@_author: ayteeffarebelongtome
@_date: 2017-12-18 05:31:54
... and mother of dragons.
@_date: 2014-03-19 14:16:20
I have been trying to make these same points for weeks. People are too forgetful and think that hearsay is a greater proof than past actions.... Despite past goxing, gox did some unprecedented damage control in their time that was nothing short of confidence inspiring.
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:09:03
....and the price of BTC goes to zero...
It's an unfortunate double edged sword. Nobody wants to let anyone else control the coins, but if you have any sort of trading desire you need an exchange that can offer instantaneous trade/liquidity...
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:15:40


chartist fail, single indicator prediction fail, calling out a fail-fail, eating your words fail....
indeed somebody might be feeling like an idiot right now....
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:49:03
With the tx mal expolit given that the altered txid was used did that not cause the change to freeze in limbo potentially leaving collateral damage (so to say)to balances that were supposed to be returned as change but were not because the tx id's didn't jive? This could have locked up significant amounts of funds in limbo, leaving them inaccessible.... but in theory still under goxcontrol...
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:45:55
Karpeles admitted to the existence of a document that was referred to by such a name. Neither parties compared which physical document they were talking about except by name. It is not unreasonable to assume that  2 docs could exist and that only one may be known to karpeles and one to the interviewer, each assuming that they are talking of the similarly named docs... within which actual information may or may not match up. Plot would thicken... Karpeles without seeing said doc could be falsely identifying as authentic. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 04:13:50
So it is a hybridization of the 2011 and 2014 hack. Thanks. 
I'm confused though about what hacked this time? Is it the passport/photo id images?
@_date: 2014-03-19 14:41:24
Again, not a 2010-11 fact as you strongly asserted was a reasonable time unless one was "greedy" to have shunned gox. 
Halting USD meant nothing. JPY, EUR,etc were all functioning perfectly fine. There are stronger arguments as to why the difficulties faced in servicing USD transactions would have happened than to speculate that such difficulties with a single currency were evidence of malfeasance, while all along it was clear and smooth sailing with all others....
@_date: 2014-04-05 05:09:32
.... and then the friend who has enough difficulty with the current banking system will need to set up an account with a wallet provider/exchange linked to a the said banking system where he/she can convert the BTC to usable fiat...... 
@_date: 2014-03-14 02:29:59
is there a reason that I can not be found on the list by name or email?
Edit never mind I found my balance in both btc and fiat and the country and state.... Yup that's me but the funny thing is my id and email are not up there I had to find myself by way of balance. I had 2fa setup right before gox shut down for the last time.... could that have been significant in the leak of the database? (and conceling my identity?)
@_date: 2014-03-18 03:34:38
I logged in with correct info without 2fa and it worked..
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:08:30
Yes I have access to google, thanks. 
The question was posed directly to you within your framework and time frame of reference with regard to choice of an exchange....
It is your 20/20 hindsight posed as foresight that is silly. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:42:20
hmmm..  given his character traits as written,  level of genius he probably did more harm bolstering and working for the american war machine... I would venture a guess that the release of bitcoin was him trying to deal with his conscience..... at least we got something at the end of the day..... wouldnt be surprised if he had NSA projects as well....
Just because a man did one good thing I am not going to judge him based on that one deed (just as I wouldn't want to judge a man for one bad deed in a life of good). I'm willing to bet the crap he handed over and developed for the military has served against the interests of freedom and peace the world over. 
None the less bitcoin is an idea and entity that now stands alone, viva bitcoin regardless of it's creator. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 18:30:29
No I mean if this is an address that mtgox has had for some time and has sent out from in the past or received deposits to in the past. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:38:56
only if a case can be made given the available evidence/info under the law...
@_date: 2014-03-18 03:29:48
what about 2fa???? I was just able to log in without 2fa...
@_date: 2014-04-18 15:35:45
In reality there were likely some actors that had btc in gox from illicit activity, never tied an identity to their accounts or didn't want to reveal their identity for other more pressing matters. Thus there is probably a pool of BTC that would never be matched with their owners so payouts might actually be a bit higher if they pay BTC for those with BTC deposits, and treat depositors and investors differently. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 15:11:38
I agree that the double spend is elegantly solved by bitcoin and is important but that is not the sole purpose of bitcoins. Bitcoin is nothing without law.  
It's not a double spend. It is a legitimate claim to assets and property that has not been transacted. Allowing property/assets to disappear(...the ability to transfer such assets) due to human/technological error or fraud is not double spend. It is upholding property rights. A world without property rights is not solved by a world with bitcoin. I would rather live in a world with property rights and fiat than without those same rights but have bitcoin. Bitcoin has no role in upholding property rights, it is only a means to elegantly and irrifutable make a transfer from one party to another. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:16:40
Agreed. And in such case as some egotistical asshat providing a "story" that turns out to complicate the situation at hand and kill any chance of resolution...well... I would rather see their blood than that of the individual that through incompetence led to my tribulation. 
I can forgive a fool and take partial blame for getting fooled but I can not forgive a self centered asshole trying to benefit from potentially turning my troubles into certain failure.
If it is the be-all and end-all story be sure of it, if there is any possibility that it may complicate a potentially reversible situation consider withholding it. 
There are people with a lot at stake here and than those that are outsiders to any btc trapped on gox that just want to see it burn with no regard for others. There is nothing gained by sealing the coffin of those that have been ripped off and even less gained by appealing to the annihilists with nothing to lose.
@_date: 2014-03-02 15:59:04
Third party is not better than un-audited imo. There are more clever methods to get around the problem of trust. ex P2P exchanges, perhaps exchanges where you actually retain a wallet with out needing to physically transfer coins to anyone. This could also prevent against government seizures because control is retained by the individual and not any central body/exchange. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:42:13
dont confuse network effect with a ponzi scheme. NOt the same. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 15:37:53
your sympathy or understanding is not needed, nor is anyone else's, it doesn't change anything. 
You have a false sense of right based on the need to be right instead of looking at information objectively. Bringing an opinion to the facts poses a problem for you when you need to interpret those same facts. 
I transferred some coins to gox because of the good trade liquidity and market depth that gox had to offer. I had tried other exchanges and they couldn't offer this. 
Given your argument nobody should use exchanges for what they were intended for, since there is no good evidence for confidence. Further, this would make price discovery impossible and bitcoins obsolete. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:33:44
Agreed, but the weekly world news is allowed to exist but she is not? She can hold herself out to whatever low standard she likes, as can newsweek...
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:38:22
With regard to blaming individuals for holding balances on mtgox (or any exchange) is quite low. If it were not for these same individuals (whether on mtgox or other exchanges) who take on counterparty risk to allow for actual utility of the BTC, price finding, and ecosystem development, bitcoin would not likely be in the same place nor headed down the same path. It likely wouldn't have garnered as much mainstream attention either. The cold-storage purists need to get their head out of their ass and realise that the world and ecosystem that bitcoin has to survive in and is headed toward is much the same as the current legacy system. Markets for exchange, investment, price discovery, storage, security etc etc all need to exist for bitcoin to do what it is meant to do, the only difference being the medium through which its done....BTC and the protocol. If we all played the cold storage game we would be nowhere fast. So please next time you preach the cold storage case take a minute to consider what it actually means.
PS this is a cut paste from a long writeup of mine elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:32:22
Could anyone have the same address that they might have deposited to in the past? 
@_date: 2014-04-11 13:16:59
in an asia vs north america , asia outnumbers about 5:1, so regardless of how resilient BTC is and how poor USD prospects are, the path that asia follows will be more likely to dictate the future despite the promise and strengths of BTC. Hell even most north americans don't really get what BTC has to offer, it seems like it's orders of magnitude behind, especially with the non stop negative press... asia wins by sheer numbers regardless of whether they pick the winning formula. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:07:14
the value of the network increases such is the case with the value of the "internet" or "fax" all these become more valuable for use with a growing use base. the value of the means to access the network is not what needs consideration. The network itself is what is valuable and why people get computers, internet service so they can access it not so that they can own a computer or a fax machine. 
Edit: i double typed
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:41:40
yes we can play hypothetical all day long. But lets try and address only one problem at a time. One that has the least ambiguity and variables.  Learning to add and subtract then multiply then algebra then calculus etc etc might be the proper way to work toward solving string theory not jumping right into it....
re-read original post.  
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:47:08
This "voice" guy really seems to have all the hindsight-holier-than-thou answers to everything...
@_date: 2014-04-12 01:24:47
it's a joke on the common misspelling of trap, when people are referring to bull trap etc.
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:21:48
what for? part of the bitcoin community was on the same hunt, if anything that part of the community should be ashamed of themselves that she was able to get closer than they were given their nerd skills.... Fuggin censorship bullshit. pick and choose your cases assholes.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:54:04
you are right it is the banks money... but gox was not a bank. point null and void
@_date: 2014-06-24 18:10:52
interesting. So is this a way for someone that hates bitcoin to false flag the presence of a meaningless snippet of recognizable code by a user's antivirus ultimately preventing them from mining or having copies of the blockchain? Could something like this, or more elegantly packaged interfere with the community being able to load and uphold the blockchain? 
@_date: 2014-04-10 03:33:59
thanks for the comment
@_date: 2014-02-28 02:41:52
Firstly I want to thank those that have empathy and concern for the community effected at large. It really is negative for bitcoins perception considering msm really has a vested interest in negative news. It is this sense of community that will foster the bitcoin protocol. 
as for the smug mofos basically summed up below.
When it comes down to it Mtgox was the most reputable exchange. They had problems over the years but came back time and again and in cases even made customers whole! NO OTHER EXCHANGE HAS EVER DONE THAT! There is the reason that people had confidence. When people wanted proof that funds existed after a hack they proved it! Even if they were slow, even if they were hindered in their banking relationships (that was on the BS USA and their legal superiority) and withdrawals took way too long (USD only), even with looking federal seizures and looming legal action, NO OTHER EXCHANGE HAD BEEN DOWN THE ROAD OF CRASHES, HACKS AND THEFTS AND LEGAL TURMOIL AND MADE PEOPLE WHOLE AND COME BACK EACH TIME!!!! All you people talking about reputation and red flags/writing on the wall are full of it beyond belief. Yet other newish or seemingly smooth sailing exchanges (not to nam-e any)  where people have had actual problems are easily forgotten and credit is given without consideration or track record.... Is it smart to keep balances on an exchange? Not if you are wanting to eliminate counter party risk but then again how the fack would all you wise ass cold storage pussies benefit from all the trading and price discovery going on by those that are willing to risk it for some more gain and indirectly for the gain and benefit of the whole community. 
I'm pretty new to the reddit community and not really sure what the fVck this whole bullshit up/down vote crap is but it seems to me it's indication that it might have struck a cord. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 00:29:37
Ok... so lets assume mtgox had the keys corrupted/lost and we know that the wallet sitting there through visible public address is theirs, and all records of customer balances are avail through mtgox records...how do you suggest that the funds are released to the rightful owners?  
This is property that is held in limbo and you suggest not having it returned to rightful owners. This is totally different from transfer of bitcoins between users and the reversibility of it. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 04:21:48
The question is how much volume can the network handle with regard to number of transactions relative to the price that can be maintained for a Bitcoin.... 
If there is an upper limit for number of transactions that the network can handle then we might have to start wondering about price per Bitcoin being reasonable(?). 
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:37:19
Lets forget gox. Any holder of bitcoins are subject to their loss. Claims to assets and rightful recovery (unspent coins) is unreasonable?
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:38:46
also account for the fact that Alice only buys $99.5 worth BTC and Bob only gets paid out $99.5 for his BTC. The house is always making a small %. The house accrues BTC and $ balances. In theory Totals deposited and totals withdrawn are never the sum same. 
edit: read&gt; Theory as fact
@_date: 2014-03-19 13:53:57
Not asking you to do research that would clearly be based on hindsight(anyone could do that), just a few points that are supported by some information of the time that would have had you choosing other exchanges of the time. (I'm guessing you nor many others have any arguments to supports these statements or were not actually involved at the time)
It is clear that you have an opinion of people that stayed with gox past 2010-11 but have nothing to base your statements on during this time period but ad hominem remarks and character judgement. 
The facts are that there were over 1000000 users/accounts are gox, granted not all were active. Of these, MANY were conceivably much more knowledgeable than you, bigger players in bitcoin and more seasoned investors and were basing their decision to stay on information that was well thought out. Your narrow viewpoint is a greater statement about you than it is about these group of people. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 07:41:23
I would say that given the capabilities of the blockchain there is no need for third party auditing, again trust can be taken out of the equation as others more in the know than me have pointed out. Also you could very easily have exchnages that do not require people to deposit BTC with the exchange but rather just trade using their engine while retaining full control of your own wallet, a disseminated exchange. p2p perhaps.   Madoff is in jail... what did regulation achieve. People got cents on the dollar back. Not worth the paper the regulation was printed on. imo
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:02:10
From my superficial understanding of tx mal a different scenario might be possible....
I wonder if they were not necessairly drained by the tx mal but rather when tx mal is exploited since there is a change in the tx id the change/remainder of the sending wallet is not returned properly. (based on my understanding when a payment is sent from a wallet the ENTIRE BALANCE is sent to the receiving address, of which the remaining "change" is sent back). So isn't it possible that if they don't create a new address for each outgoing transfer then the originating wallet address is essentially frozen in limbo if a tx mal has been exploited since the tx id don't match up. This could leave a wallet in limbo until the tx is resent with the altered tx id so that things jive and the returned change is actually accessible.  
Any insight?
@_date: 2014-03-25 01:05:29
what would be reasonable research?
All the exchanges or anywhere you could actually trade have nothing as far as independently verifiable credentials.... just words on a screen. At this point in the game bitcoin has no exchanges worth any amount of discussion.
Currently price finding is the result of those that are willing to accept counterpart risk with a technology that deliberately tried to eliminate counter party risk... 
The "cold storage" guys should be thankful for the risk takers trying to profit with trading....
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:58:00
correction, thats worse than you though, it gives the bank a great moral hazard. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 15:25:13
well since the mtgox debacle and speculation/theory that all coins could have been lost due to key corruption/loss etc (yes granted there seems to have been inferior coding ... ) really brought the situation of property rights to the forefront with respect to loss of key proof of ownership there is no other recourse to secure your property rights. Before mainstream adoption and the possibility to loose fortunes built up over lifetimes/pooled assets etc. there needs to be redundancy built in to allow for proof of ownership and regaining access to one's coins. This may also help in the case of theft/hack needing 2 or more different modes/means to spend from a wallet. Yes splitting up a key so different parts where all need to be present can be done or cold storage etc but this doesn't address the possibility of key corruption/loss or a multitude of other dumb things that can happen in the real world. Having only one means to your stash (ie. needing the key regardless of how you keep it or how many redundant means you have to) it is still just one point verification. 
Also there seems to be very little in way of recognizing legal right to ownership through history of access etc (or any other trail you could prove) once coins are "lost" which is quite unrealistic in real world terms. Yes we can preach personal responsibility but preaching only works in the fantasy world or church (and even there it doesn't!). This doesn't have to be synonymous with reversible transactions by any means. Everything works until it doesn't regardless of foresight and planning, that's the real world with a human element. 
What is also bothersome is the fact that so many in the community are ok with the total loss and obliteration of wealth and property (non theft related) even if it's right there on the blockchain and all it needs is to be repatriated with the rightful owner.
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:50:25
IF YOU THOUGHT MTGOX WAS SHADY..... STAY AWAYS FROM  BTC-E
@_date: 2014-03-24 20:43:13
So this theory is based on the theft of funds from "legit"/users with actual deposits that may have depleted hot wallet balances from gox? 
It doesn't sound reasonable to assume that X00000BTC were stolen in this manner to me. There would have been far too many reports of compromised accounts from customers....
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:35:46
He was talking about Dogecoin...
@_date: 2014-03-14 04:14:05
@_date: 2014-03-20 20:01:24
You want a service you gotta pay. End of story. Lawyers have a skill and if you need it pay them. There are options for you to choose from. They are offering a service not forcing anything upon you. It's voluntary. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 21:26:57
I might not have been clear, I do not support modifying the protocol for property rights. Property rights have to be upheld despite the protocol if we are to assume that possession and transference (as solved by the protocol) is even worth the discussion. 
I didn't intend to state that the protocol should enforce property rights but that property rights have their place when the protocol can not make the distinction. I believe that a hard fork is in the best interests of the community(given all that I understand and recognizing that I am not the originator of such ideas, Perhaps and very likely that people much more in the know than me will come oup with other ideas that I can't even imagine or have thought of myself) and all that ascribe to bitcoin if and only when the loss is evident, funds have not been mixed and are just sitting idle because of data corruption or what have you. Obviously there is a lot of discussion that is needed surrounding robbery or every instance of loss and all the permutations and combinations of scenarios that can happen. As easy as it is to lose valuable data proven by mtgox, the guys at mtgox were still orders of magnitude more knowledgeable about programming/security etc than myself and the general public. Wealth can not be allowed to be destroyed in this manner. It destroys bitcoin and doesn't build any faith given the alternative. Bitcoin solved the double spend problem and decreased transaction costs but is not (given the animosity toward hard fork asset recovery) a suitable means of store of wealth! 
I understand your argument regarding the mod of bitcoin protocol, but how else do you foresee addressing the real and present problem? 
@_date: 2014-04-13 15:52:09


...soooo not knowing the name is better-ish.....even worse logic. Even less recourse for investigation/prosecution if everything goes tits up....
BTC-e anonymity might be the right thing for individuals that are trying to remain anonymous themselves who are dealin gin high risk activity or "illegitimate" activities themselves,..... but for the regular trader it is the worst choice. 
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:03:17
wouldn't this mean that there would be a rash of accounts being reported with funds missing?
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:42:52
but but but..... btc-e is good for it...they have a "track record" ffs... they are a ghost and people trust them. Even if the shit hits the fan you have nobody to prosecute or make death threats at or order a hit....lol
@_date: 2014-03-27 23:09:07
so.... the disclosure by the independent investigators is assumed to have led to the realization that the api was still broadcasting... which was later disconnected... which actually hinders further investigation....
@_date: 2014-04-10 23:27:26
don't sweat it...it's bitcoin... it doesn't follow any rules!
@_date: 2014-03-05 04:53:26
The first 2 replies to this are not adding much to the conversation. Tell me how bitcoin can actually succeed without this? Convince me with words of your your thoughts. self interest kills bitcoin when the incentive to destroy or ignore loss of capital becomes more profitable, but it ultimately becomes a race to the end with fewer having a stake...
@_date: 2014-03-06 17:07:54
True, but not like he was with devoting his knowledge to medical research or technology development....
@_date: 2014-03-02 05:35:37
I will not rewrting anything new, here is some text from a longer write up I did.  I'm not sure why you are so antagonistic when we are all after the same thing.... the ultimate success and utility or bitcoin.  
  
So scouring the vast number of posts/topics related to bitcoin/mtgox situation that has been developing over the past few weeks several things have become apparent.
Many have some conflicting ideas about bitcoin that sometimes are actually antithetical to the bitcoin they hold near and dear. Some of the most naive or ill informed comments and opinions can come from obviously passionate individuals.  
I hope if this sparks an interest with you that you please challenge and engage.  
The jist of these ideas I have condensed to short phrases below:  
  
3) Good that MtGox failed they sucked and we needed to weed out the bad, their customers were idiots for holding money on an exchange, you are retarded for not keeping it in cold storage either tattooed on the underside of a wolverines tongue, or tattooed under "mama Junes" clitoral hood! (I apologize for the visual and to any minors, if this is over your head disregard it or else ask your parents)  
4) Actually this is good news! Fewer bitcoin are good for bitcoin since if makes them even more scarce! I become wealthier! Forget trying to find the lost private key to that giant stash of bitcoins, or coming to a miner consensus to release "lost bitcoins".  
  
3)This one has so many issues intertwined that I will outline them individually in more detail. With regard to "bad" service providers in the market place this will all be sorted out through lack of service or failures etc. in relation to other more successful/desirable providers etc. We all know the basic story here, not much to discuss but important to keep in mind that it is subjective and what might be ok for one individual might not be so for another. When people diss Mtgox I get where they are coming from but from my perspective they don't have much to stand on with their arguments. Mtgox had been around for a long long time and had faced ddos, hack, crashes, etc and through it all always came back and in cases even made their customers WHOLE! They even publicized wallet amounts to satisfy the community regarding their BTC holdings. Yes they were slow at certain things, and perhaps their coding wasn't to certain peoples tastes but it worked better with time. As most current exchanges they served certain geographic regions better than others given banking difficulties. Doing a paper analysis with pros and cons I think Mtgox was one of the better exchanges out there. It is only in recent hindsight (which every wise ass forgets is 20/20) and given very recent events that Mtgox actions seem to add up (perhaps even as far back as the hack days). Saying all along that you "knew that mtgox was going to go bust" is BS. Given the track record of all bitcoin services that have come and gone since inception leaves your guess about as good as a flip of a coin, and more likely based on a personal bias.
With regard to blaming individuals for holding balances on mtgox (or any exchange) is quite low. If it were not for these same individuals (whether on mtgox or other exchanges) who take on counterparty risk to allow for actual utility of the BTC, price finding, and ecosystem development, bitcoin would not likely be in the same place nor headed down the same path. It likely wouldn't have garnered as much mainstream attention either. The cold-storage purists need to get their head out of their ass and realise that the world and ecosystem that bitcoin has to survive in and is headed toward is much the same as the current legacy system. Markets for exchange, investment, price discovery, storage, security etc etc all need to exist for bitcoin to do what it is meant to do, the only difference being the medium through which its done....BTC and the protocol. If we all played the cold storage game we would be nowhere fast. So please next time you preach the cold storage case take a minute to consider what it actually means.    
4)This one is the scariest for me. The idea that scarcity is the be all and end all. Yes the built in scarcity of the protocol will inherently be a potentially positive thing in many regards but it could also become the thing that destroys bitcoin. If we get so worked up about the scarcity factor and lose sight of the actual intent of it then the pursuit of making it more scarce really becomes destructive. When I heard the theory of Mtgox having lost the keys to the cold wallets it got me thinking. If the keys can be discovered/pieced together(credit to others for this idea) or miners agreeing to distribute the coins (again credit to others for this idea), then the coins could be distributed to the rightful owners. I was shocked to find that so many bitcoin enthusiasts thought this was a bad idea. Some sighted is as going against the core protocol of bitcoin, ie having the rules set from the get go and changing them via the miners would be setting a precedent etc etc ( I argue you don't understand the fundamental difference in bitcoin and its intent). Others said that it was a good thing that coins are lost due to the scarcity argument... If we start playing this game it creates an incentive to destroy instead of produce. If the incentive is to make the coins more and more scarce (yes I'm aware of the divisibility..) then I might be more inclined to destroy my neighbors wallet, burn their house down or write code/viruses to corrupt wallets or exchanges etc... It cannot be held that destroying your competitors/neighbors means of production to gain value be more beneficial then actually using such factors to create value. We can't allow the idea of scarcity and the false pretense of the bitcoin protocol sanctity take precedence and willfully allow rightful owners of coins or assets to be lost forever when in fact they could be just as well released or verified without altering the true underlying spirit of the protocol. There is no moral hazard created in recognizing property rights and returning it to rightful owners. In the absence of this bitcoin will surely fail and I would bet the majority of individuals would agree with me. The goal and intention of bitcoin was to give economic freedom and political separation to the medium of exchange and store of value. Central to this is upholding property rights. If the blockchain can be used to tie all sorts of assets to ownership and transfer of that ownership then how can we also let that ownership simply disappear due to human error in the application of technology. Believe me, LOTS of that will happen as it becomes more mainstream and even once it's matured.    
We all want this to take off and become something bigger but that will not happen if we treat each other like adversaries. We need to keep open minds and open dialogue and abstain from becoming dogmatic in our understanding. Becoming attached to being right or our perspective will always put us behind the curve. Our understandings will always be changing as they did when we all met and came to appreciate the elegance bitcoin. We can't be afraid to think differently tomorrow.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:36:16
There was not attitude I was pointing out the intent of a single track discussion without the specific hypothetical you brought up. My analogy still stands. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 14:25:54
I have only pointed out your arguments and shortcomings in that regard. You sir made it personal with character remarks. You are not taking part because you have no reasonable way to back you opinion any longer. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:55:28
THe price argument in itself is terribly short sighted. 
lets assume that every large successful company right now is valued and holds all their assets on the blockchain. Imagine any one of these companies going to ZERO and being wiped off the map for no reason other than a lost key.... so much for the price argument, it means nothing when sectors of an economy crumble for no reason. Such scenarios wouldn't be isolated events. 
wealth destroyed, jobs lost etc etc.
I'm not saying that bitcoin needs to be reversible. But I am saying that there needs to be a way to have redundancy in proof of ownership to protect agains such things. Redundancy in holding keys alone can not be enough. That's like making copies of your house key but throwing away the title to the land because you have a key to the front door. 
The hard fork idea is just playing devils advocate. It just the limitation in idea at the moment in getting over the hurdle.... doesn't mean better ideas that solve the problem wont ever come along.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:23:10
Show the objective  evidence and not "memes", hearsay would be only fractionally more better than the meme suggestion. 
"Goxed" or not, actions, longevity and righting wrongs is much more meaningful than any other "evidence" that was available at the time. 
Edit: addition : So... in late 2010 early 2011 what were the next best alternatives and what was the reason for these being better than gox?
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:31:47
This is the world we live in, not that it's the way most of us would like it to be but that will never change. There are greater harms out there than one stupid journalist.... 
@_date: 2014-03-02 16:17:36
A big issues that is still present is potential loss or corruption of key/cold storage drives etc. In such a case even the most honest and transparent company would be screwed.  
There are members of the community that hold very strongly to the idea of lost coins are  "good"/ that's the way the cookie crumbles. IMO this is extremely detrimental on on institutional level and personal level. Coins will always be subject to loss or human/technology failures and destruction of wealth in this manner can not be allowed to happen. Just because an individual or institution lost access to coins doesn't mean that those coins are not the personal and rightful property. There are other ways to prove property rights wihtin bitcoin not just by holding private key information. Ex one can insert identifiable info into the hash, a little forensic digging can reveal ties.... the list goes on and capabilities are greater (I'm NO EXPERT), we all know bitcoin is not anonymous! Upholding property law is paramount to bitcoins success and without, it falls apart.   
Some believe that the loss of coins is actually a beneficial thing for the rest of the community due to scarcity but this is a terribly short sighted view. It doesn't take into account unproductive loss of wealth, the fact that all users are at all times at risk of making a simple mistake and wiping out personal wealth/property(since the blockchain can also be used to tie physical goods to ownership or transfer there of..), and that if incentives to destroy or corrupt private keys becomes too great than the incentive to work and create value through productive use of resources actually becomes less then trying to actively corrupt/destroy the wealth of neighbors or competitors. This eats bitcoin like a cancer.  
The solution is allowing the release of lost coins by way of consensus of miners etc etc (others know lot more on how his could be done than me). Some think this creates incentives/moral hazard or goes against the bitcoin "protocol" but what these people fail to see is that the bitcoin protocol is just a means to property rights through un-compromisable accounting. Property rights still need to be upheld. There is no moral hazard of bad incentive created by upholding property rights, infact the opposite is true. If we don't uphold those rights and fail to act on claims to such rightful ownership that's when we have created the dangerous incentive. THe problem is that we have trouble seeing how this would yet work because its such a new idea, but it is needed. Just like security, storage, investment, forensic investigation all will be needed and develop as the whole ecosystem develops.
@_date: 2014-03-03 20:14:15
Automate.... It's Automate. :D
@_date: 2014-03-18 12:57:12
I know not sure why, Also it doesn't say tibanne like it used to but it is mtgox https......
@_date: 2014-03-23 21:00:51
If this part ownership is true than what you say would be logical and just imo. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 23:13:54
well.... the actual investigative work by third parties and their contact with the potentially nefarious/incompetent/stressed gox led to them disclosing that the api was still broadcasting...which led to it being pulled... essentially lights out as to what is going on from here on...
 Not sure if the contact with the agencies to address discrepancies in announcements and goings-ons was worth loosing a look through the key hole... esp considering how the overseeing authority really doesnt seem to comprehend what it may actually be dealing with from a technical standpoint....
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:05:35
Karpeles or anyone else inside gox could easily pretend to have a key corrupted (ie. corrupt a false key) and you would never know if it was ever the actual key to begin with. Then some time down the road once all the dust settles you make off with the loot.... You can't prove that that the "corrupted" key ever was the authentic key(if someone can refute this please enlighten me, I'm FAR from an expert), nor can it ever be proven that the authentic key is being withheld....
@_date: 2014-03-02 16:29:08
Great thanks for your input.  
I don't disagree that what you suggest would bring about confidence for some, it certainly would and will/does have a place in the ecosystem.  I certainly hope that it comes to fruition but I also hope that it isn't pressed to become THE STANDARD. There ARE other solutions and "regulators" are not needed in this new ecosystem that DICTATE HOW and WHAT should be done. Bitcoin needs to stay voluntary in all regards from application of transparency practices by firms to participation by bitcoin holders. Thats what makes it different. I think that is important.
On the other hand imo and others as well, it is trust that is the crux of the problem. There are other ways to have this transparency/security without needing trust which is the whole thesis of bitcoins existence. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 15:27:24
couldn't the heartbleed bug also given potential access to Karpeles movements of hot wallet amounts? I mean isn't Karpeles just another "account login" when he is doing his thing from the back end?
@_date: 2014-03-05 04:51:47
how about some discussion?
@_date: 2014-03-25 22:10:03
bull-fucking-shit. 
THere are so many haters on here and everywhere that would rather see gox burn regardless of the facts.... 
Although I echo your sentiments, the fact is that most people would rather ridicule and see destruction as opposed to pull together and do something where the community actually comes together....  Coindesk among others in the exchange and wallet community had it out for gox....
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:37:32
No emails as of yet to my email add....
@_date: 2014-03-04 21:32:24


Then it can be said that bitcoin is extra legal and not even contract law could be upheld because the miners are in control. Not very attractive to businesses....essentially free goxxing for all...
@_date: 2014-04-05 05:02:15
...sub-prime mortgages, credit default swapping the list goes on!
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:00:06
I totally agree with your first paragraph, I would also add that it is that same gov and regulation that has allowed those too big to fail to get that big.... and bigger after the fact....
I don't think a central authority would be needed. Just as we couldn't comprehend something like the bitcoin protocol until it was presented to us. Autonomous trustless systems could be set up to take care of this... again I'm not the one to design it and it is easier to loosely say this then implement or create it...
Personal resposibility is paramount but we it is not a perfect system. Humans make mistakes and we a far from perfect and thus will always be at the mercy of our shortsightedness however much we try and prepare for the unexpected.  
I copy pasted this here from a comment above regarding the scarcity argument and loss of coins:
lets assume that every large successful company right now is valued and holds all their assets on the blockchain. Imagine any one of these companies going to ZERO and being wiped off the map for no reason other than a lost key.... so much for the price argument, it means nothing when sectors of an economy crumble for no reason. Such scenarios wouldn't be isolated events.
wealth destroyed, jobs lost etc etc.
I'm not saying that bitcoin needs to be reversible. But I am saying that there needs to be a way to have redundancy in proof of ownership to protect agains such things. Redundancy in holding keys alone can not be enough. That's like making copies of your house key but throwing away the title to the land because you have a key to the front door.
The hard fork idea is just playing devils advocate. It just the limitation in idea at the moment in getting over the hurdle.... doesn't mean better ideas that solve the problem wont ever come along.
@_date: 2014-03-19 15:22:10
Or the loads of account that had no problems with withdrawals. The halted withdrawals were a minority while the majority of users went about their business just fine. Paypal was known to do the same thing even freeze bank accounts.... If these were large scale problems these institutions would have failed due to these problems but they obviously weren't. 
The USD example is the USD example, that's it. It worked perfectly just fine for other currencies. No reason to think anything of that.
in response to your imgur link.... 
google is your enemy if you don't actually understand what you are linking to...
@_date: 2014-03-22 05:04:57
don't you love having to debate with asshats that find it necessary to troll the piece of your mind you wanted to share?
Personally as you described everything I don't think you did anything unreasonable and still erred on the side of caution
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:11:51
You can easily add identifyable/linkable info into the hash can you not? So it's not that we can't identify what belongs to who with a bit of work but that we don't have the infrastructure yet to care to do so or do so in a way that is accepted and recognized by the comunity
@_date: 2014-03-13 20:33:34
fucking christ!
@_date: 2014-03-18 03:36:43
Interesting thing is that it nolonger says Tibanne in the top bar.... Also log in without the need for 2fa?
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:26:49
I love how there is a direct correlation between my date of sign up and my intentions...
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:16:28
The idea that scarcity is the be all and end all. Yes the built in scarcity of the protocol will inherently be a potentially positive thing in many regards but it could also become the thing that destroys bitcoin. If we get so worked up about the scarcity factor and lose sight of the actual intent of it then the pursuit of making it more scarce really becomes destructive. When I heard the theory of Mtgox having lost the keys to the cold wallets it got me thinking. If the keys can be discovered/pieced together(credit to others for this idea) or miners agreeing to distribute the coins (again credit to others for this idea), then the coins could be distributed to the rightful owners. I was shocked to find that so many bitcoin enthusiasts thought this was a bad idea. Some sighted is as going against the core protocol of bitcoin, ie having the rules set from the get go and changing them via the miners would be setting a precedent etc etc ( I argue you don't understand the fundamental difference in bitcoin and its intent). Others said that it was a good thing that coins are lost due to the scarcity argument... If we start playing this game it creates an incentive to destroy instead of produce. If the incentive is to make the coins more and more scarce (yes I'm aware of the divisibility..) then I might be more inclined to destroy my neighbors wallet, burn their house down or write code/viruses to corrupt wallets or exchanges etc... It cannot be held that destroying your competitors/neighbors means of production to gain value be more beneficial then actually using such factors to create value. We can't allow the idea of scarcity and the false pretense of the bitcoin protocol sanctity take precedence and willfully allow rightful owners of coins or assets to be lost forever when in fact they could be just as well released or verified without altering the true underlying spirit of the protocol. There is no moral hazard created in recognizing property rights and returning it to rightful owners. In the absence of this bitcoin will surely fail and I would bet the majority of individuals would agree with me.  
 The goal and intention of bitcoin was to give economic freedom and political separation to the medium of exchange and store of value. Central to this is upholding property rights. If the blockchain can be used to tie all sorts of assets to ownership and transfer of that ownership then how can we also let that ownership simply disappear due to human error in the application of technology. Believe me, LOTS of that will happen as it becomes more mainstream and even once it's matured.  
We all want this to take off and become something bigger but that will not happen if we treat each other like adversaries. We need to keep open minds and open dialogue and abstain from becoming dogmatic in our understanding. Becoming attached to being right or our perspective will always put us behind the curve. Our understandings will always be changing as they did when we all met and came to appreciate the elegance bitcoin. We can't be afraid to think differently tomorrow.
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:16:11
What you are missing is that there is not enough money ie tx fees/brokerage for them in the small times.   
They will only launder the big times cartel cash since the fees they make are much greater than the fine they pay when it's handed to them by the legislators/politicians.....
It's not about hating this or that but making financial sense to them as a business... errrr... crony business as usual
Edit: addtn last paragraph..
@_date: 2014-02-28 05:08:24
Bitcoin will surely fail if individuals ascribe to the idea that others not affected by mass loss of wealth in such a manner have a counter interest in seeing to that such losses are maintained. In that it somehow is beneficial to them. This creates an incentive that destroys bitcoin like a cancer. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:55:15
I'm curious just exactly how much was known to people that are in the core circle (Foundation members, other big players in the bitcoins space)
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:55:31
This time is different. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:45:47
perhaps it's a new account because the real account(if one exists) has individuals that might be able to tie his/hers identity to it...
Even if it's a fake you would rather take 2 seconds to fuel a fire than potentially make a difference.... speaks volumes
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:10:48
In a recent LTB Shrem actually stated that bitinstant had deposits with mtgox... The fact that Karpeles and lawyers are stating that gox is bankrupt is really scarry though.
Is there an equivalent to double jeopardy in the case of bankruptcy proceedings/litigation if it turns out down the road that btc was hidden/stolen?
@_date: 2014-03-19 14:00:34
we get it you have an opinion and your sticking to it... and have nothing to really support it with other than the mtgox's very recent past. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:33:33
if the incentive to destroy others assets is more a driving force to upping your personal value that system is going nowhere fast....
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:35:25
thanks you're clever... . the coins I lost are not the end of the world. I'm just willing to discuss and address a real problem. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 05:00:13
totally irrational, unless you know for a fact that DPR is running btc-e, if not then you can't have the same faith, and the parallel conclusion is flawed. 
... not only that, with no known identifiable individuals to come after if the shit hits the fan, At the very least one could pursue criminal charges against a known thief even if there are nothing to be regained financially. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:53:18
I might venture a guess that the life of the reporter might be in greater danger than the alleged Messiah....
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:43:45
So, the reputation of bitstamp, kraken etc are non meaningful either...
Without transparency all that there is to go on is reputation and track record.... Which could be argued that mtgox had the best track record in history given their longevity, fact that they suffered hacks/ddos and came back from it and even MADE CUSTOMERS WHOLE when funds were stolen, and some of the biggest and oldest whales were clearly using it. NO OTHER exchange had set the precedent of such longevity and returning customer balances(which can be nothing but confidence inspiring), all the others simply crashed and burned. Albeit they did face hacks  (which were successful which could bring into question their security) and cust service that left a lot to be desired. Hacks are an inevitability in this area, it's just a matter of when at ANY exchange imo. 
But please enlighten all us about these so called best practice of yours and how mtgox would stack up compared to the alternatives out there. At the very least we might learn something from you. 
@_date: 2014-04-23 16:55:40
The only fair thing is to not pass subjective/biases judgments in the payout scheme.... and think that you are doing someone a favor or achieving a great outcome... Stinks like the work of a politician...
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:42:20
actually that could be good news. Sorry for the sense of humor, I lost goxcoins too.   
This might further fuel the fire for a disseminated exchange where you maantain contorl of your wallet but can still access a trading engine or p2p like system.   
Necessity is the mother of invention.  
but lest hope out coins return. The craziest thing would be if they are seized for some time, value skyrockets and out of nowhere we all get them returned. Until now I was stupid enough to trade with my limited skill instead of hold...
@_date: 2014-03-28 04:14:37
not really sure why you are getting down voted...
@_date: 2014-03-04 01:17:17
ummm(from what I understand), the japanese law that they filed under prevents any lawsuits from recovering anything in an attempt to make the company whole again so that people can get a greater value instead of pennies on the dollar from a class action settlement... unless fraud is involved but that has yet to be determined 
@_date: 2014-03-15 07:02:28
There is more evidence that nick szabo is. The evidence is far more convincing. 
@_date: 2014-03-23 15:19:04
He might go to jail.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:07:58
Why would BTC in the eyes of the court not be worth anything? If it was Beannie babies the could would find the market value as the price for compensation/damages.... same thing goes for BTC. Property rights are still in effect regardless of whether BTC has legal status as a currency/asset/store of value...
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:32:02
Right, forking might not be solution, thats the problem we can't envision what we(others) might be able to think up tomorrow. But I think it's a critically important conversation to have.
@_date: 2014-03-19 16:11:51


trust is relative, there were never indications of malfeasance of the current level or proportion. 
they had made customers whole, provided the blockchain evidence of funds under their control and came back from hacks, ddos'ing etc etc , none of which can be said of other exchanges, and it is these facts that speak to inspiring confidence in one versus the lack at others that you disregard/discredit. 
Gox/karpeles made public statements that were skirting the facts. This is fraud. All else floating was speculation and hearsay. No reliable sources had better information. There is nothing gained by blaming gox users. You are just making the perpetrator less vilified at the expense of others. 


It's just not as black and white as you make it out to be.
 Given your logic personal responsibility is taking it on the chin when one has been defrauded and moving on. This is not the same as accepting trade risk or market volatility (upside/downside risk). One can accept that fraud may have happened but that is different from accepting being defrauded. When fraud occurs the law needs to take over and victim blaming is nonsense and non contributory, especially when the law will hold individuals accountable for their statements (Karpeles/mtgox skirting/misleading the truth in their updates to the actual extent/nature of the problems faced at mtgox) when the actions/facts are otherwise.  


This is you pulling back again pounding your chest and table hollering your viewpoint because you need to be right. It's obvious that you don't have much to base your argument on logically. None the less you need to keep it. I'm sure your radio show is the bastion of fact, sound discussion and progress.....
Take care.
@_date: 2014-02-28 05:06:43
This is a good idea imo. Losing coins is not a good idea within the community, wealth destruction through such means is not productive. This is not malinvestment (which under no circumstances should be "bailed-out") but rather equivalent to papers or title of ownership(house/land/vehicle) being lost (such as down at your municipal government). If thru forensics it can be ascertained that a cold wallet for which the keys have been lost infact belongs to the individual/body making the claim then it should be somehow released to them. There is no negative incentive created. This is the equivalent of having claim to the estate of a long lost relative, there is not moral hazard in recognizing property rights and upholding it. This is not synonymous with ceizing coins indiscriminately after stolen coins are spent/mixed... proper forensics for such theft cases needs to be in place to ascertain who the wrongdoers are/were and not to adversely effect honest/innocent individuals.
Creating the society and economic incentives/freedoms that the bitcoin protocol allows should not create a society where in which property rights are not upheld or easily erased by human error in application of technology. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 04:51:05
Could be legit.  the exchanges have been pricing something over the past few days.....
@_date: 2014-04-11 13:10:50
it's a tarp!
@_date: 2014-03-13 03:34:14
I think that all those that have the understanding, the initiative to invest energy into understanding of something new and abstract, and the early adopters in general are already in. The next phase will be the mainstream adoption and this will be determined by ease of use/security/understanding and these are a FAR way imo. BTC is still WAY too risky and non user friendly for the average person. I wouldn't recommend bitcoin to anyone that I know at this point, only have recommended to every techy friends/nerds/programmers and they had already heard of it but just didn't have time to invest in understanding it.... my 2cents
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:44:09
I sincerely hope you are not serious and this is a joke in bad taste.
If you are serious I'm not one to council you but I would really recommend you contact someone. I understand your situation and it sounds like you are terribly down about it to say the least. 
Please get in touch with some professional and also with your family. This might be what saves you, your family and ultimately leads you to happiness you never thought could exist. 
here's to pulling for you.
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:17:28
Thank you smart computer people!
@_date: 2014-03-03 20:16:48
Great! Could you provide periodic updates on how it's coming along. I don't have much technical knowledge regarding what is going on, but it sounds like you are trying to just get a sum of all coins?
@_date: 2014-03-08 17:41:47
so its a diff/new address? not a reused one that they have had in the past?
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:43:48
While your intent is clear and positive, the problem is that everything that is written will resonate only with the non-suicidal or non-depressed. Those that are contemplating suicide or depressed will not be moved by convincing that they are irrational or delusional.  Unfortunately that is not how it works. 
+upvote for the shared experience and intent!
Stay well.
@_date: 2014-03-13 20:39:37
If only I could time markets like this or pick lotto numbers
...see here,  called it ... guess I was down voted for being a realist...
@_date: 2015-01-28 01:23:57
die Karpeles, die
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:40:42
save it. you are just going to get flamed. 
The idea of retrieving coins is one thing but stolen coins amplifies the dilemma....
see my write up here regarding asset and wealth destruction. It's a greater risk to the bitcoin ecosystem than theft since theft can be guarded against.... 
@_date: 2014-03-14 02:34:29
please elaborate, you have peaked my curiosity
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:54:34
new screen saver
@_date: 2015-01-28 14:06:38
Simpsons reference 
@_date: 2014-03-05 04:51:36
Any dialogue?
@_date: 2015-08-27 15:06:51
He's fucked.
Even the police investigating anti-believe....
@_date: 2015-02-16 16:23:51
So... Dr. Claw essentially. I never pictured Dr Claw liking starbucks frappe's though...
@_date: 2015-02-16 16:22:52
My 8 ball says "Soonish"