@_author: azara1th
@_date: 2019-07-09 13:35:42
Forgot context from 9hrs ago. Either way, point is that it makes sense to hold/hoard currency that is deflationary. If 1BTC can buy a used Camry today, maybe tomorrow it'd buy a new Camry, so hold til tomorrow. That's not a feature you actually want in a currency, if you want a functioning economy as large as the US, EU, China, etc.
@_date: 2019-07-09 03:14:04
Why would anyone use it? As soon as demand rises, price will also rise (limited supply), and therefore any rational person would hold and then sell. 
I struggle to see any real advantage in real life use other than speculation either. If I compare it to using a credit card I'm not gaining anything by using Bitcoin instead - credit cards are already fast enough that I don't care about most incremental improvements there. Nothing's really much simpler than using a card either. What is the draw for average Joe who doesn't care about how the backend works at all?
@_date: 2019-07-09 12:29:05


Because Bitcoin has low volatility and risk? Lol
@_date: 2019-07-09 05:03:36
To varying degrees, but that says nothing. It's also speculation that Bitcoin won't be deleted tomorrow by Satoshi, who reveals himself to have been Elon Musk all along and it's a social experiment. Obviously not a high chance of that happening, but it's *speculation*, right? 
I'm not interested in reasoning for Bitcoin as a "store of value in case of inflation or just to get rich", I'm interested in real, down to earth reasons to use it. I can provide why I'd use American Express vs cash or PayPal, what advantages and features does Bitcoin offer that they don't? The reasons you've given are reasons to *hold* Bitcoin, not use and spend it.
Why not answer the actual question?
@_date: 2019-07-09 12:25:38
Only if you could actually spend it anywhere, lol. You have to convert it to actually buy anything. Maybe maximize spending ability works better, but power too just from the waiting bit.
You'll gain more by holding BTC for a bit while/if it rises then selling than if you sold immediately or used it directly immediately.
@_date: 2019-07-09 12:18:13
That's a long and defensive way to admit you don't have an answer to the question being asked.
The post popped up in I understand economics and currencies fine and asked a question that none of you seem to be able to answer with anything other than the idea that it'll increase in value.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:51:12
In the US inflation is actually under 1.5%...
@_date: 2017-12-28 15:46:09
$20m wouldn't be enough for that... You might be able to buy the garage and cars, but you'd have to sell them shortly because the remaining money wouldn't be enough to maintain them all on the interest.
@_date: 2019-07-09 04:41:52
That's speculation, though... I mean real, everyday uses - not hedging against what-if scenarios.
I'd invest in something else, actually. Bitcoin has fluctuated in value far more than I'm comfortable with. It's not an investment, it's speculation. Not much better than gambling. Sure, it could go to $20k. Or it could crash to $0 and die. Who knows, there's hardly rhyme or reason to it, other than media hype leading to bubbles.
Hyperinflation in the US isn't a huge concern of mine though. I'm diversified enough and have more resilient investments than Bitcoin, things that have value regardless of circumstances - Bitcoin has no value other than what is ascribed to it. It's no more inherently valuable than the USD - it's fiat, just with the Bitcoin community's interest backing it instead of a government's central bank.
@_date: 2019-07-09 04:12:57
Even if you're paid in Bitcoin and can buy everything in Bitcoin it'd make more sense to sell it for actual currency as the exchange rate increases in your favor. You'll maximize spending power by doing that. 
Only poorly informed investors run to gold every recession, it's actually not that wise of a move. Both inflation and deflation are problematic if outside of normal bounds. Deflation encourages hoarding and a stagnant economy (no one spending money), and Bitcoin is deflationary by design - and will rapidly become moreso if it were to take off as currency. 
You didn't address my main question though, why would I want to use it as currency aside from speculation? I'm not worried about inflation in my country.
@_date: 2019-07-09 05:25:10
Most people don't care about privacy... Source: FB still exists. Crypto is also not actually anonymous, especially Bitcoin. It's harder than just asking Amex, but you'd need to launder the Bitcoin just like other currency to make it untraceable. For the majority of us, the hassle just isn't worth it when it's mostly philosophical benefits. 
Average Joe doesn't give a damn about it being different, they just want to buy a beer and pay rent. Without a real reason other than hoping the value rises, I don't see it ever being commonly used as a currency. "Hodling" won't ever make it take off - in fact, the basis behind that meme is exactly what kills Bitcoin as a currency.
@_date: 2017-12-13 12:47:10
That's really "only" 7.6% per year on average, which isn't comparable to Bitcoin's growth rate. And it's likely not adjusted for inflation.
@_date: 2014-08-21 04:11:14
Think of it like shorting a stock - if you use their service, you're betting that the value (herein defined as "exchange rate with $USD) will stay at or below that mark.  You come out ahead if Bitcoins drop in value, break even if the value remains the same, and lose money if Bitcoins appreciate in value.  Coinapult is betting that Bitcoins will trend up in value and that users will exchange their ability to possibly gain from that appreciation in exchange for insurance in the case that the value would go down.
@_date: 2017-08-12 23:51:42
Gold would be used in coins, as had been done for centuries. The main difference is the digital vs analog, not difficulty of dividing into usable fractions of value.
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:34:51
One anecdote doesn't define reality. If you are able to analyze transactions by type, how many bitcoin transactions are for goods and services vs trading between currencies? Are more people buying into bitcoin as an "investment" or are they actually spending it? This isn't a discussion based in absolutes (absolutely no one does __), it's about what the market as a whole is doing.
Rapid price growth of bitcoin in USD = deflation. I didn't spell it out because if you understand deflation and basic economics you'd recognize that I was talking about deflation.
@_date: 2018-10-05 13:38:58
Only if demand keeps increasing, which is a faulty assumption.
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:25:21
Demand can go up (as it has been), and it can also go down. People won't stop wanting to make purchases, but they could stop seeking to use bitcoin to do so. I for one see no point in using it as a currency - it doesn't make paying for things online any easier, it makes it harder (have to convert to BTC first, or hold some BTC in addition to USD). What reasons do I have to use bitcoin over USD other than speculation on its value increasing? 
The limited supply isn't necessarily a good thing. Obviously BTC founders thought deflation would be a good thing for their currency, or they wouldn't have set a cap, but that's a very debatable position that they've taken.
@_date: 2018-10-05 15:48:10
No way to say. The number of people that 'demand' a good doesn't set a predictable price - you can't say that there is 21m of 'x' and 54m people want it, therefore price will be 'y'. You'd also need to know willingness to pay, substitutes, etc.
I'd argue that greatly reducing circulation of Bitcoin would reduce the value eventually once people would lose faith that it would ever go anywhere as a currency - which a large proportion of people not caring about losing their private keys would imply. Two camps care about Bitcoin, primarily: speculators and enthusiasts about the tech. Enthusiasm about the tech would diminish greatly if the potential future of it becoming widely used as currency is reduced to near-zero, and the speculators will follow - they are only in it for gambling on price appreciation. In other words, the demand is there while the tech is believed to have a future, but if 'dead coins' become a large proportion of the 21m then that future will look bleak and demand will be decreased. People losing private keys is also a result of people losing interest and reducing (their) demand. 
Some keys are of course lost purely on accident, but some are also lost because the person didn't care (very common back when it was worthless). People with very little 'invested' may just walk away, particularly with large dips such as from 12/2017, and those keys will be lost. They might not be large amounts of Bitcoin individually, but they add up.
@_date: 2018-10-05 16:47:46
The value of the key would be zero, aside from academic value, as it will have no transactional ability at that point and, unlike fossils, the key itself could be infinitely replicated - a bunch of 0s and 1s in a file aren't useful or interesting. There is no value in something that has no demand, and a Bitcoin without an ability to transact is both useless and worthless. Besides the fact that demand fundamentally can't be a constant, there being only 1 of something doesn't mean that its value is infinite. Demand also depends on price - if homeboy says he'll sell it for $1 he'll get a lot more people demanding it than if he wants $1m for it. The concept that price is infinite if demand &gt;0 and supply =1 doesn't even make sense, math alone isn't sufficient to explain an economic problem.
I have a text file on my PC's desktop. It is 100% unique, nothing else on the planet has ever been identical to it (at least statistically the odds are very low). How much would you pay for it? The contents are "938u5t9p08qh3aw rliftj bunslekzrjg liau3nrglk ndsvf.kljgna;lkewrjtlkoteg". Now how much would you pay?
@_date: 2017-08-13 01:03:55
Lmfao.  Neckbeard, engage!  You can step away from the keyboard now, maybe take a quick jog to the kitchen for another Mt. Dew and bag o' chips.
@_date: 2017-08-12 19:23:18
That would actually worry me - if that's a primary use, then governments will block it. If you don't think that's possible, you don't understand the reach of governments - if every exchange that popped up ended with the seizure of the founder's real assets (house, car, etc) and jail time, and no legit outlets existed that would take btc the market would disappear quickly. BTC won't thrive by being an underground market for people trying to avoid paying taxes and child support/alimony, it will only thrive if it succeeds in becoming a mainstream form of payment and savings.
@_date: 2017-01-06 17:42:32
I think Waabbit's the one who's really hit it on the head.  Mining for BTC that you intended to sell within the near term was almost as pointless back then as it is now, since it wasn't worth much and you'd spend almost as much in electricity as they were worth, or more.  The main way people have made off like bandits with BTC is by having mined a lot in the past and held them while the price has increased.
Mining is now much more difficult, you've got to have serious power (on a larger scale than most people can afford) to be able to effectively mine BTC, but if you do then if you hold them they may increase in value and make the investment worth it.  But they may also tank in value, you never know.
@_date: 2017-08-13 01:08:39
Yeah, right.  I stopped actually arguing a while ago, and now I'm just laughing at you and replying snidely.  If you had anything intelligent to say you threw it away with the "blarg blarg theft blarg inflation" nonsense.  
I can link to wikipedia too! 
@_date: 2017-08-13 01:14:19
You're arguing that my argument is wrong because you claim it's a fallacy.  If you were intelligent, you'd have gotten that from the first sentence:


And you're blocked now, unlike you I don't like wasting all my time arguing about bitcoin.  Blocked because I've got a tendency to try to reply to nearly everything, and you're spamming up my inbox ;)
@_date: 2017-01-06 17:12:37
It was probably true then, and is now actually, but didn't account for the value of the coins rising as mining became more difficult.  It's far beyond what could be expected of a 16 year old to predict that though...
@_date: 2017-08-12 17:28:28


Which won't continue indefinitely...  Eventually interest will taper off and the pool of people that are both likely to want to buy BTC and don't already know about it will shrink to near-zero.
The single most significant thing that should scare an 'investor' away from an investment is that the fundamental driver of growth is other people buying it because the price has been growing.  That's true of any stock or commodity.  A feedback loop with no underlying value is incredibly risky - you're not investing at that point, you're just gambling.  Maybe it keeps growing, maybe it crashes, but the idea that people are '''investing''' without even having the foggiest clue about what's driving up the value besides other people buying is astounding.  
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:38:07
Lolwut? Normal currencies = theft? Maybe in bizzaroworld, but not in reality. Only the most out of touch libertarians equate any sort of monetary policy with "theft".
@_date: 2017-08-13 01:11:22
Aww, is that supposed to be an insult?  Sad, pathetic little man thinks he's so smart.  Keep at it, fry cook.
Edit: Autist thinks "poor" was a reference to money, wow.  Edited to use a word they might actually understand the intended meaning of.  :)
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:56:42


Gold...  Scarcity alone doesn't make a currency good though - it's actually typically viewed as negative.
@_date: 2017-08-12 18:01:05
The rapid price growth precludes it being used as a method of payment though - no one wants to spend $10 worth of bitcoin on something if that same amount of bitcoin will likely be worth $15 or $20 the next day. The price gains are directly at odds with it being viable as a currency.
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:20:59
??? Not even sure what you're trying to say here. Deflationary currencies have existed - see: gold - but countries try to avoid deflation now and limit inflation, for very good reasons.
@_date: 2017-08-12 18:17:23
How often do people use gold for anything besides a store of value? No one's buying groceries with it. (Ignoring physical uses for it, eg jewelry).
Some people might use btc for transactions, but anyone that's thinking about value and not doing it purely as an enthusiast (ignoring value implications) is holding btc, not spending. 
It's far better to spend USD and keep BTC if USD are losing value (inflating) at 1% per year while BTC are gaining value (deflating) at 50%+ per year.
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:17:06
Incorrect. Reality disagrees with you.
See? I can make pointless comments too!  
Unlike you, I understand economics - I majored in it. Deflation absolutely does reduce liquidity and market activity.
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:49:12
Sounds to me like you lack understanding of both reality and theory. Let me know how that works out for you. Arrogance alone rarely leads to success.
@_date: 2017-08-12 16:47:16
Self-sustaining isn't a thing with currencies - the feedback loop of people buying because it's rising and it rising because people are buying won't continue indefinitely, if no one ever finds a real reason to hold or use BTC beyond speculation it will eventually crash. If it's treated like gold is now and is only used as a store of value and never a currency then it will level off at some point, but I don't see it maintaining this value or especially growth rate.
@_date: 2017-08-12 16:24:41
I'm guessing everyone here is speculating and not planning on using BTC as an actual currency, but is that still an end goal for the BTC community? Rapid deflation like this can't be sustained if anyone is ever going to complete regular transactions with BTC that were held (rather than exchanging and immediately making a transaction, which also defeats the purpose of BTC being used as 'regular' money). No one wants to spend money on a pizza if the next day the same amount of money could buy them a graphics card. And if it never reaches a sustainable real use the speculation train will end somewhere. I've read articles about banks using the tech to replace the traditional clearing house system, but that doesn't require use of the BTC as currency itself, does it? They may even create a private chain.
Does anyone really know the fundamentals driving the price up for BTC? It can't be just the HBO hacking and other ransom requests, and if it were that'd be very bad for BTC (public image as the currency of criminals, possible regulation, etc). 
@_date: 2017-08-13 00:58:48
No, inflation isn't "theft".  You really, really don't understand economics at all if that's your position.  It sounds like what someone 7 joints into a sesh would say while chillin' with their bros and talking about how "the man" is keeping them down.
@_date: 2018-02-04 14:39:28
The deflationary aspect of Bitcoin is one of the things ensuring it won't be used as a currency though, not when most currency is inflationary. People will spend their real currency (USD, etc) and hold BTC because doing so increases buyer power if BTC prices are going up. If BTC prices are going down no one will accept it in trade, not when it's so volatile. 2% inflation per year that is very predictable works out well, but no one knows where BTC will be tomorrow.
Why would I spend 0.05 BTC on something today rather than $400 if in a week that 0.05 BTC could be worth $500 and the $400 in USD would be worth the same (essentially)? Right now with prices dropping I'd spend the BTC, but only a limited number of people would accept it.
@_date: 2018-02-05 01:32:33
Doesn't matter what you took, I'm just speaking to the level of economic understanding displayed here. I'm not the first to point out the deflation problem of Bitcoin, and most Bitcoiners have moved on to arguing that it's a "store of value" now that the "deflation is good, mkay" viewpoint has largely been put to bed.
You're assuming something that won't happen, given the nature of the beast - it won't stabilize when the majority are speculators and there's no other reason to buy into it. What would create stability in the market? 
I'll assume (just for fun) deflation becomes stable at 2%. What happens then is people take advantage of the risk-less arbitrage opportunity of a 4-5% net return by buying and holding Bitcoin. There's fundamentally no winning a currency battle when holding offers you more benefits than trading. 
I'm not sure what philosophical angle you expect me to buy into, but saying it has anything to do with "humans main purpose" isn't an economic argument. Not everyone has to be expected to "hoard", but if an arbitrage opportunity exists you can damn well bet people will take advantage of it.
@_date: 2018-02-04 15:02:34
I was talking about where you have both USD and BTC . Practically no one has their entire life savings and daily spending money (meaning a checking account, cash, credit card, etc) in exclusively BTC. Assuming you have $400 in cash USD and 0.05 BTC and can choose to spend either you'd be dumb to spend the BTC and not the USD.
Your example also works, you'd just hold the BTC indefinitely while the price goes up if you have other currency to spend. Which is my point, BTC doesn't work as currency because it's always economically preferable to hold it and spend USD instead.
Gold worked in the past because fiat currency wasn't a thing. Given that people hold both and both can be spent, it only makes sense to hold the deflationary currency and spend the inflationary currency.
It's just basic microeconomics - this is high school level stuff.
@_date: 2018-02-04 17:17:32
The base assumption is valid so long as demand increases for BTC - finite supply leads to increasing price when the demand increases. More people using Bitcoin as currency --&gt; increased demand for Bitcoin. I suggest reading up on economics and specifically "[demand for money](
No one holds all their money in BTC because of the risk and volatility - you'd have to be insane to do so, just consider this very post. Not many people want to hold all their money in a currency that can lose half its value in 2 months.
Your failure to understand basic economics is on you, not "confusing scenarios".
Bitcoin will fail to work as a currency so long as there are other stable, inflationary currencies. In an imagined world where Bitcoin was the only currency it'd work, but not in reality.
@_date: 2017-10-17 01:46:19
$20?!? Literally $20? Goddamn, my dinner tonight was more than that... Didn't know it was that bad...