@_author: aziuy1
@_date: 2017-02-02 05:59:44
Although the price shouldn't be so important, we cannot hide from the fact that the price plays a major role.
Price rises: Positive media attention (digital gold, safe heaven asset, frictionless payment method etc), more people learn about bitcoin, more investments made into bitcoin innovations. 1 step closer to mass adoption
Price declines: Negative media attention (it's a ponzi, it's used by drug dealers, the blockchain is what matters not bitcoin etc etc) more people confuse bitcoin for real scam coins such as Onecoin, more investors waste money investing in useless Blockchain tech aka databases/spreadsheets. 2 step backwards away from the long term vision.
@_date: 2017-02-02 06:00:44
Isn't the real problem bitmain, they control the supply of miners, set up their on massive mining pool, and probably a couple front mining pools on top. Seems to me the number 1 threat to bitcoin is bitmain. 51% attack would be no problem for them, plus they control if a softfork will happen.
They could if they wanted to just stop selling miners to others, and take total control in no time.
Really, the current method of POW is broken, IMO. It only works at all because 1 company is deciding not to act malicious. They already price the miners so only a fool would buy one, they are completely overpriced and I just typed the numbers in, even if I had .01 electricity I'd barely break even.
@_date: 2017-02-02 06:00:13
Satoshi mined a million or so coins; and it is debated whether or not the keys are lost or he/she/them are dead. I wouldn't assume they are lost.
There are a great number of Bitcoins that are lost; due to loss of private keys, but that number is uknowable; and as Bitcoins price increases those lost keys may be recovered through expensive recovery operations that only make sense at an extremely high price of Bitcoin.
For instance someone threw out a harddrive with 10,000 BTC or so on it. It is at a landfill somewhere. It is worth about 10M USD now; probably not worth going through the whole landfill for it. But if BTC reaches 1M; that HDD will be worth $10Billion and excavating an old landfill may be profitable at that point.
@_date: 2017-02-02 06:00:05
The most interesting to me, however, seems to be the elephant in the room - tangentially referred to in your closing paragraph - i.e. the transaction-throughput bottleneck, its impact, what's being proposed and the what the more and likely outcomes. Referred to as the 'civil war' in Bitcoin, I'm wondering whether it is absent from your list because you don't find it interesting, because the mods and core supporters here like the front page to look like all is well or some other reason. Care to elaborate?
If I may politely suggest a factual, if inadvertent misrepresentation in your case:  'tries to mine' is not, as I understand it what happened. It was a BU bug that led to an invalid block being mined - which brought a problem to light, followed by a fix and valuable lessons (apparently different ones for different people, according to their preconceived ideas ;) ).