@_author: aziuy
@_date: 2017-01-26 02:19:08
The problem is that no one has any way to realistically estimate how transaction fees will change with larger block sizes, and ultimately all of the security will soon come from transaction fees.
Here's a reply I added lower down the thread: This is the tragedy of the commons at play. Individuals are demanding lower transaction fees because they want to pay less, but they ignore what the transaction fees pay for.
An average 600 byte transaction will cost the network around 6 cents to store for the next few hundred years. I calculated that from S3 storage and bandwidth prices, assumed the price of storage and bandwidth continued to drop by 1.5% per year, and assumed we stay at ~5000 full history Bitcoin nodes, and changing the assumptions don't change much since most of the cost comes within the next 15 years anyway.
But more importantly, transaction fees are needed to pay for miners to secure the network from attackers. As the Bitcoin network grows more popular and stable, it will become a bigger target for countries or high net worth organizations that want to manipulate it like a stock. If they amass a huge sum of money and short the Bitcoin net worth for X% of its total value, there needs to be enough mining power to make a 51% attack (mining farm built for the purposes of driving down the price to profit from the short) not viable. There can only be enough mining power if the total sum of transaction fees picks up where the block reward drops off.
There's a way to estimate the mining rewards versus the total Bitcoins that would have to be shorted to be a viable attack. The price of Bitcoin drops out of the equation and within 5 years the total number of Bitcoins becomes (effectively) static as well, so that leads to this rough estimation table:
Our current transaction fees are ~100 btc per day. If they don't increase, someone would only have to gain a profit of 2% of the total net worth to justify building a mining farm that would 51% attack the currency. With leveraged shorting and high-net-worth organizations, that's fucking nothing. We start to be in real danger if transaction fees haven't increased by ~2028.
@_date: 2016-12-29 08:06:08
Probably Gemini. Try to reach them.