@_author: azlad
@_date: 2017-05-19 16:21:20
I'm still learning a lot, but I have had a Coinbase account for about two weeks now. Is the general understanding that I should transfer the BTC I currently have to my Bitcoin Core client wallet for added security and flexibility to spend it on whatever I want? I'm just trying to better understand the decision as I'm fairly new to cryptocurrencies in general. Thank you!
@_date: 2017-05-19 16:44:05
Ty for the explanation and link!
@_date: 2017-07-12 01:04:38


Got his money back two days after he posted that, Coinbase support reached out. It's in the link. He admitted to not putting in the right destination number in the wire transfer. It is abysmal customer service though.
A bunch of people complaining about verifications times.
A series of random screenshots, some of which are doctored (there is no such thing as 2/30/16, there are NEVER 30 days in February but that's the date of the email in one of the links. 
You can say Coinbase sucks but this is anonymous, doctored and inaccurate complaints, none of which have ever affected me or the people I trade with.


First accurate thing you've said all day. Hold in your own wallet.
@_date: 2017-07-13 18:24:19
I'm reading the very simple to understand facts, which is what I was downvotes for originally. SegWit will have minimal impact on tx fees and transaction time. You can bury your head in the sand and spin it all you want, but this is a fact. The end.
I actually think SegWit will help in the long run and it's a good protocol to implement. It will have minimal effect on tx fees. The end. That's the only point I tried to make, and that point is factually correct and supported.
No more spin now please, watching you try to weasel your way around this is pathetic.


And he is exactly right, because like I said originally, the amount of data SegWit will actually save from blocks is small because it also adds data back to the blocks for this protocol (but less than it removes). This is not even a debate man, I am relaying facts to you. The end. You can choose your alternate reality to live in, but when August first comes and tx fees are the same and we still see full blocks in high volume times, I am sure you'll perform some more mental gymnastics to rationalize your completely false statements. Best of luck to you.


Seemingly the advice you're not listening to that Jeff is giving, making you the one selectively choosing what to see:


Grow up man.
@_date: 2017-07-11 16:28:18
You're reacting to a decision based on a few hours of market moves. Stop, you look like a panicked sheep.
It's going further down, look at the bear trends. There is an almost weekly dump cycle going on right now. Next Monday you'll thank yourself for selling off. I sold off late, about a week ago, and didn't take as much profit as I could have earlier. Lesson learned.
The market seems to be cyclical but we aren't back in bull territory yet. I don't think we'll see steady upturns again until mid August. It could go to the 1500s or lower in the meantime. 
And altcoins are going to be slaughtered.
@_date: 2017-07-12 00:54:32
From their [FAQ] (


Same as any commercial bank.








They have never happened to me and never will because I'M NOT FUCKING WITH DARK NET MARKETS WITH MY CURRENCY. Those fucking liars were. That or illegal gambling, take your choice. If you are in the US and you are using Bitcoin for money laundering or illegal activity you should be worried. If you aren't, you shouldn't. 
I've been doing it this way for years, paying my taxes, and never had any issues. But what the fuck do I know I guess. Lets trust those bullshit posts where critical details and holes in their story abound and regurgitate it as fact.
I've posted my personal experience and links to Coinbase FAQ. You got bullshit from anonymous reddit posts who you don't even recall or actually have direct communication with. I've done enough, you do what you want but don't give your idiotic advice out based on NONE OF YOUR OWN PERSONAL EXPERIENCES. As soon as you impart that regurgitated bullshit as advice to new or worried users you are a problem. 


This is the stupidest thing I have ever read though. Yeah, you can. I made no mention of foreign deposits to my account because it's my business. I've been banking with US Bank since I was 16 (14 years ago) and never had any issues. I wonder if they kept my response to that question as a 16 year old on file so they could use it as a bonding agreement when I started crypto trading a decade later. Listen to yourself man, you're literally making shit up as you go. I have no problem with you believing whatever nonsense you want to believe but don't peddle it around as solid advice. It's fucking bullshit.
@_date: 2017-07-06 16:59:31
Sorry I just wasn't sure so I wanted to be clear! I got in to mining a few months ago and saw your post and thought -- well, if only it was that simple, haha! Thanks man!
@_date: 2017-07-09 16:31:19
There is no such thing as transaction spam in Bitcoin when the normal fees are still being taken from the transaction. The end.
@_date: 2017-07-03 16:44:38
Read all the comments and you're absolutely right. It's not DoS it's just usage of the system. If this is a flawlessly then the system is flawed and needs a fix. This problem won't go away simply because it is malicious intent.   
@_date: 2017-07-06 16:24:02
You do know they are sold out and producing at maximum capacity right now correct? How do you propose all of a sudden we get AMD to start producing more GPUs.
I realize you were probably joking. But in case nobody else knows, GPU manufacturing is a tedious and time consuming process. There is a massive global shortage of GPUs from mining right now. Your proposal is completely nonsensical.
@_date: 2017-07-11 22:05:01
1) Coinbase USD wallet is FDIC insured. If you don't trust that then you don't trust any commercial bank.
2) While it does invoke short term capital gains, it doesn't mean your account gets closed. That is absurd and asinine. You can deposit whatever the heck you want to your account, just pay your taxes. I did since last year and it was fine.
3) That's more asinine than your  but you can just hold in your USD wallet on Coinbase and have instant transactions. So again, that makes no sense.
Maybe you're in Europe or somewhere else, but I've never had those problems or been worried about those problems. I'm all for constructive discussion but you need to come up with some actual basis in reality for your points. In the US, depositing money to your account isn't grounds for fucking closure.
I invite you to do whatever you want for whatever reasons you want, but the reasons you listed above do not have a basis in reality.
@_date: 2017-07-26 02:18:14
Exactly, so it's literally impossible to identify. There is no such thing as spam, they're all valid fee-paying transactions. And no miner owns owns more than 15% of hash power, so if someone is spending 100 BTC a day on fake transactions they are spending 85 bitcoins a day on sabotaging the biggest financial investment of hardware and space they have ever made.
Makes zero fucking sense homie.
@_date: 2017-07-25 14:09:19
Wow, you seem to be ignorant and rude.
Yes, people mine at a loss. China did it for over a year when MtGox happened. Most Bitcoin mining was happening in Europe and NA before MtGox but it stopped becoming profitable and a lot of people quit mining. This is when China started mining, mostly at a loss for about a year until it became profitable again. And now people complain about miner Centralization, hilariously enough. If it wasn't for people hashing at a loss Bitcoin would have died then.
I mined at break even and at a loss for months until ETH skyrocketed. Miners speculatively mine all the time. The hash power doesn't go away when markets downturn now does it? By your logic once prices fall beneath a certain point there is no more hashpower and the whole blockchain would fail to confirm transactions and be unsecure, yet that never seems to be the case now does it? 
Welcome to cryptocurrency, stop being a dick and get your facts straight, asshole. Economics... Yeah you need to take a few of those courses. Look up what current price vs future price is.   
@_date: 2017-07-13 04:41:54
Then why does this Core dev disagree with you?
 
He says SegWit will not speed up or reduce tx fees. Bigger blocks will. Do you disagree with him?
@_date: 2017-07-13 04:27:30
Had to come back and dig this up. Core devs disagree with you. Like I said, SegWit doesn't solve the scaling issue, bigger blocks will. Deal with it, it's called facts.
@_date: 2017-05-20 06:45:49
Ty, appreciate the insight.
@_date: 2017-07-09 17:46:43
Don't be a fucking prick. You're flat out wrong. If you think that is a problem then the entire blockchain SYSTEM is flawed. He doesn't get to selectively mine his own transactions. He pulls work just like the rest of the pools. If you think this is a problem then the whole system is DOA, so I expect you'll cash out now.
There is no such thing as spam, the end. These transactions are all legit and they are paying fees. The end. Miner centralization is a problem. Scaling is a problem. But this literally isn't a problem, transactions are the whole fucking point of a blockchain. Now go read up or go fuck yourself, asshole.   
@_date: 2017-07-14 14:10:29
This is about UASF not Jihan you complete dumbass
@_date: 2017-07-16 13:44:34
The last time mining went unprofitable and miners we're wiped out, Centralization in China happen. They were the only ones keeping Bitcoin  alive and mining at a loss for the most part. Really funny to watch you welcome the same scenario over again, but thinking the results will be different. Miners are going to come out ahead here, at least the big farms. Hard to argue with that when they invested the most in hardware and risked the most when everybody else bailed in panic.  
@_date: 2017-07-15 14:37:44
There actually is. Signalling can be a great indicator but it doesn't mean they'll follow through. Someone(s) could pull the rug out from under this and the forks could begin.
There is a lot of criminalization of miners around here, and I get it, but they are actually the most directly invested in this with hardware. They see Core devs fucking them over repeatedly and are probably tired of it. A simple 2mb block size increase, a few lines of code, has been impossible for them to get for 2 years because of a lot of made up FUD while it's the simplest scaling solution out there albeit not a permanent one. There was never a block size limit in Satoshis white paper.
SegWit is an architecture change to BTC and it's never had anything like this before. Couple that with the fact that Segwit2x isn't actually a block size increase, the hardfork 3 months after is, and the potential of reneging on the 2mb part by the devs is real.
Although Aug 1st might mostly be symbolic, the chances of splits in the future are more real than it's ever been.
I'm kind of a proponent of the simplest change, so I like the idea of bigger blocks even though I don't think SegWit is a bad idea either. The directly involved parties are too busy murdering each other in this propaganda civil war and the price will continue to crash in the meantime.
Segwit2x isn't reassuring. Even if it does go through August first the miners (most directly staked) and the devs (arguably easiest to financially control) absolutely hate each other. Agreeing to go forward is just papering over the cracks of the very realistic chance there is a chain split 
@_date: 2017-07-25 03:52:09
Interestingly enough though, they are almost equal in mining profitability right now and have been for a few weeks.
@_date: 2017-05-27 00:27:53
I sold and held. Threw a stupid amount of money in 3 weeks ago (way more than I should have) and ended up with my investment plus some profit and the equivalent of my original investment in the market still working.
@_date: 2017-06-15 17:30:51
!RemindMe 2 weeks
@_date: 2017-06-22 00:23:07
Yeah you're exactly right. There absolutely will be an effect. But this is the way I was looking at it:
These aren't real numbers, but I think the principle applies. Lets say SegWit saves 10% on blocksize. If the backlog of transactions are larger than the amount of time it saves, we wouldn't see any effect on transaction fees because the blocks are still 100% full 100% of the time.
Now if it saves 10% space but we're only 5% over on block size, lets just say they're now 95% full and you can pay whatever fee you want and still get in the block pretty much. My understanding of # of transactions right now is its way over the amount of space that SegWit could save, thus not having any real tangible effect (on just tx fees). I believe there are other benefits to SegWit, but I don't think it's going to be the big savior for tx fees.
This is just my understanding of it, and again the numbers are made up, but I think this is the principle that applies to this problem.
@_date: 2017-06-15 17:42:43
!RemindMe 8 weeks
@_date: 2017-06-21 23:58:15
But SegWit won't have much of an effect on tx fees, just FYI. It removes a bit of data from blocks but not enough to solve the current scaling problems. That's just a fact.
@_date: 2017-06-21 21:46:10
I don't get it. SegWit removes some data from the blocks but doesn't increase block size. The effects of SegWit specifically on tx fees are going to be minimal. 
@_date: 2017-06-16 16:16:23
Lol. TIL an entire market being propped up by Barry Shillbert, misinformation and no development plan is considered thriving.  
What part of it is thriving exactly? It has been outperformed by virtually every crypto in the market the past 5 months. The whole crypto market has been on a bull run, if you invested in any of the top 25 about 5 months ago you made gains. But you're singling out the smallest winner as thriving? Hilarious.   
@_date: 2017-06-02 06:19:19
Hah, lived in Raleigh a year ago. When I saw that picture I instantly thought it looked like Crabtree Valley mall but I was certain there weren't any Bitcoin ATMs in it. Very cool!