@_author: aznsacboi
@_date: 2013-12-20 00:28:34
I don't have $100k+ on my balance. But the point still stands- if you know that your wages won't support your means, why are you even trying to use a card? If you're in a tough financial position, doesn't it make you more fiscally aware? For example, budgeting every single expense you have? (I do that anyways, I keep every single receipt, my parents do the same thing.) Why are you trying to withdraw when you know that you don't have enough money? And if you don't know how much money you have, why are you not keeping track? My parents are wealthy, funnily enough, and at the end of each week, they sit at the dinner table, matching each deduction on their credit cards with their receipts. I think they both have millions, at a minimum. I would have imagined that the worse off you are financially, the tighter control you would have over your budget.
I'm not saying that you deserve a $35 fee if you let your account go under means. I think that after the first time, you'd be more motivated to make sure it doesn't happen again, you know?
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:22:56
it's done through businesses. That's all I want to say.
@_date: 2013-12-20 02:04:56
I did check, I'm with BoA, so unless my sender sent me the specified amount + exact transaction costs, I did not get this fee. 
Perhaps that person should put the child into a cheaper daycare program, look for help from family/friends, or even better yet, make better decisions before having a child. Why the hell are you enrolling your child into a child care program that you KNOW you can't afford? Most people with common sense know that the cost of living only goes higher as time passes. You make a mistake or misjudgment and you have consequences for it. If you really do need a short term loan, there's companies like Wonga you can use, instead of intentionally breaking your TOS with the bank, and then complaining about it. 
My budgeting point is important, because as your example shows, you're blaming banks because people cannot make good financial decisions. The world isn't here to hold your hand. It's easy to blame the banks, as you do, because no one wants to admit fault within themselves.
@_date: 2013-12-20 03:00:38
nope, they steal it to fight install what are basically puppet governments instead.
@_date: 2013-12-19 22:49:57


You can say that about literally any investment you make in the financial markets. 
Also, are there seriously that much trouble with banks for people? I've literally never had a single problem with a bank, and I'm not exactly a millionaire by any means. All the problems I have encountered as my own stupid fault (messing up a payment or transfer day, for example). If you're hitting that $35 fee so often that it's a problem, I think you need to look at yourself more than blaming the institution...
I don't make international questions too often, so I have a question. Can't you just get money wired into your personal account without fees? I've received 2 international wires, and I don't recall ever paying fees.
@_date: 2013-12-19 22:55:46
What does that mean?