@_author: azureturtle
@_date: 2013-05-05 01:00:05
I've been using them for a while, over 6 BTC paid out in total and I'm perfectly fine with it because they said that variance in the payouts are to be expected due to the difficulty increases. Especially with the ASIC miners coming into play, BFL shipping and all that. 
I agree that it's an issue of too rapid expansion but what can they really do about it? You still have that lag time of buying new hardware, shipping, assembly, installing and testing. The partnership with the data center was a good move due to purchasing power and skilled staff. EDIT: Spoke with support, the maintenance coming up is to install a few more GPU servers to tide things over until their orders of ASICs arrive. They have heard about the frustration and have taken steps to make necessary changes. 
Just remember, Bitcoin is just like any stock, if you don't diversify then there's no way to avoid risks like the boom at miningunited. Try some price movement trading, try BTC microloans, try shares of mining companies, try contributing to the economy by buying and selling items, etc.
@_date: 2013-05-05 18:30:55
Also remember that there was just a server maintenance to add in a few more rigs a few days back. All payouts around that time were delayed for two days to make sure everything runs smoothly. (this was displayed in a rather bad position imo, I spoke to support about it)
Support has always been more than happy to answer my questions and I suspect that many of the changes are due to my own feedback that I give them about positioning of information, rig orders, capacity, etc. I have mentioned that their growth is a bit unsustainable, clearly shown from the payout variances. I have suggested reducing the amount of packages they take in so they would be able to buffer out some of those variances. 
@_date: 2013-04-24 03:08:39
I did a deposit with Bitinstant today and had absolutely no problems. I did Walmart -&gt; bitcoin wallet for that particular exchange.
More often than not, poor service is also partially an issue of the user. If you don't give them enough information and do it through the proper channels then it bogs down the process. I would definitely make a note of the method that you used to try and fund your account with so others can avoid that particular method of funding until resolved. Different kinds of services has different lag time for completion.
What it sounds like is some sort of funding method involving a lag time on the payment processor who would be further influenced by lag time on whatever they use to obtain the BTC. Perhaps bank to exchange? Another thing to consider is going back through the transaction details and verify if all the addresses are correct. A friend of mine had an issue with MtGox due to a minor typo on the account address which had since been cleared up via support.
@_date: 2013-04-26 03:59:49
Ames/Des Moines here, mostly trading and accumulating coins to spend on businesses and promote the currency.
@_date: 2013-05-15 00:15:15
Deaf guy here
When I discuss this with my friends, I just use "BTC", "mBTC" and "uBTC", each letter signed individually. There has been some interest but it's pretty much the same level that you would expect from any other person.
Can't say for the blind though.
@_date: 2013-05-05 02:21:08
Yeah, the payouts should go back up and gain some bit of stability once they recover their hashing power as a percent of the network. It has dropped a bit due to those new miners joining the market.
@_date: 2013-05-13 03:07:51
I have already submitted BTCCheap to the betterbitcoinbureau. This site was created only five days ago, has no real identifying information of the owners. Reportedly attacked other sites in order to promote their own. This is a word for word copy of Miningunited.
@_date: 2013-04-26 23:57:43
It's actually working out fairly well. Though the definition of trading may be slightly overgeneralized for this case. I do quite a bit but my services aren't exactly advertised.
I follow the law of quarters for my investments:
25% towards Mt. Gox
25% towards cold storage for bitcoin purchasing services
25% towards buying things for supporting the currency
25% towards pool shares
The 25% in Mt. Gox is split up into 50% USD, 50% bitcoin
Four buy orders at $5 intervals from open, four sell orders at $10 intervals from open
The 25% in cold storage goes towards 25% long term loans, 25% short term loans, 25% towards short term wallet funding options, 25% as a variance buffer for demand.
I buy any random stuff, usually video games and neat trinkets.
Pool shares are split up into 25% miningunited, 25% asicminer, 25% buffer for demand, 25% mining reinvestment plan (buying my own mining rigs to produce with)
Having such a diversified portfolio really helps in keeping a large flow of money to best support the currency with.