@_author: b0ojah
@_date: 2016-05-23 06:46:09
Yeah that's right, anyone can hoard.  But if everyone hoarded there wouldn't even a price for bitcoin as there would be no sellers.  So I wouldn't call bitcoins valuable tokens - bitcoin doesn't have any intrinsic value, it only has value at the point where it is sold or spent. 
@_date: 2016-05-24 04:56:10
It's definitely not a simple relationship between the cost of bitcoin mining and the value of bitcoin. Yes if no one mines then bitcoin is worth nothing because a transaction cannot take place to give a bitcoin value. But if a transaction can take place it's the buyer and seller that set the price, not the miner. 
Keep in mind a miner is rewarded with both a specified number of bitcoins (soon to be halved) and transaction fees (unlimited) per block. If the miners do not make profit from the bitcoin reward even after halving, they will simply up the transaction fees to ensure that they remain profitable. 
@_date: 2016-05-23 02:37:20
The number of bitcoins per block is fixed according to a schedule, but transaction fees aren't.  Transactions fees are designed to compensate miners where the bitcoin reward per block may be insufficient financial incentive in itself for participation in mining.
@_date: 2016-05-12 04:46:43
On this awareness point, while I appreciate the problems with software patents, I think forking out AsicBoost would set a concerning precedent for the future.  This means that indicating publicly that an invention is patent-pending is significantly detrimental -- inventors may not indicate this going forward.  Forking may not necessarily discourage inventors from seeking patents, it may merely discourage inventors from disclosing patent applications to the wider bitcoin community.  As a result, the relevant invention (particularly if it is an algorithm) could potentially end up in the code without anyone aware that there is a patent protecting it. 
As a side point, an alternative scenario is that this course of action may also hinder sharing information if the information relates to a patent application.  Normally this would be done, and probably encouraged, after the point when the patent is filed.  
Neither of these outcomes seem to be great for bitcoin as a whole.
@_date: 2016-05-23 06:32:33
I would not conflate mining with supply. Mining does increase the bitcoins in circulation but it may not affect bitcoin supply at all - miners may horde all their bitcoin and never spend it.  For the purposes of determining a price for bitcoin, the only relevant supply is the bitcoin are being sold or spent.  This is matched against the demand for bitcoin being bought.  If supply outstrips demand, the price falls and vice versa.  