@_author: b1daly
@_date: 2018-01-21 08:13:06
It’s hard for exchanges in the US to comply with fincen regulation, nevermind have banking relationships that would allow these sorts of money flows.
Tether lets them offer trading pairs nominally denominated in USD. Not hard to understand.
I doubt that most of the tether the exchanges hold are their own funds. They’re just storing it for the tether bagholders.
@_date: 2018-01-21 06:39:09
So your contention is that everyday, for the last four days, entities moved $100m from their accounts, somehow, into Tether’s accounts? Wire transfer? And they do this because they want to buy altcoins on another exchange, presumably because Bitfinex doesn’t trade those coins?
I’m really trying to understand your thinking here, because what I’ve described is outlandish. I just can’t believe there are enough rich people/funds who be dumping huge amounts of cash to buy altcoins. 
The one use I do see for a system like this is money laundering. Trade cash for tether, move tether to another exchange, buy crypto there, move crypto back to bitfinex. And cash out of Bitfinex. A kind of DIY tumbler.
@_date: 2017-12-19 14:11:28
How does that work at 1000 transactions/sec? It seems like you would have race conditions, and inconsistent state across the network?
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:15:39
If this was true, why are so many people using exchanges, and suffering with absurdly horrible customer experiences? Do you see the contradiction in your thesis?
@_date: 2019-06-03 12:36:08
He seems to be constitutionally incapable of understanding that he actually committed the crimes for which he is imprisoned.
He is clearly an amoral individual, and even though he is definitely being made an example of, I’m glad such an evil person is not running free.
@_date: 2019-06-03 21:53:13
Uh, no. Running an international drug market, in violation of countless laws, and profiting off a black market trade that is rooted in violence is evil in my book. 
You might think that’s perfectly legit. People have different moral standards. 
I think sucking fetal tissue from a pregnant woman to end an unwanted pregnancy is a humane act, if not one to be undertaken with care. Others see it as cold blooded murder. 
Ross’s crimes were not of necessity. He consistently behaved as if his own desires were more important than the negative consequences that fell on other people from them. 
Only a pathological narcissist could fail to understand that engaging in a massive criminal conspiracy, a sustained operation that transcended and trampled upon the laws of virtually every nation in the world is not an act of evil. 
If he was really some kind of committed humanitarian, he could have volunteered to work for his local needle exchange program or something.
@_date: 2017-11-16 11:22:46
Andreas is a good speaker, and strikes me as a nice, sincere person. But arguments defy simple logic.
The major logical problem is so simple, that it’s hard to believe he is not being disingenuous.
The core of his argument seems to be that since on chain scaling via a block size increase to 2 or 4 mb won’t even support an order of magnitude increase in capacity, there is no reason to increase the block size. That’s a false dichotomy.
It’s especially disingenuous because none of the scaling solutions he mentions can possibly work with the current capacity of the bitcoin network.
At global scale, the core network is going to need more capacity, and as far as I know, almost all developers have acknowledged this.
The question is, what is the reason for core holding out against making a simple code change, while being willing to implement far more complex updates.
At this point, the network has already hard forked, contentiously, which is exacerbating the problems with long wait times and high fees.
I haven’t heard any technical argument that makes sense. The most compelling argument seems to be that deliberately allowing the network to hit capacity limits will cause some kind of social pressure. On the devs themselves. Do they have problems motivating themselves to code? Hardly!
Maybe the pressure is intended to pressure adoption of segwit?
In any case, if what AA says is true, a modest increase in block size won’t relieve pressure for long anyway.
As far as centralization (of mining)!goes, I’ve only seen a handful of attempts to quantify its relationship to block size, and the estimates indicated a modest correlation.
Yes there is some risk, but the risk of big problems that was always present in keeping block size at 1mb is now actualizing.
AA also has yet to fess up to how badly he misrepresented Bitcoin as being an affordable, fast, method of transacting, that would enable anyone to transact. 
I’m expecting downvotes, but I would love to hear some reasoned responses to the arguments I have attempted to sketch out here, either pro or con.
@_date: 2017-11-20 06:52:54
The effect of such an occurrence, Tether values drop to zero, is unpredictable, because the bitcoin/crypto markets involve feedback loops, the behavior of millions of individuals, and the ephemeral notion of market sentiment.
You can see some very serious consequences right off the bat though, which would probably undercut market confidence, and liquidity, dramatically. Aside from the direct losses off anyone holding tethers, one of the biggest problems would be the overall loss of liquidity that USDT enabled. A lot of trading that had been happening would simply stop, because traders wouldn't be able to move in and out of USD(T) as readily. It seems likely that exchanges that lacked access to dollar based banking would go belly up, almost immediately. On such an exchange, like Bitfinex, what would power the trades?
Exchanges serve two main functions: providing liquidity and a platform for trading, and providing an on/off ramp to the fiat based monetary system. Without this second function, even if the first function could be fulfilled, using for example, another crypto currency as the medium for trading, it seems obvious to me that the interest in speculative trading in, for example, eth:btc is going to be tiny in comparison to usd:btc.
Such an exchange would see a massive "rush to the exit" as people tried to get bitcoin off the exchange. Some have speculated this would lead to an increase in btc price, at least on that exchange, as demand would rise from people wanting to get in to it to get off the exchange. This would only be true if the number of people holding fiat balances was significantly higher than those holding Tether balances, and direct fiat withdrawals were closed.
In effect, my prediction would be that usdt would drop to zero value quickly. Holders of those would be wiped out. There would be an exodus of funds by any method possible by many account holders. Assuming the exchange was solvent, and their trading systems could hold up, it's possible the exchange could survive in a drastically smaller form.
If the exchange themselves held significant balances in isn't, this could put them into a position of insolvency, and they would hopefully process all withdrawals they could, then close.
You would now be left with more crypto holders, with fewer places to trade, and cash in/out, along with what would likely be a dramatic loss in market confidence, along with a dramatic reduction in trading activity. This strikes me as a very bearish scenario for the crypto markets.
Just some arm chair analysis for ya:)
@_date: 2017-11-25 23:21:21
That’s true, and AA did not specifically comment on the current issue of block size. (Meaning he didn’t come out explicitly in support of core.) 
By he didn’t address directly the context of the current debate. There is obviously a camp that wants to increase blocksize now, and by not addressing this, I interpreted it as him implying that the “big blockers” are misguided.
He also ignored the problem that a block size increase would relieve current congestion, allowing more utility immediately, and that it will almost certainly need to be increased at some point. When, and how much, are important questions to consider when it comes to scaling.
@_date: 2018-11-21 06:57:00
The CTFC has regulated BTC as a commodity, which essentially kills the possibility of using as currency. You are required to keep track of profit and loss every time you make a transaction. This adds a level of bookkeeping that is just not practical for daily currency use. 
@_date: 2018-11-21 07:07:54
In addition to all the other issue, BTC is a commodity for tax purposes, which makes it almost useless as a payment system. You have to keep track of profit/loss on every transaction, which adds a level of complexity that is impractical. I’m mentioning this, because I’m surprised to not see it discussed, and wonder what people are thinking. 
I’m generally anti-bitcoin for environmental waste reasons, so I would prefer less use anyway (less mining actually. ) But only recently started thinking about this. 
It’s kind of a weird gray area , because SEC has also exempted BTC from some securities regulation on the grounds that it’s a currency. CFTC regulates as commodity. That strikes me as very strange. 
This will also have implications even if the wasteful aspects of POW are mitigated (by off chain transaction for example. ) 
To my mind, these regulatory conflicts and ambiguities would need to be resolved for any cryptocurrency to actually be used in any significant capacity as a (legal) currency. 
Dark net transactions will probably remain a viable domain for cryptocurrency transactions. 
@_date: 2019-05-24 01:27:33
There is no possible way bitcoin could handle the nominal of any significant percentage of world trade. 
To get anywhere close to this, the nominal value of a single bitcoin would have to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars. That would raise the value of the block reward to astonishing levels, and would require that mining costs would have to rise to accommodate. 
In addition to wasting obscene amounts of electricity, the congestion in the blockchain would raise fee levels far beyond what would make a bitcoin transaction action feasible for any everyday transaction. This would squeeze out all smaller transactions, including those required to open a lighting network channel. 
The trust-less nature of bitcoin makes it an inherently expensive currency to transact with. 
Settlements between large economic entities is not an area where there is need for trust-less transactions. Trust based systems, whatever there shortcomings, are far more cost effective in a system with large entities making large payments between each other.
@_date: 2018-12-07 21:40:03
There’s a big difference between 200&gt;1000 vs 2000&gt;10000. It requires 10x new capital to drive same percentage increase. 
This is exponential growth is not maintainable in real world systems. 
@_date: 2018-12-08 23:36:54
Nobody knows when a speculative bubble will form or when it will pop. Someone commented the other day that a bubble won't reflate until everyone thinks it will never happen again, letting price drop to the bottom.  
@_date: 2019-05-24 23:23:58
For the next few decades, mining costs will rise. This is because the block reward ensures that the incentives to expend mining resources will be proportional to the nominal value of the bitcoin. (If bitcoin price is high, which it must be to support a large value of transactions, miners will be incentivized to burn more resources to obtain the block reward).
Likewise, as the dollar value of transactions increases, the proportional cost of the miner transaction fee is smaller. If you are sending $1m worth of bitcoins, you will not have an issue paying $1000 to ensure prompt inclusion in a block. As the total economic activity increases on the blockchain increases, blocks will get to a point will they will be full all of the time. This will cause increased competition in the fee marker. 
Even though 2nd layer solutions can remove some transactions from the blockchain, they still require proportion of onchain activity to maintain the system. Lighting transactions will also not be suited to large value transactions, due to the excessive liquidity costs (finding a route for $1m lightning payment will be expensive, if even doable, as anyone maintaining channels with that kind of liquidity will need to be compensated for the capital cost).
This all means that as long as the bitcoin system remains with a fixed money supply, it will not be suitable to handle any significant proportion of world economic activity, whether as a backbone or as a retail payment system.