@_author: b24t
@_date: 2018-05-19 15:16:21
I know, this is why I am so shocked they are asking such specific questions. 
It would have been fine if they had told me that I need to keep a precise record of all my transactions. I could have done that easily. But I didn't. 
I wish I had just ignored the form. It seems like a scheme without teeth for the time being. 
@_date: 2018-05-19 15:14:36
I must admit, in their defense, that they have been quick to respond to all my queries. This does not change that the utter lack of transparency in this process is unacceptable. 
They don't tell you what the consequences of not providing the information are. They don't tell you how long you have to submit the information. They don't tell you what other information might be needed. Like, that's just silly. 
I've moved all my funds and given them one more chance to respond. After that they've lost one (insignificant) customer who won't even begin to make a dent in their margins lol
@_date: 2018-05-18 18:00:10
Bitstamp is starting to ask some pretty spooky questions. I only recently filled in the KYC questionnaire.
I have been a loyal customer of theirs for years. Suddenly the KYC questionnaire pops up and I'm thinking "fine, I'll fill that in, too". This is bearing in mind I am fully verified. They have my passport, proof of address. You would think that would be enough.
Then they suddenly ask where my bitcoin originate \(mining\), how I heard about bitcoin, how much I am planning to withdraw, how I am planning to use my bitcoin. 
So I'm still thinking "fine, I understand they are getting regulated up the wazoo and need to cover their asses against money laundering". I tried my best to answer accurately, but honestly, it was mostly guess work.
But that wasn't enough either. Now they are asking for proof of purchase of my mining equipment. Like, what? 
So I resisted a bit and asked them if they can at least promise me that it will be enough information once I provide them an invoice for the miner \(no idea if I will even find it\). I also asked them what the consequences are, if I do not provide the information. They just ignored that question in their next communication.
Along with their messages, they keep saying "you are welcome to provide additional \[insert ridiculously private and personal information about wallets and transactions\] and any other information" without specifying exactly what they need and how much of it. So I just simply won't know when this process ends? That is nuts! Nobody has ever asked this much information of me in such a bizarre manner.
ON TOP OF THAT they have now asked me to 'elaborate' on 3 extremely specific transactions I made. To specific addresses. 
Like, how on earth am I supposed to know what that was for? I interact with the bitcoin ecosystem everywhere, like, some random number strings on blockchain don't tell me why I made some random transaction and it's not like I keep a spreadsheet with them in it.
This is extremely worrying and I will immediately move all my funds out of Bitstamp. After this many years of loyalty it seems that I need to find a new home for my Bitcoin trading. This is extremely disappointing.
Has this happened to anyone else?
@_date: 2018-05-19 15:15:31
Nah, I've successfully moved all my funds out of the account now. I am not risking any further correspondence while they have me by the danglies.
Thank you though, you can never be sure enough!
@_date: 2018-05-19 15:16:52
Nope it's in their support system. I have moved all my funds out of the account regardless. I have gone through passport applications requiring less information lol
@_date: 2018-05-19 15:17:03
Thanks for the tip, I will!