@_author: b_f_
@_date: 2019-05-23 00:30:39


I'm using it, and some other alts, more often than btc. The point was to allow larger blocks when and if required. Several larger block were already [produced]( Both forks' development philosophies are experimental and need to be confirmed in practice under real-world stress. All of this tech is still unprecedented territory and every objective observation is still news. This will remain so up to the point where more than several hundred million people use a single chain daily. Both may crack long before that.


It's not FUD. It's just an educated thought excercise and thus a form of critical (biased?) contribution. It may or may not turn out to be an actual problem in the future. If detected in real world use in future, then it will probably be addressed. Everyone, educated or not, is just more or less accurately guessing potential future hiccups at the moment. Such tech issues, if they arise, are usually resolved by a protocol upgrade.
@_date: 2019-05-23 11:24:46


There is no such thing in engineering as getting it right for future problems that are rooted in politics, weather, and general mood, etc. Coding for such scenarios means backstabbing yourself 99% of the time. You'll see people in IT analytics doing thought excercises for years before a single line of code is written, but even that may land you neck-deep in trouble when use-cases suddenly change because of, well weather and mood of your customers. Therefore, many people in alt community are being helpful by providing a form of constructive criticism for btc, yet the public makes a war out of it, since most lack the technical skill to make a correct educated conclusion out of it. It's amazing there are only 100+ forks of bitcoin. Knowing programmers, most are FOMO-ing hard to have their own copy of source and playing around with it simply to learn about it in-depth, as a hobby. Then, some of those may actually serve as a fallback, if things go wrong for whatever reason in btc, which also reflects current sentiment in not-this-sub. I expect state actors to enforce some level of identity management (businesses) and address/wallet whitelisting with taxman, it is simply naive to believe they won't try. But that can easily be done on top of btc (signing, proofs). There is absolutely no need to upgrade protocol to gain such features.