@_author: b_stern
@_date: 2014-06-28 09:18:20
Not quite. The certificate still needs a valid chain rooted originated from an already trusted certificate authority. SSL pinning, which I'm advising that they implement, would only accept a valid certificate from a specific certificate authority. Currently the app requires a valid certificate but it will accept it from any trusted certificate authority on the device.
@_date: 2014-06-28 09:10:20
Challenge accepted, I'll try to find some time to whip something up soon. Also I'll put together a gist of how to implement SSL pinning in Android apps. It can be done in about 10 lines of Java if IIRC.
As for the installed CAs, stock Android comes with &gt;100 different CAs pre-installed. Throw in all the different variants from players like Samsung to weird vendors in India to crazy ROMS, and you really have no idea what set of CAs are on the device.
@_date: 2014-06-27 23:50:42
Hey Ryan,
Good to hear from you again. I don't mean any harm posting this, but I am frustrated that some security fixes that might require maybe 20 dev hours to implement and is allegedly on the roadmap 3 months ago has not yet been addressed.


I disagree, if another already installed CA authority, let's call them "LameSign", doesn't manage their certificates correctly, then an attacker could present an SSL cert signed by "LameSign" and not need physical access. Almost every banking app, enterprise-grade app, and even major social media apps I have used implement SSL pinning.
As for the client_id and client_secret, sure they shouldn't be the only line of defense, but they should not be so readily available. They are used to sign your API requests and provide an additional level of security if SSL has been defeated.
@_date: 2014-06-28 09:33:33
I think you missed the part where I explained that it requires only one compromised CA, of the &gt;100 installed on most Android devices, to break their SSL security. Physical access is not necessarily required.
I'm not trying to screw anyone over and if I was solely seeking money, neither the $100 bounty nor the $1000 bounty would be more profitable windfall than how I could have chosen to spend that time. Because of the irreversible nature of bitcoin transactions, I believe Coinbase needs to hold itself to an even higher standard than  existing online transaction services.