@_author: baapindia
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:19:36
While this does seem like an interesting theory on the surface we need to understand that cme futures will be cash settled...at a high level what this means is it's a bet between two traders on the price of bitcoin..so it shouldn't have a direct impact on the demand of bit coin... correct me if I'm missing something...
More on this in this quora answer...
@_date: 2018-02-06 13:23:29
The difference is in ur case you need to use that money to buy bitcoin...in tethers case that money can stay in the bank account while they print an equivalent amount of tether and use that to buy bit coin... Bitcoin could go to zero but they would still have all the bank loan intact...see the difference?
In essence you can afford to borrow a lot more (2 billion n counting) when you know you cannot default....
@_date: 2018-02-06 13:52:48
Well heres where subtlety comes into play, if you wanted to redeem Tether for Dollars you cant go to the tether corporation and ask them to give you the dollars because they dont have any banking partners. They "claim" to have specialised banking for "special" clients (technically its only these first hand buyers who are in any position to sue tether- but who exactly these first hand buyers are no one knows).... So if there isnt a way for you to initiate a withdrawal request then technically they arent refusing to pay you back and since you havent directly purchased Tether by opening an account with them this isnt an all out fraud. 
Bottom line being that the harder it is to pin them legally for wrong doing the longer they can continue using the financial leverage tether gives them to continue manipulating the market.
@_date: 2018-02-15 13:39:05
Is it just me or does the guy sound way too unsharp for a billionaire :)
@_date: 2018-02-20 12:46:44
Bitfinex/Tether are supposed to have their banking partners in Poland right? Possible connections?
@_date: 2018-02-16 03:00:19
Heres the link by the Indian government asking for suggestions on what the government should do with crypto currencies(backed by reasoning). There are only 3K comments right now- if each one of you takes out time to write a line or two on why Crypto should be legalised/only observed it would really help. 
The committee will come out with its proposal by the end of this month.
From what I can see you can create an account with just an email id(mobile num not mandatory)...
Use Indian Names when you register....
The crypto community in india is very fragmented so I am not sure if enough ppl here know about this and those who do might not want to come out in the open as crypto users.
But if each one of you here takes time to spread the word and do your part in petitioning then the government would seriously reconsider banning crypto.
Cheers!