@_author: baby_stabs
@_date: 2017-02-07 05:03:59
Maybe you should just type jimmajamma jimmajamma etc. from here on. It would be about the same.
@_date: 2017-02-07 16:44:48
There you go again with your notions of a masterclass of Thrump voters, superior in intellect and pureness of values and free market ideals. Haha! Not too many of those. Mainly just a buncha older white people who were manipulated by Facebook news to hate the nasty woman candidate. And the hicks from the South and Midwest, and bros from the shores, who got caught up in the reality-TV aspect of the gameshow election and picked a candidate who they thought was funny because he shit-talked more. A troll president. A stinking, vile carapace of rotten greed and contemptuous disrespect. A slimy, shimmering example of America's backside, now leading the way ass first to shit on everything ahead. 
Good luck with your fucked up mentality, I'm sure you'll be able to close your eyes and cling onto it for at least some years to come now.
@_date: 2017-02-09 16:15:20
When the KKK goes marching to Washington, of course they are protected by freedom of expression, even though they are, in fact, a terrorist group. The urge to strike, as a response, becomes extremely strong. Is it ok for them to speak? In a way it has to be. But then is it ok for radical Islamists to make and distribute propaganda videos to be used for recruitment? Nobody wants any more of that. When, hateful, bigoted political or religious speech is used, it is going to incite some violence any which way. 
Ultimately, I think debate and discourse are more effective tools at discouraging and overriding these negative modes of thought, but I'm not surprised a few people get bonked on the head along the way. 
@_date: 2017-02-07 06:43:28
Confidential info is important to stay confidential until it is hacked to serve your master's purposes. Then everybody should see it, right?!
There are degrees of corruption, and charges of it used like cheap game tactics for campaign purposes.
Deductive logic; modal logic; mathematical logic; philosophical logic; computational logic; trumpers logic; false logic. Many types of logic. Some, logically, closer to sane reality.
Leave the state. Go to Cow Hampshire see how well it's working there. Although Prez Bannon and Boy Frumph might make that point moot by inciting more war soon.
@_date: 2017-02-07 05:18:07
Gurl, the fuck is wrong wit u?!
@_date: 2017-02-07 03:38:04
You're so strong and pure. Standing proudly in a sea of discontent with your golden ideals, and hair, and superior thinking capacity. It's the maverick bull spirit in you that made you cast away the chains of public school education, and follow the higher path of internet enlightenment. Lucky, because for you it lifted you up out of the vast masses of sad, weak people of uniform opinion that chant "Bernie..." and instead into the strong, reason-oriented group of people (each complete with one gay, Mexican, and Muslim friend) who can THINK and thus happily, and not mindlessly, hail "TRUMP!"
You and Betsy DeVos are the modern day Joan d'Arcs. May your sacrifice of watery eyes bring victory to the white nation, I mean western civilizations (with some gay, Mexican, and Muslim people sprinkled in) and disrupt the fake currency of the mastermind liberal politicians and media.
@_date: 2017-02-07 08:01:21
Limited to the the number of real genders? The hell u talkin bout? Are there words missing? What thought are you trying to articulate here? I'm not in on your private world of jokes.
@_date: 2017-02-08 15:44:08
Well, when there is a deep history of violence, oppression, and discrimination against certain races, yes those social factors come into play when considering the motivation for aggression against them. It's part and parcel.
If the media reports on crime, it is often what the police department releases to them. Sometimes the opinion of witnesses. If its an opinion piece, say in The Times, well there's gonna be an opinion in there. "Hate crime" may or may not be assigned, either officially or unofficially, depending. 
Cable news can a whole different beast unfortunately. If everybody unplugged their cable box I think the country would be slightly better off. 
@_date: 2017-02-07 05:07:38
Maybe a padded room too. Less danger, might live longer!
@_date: 2017-02-07 05:00:59
But the token race card was used right off the bat by blondie. Remember her Mexican friend and Asian cousin? Haha! So she's totally cool.
@_date: 2017-02-08 15:44:23
What it also comes down to is what Prez Fuckface represents, which is hate, fear, and white empowerment. There has not been a president with those explicit views since Woodrow, who, in his defense, helped end the worst war in his history and created the foundation for a powerful worldwide diplomatic peace-keeping force. Prez Rump, in contrast, is essentially trying to undo NATO and, with his extreme Christian terrorist sympathizer buddy Bannon, create a goddamn holy war.
I realize terms like Naziism, fascism, and phrases such as hate-begets-hate are quickly becoming worn-out tropes, partly due to rampant misuse and overuse, especially on social media. But those do seem to fit the bill. So when somebody fights hate with aggression against a movement that at its core represents White Christian Nation ideals, even though hate-on-hate may be self-defeating, the lines around the hate-crime model dissolve slightly.
@_date: 2017-02-07 04:48:31
Try it sometime, you hack. 
@_date: 2017-02-07 07:37:35
Yes we should all reenact 1789 - 1797 everyday again. That's when things were really good. Nay, great! That should be law. Hide all the extra people. Have our ideal little tobacco farms and textile mills, and trading ships, and have peaceful thanksgivings with them Indians. And free labor, er, for a free market! Freedom! Happiness! 
That ain't gonna happen. And now we're all paying for it, potentially having our civic and civil rights infringed upon, and our pursuit of happiness crushed by a regressive, empty-headed, maniacal man-child.
I do write a check for the gov't exerting force on my behalf. Taxes. I would expect that to check to help its citizens in a wide range of ways, education being one of them. 
What you say and what you imply are related things. In your free-market fantasy, somehow everybody is better off by being more competitive and more self-serving. 
Talking of mental illness, Thumps twitter account is a tour-de-force of it. The masses that slurp up his sick slop are a disgusting example of weak mindedness. I guess you're learning from Daddy Dumph that, even if your a shithead, publicity helps to highlight your self-important twitter mantras.
I say this to you loudly, be a woman! You cunt!
@_date: 2017-02-07 05:40:08
*Try making a cogent point that ignores skin color or retreat to your safe space with the rest of the toddlers.*
Tell that to Twump.
@_date: 2017-02-07 08:21:16
Perhaps your clarity in expressing your ideas is diminishing as well. You may know what you're grasping at, but your audience doesn't. Goddamn why am i your audience?! Bedtime for this guy.
That thing about my neighbor writing a check, well, yea, that's what I  want. We all put into the pool, and pick non-morons or greedy pricks to oversee it.
Before I go, democracy in capitalism and free markets are not the same nor are they mutually exclusive. Capitalism does fine with caps and restrictions placed on it, and laws to guide it. That's the democracy part. It's how I have that iPhone, and car, an a bicycle. I can even feed myself! Competition and cooperation for sellable goods, yes, but not for intangible goods like education, or even basic healthcare. And not rampant free markets. That is actually how monopolies form, consumer fraud escalates, excess waste and pollution accrue, wealth divisions grow wider, and as a whole the society suffers and degrades.
I'm glad I've been able to provide you with a firm hand from below. Good night. Blonde twat.
@_date: 2017-02-07 08:23:24
Flexing my cock. Splurt.
@_date: 2017-02-07 04:57:38
Y'know, things do start to make sense when you plant your head far up your own ass. Up is down, backwards is forwards, ineptitude is efficiency, regression is progress. Things must look great down there!
@_date: 2017-02-07 06:24:50
Do you just tell yourself things and accept them to be true? I know everybody here thinks they're a deep thinker, but, you know, they're probably stroking (or plugging) themselves.
Short shallow answers to other short shallow answers:
"Paying" for other's actions is called a democratic society.
People gonna procreate. Sex education and family planning (planned parenthood) help. Kids need to be educated. All of them.
Access to education from early age and fair wages tend to help everybody. High tide raises all boats.
Free market creates bubbles. It's been happening for a while.
Banks provide loans. Gov't provides grants. More college seekers equals less competition equals more tuition in free market. That's the basic theory. 
Gov't provides structure. Ideally in a fair way. Provides support in some areas, and restraint in others. In all fairness, "fairness," being an idea inherently subjective, gets twisted every which way.
Wouldn't things be better if the free market made everybody a winner? 
Wouldn't things be better if your fairyland were a reality? Sure why not.
Or things might be better if profit-driven colleges were instead driven by quality and open access.
Let your parents know when you're ready to go back to high school.
@_date: 2017-02-07 04:45:45
And a helmet. You and blondie might need that in life.
@_date: 2017-02-07 07:54:27
I'm sure that would have gone down well...
And what's with qualifying what you say with "former Marine?" What does that have to do with anything? Is it throat-punching perhaps? If I say, "as a man, I like apples in the evening," does one have to do with the other? Not really. 
This might make your blood boil. You might think I'm against vets, or unpatriotic. Not so. But not every sentence, or introduction, needs to start with "I'm a veteran..."
@_date: 2017-02-09 17:36:54
Anyway, whether or not this would be instantly labeled a hate crime by a left majority if it were a person of asian, hispanic, middle eastern, native american or african descent is pure speculation. I mean, the Trump party has and continues to single out racial backgrounds in a discriminatory way. And a part of his support is explicitly pro-white, so it wouldn't be stretch to consider an attack against an anti-Trumper of ethnic background to be racially motivated.
In this case, I think the people with the pepper spray and clubs would have gladly taken their anger out on anyone wearing a red hat. Just so happens the Trumpers are a very white-majority party. 
Also, the labelling of major media outlets as leftist mainstream propaganda has been slowly cultivated by alt and far-right (Tea party, Koch bros, etc.) extremists for quite some time now. It's simple name-calling in an attempt to discredit real journalism. I'm surprised it has even gotten as much traction as it has on the right. Keep in mind, there are radical leftists who harbor equally extreme views on major media. Some of it is warranted, especially against the cable news networks who can produce a lot of dribble. They tend to fill time with speculative headlines and possible stories to keep people watching. That is a real problem.
@_date: 2017-02-10 04:16:00
I used simple examples to make a clear point. I really do think the majority of America is either racist or has not come to terms with racial inequality. And 30,000 deaths a year from drone strikes is not even plausible. The number may be as high 9000 since the drone program started in 2001.
Bah! This is getting ridiculous. Im not gonna debate death toll numbers, the flaws of the Obama administration or whether or not Hillary was always pro-gay marriage. That's neither here nor there. 
Getting back to your point about hate crimes, MY point was when you have a group of people who represent hate, White Christain supremacy, and fear-mongering, it’s not so easy to turn the tables and call foul. The Trump movement is unique, and it signifies to the world what America is really about: blatant greed, anti-intellectualism, mass discrimination, semi-totalitarianism, a twisted cult of celebrity, and a culture of ME. Hence, for people that see the problem in that, it’s going to spark some strong emotions. Personally, I do believe there is something wrong with Trumpers. Trump himself is a vile creature, but the people that support him I find equally, if not more revolting. His presidency is a symptom of a long-festering sickness in this country, and it's having a nasty flare-up.
Now on to 1st Amendment talk. First off, let’s agree these minor attacks were ill-conceived. Most people here in the Bay don't like these types of crowd opportunists. Or we can call them delinquents. They show up to protests and street celebrations (like the World Series) to smash and burn things. They solved nothing. Instead,  provided the Trumpers some bruised-up martyrs and Milo whats-his-name a boost in publicity. But while I believe in peaceful protest, let’s not fool ourselves in thinking that we all live by our own absolutist principles. When a bunch of obnoxious assholes show up in Berkeley wearing those stupid fucking red hats to rally on an incendiary speech given by a complete pus-dribbling cunt, some push-back will occur. 
Also, realize there was no censoring of free of speech whatsoever. Only reactions to a known shit-talker. The 1st amendment is made to protect people and the press from the government (on a side note, so far, Trump has shown himself to be a total enemy of 1A). You may have noticed there is no free speech in private businesses and institutions, and rabble-rousing in general society is usually discouraged. This is because it starts fights. 1A does not guarantee against a fist in the face between citizens. That's up to the discretion of both parties.
@_date: 2017-02-08 15:46:42
I don't think reporters would be fired for asking questions. But if they answer their own questions in an especially discriminating way, then yea, network depending, they could feel some backlash.