@_author: babysnakecereal
@_date: 2014-02-19 13:11:04
The first weakness of Indonesian exchanger is live support. I found this really essential. 
here is one : 
January 22.
me : Maaf sebelumnya, benar dengan cs tuker.in?
them : bisa dibantu mas
me : Tentang withdrawal dan penukaran rp ke btc, butuh waktu berapa lama? Dan bagaimana sistem dalam situs anda bekerja?
Saya sedikit banyak tahu (walaupun belum secara langsung) bahwa withdrawal dan exchange di mtgox dan bitstamp membutuhkan waktu yang sangat lama dalam validasi dan pengiriman. Seberapa berbeda situs exchanger tersebut dengan situs anda?
January 23
them : Tergantung jumlah bitcoin
I really expect some professionalism from them. Waiting an hour if they going to add some more reply. But thats it, they answered it so lightly with nonsense answer. They could just answer with "our stock is limited so we need time to add more as how much you asked first" or something like that. It wasn't one-sentence question to begin with, and the answer really pissed me that i swear to God i will never use their service.
Second, transparency. As how [bitcoin.co.id]( did, they put their ready stock bitcoin amount on their website. Long time ago there was an exchanger for LibertyReserve from Bandung city. They put their ready stock USD and IDR on the website. I was thinking to contact first before using their service. But i refreshed the page and both ready stock amount already changed. That was my first deposit to LR and i dont even think twice to use their service. 
Well, thats how my view. To support Bitcoin and growth of the user in Indonesia, i do think that first sight matter.
edit : formatting
@_date: 2014-01-23 06:56:52
they shouldn't
@_date: 2014-02-19 14:04:54
it was a conversation with [Tuker in]( CS, please read. i apologize but i wasnt trying to point anything to your exchanger but couple things to make yours better.
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:40:19
google trust it. google never lie.
@_date: 2014-01-24 10:03:03
this is the original news : nasional.kontan.co.id/news/bi-pemakaian-bitcoin-melanggar-undang-undang
i agree with the comment on that page.
first, government said only Rupiah(indonesian currency) allowed to be used as a transaction currency in infonesia. but on major international tourism spot (like Bali) usd is used as a common transaction currency.
second, the government doubting the security of Bitcoin. we talking about private key and 256bit SHA-2, i guess the government not research enough of this and they claim that Bitcoin system is fragile as (maybe) web programming (hacking government's web is happen quiet often in Indonesia).
as an Indonesian the statement of the deputy Governor of BankIndonesia just an absolute shame.
meanwhile, Bitcoin is top 10 on google based Indonesian search : nasional.kontan.co.id/news/10-informasi-terpopuler-versi-google-indonesia-1