@_author: baby_vegeta
@_date: 2018-04-30 20:06:28
I just received an update. I received an email that from Coinbase that states, "Overstock.com just sent you 0.06XXXXXX BTC. Your transferred currency is available immediately, and you can view transaction details in your Coinbase account. "
The thing that bothers me is, I sent this via my Trezor, and I haven't done a SINGLE transaction on Coinbase. I'm an American living in UK, and it has caused me issues trying to purchase on their. Overall, I lost $2 from transfer fees (not too bad).
However, sending it to a Coinbase account that has the purchaser name on it is a terrible idea; this is the only reasoning I can think for finding my account. It has been at least 4 months since I have logged in, and the reason I went on Overstock was to get a new phone, so I'm lucky I was still able to go through my 2-step verification process which involves my phone. I can't fathom how they thought sending it to a random Coinbase account was the logical solution.
edit: and now my Coinbase withdrawal is delayed for 72 hours, awesome!
@_date: 2018-04-30 20:16:30
When you purchase using BTC, it takes you to a final page that says you've purchased it, they are just awaiting BTC transfer. They even provide a link which allows you to click on it, choose my Trezor plug-in, and take me to my Trezor BTC send page, automatically filling in the amount owed and the BTC receive address. I've done this before, and after sending it was really late so I went to sleep right after. Normally, once the transfer confirms, so does the transaction. The order history/awaiting payment should've been there in the beginning, and it was. I'm not sure what happened after I closed out of this page.
@_date: 2018-04-30 20:22:36
I'm not smart when it comes to all of this, but I would never fall for the age old "Give me your information and I'll settle everything for you"
@_date: 2018-04-30 16:57:29
Overstock gives you an address to send BTC to, and once it processes that the address has received the BTC required, it will confirm payment. I processed/sent the payment to the address provided by Overstock, by BTC from my Trezor.
Unless I'm mistaken, and there is somehow a middleman here.
@_date: 2018-04-30 20:34:12
It's resolved now, and I can provide pictures of the transactions/emails, but it's not worth it now since it's settled. The big issue behind this was the only proof I had was a BTC transaction history from my Trezor for the amount stated (same amount as the product I claiming I ordered) to an Overstock provided BTC receive address.