@_author: babyfakie
@_date: 2018-01-14 13:45:33
OK, if you’re just going to call me a kid and keep discounting scientific research over your own anecdotal experience, this conversation is cleary not worth my time.✌️
@_date: 2018-01-12 14:11:36
Thank you for such a detailed and thorough response. You’re clearly not an idiot, but I do believe you are ignorant or biased against drug use.
There is a great history of corrupt medical practice and it continues to this day with big pharma, and as you stated, methadone clinics. Corruption is everywhere. The war on drugs is corrupt. What gives you the impression that MAPS is corrupt? Because drugs are involved?
Your problem is that you think all drugs are the same and that the research being done 100 years ago with snuff boxes is equal to today’s. Funnily enough, we didn’t really know what we were doing back then. The snow in The Wizard of Oz was pure asbestos, DDT was sprayed freely in suburban neighbourhoods. There is a reason we don’t presribe cocaine cough syrup anymore.
Psychedelics and empathogens could literally not be more opposite than drugs like heroin and cocaine. There are multiple studies documenting psilocybin and LSD’s effect on depression. Just because the research looks the same does not mean the drugs work in the same way. I highly encourage you to open your mind up to the *wonder*, of pyscedelics. I am very anti-substance use for the purpose of getting high, but these substances are tools for better understanding ourselves. I, and a great many others thank them for changing our lives in ways other substances simply cannot.
@_date: 2018-01-14 05:40:53
But the difference between methadone and MDMA, psilocybin, etc. is night and day. Seriously. Psychedelics are unlike any other narcotic in the sense that a great deal of people who take them for spiritual/therapeutic and even recreational experiences claim that got all they needed and do not want to trip again for months or sometimes even years. It is *genuinely difficult* to get addicted to psychelics because A) most are an 8+ hour mentally exhausting ordeal that few people often want to repeat so soon, B) typtamine tolerance rises so quickly that if you were to dose everyday for three days, there would be close to no effects on the third day without increasing dosage, and C) there are no physcially dependent symptoms.
As I said earlier, I highly, highly, highly suggest you try psilocybin or LSD in a comfortable, relaxed setting, when you have done your research and tested your chemical. I'm not going to lie and say they are not very potent and potentially very dangerous substances, but when used responsibly, their risks and minimized and the benefits are profound.
Before I had an entheogenic experience, I didn't know what it meant to be spiritual. Now, I meditate everyday, consider myself a very spiritual person, and I am so much more content and present with my life. All I want is to share this with everybody. If this does interest you, please check out "The Psychedelic Explorer's Guide" by Dr. James Fadiman. Call me a drug-taking hippy if you like, but know that there is so much more to **our** consciousness than you could ever imagine. Peace.
@_date: 2018-01-12 01:37:30
You're an idiot.