@_author: bac_jeff
@_date: 2014-12-08 19:58:36
**Bitcoin is:** an agreement amongst a community of people to use 21 million secure mathematical tokens--"bitcoins"--as money, just like traditional African and Asian societies used the money cowry. Unlike the money cowry:
* there will never be more bitcoins
* they are impossible to counterfeit
* they can be divided into pieces as small as you want
* they can be transferred instantly and securely via a digital connection (like the internet).
Because of powerful cryptography many times stronger than that of banks, no one has the ability to break or change these rules.  Instead of trusting any one person, you trust the math!
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:38:44
The community is really where the innovation comes from, I'm just here to help make it happen!  But this is definitely an exciting time for Bitcoin.  It's easy to get absorbed in the distraction of the Bitcoin price or unfortunate reactions from regulators like the whole bitlicence deal, but the truth is, this is an amazing time for the technology, with new ideas just coming out of the woodwork.  By the time cryptocurrency becomes completely mainstream, it will be "boring".  The fact that all these crazy things are happening now just marks these as "interesting times" :)
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:46:34
I get paid in bitcoin too.  Basically you pull out your monthly expenses at time of payment and then decide what you want to do with the rest of it.  Bitcoin goes down, but it also goes up--most people willing to be paid in bitcoin probably have more of a long term view, imo.
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:32:32
Hi cyanogenic!  The Bitcoin Alliance promotes awareness and advocates for Bitcoin in Canada, as well as being part of a global alliance.
The place you've seen us most recently is probably when we joined forces with Bitcoin Embassy and the Bitcoin Foundation to present before the Canadian Senate Committee on Banking, Trade, and Commerce.  The Alliance also hosted the Bitcoin Expo in April here in Toronto.
A lot of our projects are member driven so when someone has an idea to help Bitcoin here in Canada we try to help make it happen!
@_date: 2014-11-20 18:41:24
Happy to be on board!
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:35:34
Nope, Bitcoin was designed to be anti-censorship and anti-fraud.  It does have some basic privacy considerations as well, but anonymity itself was not a key design characteristic.  The original way bitcoin transactions were made was by direct IP connection.
@_date: 2015-01-13 09:00:36
More like: banning cryptography is like banning guns...if guns were free to duplicate, used electricity as ammo, and could be sent by email.
@_date: 2015-01-28 17:37:51
I agree that 12% is too high, but many people are probably not aware how far-from-finished BTMs are these days, which is necessary to understand the actual cost of owning a BTM.  What I mean is that to practically offer BTM service is a hands-on task that requires a knowledgeable person standing by to address the problems that come up on a daily if not hourly basis.  These things aren't "set it and forget it" type machines like a typical ATM, both because the tech is new and because Bitcoin is complicated.  When you add in the hardware cost, compliance and accounting issues, internet connectivity, etc. to the high technical and troubleshooting overhead, the actual cost of running a BTM starts to get pretty high.
I'm familiar with a BTM that charges 7% and draws a steady stream of customers all day--specifically because someone is there to deal with any issues that come up with the machine itself (as well as basic bitcoin help).  For a certain segment of people the ease of use, reduced wait times, and convenience factor are worth it.  When BTMs get more mature (and as fixed costs are paid off) that rate can go down, but right now I think it's pretty reasonable for the service being provided, and apparently so do the customers.  Me, I use an exchange.
@_date: 2015-01-10 04:45:09
It was just a matter of time before something like this happened.  In a way we're lucky that we've made as much progress as we have before encountering it.
tl;dr for those who haven't read the message:  new version of OpenSSL rejects valid but non-standardly encoded signatures, which is fine for most uses but threatens to break consensus for Bitcoin (as software using the newer library might reject blocks considered valid by software using the older library, causing a fork)
@_date: 2015-01-19 17:22:16
Getting concrete, one project is very close to putting bitcoin nodes in space so that the network is accessible from all major landmasses.  Once that's up, even cutting off the internet to a whole country won't allow blocking of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-28 17:46:55
Discovered is a little strong considering Mike Hearn and others have worked for years to design this type of method.  What the hackathon winner did was *implement* one of these designs (with a slight modification that, while nifty, is vulnerable to malleability attacks).