@_author: backnblack92
@_date: 2014-10-29 07:00:26
Well there is a bunch of money that'll never be spent.
If you're going to hide it away waiting on something as unlikely as that to happen, just give me the money. I'll take it to Vegas and get some actual value out of it. I figure spending all day at the tables would be a safer bet than your Bitcoin stuff will be in the long run.
@_date: 2014-06-13 05:44:41
Comon man, fuckers like that are hilarious. Just sit back and enjoy it for what it is. When everyone is on their high horses, you should just walk underneath poking em with sticks and watch the chaos happen.
@_date: 2014-10-29 06:54:26


Please tell me you're joking? You know this is a guy struggling to keep his house as is, a place to live is more important than a piece of online currency that may or may not gain value over time. A house is more valuable. It's a rock stupid financial decision to continue gambling away everything you have because maybe at some point in the future things will change.
He made a decision, it didn't work out. He needs to cut his losses and just consider it a sunk cost before he loses even more and possibly ends up homeless.
You're either really stupid financially, or you're a scumbag trying to get another poor sap to keep holding onto this crap in order to artificially inflate the bubble on your own investments.


Or the bubble could end up popping while a bunch of smarter investors cash out back to real money and leave other individuals holding the bag.
It has the potential to do a lot of things. Doesn't mean it will. You can't live in a potential house. You can't eat potential food. 


It is only when we've lost everything, that we're free to do anything; if you want this freedom you must only train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.
Translation: I'm trying to convince you to make an incredibly stupid and risky financial decision based on pretty much nothing, so here is a bunch of bullshit. I acknowledge that you have already lost a shit ton because of Bitcoin, yet I'm still trying to convince you to literally give up your house in order to hold onto this crap.
He does not have nothing to lose. He isn't homeless begging on the streets. If he listened to your advice he probably would end up like that though.
You're like a drug pusher trying to convince a guy "well just one more hit won't hurt. You already did some, might as well keep doing it" or a gambler "okay just one more bet. I feel lucky. I'm totally going to win this time and earn back all that money I lost"
Just stop. The best thing this guy did was realize where he went wrong and acknowledge he needs to move forward with what he has left.
People giving him blind stupid financial advice based on feelings rather than actual data is what got him roped into this situation in the first place.
He isn't financially savvy, but he needed safe diverse investments to build his retirement around. Not this crap.
