@_author: backalleybrawler
@_date: 2017-11-26 15:37:09
Bitcoin is something I don't fully understand. From the perspective of someone who tries to look out for scams and schemes, it seems like Bitcoin is a combination of a scam and pyramid scheme, then disguised as a stock option that's not really a stock option. Here is a list of red flags that are set off (at least for me) about Bitcoin:  
1. The Product is vague- It helps you get rid of mortgage and student loans, is one phrase you'll hear on a lot of PS. Bitcoin has similar language. Decentralized Currency (while tangible) makes it sound very similar to Passive Income. My SO asked what Bitcoin was, I had almost as hard a time explaining scientology as I did Bitcoin. When the product you're selling is hard to break it down into five year old language, it brings up a red flag.  
2. It isn't tangible. The Product is all electronic, except for the money I use when buying it. Why should I use paper money to buy suspicious online money? My default answer would be that I shouldn't.  
3. It's too hackable. I'm concerned with online banking and passwords. I go through all the steps to protect my identity but sometimes it's stolen (according to my bank). With Bitcoin being entirely online, what am I supposed to do if a volatile group from the internet organised a mass hacking of Bitcoin? What if I say something on Reddit to someone and they get loaded and steal all of my Bitcoin? I can fight someone who's trying to mug me irl and my bank informs me when something happens online.  
4. The buying of a wallet and the fees of using my money. It sounds like an everyday thing, a wallet...but in Bitcoin you have to make sure to get a secure wallet. I use a metal wallet to hold all my cards and cash, how much more secure can you get irl? The fact that I not only have to spend money to hold Bitcoin (shouldn't there be a universal wallet that targets hackers of other people's wallets?) and the fact that I'm charged money each time I want to use my money (in aware this is the case irl, but Bitcoin is supposed to be better than real money, right?) I just don't want to deal with knowingly spending more than what the price is. Where is that money going anyways?  
5. Over 9,000. Well that's very good! Bit now that means I have to pay 9,000 of my money to buy one Bitcoin? What if I transfer my money into a lesser currency? Will it still be over 9,000 ruples?  
6. The language is vague and silver lined. Nodes, Universal, Mining. It's an unfamiliar language that seems to me (as someone who avoids schemes) that the language is used to penetrate people's defenses by using buzz words.  
TL;DR: I'm excited for you guys! I'm also skeptical of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:03:22
Thank you very much for your kind and informative response, and for not calling me the big f.
@_date: 2017-11-27 02:29:11
I'm super excited tbh! There's nothing more compelling than a universal monetary system!
@_date: 2017-11-27 02:44:36
Are there passwords required anywhere? Thank you for the help btw.
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:15:06
Thank you for taking the time out to answer some of my questions. I think there should be some things done to make Bitcoin more attractive to casual people. I don't want to do the math for a 1000th of a Bitcoin every time I make a transaction. Is there any way to re-market this to make it easier to calculate?  
I'm just skeptical because I'm looking to buy in and needs to know exactly what's going to happen with !y money as well as the risks involved. I'm not a programmer, not a very good one anyways.
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:54:50
Thank you for your genuine and honest response. I've been apprehensive of joining something ever since someone tried to get me to buy a set of Cutco Knives. A lot of my friends are involved in pyramid schemes, so I've become a bit jaded when someone tells me something is good.
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:04:42
Great perspective! I can empathize with that!
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:07:15
This response makes me dislike some of the communities associated with Bitcoin. Remember that there's another person, with a real life, just as complicated as yours, behind the typed words.