@_author: back_like_flint
@_date: 2018-05-16 22:02:08
Seriously? Where’s the “y” in “Political Science?” I’m not the grammar police type of person, but you can’t seriously tell someone to “educate” themselves about a subject you clearly haven’t been educated on yourself. Anyone who’s ever taken a “POLI xxx” course would remember the “POLI” part of it.
@_date: 2017-07-22 22:48:04
In many ways, it's technical, political, and economic. The technicalities are that cryptos need to scale, and it makes sense for Bitcoin -- the highest volume cryptocurrency -- to do it first, then there's also the fact that mining is becoming so unprofitable for so many, that we just can't keep going towards a decline in miners processing transactions while there's also an influx of new users.
The political aspect is that no one knows how far cryptocurrencies and Bitcoin will go. The future looks promising, but only if it can be scaled and volatility reduced. Whoever and whatever the individuals and/or organizations are whom/that manage to use their capital to lead the way in this scaling effort -- important to note that it's happening through compromises by a few disagreeing parties -- will have a major seat at the international table when, or if, it becomes a very real area of focus for nations and their institutions. Let's say that the cryptocurrency market reaches a market cap of $3.5 trillion and involves more international transactions on any given day than fiat undergoes; then, would it be that hard to believe that democratic voters would support a political platform to push the implementation of a much less volatile crypto to govern all exchange rates? If it gets to that, then these scaling efforts will have to succeed on more than one occasion, and for those at its helm, it could have very significant future political implications. Not to mention that it could cripple developing economies if it reaches such a scale, so it would need to be done properly through political channels.
Now the economic part of it. If it's rushed and the chain splits, no one can know which chain will truly be successful until one is. Exchanges will make a decision on which chain they plan to transfer BTC onto, before they can be sure that it will be the one to succeed, and many users who just decided to buy in and hold -- without minding the intricacies of it all -- could have lost so, so much. Considering that the whole crypto economy currently revolves around BTC, as there are other up-and-coming currencies that still have many scaling flaws of their own, a split that causes devastating consequences could've effectively deterred investors for a very long time, if it didn't permanently scare away many of them.
@_date: 2017-06-27 03:24:40
You're right, many Venezuelans have actually turned to Bitcoin because it's been less volatile -- overall -- than their post-crisis currency. It also enables them to purchase goods at set prices that can be strictly tied to other fiat currencies rather than their own damaged currency. So overall, Bitcoin gave Venezuelan adopters an improved second option to help keep their families' heads above the water. 10+ years ago, that wouldn't have been plausible by any stretch of the animation. I could see the reverse possibly occurring, eventually; but at the moment smaller nations that often depend on a single or few resources, to act as the backbone to their fiat dollar, are able to utilize another payment system that alleviates the symptoms of an economic depression. 
Obviously, rises in unemployment and the inability to purchase basic necessities is a massive problem all on its own, but Bitcoin has provided easier access to services rather than the opposite. 