@_author: backinthejox
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:03:29
if we are discussing this backdrop to be due to the Chinese, starfallg states what is probably the closest reason as to why. The Chinese want to invest outside of the country (seen as more secure and stable). However, when they saw the gains that Bitcoin was pre-boom, it was enticing especially given the history of behavior that the nouveau riche tended to have adopted. It's important that we classify who (not generally speaking the 'Chinese', as the average Chinese person would not dare to enter), but rather the rising and/or elite class of Chinese who had money to lose or dared to lose in what they saw was the perfect glitch in their controlled society. 
I think it's important to clarify the role of the Chinese, not to jumble in the stereotypes that are generally common in the West. The Chinese government saw the response that Bitcoin caused and saw that it would not be able to be controlled, thus creating a variable that could destroy the status quo that the government has preserved in the past decades. Although the OP cites there to be dictatorial reasons, I wouldn't be surprised if people in the governing party were a good majority of those that played this game. Rather, the Bitcoin stands as a symbol that could be widely abused, so they saw that there must be a control (and tests) before they dive into the action. After all, risking 20+ years of gain (in the party's eye) due to a single year of chance is dangerous. The Chinese want to control their society and introduce changes as necessary until they reach their 'Perfect Harmony'. I don't blame them, given that their campaigns must be carefully monitored due to the sheer amount of people and the exponential side effects that are caused by chaos.
The Chinese will be back. But in the mean time, they want to see if the theory of a crypto-currency could even work, let alone the economic side effects that we are all supporting in this change. From the people I have been talking to, they are all determined that 1) it's a hoax, 2) it's not real money and just a game (after all, that's what the stock market already does), so 3) there is no future for such a concept. Let's prove 'em wrong.