@_author: baconbits1204
@_date: 2019-10-23 19:25:13
OMG lol you literally bought right before the tumble. always DCA.
@_date: 2019-10-11 06:05:42
Rest assured, if it’s a big tech company they are collecting and organizing 10X more data than you think they are. No doubt they are collecting a shit load of meta data about everything and organizing it in a database not even knowing what to do with it, just in case they come up with a use later. Data is more valuable than oil, coinbase isn’t just gonna toss that stuff in the trash. In 2019 if it can be tracked, it’s getting tracked.
@_date: 2019-04-08 21:09:50
First: Stop checking the price so much. Second: if the idea of losing %30-50 overnight is too much to stomach, try lightening your bag just a bit as you have invested more than you can afford to lose (right now is a great opportunity to do that). Another option is to put some (never all) of your bitcoin on an exchange with a stop loss, so if the price hits whatever level you deem uncomfortable, it will sell automatically to avoid a bigger loss. If I were doing that I might put a stop loss around 4,900... but I’m not a financial advisor and that is not financial advice... I work in a restaurant.
@_date: 2019-09-29 00:09:57
Ok, yeah that’s from bitmains website... then let’s say I wanted to compile an accurate list of wattages from different miners... how would I go about doing that without having my hands on any of them?
@_date: 2019-09-20 05:58:22
But once it’s set up my computer would have to be stationary and running bitcoin core 24/7, correct?
@_date: 2019-09-28 22:31:03
I have a kilowatt but no miner to use. I actually need the proper value to code into the the JavaScript of a bitcoin miner profitability calculator I’m making in a group project
@_date: 2019-09-21 17:32:06
Update, we have nailed down what our app is going to do. It is something other mining profitability calculators do... but we think we might be able to do it better. Really this feels like a big special idea we should be protecting and not posting to reddit... but i just realized that whatever we build will belong to the school, and not us, so we're not going to work \*too hard\* on this, just enough to get a good grade. Still, here's our idea in pseudocode. I'm wondering if anybody has any input on how to execute it. i hope nobody steals this, lol, but as i said, even if we knock it out of the park it will belong to the school... so meh. 
\ Project description 
Our project will use a bitcoin API from [blockchain.com]( to track the hashrate of the bitcoin network. the hashrate translates directly into mining difficulty, which translates into how much electricity will be needed to mine 1 bitcoin. 
Using this info, alongside info from utility company API's, and other energy API's (solar, wind, gas, etc) we will acquire the users cost for a kilowatt hour, and calculate how many kilowatt hours they will need to use to mine 1 bitcoin (given the current hashrate). Having this info we can tell the user, based on which miner they are using, approximately how much it will cost them to mine 1 bitcoin. 
The UX/UI will prompt the user to input their location, and desired model of miner (antminer S9, dragonmint miner, etc). Using only these 2 inputs from the user, we will generate a bar graph. The bar graph will display the cost for 1 bitcoin with their local utility company, and the other bars will display alternative energy sources like wind, solar, and natural gas. This will let the user know how much of a difference they might make by switching to renewable energy. This charting library (most likely D3) will be our new technology for the project. 
\ APIs Used 
\* [
\* [
\* [
\ Task breakdown 
1. capture user data (location and model of bitcoin miner).
2. the users submitted location data is used in the AJAX call to [ to pull their local utility data.
3. that call forwards to this API [ to retrieve the megawatt cost, which we divide by 1000 to get the kilowatt hour cost for the user in their district. 
4. using the captured user data on the model of miner they are using, the cost to run their miner in their utility district is compared to the current hash-rate of the bitcoin network. 
5. the higher the hash-rate, the more kilowatt hours required to mine 1 btc, the lower the hash rate, the lower the kilowatt hours. using an equation (yet to be written, or google foo'd) we will determine an approximation of the amount of kilowatt hours required for the user to mine 1 bitcoin, and what that will cost them if they are using their local utility company.
6. in a bar graph, we will display this value, alongside the values of alternative energy sources like wind, solar, and natural gas, using these three API's: 
@_date: 2019-09-20 04:21:28
Just HTML, CSS, (not really programming) and JavaScript(there’s programming) , but the JavaScript is a whole can of worms, with JavaScript we’re hitting AJAX, Node.JS, MySQL etc.
@_date: 2019-09-20 04:23:39
I guess the way they format their documentation may just not be what I’m used to looking at, (still a noob) I’m giving it a second look now and it may have what I need, I’ll have to converse with my instructors about how to implement it.
@_date: 2019-09-22 19:26:34
Yeah, I remember seeing all your posts. Disgusting. As a Venezuelan web developer living in the US, your numerous posts were spitting in the face of Venezuelans in the face of a humanitarian crisis. The work you wanted done should be paid at 40-50$ an hour. You’re reverse price gouging starving people who have the choice to spend their time in protest, or to spend their time getting treated as less than by some jerk on reddit. 
Couldn’t tell you exactly why your offers were ignored by people still living in Venezuela, but I suspect the reason is that Venezuelans are desperate, and Venezuelans are hungry, but Venezuelans have dignity, and Venezuelans aren’t stupid. They’re not gonna expend valuable computer science skills for someone that’s gonna underpay them in a globalized job market.
Try and remember the Venezuelan people are in a revolution, and revolutions are built on ideals. Perhaps the foundational ideal of the Venezuelan people’s rebellion is that they refuse to be undervalued for their hard work to appease the fat cats. These are not boot lockers you are trying to engage with.
Honestly, the way the crypto-community views the Venezuelan crisis so opportunistically makes me feel really dirty about holding bitcoin sometimes, but then I remember how valuable the technology is for my people, despite how toxic the community behind it is to my people.
@_date: 2019-09-20 04:48:13
Oh man, I’d love to go this route, but I think at the moment the class is only on a simple fetch request level. I certainly can’t imagine myself doing more than a fetch at the moment. I don’t have bitcoin core set up, no dedicated desktop, I use my MacBook for work and that’s all I got... question about bitcoin core though (unrelated), I was looking at the file size and wondering if that can all be stored on an external hard drive?
@_date: 2019-09-20 04:24:19
Giving that a look now thanks
@_date: 2019-05-15 19:16:33
I’m going to be traveling soon, are there any roadblocks or hurdles I can expect if I try and sell bitcoin on coinbase while in Iceland/Norway?