@_author: badfurday
@_date: 2014-06-09 23:22:28
There are several reasons why I disabled JavaScript, and I believe most people who disable it follow one or more of those reasons:
* JS is client side scripting that is executed by the browser, which leads to possible security issues. There are past instances of private data being gathered on computers and viruses being handed out through javascript. It can happen even on websites you trust if they get attacked, through cross-site scripting or such. Therefore, for some people, JavaScript should not exist period. I'm not one of those, I allow JavaScript on a few select websites that I trust, but I can very well understand the position of the radical nojsers.
* I don't like being tracked. Simple enough. Privacy is at an all time low in the current daily internet usage of the average person, but it's also pretty easy to leave no tracks whatsoever for those who care about it and want to do it (not everyone cares, of course, I'm okay with people who don't mind being tracked). Disabling JavaScript is one of the steps you have to take to leave no footprints.
* The speed of web browsing is actually faster if you get rid of some dynamic elements. I'm not exaggerating when I say some websites are absolutely bloated with JavaScript, to the point where even modern browsers on modern machines can have an annoying time loading them.
* For every website that uses JavaScript in a way which adds to the experience, there are ten that use it to deliver you ads, track you, and annoy you in various ways. You start realizing this once you use NoScript a bit, it's mindblowing how much useless JavaScript there is around the web.
All in all, here's a classic quote on the topic of choosing to not use JavaScript when it's not necessary: 


In the case of Blogspot, they leave no choice. If you don't enable JavaScript, the page won't even load at all. I'm pretty fucking sure I don't need JavaScript to read a blog post, which reinforces the fourth bullet point above.
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:56:09
Proof of stake on top of proof of work.
It doesn't fix the problem, but it makes it much much harder to control the network, to the point where there would be no profitability in it (attacker needs to have a gigantic amount of btc, therefore loses a lot if he crashes the value).
Generalizing peer to peer mining would also be a step in making attacks much much harder. P2pool nodes are a start.
@_date: 2014-02-07 21:49:31
Ah, I have been called out on my lack of spine on the internet.
The offense is major, my whole life is in shambles.
Curse you Perish_in_a_Fire, why did you have to be so harsh.
@_date: 2014-06-10 07:04:17
Being a developer myself, I understand your issues. Keep in mind that wanting to leave no footprints involves not wanting cookies either. I'm fine with logging in each visit on a website.
When it comes to the requirements of JS to make a website work, refer to my fourth bullet point. If your usage of JS is necessary and makes sense, I'll whitelist your website (and hardcore nonjsers will simply not use it or look for an alternative). One of the websites I work on requires JavaScript and I give non JS users an error message, that's a perfectly fine compromise. There's no reason to offer a no-JS version, unless you use JS in places where it's not necessary. Then it becomes a bit silly to suggest users accept a gateway into their OS from the internet just because you want your blog comments to update in real time or something like that. From your website's description, it's not the case and you're fine with me. It's crazy however how many websites these days break that rule and give blank pages or error messages just because they can't track you.
@_date: 2014-02-08 00:07:01
They won't let me in though, I refuse to take off my fedora in the conference room and they see it as a major offense. That, and the smell.
@_date: 2014-06-09 23:11:46
Amen. Glad to see a known figure within the crypto circles seeing Ethereum for what it actually is: An extremely interesting and quite innovative idea, but also an overhyped profit grab scheme IPO.
[Here's a small rant I made on the Ethereum hype last week, kinda similar to Gavin's post](
@_date: 2014-02-07 11:51:21
I cringed hard all the way through reading this post. You have bigger issues than Gox.
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:42:19
If op had hundreds of BTC on an exchange that is known for a past history of failures, there's no sugarcoating it, he is completely stupid.
@_date: 2014-03-05 11:12:43
EVERYTHING IS CHANGED, HOLY SHIT
LIFE IS UPSIDE DOWN THIS IS SO CRAZY
I HOPE THE SUN WILL SET TOMORROW
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:11:41
Then, I'm sorry to have to say this, but OP is the stupidest person I've read about today.
Does anyone really believe that this is making the btc community look good? Hey I have an issue, let's completely ignore support and jump in a 16 hour plane ride then do a one man protest and piss off employees until they let me ask meaningless questions to someone who doesn't care. 
Please tell me we're above this. Please tell me all the praise OP is getting is a dream and not actually happening. This is a pure cringe story.
@_date: 2011-12-06 13:50:44
Bitcoin is not an alternative to paypal.
Or at least, not yet.
You are being way too butthurt about this. Bitcoin is nigh impossible to understand from a "generic computer user" point of view. The self righteous tone of your comment probably didn't help either.
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:06:03
As per your own post that I replied to, the comparison is between btc and oil.
Bitcoin is lovely and all, I've been in since 2010 and care for its success, it made a lot of people rich, but the environmental aspect is a disaster that keeps growing with the currency. People ignore or wildly underestimate how much energy is being consumed to make btc's hashrate what it is.
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:10:38
Well, bitcoin is an environmental disaster due to the mining system and the hardware farms behind it consuming insane amounts of electricity, so the comparison isn't too far off. I love btc, but can't ignore this aspect.
@_date: 2013-12-27 08:01:14
Full source will be published january 3rd (the official date of the « real » NXT release).
Specific bits of the source have already been published at the demand of anyone who asked for them.
The only part that's a fail about NXT is the initial distribution. It was meant to be 250 stakeholders and ended up being cut short to a week of funding and having a total of 71 stakeholders. As much as these stakeholders are doing a good job with the harsh times the coin is going through right away (buying extra nodes to handle the constant ddos, the continuous zombie block attack, baseless public hate at every corner), I'd rather have 250 than 71. Might be I'm a bit mad because I heard about it a couple days after the investment period was over.
This apart, I love NXT just for the idea of rewriting something new and different from scratch instead of being yet another btc/ltc clone. Could be better, but it's most definitely a step in the right direction.
@_date: 2013-12-11 12:52:47
I would absolutely love the same thing with bitstamp.
Great work.
@_date: 2013-12-11 14:18:38
I worked with both on a project, the APIs are extremely similar (two keys and a nonce, hashed up, and similar looking requests and returns).
If you ever want to go through with it, pm me for a read only api access to an active trading account.