@_author: badgeorge
@_date: 2018-05-13 21:45:49
No and they don't care. If you made all your transaction in bitcoin this last month you would have seen some pretty horrific inflation and deflation. Part of why bitcoin is not seen as a threat to mainstream currencies.
 In addition to this, having elected officials that study for years at the worlds top institutions to each contribute their opinion on what minute change to make next  only for it to be ignored unless agreed with other officials makes a much more favourable alternative to having your net worth dictated by a bunch of whales smashing the price around trying to screw each other over.
@_date: 2018-06-22 02:34:30
Diversification is about mitigating risk. Both up and down side risk. Many of the assets in a diversified portfolio will outperform the portfolio as a whole. The point is that you do not know for sure which ones will outperform and so you spread across them all and do not risk losing everything if one asset tanks; this also means you forfeit some of your gains. Writing posts like this is just stupid.
@_date: 2018-06-09 11:22:44
Fucking lol at how incredibly stupid this is. The literal singular purpose of the Federal reserve, its modus operandi, is the dual mandate strategy. Maximum employment and price stability. It isn't a for profit institution by anyone's standards. It is completely transparent and has no interest in any policy that is believed to be counter productive for the citizens of the United States. It is independent of the government to remove potential political conflicts of interests but exists only to stabilise the American economy. And using the best understanding of macroeconomics that we currently have, that is what it continues to do well.
Acting as if you are some sort of enlightened beacon of knowledge just because you hold some crypto and have misunderstood a wikipedia page is genuinely ridiculous. A central bank is not your enemy. They are not conspiring against citizens or cryptocurrency. It is not crypto vs the central banks. The narrative you're living is bullshit no matter how many misunderstandings of basic Monetary Economics that you upvote on reddit.
@_date: 2018-06-22 14:06:38
correct. They are not 100% correlated though so you do still mitigate risk by investing in a selection of them.
@_date: 2018-06-09 15:47:17
Banks are **required** to invest 3% of their capital into the Federal reserve as a glorified membership fee. They cannot buy, sell or securitise in any fashion their shares and any policy on cashflow from Federal Reserve shares will be following current policy objectives or it will be changed. There is no incentive misalignment. Banks have no voting power over and no control over the resulting policies, the overall target of which is determined by government. 
The idea that the Federal reserve is some nefarious profit maximising entity is delusional. If you cannot see that then god help you. 
@_date: 2018-04-26 20:29:58
Can this legit be posted every time and still make the frontpage?