@_author: badpeopleexist
@_date: 2016-04-02 07:06:20
This is like asking Linus Torvalds why Linux Mint is a bad idea. 
Coinbase is not Bitcoin. The sooner people accept that, the better.
You know what else isn't Bitcoin? Blockstream.
@_date: 2016-04-02 07:17:20
A: no one. Bitcoin itself should only need occasional updates for security. It should not have silly limits that prevent it from scaling naturally. It should be a dumb protocol and secondary services should set the tone of how it works, similar to the way Chrome and Firefox now basically dictate how the web works.
I repeat: the Bitcoin protocol should not require paid developers. When it does, it will be obvious enough that no one will argue with it, and more than enough people (self included) will pitch in to cover the time said developers spend away from their actual productive activities.
All of these Blockstream, R3, Coinbase, "Bitcoin Core/Classic/Unlimited" (/etc/*) trolls are problematic and counter to the spirit and letter of Bitcoin proper. I know, I know, you think something else, and let me just cut you off: you're not 100% right, therefore you are wrong. 
No programmer needs a singular project to survive. The answer is that the Core protocol needs to be finalized at 1.0 with no block limit (it's quite obvious the network will find its own ways to handle this non-issue, no matter where you stand, don't even fucking bother, your data is even flawed...) and secondary services should compete for dominance on *customs* such as the normative size of published blocks. It doesn't matter if a few outliers want to publish massive blocks. 
Having a **centralized ("Core") directorate** of code is inherently non-free. 
Do not make excuses.
If this thing means anything to you, get with it. If you are one of the named, quit. If you are not but you hold significant public coin, apply pressure where pressure is do. **Stonewalling a recursion to a previous standard which is now deemed better suited is nothing less than immorality incarnate.** Nothing less. It shows a severe disconnect from the very words which started this whole thing. (And you will not be forgiven. )
You won't think it's funny when 2010 coinbase rewards are moving to the exit sign like someone yelled fire. Your liquidity isn't real, you know this.  