@_author: badwolf
@_date: 2018-01-28 02:12:52
TD doesn’t go halt trading because it’s not an exchange, it’s a broker only. The majority traded securities have limits and the exchanges will halt trading of a security if its price moves more than that limit. The terms are “limit down” and “limit up”. This is done to give the market time to adjust and calm down. It’s just less common as most traded securities have significantly less volatility than crypto currencies. In practise, a limit move on a stock is no different than what Coinbase did with the BCH split: no one can trade that item during a limit move, though usually this is a fixed predefined period of time. This is a standard and well understood part of investing. Since Coinbase is an exchange we should expect them to have limits. I don’t see a justification for your objection on this point. Rather it is responsible behaviour on their part. This is all part of crypto currency becoming a mature product. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:36:54


Nation and nationality go hand in hand. If you're a Chinese citizen then you're nationality is Chinese. If you're a Canadian citizen then your nationality is Canada. Did you mean "ethnicity"? Cause, that would make more sense.


Yet everywhere you look on reddit, criticism of the US or US government is usually taken as one in the same as criticism of USians. Yes, Chinese exceptionalism, much like US exceptionalism, is a problem. But you do realize how this constantly gets re-enforced. The American media, I suspect yourself as well, treat China solely as a threat. It's no wonder the Chinese get defensive when every mistake is pointed out and every success ignored. China can do no right, so why should they try? The thing is YOU are the one spreading disinformation. There is a lot more nuance than you seem willing to acknowledge.
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:58:44
The thing is it's absolutely racism and you know it. 
The Chinese govern is very far from "extremely authoritarian". Fuck man, learn something about the country. I've been doing business and living on and off in China for over a decade. The way China get reported on in the west IS very much the definition of racism as it's very political (especially in the US) and completely disconnect with reality. You're just pushing these same racist view points that have no connection to fact. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:46:27
Dude, I'm sorry if expressing the facts on the ground makes me a shill. Fuck, you can't even acknololedge the nuance of the whole situation and you call me a shill?!? Lol. How do you expect anyone to take you seriously?
Why don't you go troll elsewhere. I'm tired of you bigoted anti-Chinese trolls that dominate reddit. That is why I'm standing up. Like seriously, reddit is pretty much 99% anti-Chinese shills and you choose to stand with them without doing any research. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:19:54
Here is one racist comment: 
Secondly, the Chinese people do not see a difference between the government and people. AND this whole post and thread is about the Chinese people (i.e., Alibaba) not the government. Third your views on China are very much not connect to reality. I assume, you also oppose US companies and American being involved as the US government has a much much worse history when it comes to interfering in markets to favour their companies.
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:49:54


In the same sense that Amazon, Google, or MS are backed by the US government. 
I'm new to the whole crypto scene but have been active in the Chinese tech scene for over a decade. Blatant racism like this and just doesn't make this sub feel very welcoming. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:50:54
This sort of racism has no place here. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:49:39
Go troll somewhere else noob. Or at least be brave enough to comment with your real account if you're not a noob.
Dude, if you're going around making racist comment, don't be surprised if people call you racist. I don't know what happened to you. But I suggest getting your life together. You have so much anger. That's not going to help you when you become an adult.
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:25:17
Go back to your alt-right buddies. Holy shit, I just read your comment history. Wow! You're one racist piece shit. Why do you hate Chinese people so much? Is it because you can't compete with them?
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:09:21
China is not a dictatorship. Get your terms straight. At no point was I discussing the West; I was comparing China to the US, not the West. The US is a small part of the West.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:30:01
It's more ignorance; it's hard to blame them when American media is disconnected from reality when it comes to China and focuses on pushing a hyper-nationalist agenda. This hyper-nationalist agenda gets repeated here on reddit in the constant pro-american circlejerk. 
China has a tonne of problems but attacking something purely because Chinese are involved; well, as a crypto noob, that just make me less sympathetic to XBT and more to BCH. 
Thank you for fighting the good fight here.
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:42:29
That's not the case. I own a business in China. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:21:51
It's clear you're the one who is "retarded". The OP is specifically attacking Alibaba only because they are Chinese. 
Look dude, I've owned and operated businesses in China for over 10 years and lived there for about half of that. I know first hand the you and the OP are full of shit. Grow up and get a job.
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:53:48
No, this post is just pure racism. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:08:08
Google acts more as a branch of US State Department than a public company. Look at how the US uses it's companies to interfere in the political processes of other countries. I mean, look at the US' international history. US companies and government/military always operate hand in hand. This is how the US built it's empire and you'll be hard pressed to find another modern country, including China, where the relationship between major companies and governments are as close it is in the US. I mean, it's undeniable that China is much more of a free market than the US.
Having done considerable business in both countries, yes... they are both rather authoritarian counties. Both have shit poor human right records -- they are two biggest killers of their own population on the planet. But living a middle class life in either of them is not noticeably different. But when it comes to business, Chinese tend to work around government whereas American then to work with government. That reason alone, I put more trust in Chinese companies to do the right thing than US companies. Plus this is very much backed up by history. You should take a look at companies like Google and Cisco if you want feel unsafe.