@_author: baezar
@_date: 2014-04-15 18:23:50
re (2), not sure I understand exactly what you mean here. Do you mean that contracts would be automatically settled through such an implementation (so that a prediction could be 'This article will be in the top 10 of Reddit within 24 hours' and this can be determined automatically after which there is an automatic payout)? 
If so, then yeah, but this lends itself to manipulation since AFAIK upvotes on Reddit are not scarce. One way to address that in turn is to make upvotes scarce / to use a more complex metric (incl. e.g. Twitter votes) to make manipulation more difficult.
re (1):
a) yes, the prediction market system would have to be in addition to and not integrated with the kind of fluid, subjective-based protocol that you suggest (and the two have different goals, I guess). The prediction market has an absolute score while your fluid reputation-based system has subjective scores. (though you may be proposing a type of integration when you write "have yet another virtual user whose trust score is the prediction market results", but then I don't understand the sentence after that:
b) You do need 'professional speculators' (I take it by 'speculators' you mean 'people buying and selling payout-vouchers on the basis of their expectations about the probability of the event): The main way in which prediction markets work is because people with more relevant knowledge than others will want to participate while those with less knowledge will be less inclined to do so (all because of the monetary and/or reputational incentive), and that over time those with bad track records are eliminated from the market (through monetary / reputational losses), while those with good track records stay in). 
So there's self-selection and market-selection of relevant expertise. It's not simply a 'wisdow of the crowds' system (I'm not saying you said or implied that, but I wasn't sure what you meant with your remark so I thought I'd clarify it)
c) I've had a lawyer look at a draft white paper I wrote for a system like this (using prediction markets for content curation (in particular, for incentivizing producing and promoting promising content and predicting which content is promising)) and she argues that:
i) even if you're not US based (e.g. if you're in Ireland or the UK), you have to have a way of preventing US customers from participating
ii) even if you use something like play money or a self-issued token like LTBcoin, there is still a significant risk that courts / regulators will deem the system to be illegal.
iii) even if you find a way of construing this as an internal/private prediction market (which may or may not be illegal), there are still significant legal risks.
Anyway, thanks for your comment and I'm sorry I may not have fully understood each part of it: part of the misunderstanding may be due to the fact that the prediction market system and your proposed system are actually really quite different, but that I mentioned the prediction markets in the context of a discussion of your system, so that we each may have read the other's post with somewhat ill-suited expectations.
If you have time to reply, I'd greatly appreciate it, and I'd also be happy to send you the draft white paper I wrote in the context of the LTBcoin project ("Content Curation through Prediction Markets and Network Tokens"). But rumor has it that you're quite a busy guy these days!
@_date: 2014-02-26 20:39:01
thanks, that's useful.
@_date: 2014-03-12 02:16:43
Could a potential criminal case against Mt.Gox in general and/or Mark Karpeles in particular affect the likelihood and/or extent of recovery of lost funds?
@_date: 2014-02-08 20:34:18
technical problems?
@_date: 2014-04-15 03:43:54
and perhaps add a prediction market for scores (so that people can predict which posts / comments will be successful (according to some metric)). 
Then some people will use the prediction market results as the most efficient / fastest way of receiving the most promising content (in the eyes of the participants in the prediction market). The front page of the prediction market's site would consist of those stories (links or original content) with the highest probability (as expressed by predictions made in the prediction market). 
the main two problems for this system are:
- public prediction markets are typically illegal if anything other than 'play' money is used
- you still need an independent way of determining popularity of an article (e.g. Reddit score, Twitter mentions etc) because a prediction has to be a prediction about some external event, something other than itself.
@_date: 2014-03-12 02:14:02
Will Mt.Gox be legally obliged to open its books so that people can start to investigate what happened to the coins and when?
@_date: 2014-02-26 06:18:39
Very interesting. Somebody I showed this to had the following two questions:
1) What is the mechanism by which the hot-&gt;cold transactions got modified? No one would benefit from that, so it can't be through intentional attack. Is there some known mechanism by which transactions get modified routinely (or "malleated" as the popular verbization seems to be...)?
2) They must have some record of the amount stored in each cold address, right? Would they not notice that the hot wallet had not gained the amount they expected from the cold wallet when emptying it?
@_date: 2014-02-08 20:13:40
I wonder if he has any evidence for his claim that Mt. Gox is engaged in fractional reserve banking.
@_date: 2014-03-30 21:35:50
they can get paid before the 20 years are up by selling this asset (of being eligible to receive x amount in 20 years if these conditions are met) to somebody else at any time before the 20 years have passed. The asset will depreciate in value if people deem the probability of the conditions being met to have decreased.
the second and third problems you mention concerns picking a good metric of success. This is a very difficult problem in this context because reality is enormously complex. You could use proxy events or judges to determine whether the conditions are met. You could award prizes to those who come up with the best way in which the effects of said policy can be measured / judged.
@_date: 2014-03-28 16:42:02
Bitonic.nl is probably the easiest way to buy bitcoins that exists anywhere in the world today. Great work! Too bad only the Dutch and Flemish can use it, but that's of course not Bitonic's fault.