@_author: baffledking93
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:39:22
The relative merits of the lightning network are tough to understand -- you probably need to be an expert in cryptography and computer/network security just to understand how it works, let alone have an opinion about its merits and potential problems. I don't think forming an opinion on it based on a 5 minutes video and then appealing to the internet for refutations is the way to go about judging whether it will be successful.
I think you need to do much more research. Be honest with yourself: do you even understand how cryptocurrencies work? What the actual differences between BTC and BCH are?
@_date: 2019-07-06 14:13:37


Only if people are transferring bitcoin directly on the blockchain. It's possible that most people will use a second layer built on top of bitcoin, run by a regulated central authority that can reverse transactions if someone's money is stolen or accidentally misplaced. Or maybe something better than that...
Bitcoin can adapt and innovate in the face of such problems in ways that are difficult to predict. I personally believe the problem specifically mention will be addressed in time.
@_date: 2017-12-29 11:11:09
Here is the main bitcoin repo:  At the time of writing, it has 491 contributors and the last commit was an hour ago.
Here is the repo for one of the three lightning network implementations:  58 contributors and the last commit was three days ago.
Here is the bcash repo:  429 contributors and last commit 7 days ago. It's worth noting that the number of contributors includes those that contributed before the fork. If you look at the commits since the fork, there haven't been many contributors, hence why it is currently 62 contributors behind the bitcoin repo.
If you look at the top contributors to bcash, you'll notice that the only one who has made substantial commits since the fork is deadalnix. The rest haven't contributed since, since they're working on the main bitcoin repo. You can confirm this for yourself here:
So to summarise, the bitcoin development community is much healthier than the bcash development community. In fact, looking at the repos, bitcoin-abc doesn't seem to have many active contributors at all.
@_date: 2017-12-29 18:33:18
Ah. You want to continue to argue. OK.
This is the bitcoinunlimited repo's latest commits: 
I don't know if I've got the wrong one, because the last commit was in November, and there have only been five commits since August. Presumably the BitcoinUnlimited team are no longer using github?
This is bitcoinXT's repo: 
While you're correct that there are more commits from more varied people, the total number of contributors however is 330. And if you look at the contributors, the top contributors are all bitcoin core developers with commits from before the fork: 
How come none of the XT developers are in the top contributors? I hear you ask. Well, if we look at the latest commit, we discover why: 
That's right: that changed three lines.
Let's compare that to the latest bitcoin commit:  They changed 11 files, with 292 lines added and 213 lines deleted.
I've provided links so inquiring minds can look at the evidence themselves and make their own judgement, rather than trusting what either I or you say. Who knows, one of us might be cherry picking information! It's always important to validate these things for yourself.
@_date: 2017-12-29 20:39:50


I don't trust the numbers you've provided, but according to your own numbers, 8 of 24 developers that have made commits in the last year belong to two different companies. If we assume what you're saying is true, yes, that isn't perfect, but it's a lot better than the situation the bitcoin-abc repo has, where, in your own words, deadalnix has "done the bulk of the development", and yet apparently you don't think that is an issue.
It is hypocritical to expect one standard for the bitcoin development team and then not apply the same standard to whatever projects it is you happen to support. Either your thinking is extremely muddled, or you're intentionally ignoring inconvenient information while making your inept attempt to discredit the bitcoin development team.


No. Segwit2x was cancelled due to a single blog post signed by six people -- none associated with Blockstream, and who apparently had the power to stop the fork: 
The blog post suggests the reason they cancelled it is because they had "not built sufficient consensus". And it's a good job they hadn't, because a bug in the segwit2x code would have prevented the fork from taking place and would have severly damaged people's trust in cryptocurrencies: 
I am not going to address any more points from you as I believe I've discredited you thoroughly enough.
@_date: 2017-12-29 18:52:36


You previously said:


And yet here you are admitting that a *single* developer has done the bulk of the development for one of those teams, and the very same developer has also commited code for two of the other "teams". This suggests they aren't independent as you originally implied.
@_date: 2017-12-29 20:08:07
That's  and  out of all the commits made, including those before their respective forks, so actually it isn't a big stretch at all.
@_date: 2018-09-19 15:51:25


If you want to buy something, and don't want to spend the bitcoin you already have, you can always buy more bitcoin for the explicit purpose of getting the thing you want. That way you can hold and spend bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-18 07:30:35
or both of you have been brain washed.