@_author: bagain
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:55:48
follow the link in my post for a more accurate account of this bullshit
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:53:31
I feel like there are people commenting on this that only know a small part of the story. maybe some research should be done before condemning a guy who actually did something pretty amazing. I know, I know, that's the name of the game but comments like “he should rot in jail for breaking the law” are short sighted and slow minded bullshit:
   “Upon his arrest in October of 2013, six allegations of murder-for-hire were used to sensationalize the story. Fact: they were used as justification to deny him bail. And yet, when this current trial, with seven charges was brought, all allegations of murder-for-hire were mysteriously dropped. These six biggest crimes, the most abhorrent crimes, that he was publicly accused of: they were dropped.”
[link to one of a multitude of reports](
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:35:17
Of course, it would be ridiculous to argue that there were not (our would not be) abuses even though there were rules against such things. Even if those rules were set in place to give some theoretical safety net to the operators. My point is that this guy is indeed being railroaded, he is a victim of government excess. The sight was designed to use a system of currency that couldn't be controlled in a place that couldn't be controlled and that made it a huge target for the system that is in control. I don't see what's-his-nuts from Facebook going to prison, or even charged with anything for a guy using his app to broadcast a murder all over the world, live... how many of the things that went down on SR go on every day on Facebook and Zuckerbergs walking the streets. You can get just about anything you want on Craigslist buts it's still up. I don't think your argument is thought through. My point simply is that the man should not have been sentenced anything close to what he did and a lot of people who are far more informed that I think so as well. Just look into the questions around the case. It's a shit storm of half truths and misdirection from the judge to the agents sitting in jail (as well as the ones who got away Scott free) it's a fucking mess and a clear abuse of the system. 