@_author: bailbondshh
@_date: 2019-07-24 16:59:38
There's some odd things going on with Ross' defense right now. The other day in an interview his Mom says that he has five lawyers, though I'm not sure if that means five separate law firms or if there are teams of people.
Also, he has at least two lawyers both claiming to represent him for his Motion to Vacate. Both Paul Grant and and Zachary Newland have separately filed motions on behalf of Ross and both claim to represent him and claim that the other does not.
Last week judge Lorna Schofield ordered that "the two counsels who filed motions to vacate shall meet-and-confer with each other and with Petioner... the two counsels shall file a joint letter providing who represents Petioner."
@_date: 2018-06-28 22:12:03
10 to life. According to Lyn, Serrin Turner said regardless he was going to push for life. 
@_date: 2019-08-12 17:33:09
True, but if they could've suppressed the contents of the laptop, then I believe that would not have been admissible that they caught him red-handed.
I believe Dratel at one point tried to argue the data from the pen register and trap and traces were not admissible because they were obtained with a court order and not a warrant and were too general and lacked specificity? But the fact is that Dratel never received all the PRTT data the government was supposed to hand over.
Grant hired an expert to examine the data and it appeared to contain contradictions with what Tarbell stated under penalty of perjury to obtain the search warrant for the laptop.  I believe it the court agrees with this assertion then it would be found to be a structural error and would be cause for a new trial?
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:04:14
I did buy the sentencing transcript (and no I can't link it because that's how court reporters make any money).  
Apparently the Doctor X, or whoever he was was literally trying to sell at least one expired prescription to a buyer on top of doling out drug advice (Judge Forrest talks about it at the sentencing).  So he's not exactly on the up-and-up.
@_date: 2019-01-14 18:30:21
Tuscon was Ross' second choice.  It was also recommended by Judge Forrest in light of the fact that she refused to waive the PSF. See transcript below:
             MS. LEWIS:  Yes, your Honor.  We would like to ask for
    specific language regarding the designation request after
    further consultation with the family.
             First, while we understand that you don't -- we will
    be asking for the waiver of the public safety factor in light
    of the fact that the BOP still has the authority to do so.  If
    they determine so, we would ask if they do waive that, that he
      be designated to FCI Petersburg 1 which is a medium, and that
    you would recommend that they do so in light of the fact that
    Mr. Ulbricht's family is in the Richmond area.  And, in the
    alternative, if they don't waive the public safety factor,
    designation USP Tucson or as a second choice USP Coleman 2 on
    the basis that both of those facilities have special needs
    yards which are more appropriate.
             (Defendant and counsel conferring)
            THE DEFENDANT:  Second choice Allenwood.
            MS. LEWIS:  Second choice Allenwood, then.
             That's all, your Honor.
              THE COURT:  So, the Court will make a recommendation
    that while the BOP should determine the appropriate security
    level, if its determination is such that designation at one of
    those facilities is possible, that the Court recommends that
    the housing occur in that facility in that order.  All right.
@_date: 2019-01-14 18:01:03
That's how his lawyers argued it. 
@_date: 2015-04-02 19:02:45
Most likely not him.  He was living in South Austin past  November 2011.  Plus he didn't use an Apple computer, he was using a Sony laptop he bought with Amazon gift cards which he purchased with bitcoin