@_author: ballandblockchain
@_date: 2017-11-21 23:54:28


This is also true. Think I've got that sorted now, though.


Ah good to know, thanks!
@_date: 2017-11-20 03:48:45
So, 5 minutes from the exchange to the wallet, just to be clear?
We're still talking on the order of ~5-7 business days to transfer from bank to exchange though, correct?
@_date: 2017-11-20 04:57:26
I appreciate everything you've written, so thanks for all that.
I still have a couple questions though, if you don't mind.
The first one is, where does GDAX fit into all this? I've apparently got USD there now, but... this isn't an exchange, from what you're saying? It would appear my best next step is to get this into BTC using my address, but... hmm, so I just did an exchange from USD into BTC. Took under a second, which is finally something positive. One step forward.
I think I'd be somewhat content if I could figure out how to (easily?) transfer from GDAX to Coinbase. I thought I read somewhere in this subreddit that they're related. ~~I've been going through the GDAX and Coinbase menu options, and it's not immediately apparent how to make this transfer.~~ Aaand nevermind, I think I've just figured it out. Sheesh.
I suppose I should start peeling back the layers of every app I've mentioned so far, just to see whether they all reference the same (ie, my unique) address.
Intermediate question (since I was poking around the Coinbase UI):
I see what appear to be a handful of transactions, or should I say addresses. But each of these addresses appears to be unique for each transaction. And yet, these aren't my BTC address, as I understand it. I can't seem to find my actual address in Coinbase.
Next question: 


When I look through the BTC transactions I've done via Coinbase, I see 3 transactions: 'bought' is in there twice, and 'sent' is in there once. When I tap on 'sent', it shows a Note of "BitPay Wallet", and the amount is quite similar to one of the two 'bought' transactions. (I'm guessing the difference is somehow due to fees charged and paid out somewhere along the way.)
What isn't apparent to me is how I might transfer some or all of the remaining BTC in my Coinbase account over to my BitPay wallet.
I'm sure you can understand my reluctance to fumble around trying to ensure I'm entering a correct address, only to discover I've sent the BTC off to some lucky random person.
Third question:
Having a single wallet sounds perfect. But surely there's a common need/desire for a shared wallet, eg, between spouses (not unlike how spouses share a single credit card number)? Would both spouses simply set up a wallet on their individual phones (regardless of wallet app (with limitations, as I've discovered)) which share a common BTC address?
I've learned about the CoPay wallet, and while it's got some slick features, I wonder if it would be overkill for shared spousal access. Any thoughts there?
I take it it's still common/typical for money to take 5-7 business days to be transferred from a bank to an exchange? I've seen the credit card option (and how it's promoted as a way of doing 'quick' transfers), is this the preferred method used? Am I missing out on an obvious better option?
Think I've exhausted my questions for the moment. I keep finding myself going in circles on Coinbase and GDAX....