@_author: balldescension
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:16:03
It's not just textbooks. It's in a hell of a lot of consumer books on investing in stocks. The path these things follow is well understood and identifiable. When I saw the final turn towards exponential on the charts a week or two ago, I was in awe. It was like finally getting to see a rare bird in the wild.
Everything about the bitcoin bubble follows the patterns, including mainstream press suddenly getting involved with both feet. Had it been when magazines and papers still had circulation, you would check the three top circlators. If they all had bitcoin on the cover, this would be the dance. You drink an extra shot if they ask a question like "How high could it go? Is this the new normal?"
We're also seeing the come down, same as the easing from the dotcom.
People sifting through the ashes and coming to grips with the cognitive dissonance. "I am smart. Something was different. The context is different. Bitcoins aren't tulips."
I had no interest in talking about the sky falling on this, but I had searched for a way to short the bitcoin market. It's about once every 20 years. You need a generation that didn't live the pattern and thinks their dotcom or bitcoin era are somehow transcendent.
You need the enigmatic, ideological myth at the beginning. This is about freedom, not greed! Early believers who benefit massively and, in some sense, publicly. It's the revolution, not greed! You need easing of entry for new players/fools and the great crescendo. It's happening, we are about to change the world, AND GET RICHCHCHCHCHCH!!!!!
You're lucky if someone gets caught with a buy order on the way down. They were more foolish than you.
You can expect 90%-99% to disappear before the air is finally out.
Bitcoins won't likely find traction until &lt;$26 but that might not take hold until $2.60.
At that point, the dealers and pornographers can go about their business.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:25:08
Once people separated utility from price, it was all over.
Currency trading is musical charis. You might be better than someone else, but the music will stop unless you are merely skimming froth off the top of a vital economy. By trading in bc, maybe you help facilitate liquidity which provides a needed function for the value of bitcoin which is transactions between product/service providers and customers.
That economy would have to come first. Problem with that is it's not sexy and the complexity+rewards of bitcoin mining essentially created the speculative community which may just completely trash this specific p2p currency. All we need is kazaa to step up and take over from napster.
@_date: 2013-04-15 14:54:22
A book on a shelf in the library is not serving the purpose of transfer of ideas. Maybe it's holding up the other books on the shelf? Maybe as toilet paper or kindling, the material nature of a book has some value outside of savings account of ideas.
Intrinsic value is value of the object outside of some fantasy role it may play in economic transactions. If you can't trade the book for services, other books, etc. and you refuse to wife your ass with it or burn it, it has no intrinsic value.
Maybe you could hollow it out and use it to hide scrolls of bitcoin data. Cold storage as it were.
