@_author: baltazarbazar
@_date: 2019-01-01 17:22:14
I meant all sorts of freelance jobs, like web design, translations, programming, etc. Something like [fiverr.com]( but more liberal. I seem to get banned from fiverr for using ToR
@_date: 2019-01-04 11:23:36
yes they do, but they ban any account using ToR
@_date: 2019-01-01 22:31:25
that's the answer I was hoping for:) now just to go through that list and see which of the sites has the most active participants. 
For example if you check the frelancer's side on [xbtfreelancer.com]( the last seen on the latest freelancer shows as 266 days ago. This pretty much makes the site dead
@_date: 2019-01-01 16:42:27
To leave some good info on the Internet for other people who will be facing the same dilemma, I found this:
A good place to start is [coinatmradar.com]( where you can find local Bitcoin ATM machines in your area. For each ATM listing there is also the operators contact info. If the machine is far from you it might be a good idea to give the operator a call to ask about the requirements, limits, amount availability and fees before driving there. The ATMs will charge a fee which usually ranges between 2-6%. This is a price we currently pay for freedom (thus the 7% discount automatically provided by our system to offset this fee).
For US people [ is another useful option. Bitquick acts as an escrow for Bitcoin transactions via cash deposits at banks across the US. Through their system the buyer and seller agree on an amount. The seller deposits the Bitcoins at BitQuick. Once the buyer deposits the cash into the seller’s account the coins are released by Bitquick to the buyer.
[Localbitcoins.com]( is also a good option - there you will find exchangers who offer to buy or sell bitcoin at current market price (+ or - their fee). Evey seller there has public history rating and reviews. You should buy only from people who have more than 30 previous transfers and 100% positive rating. The localbitcoins system keeps all BTC safely in escrow until both buyer and seller agree/confirm that the transfer is OK. You can find sellers in your area (or at least your country), they will accept all sorts of payment methods (bank wire transfer or even cash in person). Localbitcoin didn't use to force people to identify themselves, but nowadays it might be mandatory to register and provide a photo ID, phone number, etc.
[wallofcoins.com]( is another option. It is available for people in the United States, Canada, Germany, Argentina, Latvia, Poland, and the Philippines. It is a peer to peer Bitcoin exchange that allows you to buy Bitcoins but it is mandatory for wallofcoins users to provide a photo ID and a valid phone number in order to use their service.
You can also buy Bitcoins from big exchanges like [bitstamp.net]( [coinbase.com]( and more are listed here: [ 
The big exchanges will require you to identify yourself (upload a copy of your ID and utility bill) just like banks do. It might take a few days before you are able to buy/sell BTC with them.
Here is a list of several other places you can get Bitcoin from:
There is also a fully decentralized exchange which can only be used through a downloadable application at [
This exchange might be difficult to get the hang of for novice users but on the plus side there is no ID required, it cannot be banned is not controlled by anyone while still being safe to use.
@_date: 2018-12-13 11:26:35
I was expecting a few good inputs, since this thread would be useful for all newbies to come. I guess the thread was missing lambo and moon references to be interesting enough