@_author: bama4255
@_date: 2014-09-24 17:06:41
&amp;gt; you're relying on an arbitrary limit in coins to make you money 
The only way this limit will make the price of bitcoin go up is a consistently higher demand for buying over selling. Also, how is limit arbritrary? It is clearly defined.
&amp;gt;To look at the Bitcoins themselves as valuable is the same as taking a dollar bill and valuing it in terms of the paper it is made from
I encourage you to look at bitcoin as a technology to determine it's value. It is a currency powered by mathematics and fortified by the blockchain. I value bitcoins because I see the potential as not only a way to transfer money over the internet (because we already had that) but also as a revolutionary technology with huge software integration capabilities.
You're trying to fit bitcoin into your small box that is your definition of currency and investments.
On the contrary, could you give me a reason why the utilities and technological capabilities do not bring value to bitcoin? Regardless of how much the current value (or price) of bitcoin is, do you not at least find some value?
@_date: 2014-09-24 14:53:48
You're making an ultimatum that is not logical. Think of supply and demand.  If bitcoin reaches wide acceptance, than the price will go up, purely due to an increased number of users and a limited supply. (Demand shifts to the right) The contrapositive statements you make have no evidence whatsoever. In truth, if bitcoin becomes widely used, it will be proven that the price will increase due to a higher demand of bitcoins, even if only for utility.
Something to think about, if one person is to value bitcoin based on utility and another person values bitcoin based on a store of value, and if bitcoin is moving towards widespread use, would these not both increase the price of bitcoin? 
The person that values bitcoin purely for the utility of bitcoin will most likely hold a small amount of bitcoin and only buy bitcoin when they want to use it. I feel that a lot of bitcoin users are at this stage, which makes perfect sense. The idea is that if enough people are using bitcoin like this, and due to a limited supply of bitcoin, the price will increase purely on the demand of the many recognizing value through utility.
In the case that someone is buying bitcoin for an investment or a store of value, if wide acceptance occurs and a lot of people are buying bitcoin as a store of value, there will be less coins on exchanges leading to a higher price per coin.
@_date: 2014-09-25 02:37:35
Hardware &gt; software