@_author: bamer78
@_date: 2018-03-10 00:43:05
@_date: 2013-07-03 00:21:57
Couple of problems with that. First not everything deteriorates. The human mind grows and improves as life goes on. We learn, we experience, we make mistakes. Through this process our mind improves constantly until death or disease interrupts this process. Science tells us that our incredible planet we live on formed from a ring of dust formed from an explosion. It seems that increasing entropy is not the only force at work in the universe.
Second point. Let's say that you were wealthy and I wanted to build a house. I agree to work for you for 1 year in exchange for the materials for me to build a house. Simply put, one year (wages)= materials for a house (goods). Now let a generation go by and my son goes to your son for the same deal. Because of "inflation", now my son has to work for 1.5 years to get enough material. The work has not changed, the materials are the same, so what is different? The value of the work has decreased. The following generations have to give more of their life in order to have the same things that previous generations had. This is a scam against all people.
@_date: 2013-06-05 01:20:45
Bravo! The idea that money should always inflate makes me sick. The hubris of believing that people won't notice their money slowly declining in value, with no chance of deflation by design, is the fuel that propels the protests that are occurring in countrys around the world that have adopted this kind of evil banking practice.
@_date: 2013-07-03 13:08:43
I don't believe any of that. The prices doctors charge stays the same no matter how many doctors there are. The amount of wood and brick it takes to build a house is the same as it ever was. So if that is true, why do both spouses in a household have to work to support having a house? If wages had kept up with inflation (which it has not), then one earner in a middle class job would be able to buy a house and support a family, because that is the way things used to be. What is different? The services provided by teachers, police, nurses, etc. are the same, the raw materials to build a house are basically the same, so why is it that one earner can't accomplish what was possible 30 years ago? Why is it normal for people's wages to decrease with respect to buying power? The numbers on the check may be higher, but that does not translate into increased purchasing power. Another way to ask that would be, using a single example, what is inherently different in the services provided by a police officer today vs. 30 years ago? What is different about the services then and now provided that justifies paying a wage that cannot sustain a house and family with that single income?
@_date: 2013-06-07 04:57:27
There is a problem with that in that, for example, let's say it cost $60,000 to build a house today in material. If you were to put the money in a jar for 20 years, with inflation, you could not buy enough materials to build a house anymore because your money has lost buying power. Even if you invest at a rate of return higher than inflation, you don't get a correlating increase in real wealth because you money is worth less and less. I don't know what part of that seems normal to you, but it seems like a scam to me.
@_date: 2013-07-03 23:16:45
Uhh, no. Here are the median house prices adjusted for inflation for the last 100 years.
This has nothing to do with supply and demand and everything to do with corrupt banking practices. You think that wages and prices keep up with inflation? What planet are you on? You speak of these things like they are some benign numbers on a spreadsheet without any consideration to the real world effects of the policies behind the numbers. The government and policymakers in Washington are directly threatening the welfare of the middle class and yet you come to their defense like you read it in a book somewhere. Unless you have some specific points you wish to debate based on facts instead of globalist propaganda, I think we are done here.
@_date: 2013-07-04 01:21:35
So the wages increase 4 fold, while the housing prices increase 11 fold. Thank you for proving my point for me.