@_author: bana3000
@_date: 2018-02-05 08:44:16
Hello, first time commenter here. Been in this space for sometime though. I've delved deep into the tech and the story of this disruptive innovation. I am compelled to say this: it is incredible how threatened all the status quo parties are by this disruptive technology. I would like to point out the following: many news outlets reveal stories way after the fact to create fear: latest example the tether debacle that was one month old from when the media decided to spin in it two days ago 2) stories are manipulated to the point where it becomes a falsity ( example: india banning crypto, not true 3) There is a constant pressure to make sure that jack and jill don't buy crypto and get rich from it, which then leaves these very same status quo people holding the majority of the crypto... For instance today, many different media outlets are saying that banks are no longer accepting the use of their credit cards for crypto purchases. This is today's story. The banks are the very same people that feel totally threatened, so since they are the system, they are fighting back by telling you the client, what you are allowed and not allowed to buy using their credit card. Its irony at its finest. There is another amazing crypto payment platform called bitwala a german team offering a fantastic product, but the visa distributor that they had a deal with to print their crypto cards pulled the plug on them because VISA itself banned its distributor from supplying crypto payment platforms. You can see clearly- how those that are happy with the status quo will do everything they can to keep it at their controls. But what can one do? People are motivated by fear, and because their isn't a 'centralized' crypto front yet.. it is in its infancy can be compared to a baby going against 50 giants in battle... add to that people's greed at the same time, and u get a situation we are in now. I find it insane that a bank can tell me what i am not allowed to purchase with my money and facebook's zuckerberg who is part of the status quo (facebook technology is literally byzantine at this point) tells us what Ads we are allowed to see (he recently banned crypto Ads), while he receives billions for Ads we don't want to see. All i can say is this: blockchain is the people. Remember that. 