@_author: bangohat4
@_date: 2018-05-24 03:18:42
Looks like the Ponzi is finally collapsing. 20k was and will always be bitcoins all time high. Good news is that if you have money on the side this year might turn in to last year. Get in to coins for nothing and watch them run back up. We are not even close to the bottom. Maybe 3k bitcoin before it settles. It did run up like a million percent. Think people are finally giving in and taking those massive profits. The hodl meme was pushed by the rich who got in early. Keep hodling while they take their huge gains.
@_date: 2018-06-10 04:20:59
This is how I feel about this market lately. 
@_date: 2018-06-02 18:40:59
What the hell are you talking about boy? Just use cash!! Not that hard to turn bitcoin in to cash if you really want to help them. For starters, anything that starts with Island is a bad thing. Look at Hawaii right now. They will be the first to be destroyed by volcanoes and the ice melting. Might want to take to higher ground.
@_date: 2018-06-02 18:30:01
My friends say buy bitcoin! and use words like moon and lambo but I have no regrets. Just bought this bad boy. 
@_date: 2018-06-02 18:51:52
This is a huge business for the corrupt. The police in multiple countries have fights for parts of the highways from Florida to New York to see who gets to rob them first. If you travel with cash they can legally take it and say you are a drug dealer. Pretty sad that our country is called great but yet we are probably the most corrupt. Notice cops take care of their own, Politicians take care of their own. When a cop murders someone or assaults someone he gets a few months paid vacation until they throw it out of court. Sadly if your wife is complaining and you are a cop just go blow someone away and take her on a vacation to shut her up. I see some people saying you must claim your money when flying but why? It's your money! When driving who do you claim the money to? Hey I'm driving from Florida to New York today with some cash. What they are doing is called theft. Like I said they fight over what roads they patrol and snatch any money they can and it's up to you to hire a lawyer and try and get it back. Sometimes it happens but could take years.  This cop was mad because he had to work the beach instead of getting to steal money. [ You know the cop had a boner. Feel sorry for his wife. Probably beats the crap out of her.