@_author: banishedmaps
@_date: 2015-05-02 14:41:30
Good for you, but obviously OP had an issue. Total of $200 missing from the deposits in the original post.
@_date: 2015-05-02 14:26:39
Note about the drop down: That shows a massive lack of IT knowledge by the people running the site. There should be no way the initial value is selected, since the page checks for any invalid entries already.          
If the user fails to put their name or account info, the form does not submit. It stays on the same page and the button does not function.         
However, there is no catch for the bank, meaning there are probably other missing error checks.           
If this was a little site like mine that'd be no issue, but these guys are dealing with peoples money.        
There should be no option for the entry to be invalid and allowed to be processed. At the very least the administration should be notified at any time there is an error like this (which could be done by checking the fields and comparing them to all possible values. Some could not be, such as numbers and names, but some can be such as dynamic pricing and bank names).           
It also seems that you can enter non-numerical characters in the dynamic bitcoin field and they can give you some odd values of coins. This is another issue. A simple stripping of everything except "0-9%-" would fix this, but it's been uncorrected since the sites been up.          
Lastly, double spends should not be possible. I've seen several users report on this, and there should be several safeguards in place to prevent it.         
Basically, Bitquick is managing a persons stocks. They accidentally sell the too much of the stock, more than they have. So, instead of trying to recoup it or paying for their own mistake, they are asking the stockholder to buy more stock to sell to correct the their own mistakes without any form of compensation.           
That's a shitty business model.          
You don't ask customers to correct you own mistakes, especially in the financial field. Not everyone has an extra hundred dollars they can fork out on a whim just because your programming skills are inept.              
Overall, this is most likely grounds for some legal action already, as it's over a couple thousand dollars users have reported missing now from this service.            
@_date: 2015-05-02 14:03:20
Until their site operates properly (no double charges) I think everyone should avoid them.            
They offer no compensation for their mistakes that in the end cost the customer their money.