@_author: banterpanther
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:54:23
Well it seems to me that he is giving room to the upside of 10%, and not so much on below 10% once the dust settles. I think that what he said is fine given the context and the fact that we don't know the upper bound of the amount of bitcoins being held in gox, potentially never to be seen again.
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:04:23
Oh thank god only upwards of 6% are stolen, and not upwards of 10% (which could potentially be the case once everything 100% comes out of the wash.)
I feel sooo much better.
We are only discussing the stolen bitcoins that caused this problem, not all the other bitcoins held in deposit above this number that are now being held indefinitely). If the total of 750,000 bitcoins was ALL of the bitcoins controlled by gox, then wouldn't bankruptcy be 100% assured? It seems to me like gox still has some money, but a rather large chunk was taken, and this puts the rest of the coins on deposit at risk. Anyone have numbers on that?
@_date: 2013-09-17 20:05:22
Oh that sounds magical cypher. Ya, these guys are toooootallly not into this stuff for the money. They want to HELP people. That's why they sued zuckburg, to stop him from ruining the future....
I guess you missed the part where they are raising investors so that they can control the btc and not individual buyers, who they say are "taking a risk" by buying it themselves. Ya they are so pro-btc and not pro themselves.... /s
 Stop drinking all of the cool-aid and share it with the rest of the cult members. We want this suicide party to run smoothly before the comet comes.
@_date: 2013-08-30 05:13:14
Tell you what, I'll take every item you ever bought with real money in your local currency. Lets see how far btc gets you when you dont have a computer, e-wallet, phone or internet to use that currency. I don't need any of those with cash, do I? You think that btc is in a vacuum? It doesn't exist in the real world (i.e DIGITAL CURRENCY). Which means you are REQUIRED to use those items, so its an expense of ownership whether you see it as such or not. You had to buy/pay for all those items in order to get 1 btc, and you have to continue to pay for those items in order to use and gather btc (even if that's all you use those items for). This means that btc is always denominated in your local currency(the one used to buy those items and keep them running so that you can keep using btc), and is just an unnecessary extra step to do a simple transaction. It's a hobby item at best.
At the end of the day, any btc you use will be exchanged to local currency, and thus, you can work and get local currency and use that for the same effect, less hassle and probably pay a lot less overall. 
9flats are short term hotel-room substitutes and sublets (I know this well enough since I make most my money in that industry) and they usually cost well above "market" rate for a similar product.
If you are willing to pay above market rate in order to use your "currency" despite the fact that at the end of the day 9flats transfers btc to local cash anyways in order to pay it's people/landlords (which means that btc is only as good as the local currency you use to trade with it), that's fine. Waste your money.
Unlike you, I actually don't use money as a luxury hobby item, and try and get the best/stable living situation I can afford (1 year lease, for market rate or less) instead of having to worry about where I'll end up in a week. And they need proof of income and a well funded bank account. But hey, that room you pay $99/night and might get mugged in? I get a similar item for $60/night and don't have to worry about a thing.
Also: 
So bitcoin is fiat now? So why not just use mainstream fiat money? You just showed your own ignorance of the subject.
Oh boy.
@_date: 2013-09-19 12:59:33
Lol your misplaced reply~!
You forgot one smart ass: It has internal value as a ponzi scheme to the ponzi schemers because other people incorrectly think it has value (thanks to the ponzi schemers) and are placing their cash into it by buying btc. Thus creating a value that can be pillaged by those who know it's a ponzi scheme (and valueless) and control it's false existence. Taking advantage of those people and siphoning that value at the end of the day, leading to zero real value for anyone but the ponzi schemers, who export it to another system. Religion and the church, btc and the ponzi. Holy communions.
BTW: Did you really just use solipsism to counter apparent solipsism?
You think it's nonsense, but as you said, you are being selectively solipsist about a technically non-solipsist assertion. Also, I'm pretty sure debating solipsism is the dumbest thing to come out of philosophy in the last few hundred years, and while I am glad you can finally put your degree to use for once, it's ultimately pointless in this discussion, since we are using external and externally provable situations (ponzi scheme, you being a fucking asshole) and not internal impossible questions, which are retarded (god exists dilemma). 
There's that subjectivity of yours: Did i say "if everyone believes X, then X is true"? Last I checked, I placed a PROBABLY in there, this is to affirm with doubts, which means I am not making a certain claim. It is a neutral statment, which as a biased radical you are, took as some kind of argument/counter argument god bullshit side discussions. While it looks true (if 100% of people believe in god, that's a pretty strong probably), it can also be 100% false (there just so happens to not be a god at the end.. oh well).
Comparing the existence of god (which is a completely subjective belief system that cannot be proven or denied because it is a paradox of both existing and non existing... in the collective human psyche "be it a singular entity or multiple independents collectively creating the question" aka the ultimate quantum PROBABLY) to the existence of your good or bad personality as seen by the larger whole of humanity(which can be proven or disproved in multiple ways, both by people who are a part of your solipsist or non-solipsist reality "whichever you like", because whether you created the people around you or not, you believe in what your reality is, and any reflected doubts you might have can be further understood by simply asking the right questions. "Am I an asshole?" "I feel like an asshole... did I just rant about the technical characteristics of sophistry to myself on the internet? Ya? I'm a total asshole"
or "Hey guy who is maybe a reflection of my own imagination or a totally different being of existence, am I an asshole?" "Yes, I totally did that solipsist related rant, yep!" "Oh, so I am a total asshole, okay thanks!") is a jump in logic and retarded. 
A proven-unprovable metaphysical question is not the same as a psychology or finance-related question, and while I can technically see where you branched out of the "special tree" to grab on (I mean you did use the same sentence structure, congrats!), its not even close to the same.
Worst case you don't agree with me, and we can go down that rabbit hole of subjective truth vis a vis reality blahblah, and I will say you are still an over-book-read college retard. Or I just ignore you after this and you can continue to play with yourself.
@_date: 2013-07-31 20:58:32
Keep hoping for a miracle, chump.
@_date: 2013-03-29 13:03:00
Hahaha these guys are hilarious.
"Here's the thing you ordered... months later than planned and for 10x the price you bought it for, and not offering the performance/watt we advertised... and it might overheat too, but since we are giving you such a crappy product, the power might not be enough to run it all so it might be fine... but we don't know yet because we haven't finished the last 5 layers so who knows! :)"
"Oh right, and because you paid 8x as much (thanks btc market!), we'll be cool and give you 2 crappier units that still under-perform per watt, but they may turn into 2 regular units if you fuck with the power and cooling system enough and void your warranty on a product that has never been fully tested in real life applications. If you have any issues, let us know so that we may completely ignore you while counting the 6000% profit margins we just made!"
P.S. "Enjoy the recent bumps in difficulty that make these things lose a majority of their upside! We sure as hell loved having a monopoly on them when they actually made money! :) Now you can have them since they don't :) TEEHEE"
@_date: 2013-09-13 07:43:17
Well *obviously*, this scam failed because he was stupid and tried to feed on insecurity about technical ability to counter viruses. The average btc user doesn't fall for that obvious shit.
They fall for other obvious shit.
He didn't promise amazingly improbable vaporware or a revolutionary *insert unoriginal irl service/site here* in exchange for an upfront non-refundable btc contribution in good faith. That's how you get the typical dopes that use btc.
If you want to scam the average stupid btc users, you have to use greed and faith instead of technical fear.
When will these old school scammers learn?!
@_date: 2013-10-05 15:59:33
Keep using excuses to try and make your pathetic lives feel a little safer. :)
@_date: 2013-09-19 09:06:22
True, only the bit idiots aren't calling it this. So the "bitiot" community can stay safe in their little circle of ignorant stupidity.
@_date: 2013-09-14 08:35:55
Which one?
1. Investment ponzi: New investors pay for older investor's expected returns.
2. Marketing ponzi: See pyramid scheme
3. Asset Ponzi: Aka Bubble, aka Institutional Speculation: See housing Crisis
BTC is a hybrid of multiple versions of this scheme. It counters many of the warning signs built into REAL markets by self-inflating value at a exponential rate. At some point btc will be worth $0 or $1 million. Dangerous potential.
How BTC will end:
1. The promoter vanishes, taking all the remaining investment money(which excludes payouts to investors already made). Satoshi and countless other supporters of the faith have or will vanish as each cashes out with some quick mini-scam money. BFL is my current example of a well run btc ponzi.
2. Since the scheme requires a continual stream of investments to fund higher returns, once investment slows down, the scheme collapses as the promoter starts having problems paying the promised returns (the higher the returns, the greater the risk of the Ponzi scheme collapsing). Such liquidity crises often trigger panics, as more people start asking for their money, similar to a bank run. *Pretty much every btc related "investment".* Hard to tell when the "BIG ONE" will happen as we are still in the relatively early stages. We've seen mini panics where some of the "real" btc runners cashed out quick and re-inflated just like how the stock market is re-bubbling after the big guys cashed out and waited to buy back in. Rinse, repeat.
3. External market forces, such as a sharp decline in the economy (for example, the Madoff investment scandal during the market downturn of 2008), cause many investors to withdraw part or all of their funds.
We have yet to test this with reality, as BTC has risen in the aftermath of the economic collapse. People forget that you require a discretionary income (aka investment/play money) in order to buy btc. If discretionary income were to fall, so would the market demand for btc, as it's basically a hobby for speculators or storing wealth. In the event that they need to access that wealth in mass quantities "I.E, *a run*" would collapse the market and cause most of the holding and conversion companies to close or have significantly long wait times. A run in btc would get a whole lot bloodier than in real life since there is no taxpayer to bail out the private btc banks. 
@_date: 2013-07-09 03:37:34
This sounds about right. A bunch of dumb/ignorant sheep-people with no clue how to understand market fundamentals in a high volatility market... That is the average btc user in a nutshell. A sucker waiting to be taken for every penny.
@_date: 2013-09-14 03:44:36
You don't seem to have a proper grasp on this. Internal functions or not, paypal is an electronic/digital currency. If it were not, then you could not transact or transfer credit from A to B via the internet.
Will you admit to me that paypal uses its own proprietary credit transfer system (i.e a currency) in order to function? They just removed the volatility of having an open "market" for that credit/currency. BTC is paypal without the stability. In fact, most people say they use btc instead of paypal for x reason or y issues. If they are not similar mediums of exchange, then how could there be this competition?
See here for an example of this common discussion:
You will notice that they openly discuss the same issues that I discuss when explaining the irrelevance of btc.
Furthermore, here's a little bit of insight if you still have issues:
@_date: 2013-09-16 03:29:04
The objective of bitcoin is to not screw people. Happily paying people who make money screwing people isn't exactly a helpful thing.
@_date: 2013-09-14 04:07:13
If you introduce $60 trillion of a given currency into a market of $60 trillion, you end up with a $120 trillion market for $60t of demand. Inflation tells us that the value would be cut in half assuming equal valuation, all things held constant. Thus, the theoretical maximum value of all btc (assuming $ demand stays the same and everyone in the world has equal access and use for btc) is $30t. $1.5m per coin.
Internet transactions represent $1.2 trillion of the current GWP of $72 trillion, or approx 1.6% of world GWP. As btc is a digital currency, and is thus used virtually for internet-based transactions, btc would technically be worth 1.6% of the dollar value of the world, or $48 usd per coin. This assume equal economic value of btc to dollar, which currently is not the case, but getting better. If other currencies are introduced and take equal market share, this number can be cut into fractions of the current estimate I have placed here. 
Edit: I forgot credit and derivatives, which equates to at least $1.2 quadrillion usd.
That's 1,200 trillion, of which current GWP is 5% of that total.
Btc has a LOT of growing to do in order to reach that kind of valuation.
@_date: 2013-10-04 01:57:30
It is a scam. Many fools got scammed by this. Whether you will get your money back or a unit is another discussion, but this was a scam and you got scammed. The seller sold you on fraudulent (optimistic) information that turned out to be false. Incompetence made this into a real scam, but it was a "scam" the second you suckers blindly believed that the seller lies and didn't do their proper due diligence.
@_date: 2013-09-14 04:44:57
Currency is a token, an IOU.
Gold standard = IOU 1 ounce of gold for this dollar.
Current Standard = IOU whatever the marketd thinks the $ is worth, assuming the market understands its true value.
Paypal Standard= IOU $1 for every paypal $1, translated in whatever currency you use.
BTC standard = IOU whatever the market thinks the BTC is worth, assuming the market understand it's true value.
Unless paypal clears and transfers bank account money instantaneously (aka the money teleports instantly to the bank account and it's seen as such by your local bank), then I have to take faith in the currency value of paypal's credit until such time as the transaction is physically completed.
@_date: 2013-08-30 04:32:04
Not really. I've met plenty lately...
@_date: 2013-10-06 14:08:05
Actually, it's an ad hominem response to an instigating ad hominem attack you fucking retard. Go suck on a tailpipe, you are obviously too stupid to live. Typical bitiot.
@_date: 2013-08-22 06:42:48
How is regulation going to increase corruption? Corruption is a 100% natural aspect of all markets. You are right that more corruption is *noticed* when there is more regulation; It's funny how you notice more corruption once you actually monitor for it.
Also, how on earth is anyone not able to game the system currently? You know that the average volume has been less than $9 million/day for most of btc's existence. Do you know how EASY it would be to disrupt a market that small? Penny stocks probably trade more on average than BTC, and they are well known for pump and dump schemes.  
If I had $10 million (which really isn't that hard to get if you wanted to rig a system) it wouldn't take me very long to do a whole lot of damage. I could either spam buy/sell orders all day and make it appear that there is a TON of volume coming into the market. This would cause people to want to buy more thinking there's going to be an uptick in prices. I could simply spam BUY at some ludicrous price and hope the idiots buy into my pump. Or I could just sell a whole day's market worth a BTC in 20 minutes and crash the whole fucking thing. I am also pretty sure that it has happened and continues to happen today. I could also just make the btc market just go choppy for the remainder of eternity using the same systems that even a tiny hedge fund has access to. 
The world's entire capitalization of all stocks is currently valued at $52 trillion dollars and the current BTC market is worth less than a typical small cap company listed on the nyse. You are theorizing that BTC will "in the next few years" be worth the entire GDP of Belgium? How? Coin production and thus supply is very limited, and the entire IDEA of BTC is to be a replacement currency meaning that prices will also be dictated by the ability of the population to afford to use them. Your assumption means that either BTC will stay the same price but the number of available BTC will increase by roughly 100x, or the price of BTC will rise by 100x and the number of coins will stagnate at current levels.  It's going to be a pain to pay for items using .0012144 btc or being scammed by a guy who accidentally added or subtracted a 0 from that 7 digit decimal. Who's coding the SUB-BTC to pay for smaller transactions? Is anyone making a BTC penny/nickle/quarter? I don't know about you, but I would be annoyed having to count decimals if trading in pure btc markets. If we have to use outsider currencies as a conversion metric, then you haven't removed yourself at all from "the man" you are so worried about anyways.
BTC is not competition to these systems; it's the price of a lottery ticket compared to what the big guys do DAILY. Big guys couldn't even operate their office staff for a day on the profits they could make from manipulating BTC to the ground.
Also, BTC doesn't need "the man" from the real world since I can guarantee that there are already plenty of them built into market. Some got lucky and got a ton of btc early for $100 and turned it into a fortune, others scammed it, and more have surely hacked it. Some have made a killing from learning to mine and/or charging others for managing their coins. 
No, what BTC needs is a reality check. Everyone seems to think that "the man" is some shadowy corporate or government figure with the power to end the btc universe... Everyone also thinks that BTC is some super market that is magically separated from "the man". These are either lies perpetuated by people trying to make a quick buck, or by suckers who listened to the cheerleaders that are trying to take them for their money and can't think critically enough to not just parrot what they've been told.
You can be sure that there are plenty of people with a whole lot of market ownership that could do whatever they want with btc, and probably do. You can call them the "BTC MAN" if you like, and I am sure they dont care what the fuck you call them.
@_date: 2013-09-14 03:31:31
Paypal is NOT a bank. Check it's legal structure and regulation.
@_date: 2013-08-22 05:48:40
Oh wow 72,738?! That's only 1/110,000th of the daily stock market trade volume! This must be getting pretty serious, and I doubt anyone could manipulate such a ~~shallow~~ DEEP market!
@_date: 2013-06-29 21:47:00
This isn't "PR". It's a scam artist playing hardball in order to keep his scam alive.
@_date: 2013-08-30 05:59:12
So, you want dreamhost to have a script that automatically (and continuously) changes the service prices based on current btc value in their local currency, set up a secure wallet server, btc client database system to ensure payments and charge backs are done properly and for the right people/services, a coinbase account, request that funds be instantly/constantly transferred into local cash (paying for each transaction) and hope they don't suspend the transaction or randomly shut off for 10 hours (if not permanently by feds) and prey that their bank account doesn't get cancelled for using btc transactions. Then they would have to hire an auditor/attorney to ensure that there is zero illegal activity occurring from payments made in btc to keep the feds/tax man off their ass. Now dreamhost has to hope that no one requests a cancellation of services and needs an immediate refund of x btc with the new btc price being 30% higher than it was worth 1 day ago, otherwise reddit goes crazy with anti-dreamhost protests for not refunding the EXACT btc or cash (whichever is higher) because of the market volatility.
They don't put that much work into a system with only a handful of people who would actually care about not being able to pay in btc because they already have a profitable system with a huge user base and don't need to deal with the extra hassle for such a small payoff.
Decisions, Decisions...
@_date: 2013-09-16 23:14:15
I love it. One thread devoted to how amazing btc is at being transferred (quickly and cheaply) and on the same page, another person pissed about how aggravating, time consuming (and expensive) to actually get a single one of these damned things.
Whenever there is such a duality, WATCH OUT.
@_date: 2013-10-03 14:06:27
Another nail in btc's coffin made of shit. :)
@_date: 2013-09-28 05:36:32
It's funny how this "truth" video has the exact same information as all the other shill videos... 
Can someone send me the wide range of propaganda films trying to block the reality of btc so much that this guy has to post a "truth" video about btc? I honestly haven't seen any. Mostly because no one actually cares about btc enough to make up an argument to dismiss it's stupidity...
@_date: 2013-08-22 22:48:05
I look for value in things. Most/all tangible things have some kind of value, either inherently, or from the derivation of the thing into a product of value.
Currently, BTC has zero value, or close to it. As a currency, BTC should be valued based on some kind of LEGAL activity/good that is traded exclusively in BTC or because of BTC's unique characteristics. This would actually make it a currency and not a worthless currency derivative. Undeclared currency off shoring/laundering isn't exactly legal, neither are drugs and prostitution so I wont declare those a win.  No one but BTC owners would be negatively impacted should any good or service stop being traded with BTC tomorrow. Not one legitimate corporation/business uses BTC as an exclusive currency due to lack of demand produced by users of that currency. All other world currencies have SOMETHING (not matter how minor) that is required by other countries/economies/companies/people at all times with which they use to give their currency an intrinsic value. They base their value off of goods such as: precious resource reserves, military power or goods/services, luxury beaches and nice climate, hospitality, monuments, cheap labor, tax sheltering ability, narcotics production, etc.
So far, I can't think of anything that BTC is exclusively known for that can't be easily replaced by a number of other, more common and "safer" local currencies. This is what I think will be the "make or break" point of BTC. If/When BTC has an actual good/service that cannot be replicated in a cheaper, easier and safer way, then you will see it finally have an inherent value.
Cheaper and easier: Services provided are competitive to other similar systems provided by other currencies/markets. No need to have a TOR browser or a virtual currency wallet or an internet connection to work, doesn't require me to have to guess if a service provider is legit, and the ability to get your money back if a service/product fails to be delivered. Similar or better loaning amounts and interest rates compared to other currencies and markets. Higher service/product availability.
Safer: Low chances of hacking and manipulation, low volatility (10%+ daily moves is not what I consider safe enough to transact business) with high volume to prevent scalping/scams, no localized destruction/disruption and pricing divergence. How would BTC help people in syria if they have no internet access? How would btc help local farmers buy the goods they need if btc in NYC is worth more than what it is in the countryside? What happens if a larger us company decides to corner the miner market and cause that 51% attack so feared by the system.
Many of these issues are not being addressed enough. Providers are not trustworthy, and neither is the majority of the consumer/customer base.
@_date: 2013-09-14 04:18:25
Last I checked, paypal is a widely circulated and generally accepted medium of exchange online. I can go anywhere on the internet and even in real life now and buy things using my paypal card.
Whether I have to manually convert the exchange currency or not is the only difference, so paypal is actually a better choice to me since I am a lazy fuck.
@_date: 2013-10-02 06:35:59
I guess the guy figured that since he was being sold fake money, he could use more fake money to buy it. Smart guy.
@_date: 2013-09-14 02:49:37
I guess reality pisses the btc players off USRN, sorry for being downvoted for telling the facts.
@_date: 2013-09-14 06:24:17
Nope. 
@_date: 2013-08-30 05:02:17
I like how billgates doesn't even mention the existence of btc, yet everyone assumes he's talking about btc. 
Edit: Bill Gates called btc a tour de force of technical prowess in another discussion, but conceded that the world governments are the ones that will be the creators/heralds/destroyers of such a system. He is basically saying, "this is a great item, too bad its not workable for mass production and the bigger company has a similar product with a shit ton of brand loyalty". Don't be too shocked when btc isn't chosen as the world digital currency in the next few decades. 
Since when has government ever been a source of enforcing the vox populi? Do you think they'd start with btc just because a few thousand people say it's the jesus currency?
@_date: 2013-09-13 09:16:55
The phrase "as long as you can" means what?
It means, so long as blocks can be mined and be profitable, feel free if someone is willing to buy it. It's self limiting to artificially increase scarcity and thus market price if someone where to base price on supply and demand systems.
A system that is built to go up isn't a good representation of reality. In fact, it directly replicates a bubble.
@_date: 2013-09-19 13:10:52
Tell you what, write a 10 page report on it and the implication of not using the proper academic philosophical parables and get back to me.
@_date: 2013-09-19 22:24:18
I don't have to be right or wrong, as I am not in the btc ponzi. You have to continually prove to everyone (internal and external) that it isn't a ponzi, or you lose everything. That seems like a shitty position to be in. I am a commentator with outside perspective on the little *ant-hill* of *value* you guys have built in this little glass bottle of financial ignorance. If you had actually understood some of my other posts, I have called hedge-funders insider trading specialists isn't giving them much praise.
I am in no means going to doubt that I have a "vested interest" in ensuring that "the system" AKA THE REAL WORLD (Fiat land? Are you seriously that fucking insane?) doesn't go to shit. I guess that unlike you, I am a physical being and thus tied to reality... and since I guess you are not some super being that only exists on the internet(or a robot for one of the ponzi runners maybe?), you MIGHT (Being sarcastic, you are 100% not) not be immune to issues with that system either... Even so, that "overly regulated fiat land" is reality, where you still (at least physically) reside daily. Everything you do is in the real world and is tied to that system, even this dumb attempt at adolescent independence called btc. Since you are in the virtual ponzi, you will have the burden of proof to substantiate its ability to exist outside of a financial ponzi (I personally don't care past the fact that I'm an asshole and I just like watching autistic btc users feel a little more insecure about their decision processes). As you are well aware, people (including you) are stupid and irrational and physical. The fear you have had for the potential financial disasters of the real world, erm.. sorry "REGULATED FIAT LAND", is not 100% irrational, but is still irrationally pointless. As long as you are alive, you are STUCK IN OUR SYSTEM, MUAHAHHAHAH. I am not saying you should kill yourself, but I am saying that being alive is kinda holding you back from your virtual btc dreams. Anyways, that fear has made you openly subscribe and believe in a very absurd and volatile virtual financial disaster. In fact, you have a better shot at succeeding if you invested in a shady looking penny stock for life (which is still akin to buying into the lottery). You guys can obliterate yourselves financially all you want, lose all your savings, get robbed, whatever you feel like, and no one outside of btc (and there are a LOT of us) would be surprised, or possibly even aware, that it happened.
But what does BTC have to do with my fear of the big baaaaddd bit? You think this shitty little transaction device is going to disrupt anything? Really? I barely have a strong enough reason to come here, and I am a fan of pissing in cheerios with the added calm from knowing I may sway some intelligent person from making a terrible choice. For example: If some rich fucker really wanted to, he could buy the whole btc system for what, a few billion(all he'd need is 50% share), then throw the entire system to hell and then throw the whole thing into a sink and end it with some water.
If stupid people of a small community believe in btc, fine. But its the greater world that bases it's rules on reality and practicality and how systems work on a large scale, and your stupid currency will still be, in the eyes of all those people, a stupid, valueless currency. While you continue to bang the drum of btc at me and people like me for the remainder of your low-lying existence is up to you, but I warn you that I am just a kid with a magnifying glass compared to the horrors that reality can bring against your anthill. 
And at the end of the day, IF once all the btc are mined and the system actually becomes a 100% transaction based payment processor system, I'll applaud you for spending all your time and money to create one of the world's weakest redundant paypal/credit card competitors.
@_date: 2013-02-26 12:33:51
It doesn't matter if these things are produced or not. BFL just made a fortune borrowing money from people and paying NOTHING for it. 
@_date: 2013-09-13 07:33:05
Are you scared that the whole btc system is full of crooks and liars? 
It might help if you close your eyes and pretend they aren't!
@_date: 2013-09-13 06:51:40
No such thing as frictionless.
Don't ignore the laws of the universe. There is always a reaction to an action.
@_date: 2013-10-19 06:34:32
I don't get it.
Are you comparing bitcoin to physical assets or to transaction service companies? Are you counting derivatives markets, or proven amounts of above ground gold? Is this readily available gold, or is this gold total available (which may or may not be economically feasible to reclaim). The valuations for paypal and western union are based on book value? What about intangible assets(patents), real estate, infrastructure and potential debt on the balance sheet? You technically would need to include all computers used to keep btc running smoothly, including miners and servers. I would hazard to guess that these physical assets would take up a majority of the "value" of btc if we used the same valuation models to account for value in a transaction processing company. Since those computers are not owned by btc, satoshi or the network, they are immediately discounted from market value. In fact, you would just say bitcoin is worth as much as what bitcoin is worth... which is the case...
 Why would you use fiat currency as an example of bitcoin value? Isn't the idea to replace fiat currency? Valuing btc based on those currencies is going against the whole "ideal" btc proclaims to strive toward.
Why are you using the total gold value as a comparison? Gold is valued based on supply and demand, if all the gold on the planet were sold at the same time, gold would be worth ZERO. However, the yearly market for gold (which is what gold is priced on) is MUCH smaller. The average demand for gold over the last 5 years has been roughly 4,100 tons per year. As gold is an industrial and fashion commodity as well as an investment/storage commodity, I will deduct the gold used for technological processes and jewelry (which btc cannot be used as either). We are left with a "market of roughly 1,700 tons per year (purely investment and storage usage). At a spot price of roughly $42.3m per ton, the total market is $72 billion per year. If we only count demand for investment or wealth storage purposes, current supply would create a major sell-off in values, as more than half of all gold production is used to make jewelry or electronics. But to be nice, I will not use that potential value.
1% = $719m valuation, $62
5% = $310
If we used silver instead, it would look a lot worse.
This type of "logic" looks familiar:
@_date: 2013-09-19 11:26:06
Okay, did you just say that no one has claim on their bitcoins? your use of terminology is vague and vapid. Did you also claim that even the makers aren't suggesting it's use? So you guys are just... ignoring everyone and doing your own little internal hot potato scam? Sweet.
"Utility" is a pretty general term. Saying bitcoin is like me saying you have intelligence. Yes, you technically do, but it's not worth much compared to real intelligence. If we want to stick to generalizations, than USD has utlitiy the same as btc, and so does credit, and so does paypal, hell, even seashells have utility. So fucking what? Empty air even has utility. It's free, so what?
Now that we established that literally anything can have "utility" lets talk about real utility:
"Bulls", cute. You think you understand investing because someone taught you a stock word. 
Now let's learn a new one:
Ponzi Scheme: 
A Ponzi scheme is a fraudulent investment operation that pays *returns to its investors from their own money or the money paid by subsequent investors*, rather than from *profit* earned by the individual or organization running the operation. Bitcoin doesn't produce a profit, and if you read below, it's not even a really currency by normal definitions. People claim it's a gold-like asset... well if you look below, you'll find out that's just wrong and an obviously fraudulent claim in order to increase perception of value. Its not even physical. It's just an expensive form of credit.
What you have is a well structured, redundant self-delusion of value that only goes up when the number of users does too. That fact that it's price changes so greatly so often makes it a very shitty form of credit as well.
Here's a list of things that technically aren't a ponzi:
These are called  "financial assets"
1. Companies
2. Stocks
3. Bonds
4. Options (risky, but an asset)
Each of the above are from companies that create profits and the stock owners own a percentage of the company, and thus it's profit. Now tell me, where is the profit generation from btc? Nope. Next.
"Commodity Assets"
1. Gold
2. Silver
3. Oil
4. Fish
I can use the items above to make all kinds of wonderful things and sell them for a profit. It's a value is in the profitable things I can make or use the item for. Btc is not one of these.
"Hard Assets"
1. Cash
2. Buildings
3. A camel
4. A pencil
A tangible and physical item or object of worth that is owned by an individual or a corporation. In currency transactions, hard assets are synonymous with currencies that the *public generally has faith in, such as the U.S. dollar or the euro*. Bitcoin can be a hard asset if you buy one of those coins.... otherwise, no.
1. USD
2. JPY
3. EURO
A generally accepted form of money, including coins and paper notes, which is *issued by a government and circulated within an economy*. Used as a medium of exchange for goods and services, currency is the basis for trade. So it's not a currency either.
"Alternative Currency"
1. Beads
2. Monopoly Money (in the game)
3. Paypal (kinda)
4. Arcade tokens
5. Reward points
6. Seashells
7. Fancy Dirt
8. Regular Dirt
9. Internet photos of cats
10. Reddit Kharma
11. Ponzi Returns
12. Bitcoin
Alternative currencies can be created by an individual, corporation, or organization, they can be created by national, state, or local governments, or they can arise naturally as people begin to use *a certain commodity* as a currency. Mutual credit is a form of alternative currency, and thus *any form of lending that does not go through the banking system can be considered a form of alternative currency.*
Well, btc isn't a commodity of any type (its not productive or physical) so it's not a natural currency.
However, it does fit into the first and third parts of that definition. Hell, even ponzi scheme promised returns are a form of "mutual credit".
But here's where we have a problem with valuation.... it's entirely based on the credit system between the group of people/individuals. Outside of btc, it has ZERO value. Another little problem is that ANYTHING can be considered this form of currency. Hell, people could trade stickers if they really wanted to. Obviously, no one would take the sticker-coin movement seriously, so here we are. Paypal has been around for years before btc, and I can lend people stuff and ask for some form of "currency".
This is what the economy is: just dudes trading 1 thing for another, but with a little less hassle (they use credit cards and bank loans and cash instead of hauling items around all day). They don't have to wait in a park with $120 in their hands until the sketchy looking dude comes by and drops off the code and luckily doesn't just rob you.
@_date: 2013-09-19 07:58:20
Rough translation:
The Federal Council presented a report on the risks of online currency "Bitcoin", particularly with regard to its use for the purpose of money laundering and financing of criminal activities, or its legality in light of the prohibition of "plane game" or "Ponzi scheme." It will assess the measures taken or envisioned by other countries to regulate this market.
Virtual currency "Bitcoin" is experiencing a huge yet volatile success. Primarily designed for online transaction, it seems to be gradually becoming a "real" economy in some countries. It seems that private money is used extensively for the purpose of money laundering and financing criminal activities. In addition, the system enables the creation of a market that, to some observers, is akin to a "plane game" or a "Ponzi scheme", an illegal system that allows those who first entered the market to enrich themselves at the expense of newcomers, which are more quickly able to find buyers.  Many countries see a great danger to the stability and integrity of the financial system and are considering regulating the "Bitcoin" market or outright ban the use of this virtual currency.
Because of its importance as a financial center, it seems appropriate to evaluate the impact and risks of "Bitcoin" to our country, to check its compatibility with the laws that govern our financial sector, and, if applicable to take the necessary measures that are needed.
@_date: 2013-09-19 06:52:08
Oh so because Switzerland doesn't want to be a hub for legal weed at the dead center of a continent that has it outlawed, it's not intelligent? That marijuana is an ADDICTIVE substance with WELL KNOWN cognitive effects due to usage had no importance to the decision? That Switzerland would potentially become a hub for many third world criminals/mafia to establish a legal base of operation for illicit, corrupt activities across the continent had no consequence. How about the fact that raising legal marijuana may replace many of the agricultural industries we have established(culturally important, not economically), and would impair our ability to conduct LEGAL trading with the rest of the world because of increases in border and customs controls both foreign and domestically. What about the fact that our population represents a skilled manufacturing labor force, and marijuana could potentially inhibit the abilities of these people. I doubt weed could grow in our altitudes and climates, so such a legalization would create an increase in illegal importing activities, through neighboring countries, which is a nightmare of legal and political issues, as well as economic (paying black market prices for legal weed would cost the Swiss a lot of money and most likely be a net negative impact on our GDP). Lastly, I don't know if you are aware, but we are trying to keep people out, we don't want a reason for people to come in and squat/take over. Thanks.
Obligatory facts against your crappy argument:
What do you think would happen if there was legal growing/distributing of pot in Switzerland? We aren't exactly known for being OPEN to everyone and everything. We are also not prepared for the kind of attention we would get for such an action. This is far beyond the idea of allowing stoners to get high without being paranoid.
Semi-related Personal attack: No wonder the people in this subreddit are so blindly ignorant in favor of btc, you bunch of stoner anti-establishment hipsters are too high to understand reality. Get back to me when you aren't completely clueless.
@_date: 2013-09-13 07:20:42
Oh gee, someone who stands to make a profit would lie? That's the first time any human being has ever done such a terrible thing! /s
They make so much profit because they fictionalize. Banking 101.
I can only imagine how much of your money is being used to prop up the btc market or other bets :)
@_date: 2013-09-24 05:56:47
Everyone hates foxnews until fox news says something they agree with. lol.
@_date: 2013-09-19 09:51:39
Either way, paypal is technically better still...
@_date: 2013-10-04 01:22:17
Not really. Just like the stock market, you get enough fools to believe in the ponzi, every day becomes a good day to invest. Until it isn't :)
@_date: 2013-10-21 18:40:45
Every one of those points is true.
The btc pricing has been shown to be extremely volatile. It's supply is fixed by science and the universe (and is touted as it's main selling point). Minimal use in trade is true, and it was used SPECIFICALLY to trade drugs and launder money online (and that was a huge reason for it's initial success). It's still currently being used to launder money to other countries around the world (either legal or illegal money movement).
What parts of these are not true?
@_date: 2013-09-13 06:22:39
Don't forget the environmental and economic costs of running all the hardware to support btc and internet anonymity. 
All the waste and pollution from manufacturing the physical hardware to support the magical digital currency. Child labor and extortion used in the production process, destruction caused by mining the materials needed to allow production to occur. Co2 expired by all the working people and machines required to keep all those systems running fluidly to meet growing consumer requirements. And all the extra effort spent programming new types of websites and adopting businesses/systems to accept btc over the current adequate standards. And what about years of traning required in order to learn to code or create these newly adapted sites/systems and businesses.
And all the money lost from lost wallets or scams. Or the costs businesses have to pay for transacting in btc. Or all the deaths related to overdoses from using btc to buy and sell drugs. Or the taxes lost on laundering money via btc instead of via the normal markets. Costs of paying for prisons and enforcing legal systems... etc etc. Rabbit holes all the way down.
Huh, its funny how one can just manipulate facts to show how much "A" is better or worse than "B" in order to impose a supposed dogma.
Fact of the matter is that there is no real benefit from adopting btc over any other current system if you really study the pros and cons, it's just a delusional proclivity to always chase the dragon. In fact, all the systems technically suck for one reason or another. It's reality. Adding yet another system isn't going to change reality.
@_date: 2013-09-19 07:12:44
I am glad to be a Swiss citizen when I see how smart they are at noticing the ponzi pyramid nature of this "currency" and all the headaches this would bring.
@_date: 2013-08-22 04:51:34
This is what I've been saying about them for almost a year now.
@_date: 2013-09-19 01:29:22
It's not the competition, it's the stupid currency that we hate. As a citizen, I can tell you that we know our stuff, and it seems like btc isn't up to snuff with our quality and efficiency standards.
@_date: 2013-10-05 17:45:44
Yep -18 comment karma = agreement now. Man you must all agree with me then? God you guys are pathetic on twisting things to make an argument work. I have yet to see a comment against btc upvoted. If you are against bfl, fine, if you are against silkroad, fine. However, If you say btc has major flaws because of the prevalence of silkroad and bfl like activities, you will be negative 20 in about 4 seconds. Don't try and compliment yourselves on apparent civility, when you guys have done nothing but tried to ignore or remove anything that goes against your overarching opinions on btc, far from civil. I've seen less bias at a hitler youth rally.
@_date: 2013-09-14 21:20:59
The basis of reasoning for why btc came into popularity still stands. Ever noticed that the rise was synonymous with the fail-outs and all the ows crap? Fear driven lunacy into a cheap "gold like asset" that obama couldn't track. Uh huh.
But you are right: Telling idiots on the Titanic that the place would sink was also a worthless cause... Rumors are that some of the dumber members were still screaming "BUT ITS UNSINKABLE" as they fell into the water. One was quoted to say "I would die before I fall for some stupid shill telling me that this ship isn't invincible and the next best source of transacting international travel!"
Humanity has a knack for being headstrong fools... People who think they can read internets reports about the banking system and economy and "understand" all of it. I'm sure all the highly educated PHD's, economists and intelligent scientists who have been contributing to this system for hundreds of years would be so glad that their life's work was so easily cracked by some "special" person who happened to read zero hedge for a week. 
Enjoy your funny money! I have this great stuff called monopoly money (monmon for short) that is similar and very well known for transacting important real estate business and more people have heard of it than btc... I'll set the price at $1 per Monmon.
@_date: 2013-09-20 20:34:08
Sports team? Not a cult? If you say so...
No angle. Things that have no value to the real world annoy me. NOPE (thank god). Yes, I do them all the time... best things ever for my business.
Yes. Of course, it isn't some kinda magical system based on super string theory or anything... its basic.
@_date: 2013-09-19 08:08:26
If everyone calls you an asshole, you are probably an asshole.
If everyone calls this a money laundering ponzi scheme, it's probably a money laundering ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2013-09-13 09:28:04
Then why is it used as a transactional system? If paypal isn't a currency (which it is in the sake of a representative instrument of transfer), then neither is btc.
You may not agree that paypal is a digital currency that allows people to buy and sell items electronically, but then you just disproved btc's ability to exist as a currency at the same time.
@_date: 2013-09-14 03:18:02
Unbelievably untrue. 
Even the bitcoin wiki tells you this:
"When money transfers occur as a bank wire transfer or ACH payment, or even transfers of money using services such as PayPal, the funds are sent electronically but the currency transmitted is *representative money*(ie digital currency) and what transfers is an underlying fiat currency."
To translate that into simpler terms: You buy an item from user A with paypal. User A's paypal client accepts the "paypal credit" (paypal representative money, which is guaranteed by paypal) and deducts that paypal credit from you, the buyer. Depending on the transaction process, paypal may have to wait a few days before your local bank transfers the money to paypal in order to pay for the good. Paypal has to create the credit in order to allow the transaction to occur instantaneously. This is how credit cards works as well, but they are not 100% electronic/digital. The money you have in paypal is paypal credit until you cash it out into your localized currency. Paypal represents a carrying entity, and has the ability to issue and accept "credits" in lieu of cash until your bank can finish the process (which can take a couple business days because it is highly regulated and has to go through multiple checks to ensure that fraud or illegal activities are not being made with the cash).
Paypal is also listed on wikipedia under "electronic currencies" just as btc:
Quote: "Online money transfers serve as *electronic alternatives* to paying with traditional paper methods, such as checks and money orders."
To be more specific, paypal is a form of Hawala, also known as a money transmitter:
@_date: 2013-08-30 04:03:45
Plot twist.. Sean's actually a pimp for homeless using this as a ploy to make bank and pay his bills. Standard btc-related practice.
@_date: 2013-08-22 05:24:11
Got to hand it to these assholes; they are bastards, but they are also A LOT smarter than 99.999% of the people doing BTC related activities. Greedy and hope-filled dumbasses take every (well not 100% obvious ones at least) scam related to BTC and swallow it "hook line and sinker" then get all their money taken and demand to be repaid for their ignorance and stupidity just like IRL. I'll let you guess what happens. 
Do you guys want to go march somewhere and complain about how unfair the btc system is? Bet you still have your signs from the last hopeless march. These guys also won't see a single day in prison unless they get caught speeding with weed in the expensive cars they bought with your hard earned dumb money.
I bet you still wonder why these guys are probably in mansions and lambos, and you are still living paycheck to paycheck. How interesting is it to know that most of the people who are into BTC are the same people that got scammed by "evil corporations, banks, etc"  and the ones actually making real money on BTC are using similar tactics that sucked your wallets dry only a few years ago? A sucker in the real world is a sucker on the internet. GO FIGURE.
 
Did you all just get cheated out of your get rich quick pyramid schemes? Again? What are you going to do about it? Occupy internet? Look for the next "too good to be true but I believe in it so I'll buy into it" scheme? If you are, I have this new form of crypto currency (called the banter) that I have ~~unlimited~~ limited amounts of, and I'm looking to sell these mysterious coins to like minded ~~retards~~ "rebels" who want to ~~get fucked~~ stick it to the man. I'll start bids at $10/banter and its cheaper than BTC! Just mail me the cash and I will totally email you one as soon as I get them made. I expect shipping to start next week!
It's funny how quickly BTC economy has turned to a mimic of the IRL economy. I regret not being more of a selfish asshole so I could take money from all your chumps and retire by 30. Oh well.
Edit: Rule of thumb here guys: When people say they want to stick it to "THE MAN" (in however *non-cliche* way they want to express it to sound unique), they usually mean that they either want to BE "THE MAN" somehow or be a greedy fuck living off other people's work (a lazy form of being "THE MAN"). Hell, those people may consider anyone with a better life than them as "the man" and you are probably their target. 
Either way, someone ends up paying for another person's unequal lifestyle decisions. Just because you are part of a self-described currency revolution (ha!), doesn't mean you will actually benefit from any of the work/risk you are taking for it to succeed. You are most likely just feeding larger fish who are a lot smarter or more ruthless than you. 
@_date: 2013-09-13 08:27:42
Good luck with that.
@_date: 2013-09-13 05:05:45
Odd that they need paypal when btc is the one true god currency and better than all other forms of payment systems.
@_date: 2013-09-27 07:23:19
Almost as absurd as the idiots who buy fake internet money online... 
@_date: 2013-09-18 22:21:53
Fake money for fake goods. Love it.
@_date: 2013-09-14 04:55:45
A "money substitute" is a form of currency:
We are having "this" moment right now: 
BTC supporters love to mimic this.
@_date: 2013-09-14 06:48:50
Here's a tough one.
Why does btc have value compared to gold.
I'll wait.
While we wait, lets learn the difference between a scam and an innovation (at least in this sense of a scam). A scam is an innovation speculatively sold to people before it's proven to work, and fails. The innovator made his money off the speculators and ran off, either from malice, greed or fear (maybe all of these).
Most ponzi schemes started out as simple speculative investment systems that turned out to fail and the speculator couldn't face telling his investors how stupid he was to make such a shit investment.
The likelihood that btc will succeed is roughly 20%, but people have been pawning it off on others as if it's the surest bet in the universe and all of it's potential is only just being "noticed" by people. The price of btc is almost entirely based on speculation and rumors as to the potential value.
@_date: 2013-08-22 08:02:22
Hey, by all means, you keep to your faith, oh holy martyr. I'll keep to my facts and try and help as many as I can before its too late. That's kind of the point of it all... separating those who "believe" and those who know better. It's kind of a modern take on the "flat" vs "round" thing. 
Luckily for me, I took the same information you had and decided against putting faith into random internet strangers with a miracle product. I know the odds were *totally* stacked against me on that decision, but I managed to squeeze by with my money intact! Boy, I sure have egg on my face for that decision! :)
Sure, most of you fell for this company, but the next one is going to be different! You believe in this system/religion/movement/party/leader! Facts be damned since they don't agree with your beliefs! This sounds pretty familiar... Hey, I hear there is this new movement, it totally goes against the man and if you just believe, you will find a hefty reward in the end. They are looking for people just like you! Sure, its a corrupt system filled with pedophiles, but faith is more important! I'm sure you've heard of it...
Your faith in btc is much like your faith in buying a lottery ticket or a bible... sure, the the last ones didn't win, but THIS TIME its going to work and I will be rewarded for all my suffering! And yes, you might end up right in the long run and I may be a fool for not breaking in before everyone else got rewarded. I will confirm that there's always the possibility of this happening... Just like there is the possibility of me being stuck by lightning the second I submit this message.  But I am going to go ahead and say I'll take the risk on this one. In fact, I'll go ahead and say GOOD LUCK! I hope it works out for you. I would love for you to email me in the future with photos of the lambo you bought from making the right choice in this. 
Just remember, beliefs are like assholes, everyone has one, and they're usually full of shit. Don't be surprised if *GASP* "THE MAN" helped you fill it. :)
Anyways,I feel a little better about myself from knowing I tried to help before it was too late. 
@_date: 2013-10-19 17:05:22
^ This is the problem with a good chunk of BTC community. There is a common disregard for taking into account a lot of very important factors that determine the potential value of a system. A general hubris about their ability to understand and dictate/recreate the intricacies of one of the most complex systems ever created by mankind. This leads to a group-think mentality that causes a minor(but important) schism between theoretical and practical realities.
@_date: 2013-08-30 04:27:08
Which landlord and utility companies take payments in btc? Where do you get your btc: either you bought a miner, paid for btc, traded it, scammed those btc from others, or got scammed by someone paying you btc for services, but you had to use a dominant world currency (commodity, cash, or work) at some point to get access to btc. Either you paid for the internet that let you download your first wallet, you paid to buy the pc that got you on the internet to find out about btc and mining, etc. You have a flawed sense of logic if you believe that you have zero connection to world currencies in any way. You are also flawed to believe that your "money" is immune to exogenous shocks such as a revolution, inflation spikes, stock market or other large disasters to the infrastructure. Anywhere in the world I can turn my local currency to another local currency, and it's highly liquid and relatively stable. I won't fly to italy and suddenly find the usd worth 1/10 what it was the day before. I will also have the option to swipe this magical object called a "Credit card" that instantaneously transacts my business and converts it to a figure that my local currency can pay for. I do not even have to transfer the cash or deal with the forex brokers that way. 
If you were foolish enough to trade gold/drugs/etc for btc and refuse to accept you used a local currency to obtain those items (legally), then you are obviously trying to ignore reality. Just as with btc, you are "creating something out of nothing" by failing to mention what you did to actually get that something, and I can assure you that btc didn't just appear to you one night out of thin air.
@_date: 2013-08-22 08:22:34
Many of the "Early adopters" are cheer leading and boosting the market in order to make more money on their early profits. I wouldn't be surprised if many of the BTC related media and even forums are being spammed with early adopters talking about why its always the best time to get into btc. This is an obvious move and should be understood. Ponzi schemes work on taking the money from later adopters and using it as a profit for the early ones.
Of course these people are trying to aid it's upswings and iron out any wrinkles that show up.  That doesn't mean the market isn't being strongly manipulated in one direction or another by those people. Smiley glad-hands will pat your shoulder and tell you how smart you are while robbing you blind. 
Southpark had an amazing episode about cashforgold ( where everyone along the value chain was talking about "how smart the buyer is and how much the seller is getting fucked". Whenever I visit these forums, I can't help but think about that episode...
Also, I am glad there is a mBTC thing. Just throwing out a pretty obvious issue with adoption.
@_date: 2013-09-19 01:57:47
Because it's literally worse than a sub-prime bond in terms of value and potential damage to people. Make more afraid idiots spend their life savings on this crappy "asset" that they can lose at practically any minute.
It's not about being afraid so much as it's bullshit. We bann scams because they are hurtful and have no value, just like this. With your logic, ponzi schemes are banned because the people in control are afraid of how much better it is... lol
There are reasons things are banned by informed policy makers...
@_date: 2013-08-22 08:38:49
Its not easy when the product is tied to a flawed belief system based on "hopes" instead of facts.
@_date: 2013-06-29 23:20:09
Lots of "new" users posting how they got their new BFL miners.... I wonder.
@_date: 2013-09-14 06:34:19
btc for the win. 
btc fools &lt;--------------------------------&gt; Your money
@_date: 2013-08-30 04:06:20
No, like stuff you can use to pay rent, electricity, maintenance. You know, the stuff that you bought btc with and transfer btc back into when you actually need to buy something of need in your real life? Last I checked, btc is as akin to "money" as those tokens you get at an arcade... sure, you can "buy" stuff with them, but once you leave that system, they are worth jack squat.
@_date: 2013-08-29 09:01:04
Another scam. Calling it now.
@_date: 2013-10-05 15:33:12
I don't use tardcoing. Thanks for playing, retard.
@_date: 2013-09-19 06:38:26
What? Bitcoin is digital! it's "borders" are the scope of the internet. What kind of new-age religious crap are they force feeding you guys here? "Magic" is borderless, like all things in reality, bitcoin is constrained to physical limits. So is Paypal. Even with "physical" btc, you still need an internet connection to verify it's existence and transfer.
Paypal is also better connected internationally than btc is currently, at least in terms of population and geographical spread... doubt too many africans are using btc or paypal, so I don't know what you are on about.
@_date: 2013-08-30 08:22:24
Until bitcoin has value, it has no value. People who are investing in btc right now are akin to the wild wild west. Overall lawless, ruthless, violent and volatile beyond the acceptably ranges of anyone with any sense of risk aversion. This is like a startup on steroids with thousands of random strangers as partners, each trying to make as much money as they can before the real show starts. This is not a product system. If there is no basic trust, there is no basic currency. The reason "currency" has value is because it's enforced by people with reputation and power. A government can issue currency because everyone knows its the biggest and most powerful thing in the area, and if someone tries to dispute that currency, he/she will have to deal with that government. Fraud, stealing, forgery, usury, and brute force are all pretty much covered. Btc needs a king/governing body of some sort or there is no framework for proper safety and stability.
  
Real currency= safe and low volatility to ensure market participants are confident and trust their decisions. 
Btc: Roller coaster full of pirates and traps. High volatility and high chance of sudden market failure.
@_date: 2013-08-29 08:41:46
That's not an roi.. an ROI assumes the money maker actually spent any money. Btc community is so damned gullible that these guys probably put ZERO money in for that profit.
@_date: 2013-07-02 08:26:03
A lot of you need to settle down with your cheerleading. "HEY NOW GET INTO BITCOIN! INVEST!"
I really want to know the bias of some of the commenters here.
@_date: 2013-08-30 20:25:37
Last I checked, Amazon isn't profitable either... But it can be.
@_date: 2013-09-13 09:12:06
If the internet stopped working tomorrow. What would btc be worth.
It's intrinsic value is decided by the behest of local systems (internet access, popular opinion, local currency prices, laws and etc)... which means it's worth nothing in itself besides as a tool for anonymity, which is questionable.
@_date: 2013-09-22 03:01:55
A seller thinking something with no real value has value? STOP THE INTERNET! What a SHOCKING thing to believe that YOU, a SELLER would have an interest in MAKING THIS THING LOOK MORE VALUABLE! Man, I bet all those idiots selling bfl vaporware are also telling the truth just because they are sellers....
Judging by your understanding, I doubt you are very far up the btc ladder to make such a reckless disclosure and attempt to seem like you are not a shill.
Tell me how that business plan of yours doesn't prevent you from being a useful source of unbiased info on btc. I mean, one of the most BASIC parts about being a reputable source of information regarding an investment or asset is the source disclosing their stance in the involvement/ownership of the asset they are discussing. If you are overly optimistic about something you own part of, you are not seen as a reputable source. It's like listening to the ceo of apple say their shares will be worth $1 quintillion usd next year. Everyone knows he's being a shill, and only the idiots would follow his input.
BTC is FAR from ingenious beyond the internal encryption methods. Its been solved plenty of times before. Paypal, Credit card, seashells 5000 years ago. Creating an alternate currency for transactions is one of the most basic concepts produced by humanity. Protecting that currency would be the second most basic concept after humanity pondered currency.... "ERRR so I take the seashell and protect it from bad guys. GENIUS!!" There wasn't a problem to solve. There is a difference between marketing (creating a false need... aka btc's entire strategy) vs a real need (I need a currency to buy x with y easily), and this is reflected in the infinitesimally small share of the world market. If there was a real need, you wouldn't have people "Deciding" to be a btc user, instead of requiring to be a btc user. It's a hobby at best, like those trading cards and pogs that kids used to collect back in the day thinking they were of such amazing potential value.
And going back to gold. You can actually use gold to make things of real value, and you can use it represent value in a medium that has very low risk of being destroyed by a power outage or a missing password. Unless you print it out and use it for paper mache, bitcoin can't be used to make shit, and its far more prone to user error/stupidity (which is the most common form of error in humanity). 
 
Edit: Oh and because I enjoy watching stupid people try and be smart about finance and fail miserably at understanding basic concepts. Yes, I am an asshole, but so are you for even attempting to 1 up me. One of the most obvious reasons not to follow btc is how protective you users are of it and how poorly you handle any criticisms with "oh you are (Insert any/all: "ignorant/stupid/unread/shill/troll/fed/etc". )
@_date: 2013-09-21 02:28:59
Well, its impossible to get a job while playing video games and searching for power to play the video games... and even more impossible when other people pay you enough to get what you want and not worry as much about survival. Mentally Ill and depressed people are not going to enjoy anything, since they are mentally ill and depressed (can't do much about it even with infinite money and time), so why would they care about income or a home? Criminals deserve to get nothing as they have done or helped do bad things to others.
And before I hear the bleeding hearts go on about how terrible it is to live outside like that, I have to remind you that living on the streets isn't exactly a death sentence in the world... ESPECIALLY in the first world. The majority of human existence took place when the only thing between you and the hungry animal looking for a meal was some bushes or a high tree. While it surely isn't luxurious to place your head next to a steam pipe at night and uncomfortable to sleep in a hole in the wall or in some cardboard box, I'd bet it beats the hell out of what humanity had to survive only a few thousand years ago (hell, some 3rd world people work their asses off and would kill for these kinds of conditions). Not trying or wanting to have a job or any kind of responsibility in your life tends to be pretty low paying, high risk career path, but a lot of these people choose it over other paths of existence, and people like them have been doing it for thousands of years too. While I salute them for being able to find these conditions suitable for them, I do not think it helps anyone when people subsidize their bad decisions.
There is a big difference between a person who has to live with his family or go to a shelter because he worked his ass off and failed, and a guy who drank himself silly for 20 years and ended up in the same place. The person who worked his ass off will find a way to make it out of his situation somehow, the latter will call that guy and idiot while buying some wild turkey and fall asleep in a gutter for the next 20 years.
The only people I'd have any real sympathy for are people that are critically crippled physically or mentally, and have no chance at all. Thankfully, I have never seen anyone like that being homeless or on the streets. It sucks, but for some people survival isn't exactly a natural right, and living is nothing but a painful journey down the same road we all take in our lives.
 
@_date: 2013-09-19 06:19:13
And how is btc's adoption issues different to paypal's?
The inherent issue still stands. Paypal, as with btc, is subject to localized market risks. If you put your money into a paypal account, you give paypal X amount of cash, and paypal has to place that cash into reserves in local or foreign sovereign currency, products based on those currencies, or another equivalent (its either in a bank, or in a commodity, or in something with a price tied to the values). If the nation(s) of the paypal reserve(s) were to devalue, those who wanted to get out would still lose whatever wealth was lost in the devaluation until the point of conversion to the next currency.
Until all currencies are unifed and digital, there would still be a need for physical reserve of value. Paypal is striving to be so commonly available, that it's credit would be exchangeable for goods/services else ware, thus creating a physical reserve of value that is international. However, the paypal credit wouldn't be worth much if paypal were to go bankrupt.
@_date: 2013-09-13 08:18:38
Rule 8.
Thanks for contributing to the pile.
@_date: 2013-09-14 05:45:25
Demand isn't a fixed unit of measurement, but we can easily say that if you suddenly doubled the market for money (btc, usd, jpy, etc), all things being equal, the demand for each unit of money would be less than before (inflation). I need to pay $10 for a product of fixed supply that I need in order to survive and everyone has exactly $10 for that item. Suddenly, everyone has $20 to spend on that item, but we all want that same product that hasn't changed in the amount of available supply.... so the laws of supply and demand tells us that the price of a product we need to survive, all things being equal, would now equalize at $20 instead of $10.
@_date: 2013-10-19 20:06:36
Well you said that "that rises the price". If you understood what is happening with btc and how it's generated/traded, you will understand how I am actually being very optimistic with the pricing I have applied, since I am using "total btc" vs "yearly traded gold" when if I had used "yearly traded btc" to "yearly traded gold", the value per traded btc would fall drastically. I am not aware of the current daily btc volume, but I am willing to wager that the volume in a year is a multiple of total btc currently in existence. 
@_date: 2013-09-13 05:42:39
Do you guys plan to offer an advantage to pricing over just buying stuff on amazon? All I see are markups.
@_date: 2013-09-13 07:09:14
Not a conspiracy. Reality sets in when the hocus pocus of a magical currency gets dragged through the mire of reality. Someone is playing dirty, its only logical assuming the people running the system want to be rich 20 somethings and not just servants to the btc public trust for a modest living. It's exactly what the big bad banks do with your finite currency irl.
Side note: Isn't it funny how quickly the illusion of a independent currency dissolves when even the slightest issue arises. All I see are USD numbers when discussing damages and owed monies. I thought btc didn't need fiat?
@_date: 2013-09-13 08:20:32
Rule 9.
Thanks for contributing to the pile.
@_date: 2013-10-05 15:10:11
One constant of humanity that you bitards fail to remember:
No matter how technologically powerful, at some point, human error reigns supreme.
I know this is hard for many of you to understand or accept, as technology is your only friend and source of "security", but *people* will lead to the demise of btc and privacy and there is not technological advance in the universe that could prevent it. No matter how much you try and veil yourself behind all these fancy codes and protocols, you will still be the weakest link in your own armor. So it has been, and so will forever be.
While I have no doubt they may potentially be typical btc scammers (like 90% of you are), there is also a chance they are just attempting to cover their asses. Your own bitard social order inspires nothing less than deceit and immoral social behavior; no better or useful than an economic version of 4chan.
@_date: 2013-09-17 19:52:23
Oh really? Some profit seekers who own a large chunk of the thing they are promoting are looking to profit on an under-regulated, low volume market with relatively easy ways to manipulate prices? And they are trying to do it with speculation instead of having to actually invent/innovate anything or bringing in more users?
Please go on about this magical new strategy that hasn't been done all over the world 10000000 times.
@_date: 2013-09-15 22:38:38
I guess you've never heard of a ponzi...
The first rule is to get more people into the system. The second is to trickle back returns to the people most likely to call bullshit.
Just because they have a product does not mean they are trying to produce and ship the product in a way that would make their buyers any money or even break even. The more money THEY make, the less money YOU make. See how that goes? There is X money in the system, so the less they draw out of it (via taking their time, not buying too much stock to make the product, using slow shipping, using delays while mining the entire time, betting on btc going up so that the deposits made by buyers is actually worth multiples of the original price, the more money they make at your expense.
@_date: 2013-10-21 17:19:16
Why would this be considered subjective, when it's an objective truth backed by real world analytics and events? If you want to lie about btc (as so many btc people are prone to do) then make an edit on it and watch it get changed back.
It's like saying Stalin was an asshole is just a "subjective" opinion because you disagree with how his policies are shown in a negative light. Sure, it's a subjective opinion to think he was an asshole by the majority of the planet, but that doesn't necessarily mean it's not also an objective understanding of his policies and inappropriate to place that somewhere in his entry.
If I had placed a wiki article saying "BTC sucks because it sounds funny" then you would have an argument.
@_date: 2013-08-30 03:53:37
They probably make more money by actually using real money...
Edit: I just signed up to dreamhost knowing my website is safe since they'll actually be able to afford electricity/rent if btc crashes yet again this year.
@_date: 2013-10-02 12:19:19
And you just said the same thing that everyone on here says whenever we call out your cult's bs. Get over it.
@_date: 2013-09-14 05:55:45
Succumbing to peer pressure isn't exactly a unique phenomena on reddit.
If everyone of your peers tells you that left is better than right, even if you do not agree at first, eventually you will agree with the decision in order to be accepted within that peer group. 
Anyone who has watched alex jones or reads zero hedge or listens to fox news or msn or bill maher will feel the tug at some point, no matter how critical. Obviously, this is selection bias, as you are more likely to watch or read or listen to things that support some or all aspects of your original opinion. 
@_date: 2013-10-05 17:31:52
Funny enough, when I said those words, your fellow bit-tards said I was wrong. How funny you guys just pick and choose what is and isn't truth. Gotta love those cult-mindsets.
@_date: 2013-06-29 21:36:26
What the headline should be: 
BFL donates 1,000 customer bitcoins to "charity" after losing a bet on the power consumption to a self started website.
@_date: 2013-08-30 03:59:49
You now know why they are homeless.  Probably early adopters who drank the coolaid and spent all their money on avalon and bfl rig preorders thinking they'd get rich and finally screw the man out of their hard earned cash. More power to them I guess.
@_date: 2013-09-20 20:53:36
Why are they playing video games and not... i dunno... finding jobs?
@_date: 2013-02-26 11:49:29
Scammed out. You guys just paid $7,500 for vaporware that will retail for $1,299 if it ever comes out.
That's gotta suck a lot. Especially since the company that has been lying about almost everything and is literally taking all the sweet time it wants to do a job (Deliver a working product months ago!) that you already paid for, has made a AT LEAST $25/btc profit off you gullible purchasers who've been waiting a year+. All that BTC was likely smartly reinvested in low risk venture at a 4%+ return and made them EVEN MORE. I doubt they spent more than 1 BTC per unit in development/production/etc, which will only benefit them. Why do I say that?
Well, If these guys are as evil and smart as I think they are, they'll end up saying something bad happened that will prevent them from shipping, keep all these new miners, give you back your $1,299 after pocketing $6,300/unit and then control the BTC market.
An international bank couldn't have done it any better.
@_date: 2013-09-13 09:15:02
Paypal is a 3rd party currency akin to btc.
@_date: 2013-09-14 05:15:39
Then btc isn't a currency as it's not widely circulating and it's internal to the btc system just like paypal. Only a niche amount of people use it, just like paypal is technically a niche currency originally generated for ebay transactions, which are internal to the ebay-paypal payment system. I can trade paypal credits to others, who can exchange it into whatever currency they want and extract it to their bank accounts. However, A paypal has no value to anyone who does not have a paypal account akin to btc and btc wallets.
@_date: 2013-09-25 09:14:40
Better start selling my visa stock now. /s
@_date: 2013-09-14 04:28:25
Shhh. Don't spread reality to the believers! It's like teaching evolution to a bible thumper.
@_date: 2013-09-19 08:20:35
Oh okay, so because this article states that kipochi is attempting to bring a btc app to market using m-peza's network, suddenly millions of kenyan's use it?  
Hate to break it to you:
Still.. a continent of 1billion people, I doubt more than a few thousand have heard of btc, maybe a few million paypal. Pretty small numbers.
@_date: 2013-08-31 03:48:44
Cash is great after a house fire, so are valuables.. banks existed for hundreds of years before the advent of power, and I don't think I've used an atm in the last 5 years... 
The reason I don't like btc is because it is vulnerable, period. There are countless ways for it not to work, and a few special ways in which it does work.
@_date: 2013-09-19 10:22:54
Are you seriously taking the concept literally?
@_date: 2013-09-16 01:40:06
Yes. In fact, this same excuse is used to pay the government and churches and all other terrible systems of control.
Supporting those who are actively trying to subvert the btc market and make mining a losing investment is like supporting a bank for designing securities that ruined the economy.
Not only do you make yourself worse off, you are also helping your inevitable oppressor(s) take advantage of btc and make it worse off. You don't think the money they are making is used to further break the market? It's funny how all of you shame the profits of the banking system but so gladly overpay insidious members of the btc system for being exactly the same, but with a cooler fake currency. 
@_date: 2013-10-19 16:48:36
No, bitcoin is the current market price because of the current supply and demand. That's why using these stupid "if btc took over x of Y market" posts that pop up every 3 days are worthless speculation materials with no logical reasoning behind them.
@_date: 2013-09-19 03:14:42
Not greedy.. extremely foolish, unrealistically optimistic and sometimes greedy.
@_date: 2013-09-19 06:05:28
This has NOTHING to do with btc. He is describing exactly what paypal is and continues to do. Btc is trying to look like paypal, not the other way around. Quit trying to attach paypal to btc through leaps in logic and interpretation of a wiki quote from 15 years ago.
@_date: 2013-09-13 09:10:51
Hey I agree. Dollars are inherently worthless without a reference too. Currency in itself isn't the store of value, it's just a representation, just like the US senators who put laws into motion are not the rulers, but a representation of the people who voted for them. 
I ask you. Why change a system for the same system when it creates a lot more instability? The only reason to change an in place currency is when it fails to be used by people for whatever reason. Most world currencies have been working perfectly well as a representation of the relative strength and economic value of the host nation it originates from.
Another issue: Currency is a sovereign system, implying that btc is in itself a representation of some sovereign nation's power... I guess we'd assume the internet is that nation. The internet doesn't have nukes, an army, billions of people supporting and working for it, natural resources, a relatively stable political, social and legal system enforcing it. It has no land or valuable resources. Currently, the internet is built on the consent of other world nations, and this is an ever evolving process. As far as we are concerned, the internet is beholden to other nations, and is seen more as tool than an independently sustainable entity. 
Furthermore, the internet is the representative of a population without the ability to provide a check and balance of the mob power of majority rule.
If this is true, then BTC represents the power of a pure democracy and not a republic. This is fine assuming that the internet represents the collective intelligence and morality of humanity which can make decisions on what happens in the world. I am sorry to say, this is not the case. The internet is a repository and lacks the ability to make decisions in the vacuum of human or sovereign intervention, meaning it is powerless. It's a neutral tool. It could do damage, but sovereign nations have final control over it's ability to act.
Since the value of a currency represents the total strength of the host nation's physical and economic resources, a nation of no value has a currency of no value.
Thus, it is impossible for btc to become a real system with inherent value in the current world. So long as the physical world exists over the virtual, we will be governed by our physical systems (people, nations, planets, whatever), and the currencies that represent those physical systems.
This is the dilemma in a nutshell: You want to buy a beer for btc, the bar owner takes the btc and converts it to USD to buy more beer in USD to sell for btc. BTC provides zero benefit to the transactional system represented by this.
You could say that btc represents anonymity, but we know this isn't the case. You can be physically tracked by your virtual transactions if you had to be tracked.
So long as btc needs to be exchanged for other currencies in order to have physical value at some point in the chain or production and consumption, it will only be worth whatever the people who use it agree to pay for it, and this sucks because of how easily that system can be manipulated.
The issue persists and the value has not shown itself. 
@_date: 2013-09-19 23:22:06
Sorry I'm not into cults.
@_date: 2013-09-19 09:40:31
That's a tough one, let's see...
Gold is a chemically stable(not 100%, but good enough) physical resource that is hard to mine/produce and can be depleted (in terms of usable supply, not actual existing gold). It is used to manufacture multiple types of goods due to it's (potentially) medicinal, conductive, reflective, alloy-ability, stability and highly malleable nature. It's also an amazing at reflecting IR, which is great for space and stuff. It's also uniquely pretty to humans due to it's rare natural color and shine, which makes it great for jewelry (since its easy to cover things with). It's easily recognizable and hard to steal (good luck taking a safe full of the stuff and getting on a plane). You could drop it in the ocean and come back 500 years later and it would be almost entirely intact without any special equipment or technology.
Gee... not sure why it has value... hmm. Ya all those idiots using it to build stuff have noooo idea how little it's worth compared to btc... which you can like... um... I dunno... lose somehow? I really have nothing special I could do with btc... 
You crash an economy you helped to build in order to multiply your returns.
Sell for $300, buy for $50, Sell for $200, buy for $60, Sell for $900 buy for $100.
At the end of the day, you put $0 in and take a ton out due to the ignorance of others.
What If I told you I am a fund manager, I have this amazing investment. Give me $10 million and I will give you a stock that will be worth $12 million in 2 weeks if you tell your friends how awesome the stock is. A week goes by, and you find out I sold stock to each of your friends for a higher price. I take the $10-12m each and run off to Barbados, leaving you and your friends with nothing but a stock that is only worth whatever each of you think it's worth.
Now, imagine I had a digital coin, and if you invested $100 into each coin, I promised that you will get $120 for it in 2 weeks if all you do is tell your friends how awesome the coin is.
A week goes by and you find out I sold digital coins to each of your friends for a higher price. I take the $100-120  each  and ran off to Barbados, leaving you and your friends with nothing but a coin that is only worth whatever each of you think it's worth.
Which one is the ponzi scheme, which isnt.
@_date: 2013-10-05 16:13:06
And you are full of abusive addictions. All your discussions are either BTC, PORN, or Technology, with a dash of drug use. Sounds like a nice life.
@_date: 2013-08-30 06:15:43
So let me get this straight.
Some risk.
Some work.
Zero benefit.
Got it
@_date: 2013-09-13 06:32:48
Funny thing, they even hinted at it with the color scheme and design. I guess they wanted to design it so you felt a connection to amazon when you purchased through this site. 
When I first saw the site I fought off a sense of familiarity. 
The chosen colors (white, gold black), the "departments", the general layout, completely copied search bar. 
The one thing I'd change is the menu colors and the "SAFE, RESPONSIBLE, RELIABLE" thing. If you have to advertise that, you aren't winning me over. Maybe be more subtle with the similarities. Reminding me of Amazon is what made me check amazon immediately... to compare. I think it's a smart move to prevent that.
The "FREE SHIPPING" thing doesn't help either. It's both obtrusive and insulting. "Hey, thanks for $100, here, have some free shipping! You need it more than me now!"
@_date: 2013-09-13 05:23:14
That's the joke.
Idiot..erm.. *genius bitcoin user* buys item on this site.
These guys receive the payment via btc, turn it to cash,  buy item for cheaper price wherever, pay for the $10 to repack and ship it to buyer. 
They make free profit doing nothing but being a 3rd party. Probably beats the hell out of being an affiliate.
You pay them $172 to buy it for you on amazon and change the boxes (if that).
Here's a "recommended product"
$2,842 usd
$2,600 usd
$242 markup
I'd guess that these two guys have or will run a system to scan for daily deals, recommending items without changing the regular price markups to further exploit a niche consumer's *patriotism* to btc. 
I guess its the old saying over again, fool and his money, etc. Props to them for doing such things.
Edit: Does anyone check to see if they actually donate anything? Transparency would be great.
@_date: 2013-09-13 09:20:54
But we already have transfer systems. I do not see how this is any different than a paypal like system when you break it down.
@_date: 2013-10-05 17:02:18
As full as shit can fill you with.
@_date: 2013-08-22 07:31:08
I'm sorry, I didn't know the world stock market was a temporary institution that only existed in the 18th century... better sell my shares of tesla motors before news catches on and they become worthless.
Unless you mean "Are there any other CURRENT institutions that I'd like to draw a comparison to". Then no, I think the world's largest and most successful market system is the only one I really like to mention at this moment.
@_date: 2013-10-19 05:44:25
People still use Western Union?
Edit: I guess if people are dumb enough to use btc, people are dumb enough to use western union...
@_date: 2013-09-19 08:45:46
Early adopters---- in @ $.0001/btc
Newer adopters---- buys from earlier adopters for $.0010
Even Newer adopters---- buys from earlier adopters for $.01
etc etc etc
The btc mining system creates artificial price growth by increasing difficulty and lowering rewards.
Those at the top of the ponzi have the most btc for the cheapest price. Since they came first, they are more likely to control the majority of mined btc. All they have to do is sit on these btc, thus limiting the amount available and lowering the market liquidity. Since the btc has no inherent value (it doesn't physically exist and does not contain special properties or intellectual assets), and it doesn't generate income or produce any work, btc is only valued by what people will spend for it (like gold, but without the economic and manufacturing value of gold). Without liquidity, you can basically set whatever price you want, so long as you have a chump willing to buy it for your price . If you increase the amount of buyers and maintain a limited supply, you are incentive to inflate the price in order to sell for a profit to new buyers looking to get their first bitcoin(s). You are also quickly able to crash the market by merely introducing a few more coins than usual. I suspect some of the early adopters did this in the most recent crash... Imagine if the market is 200k coins, and you and your buddies own 90k that has never been circulated on the market before. And you see prices at $260/coin... you make a profit of $259 per coin since you were the first ones to adopt. You put as many coins on the market as possible, some others see this massive sale and buy in, others panic thinking its the end of the ponzi and sell... When the bloodshed is over, btc are worth $40. Tons of new buyers come in because they were waiting for cheaper btc after their friends told them about it. What do you do? BUY MORE BTC than you had before! You can now buy 5-6 btc for every one you sold at the top. Take the 100k btc you now own and take them out of the system, increasing the scarcity again for the next bubble, or start bidding up the market with high priced sell orders. Rinse, repeat.
The reason you shouldn't listen to people who own btc is because they are likely trying to inflate the prices more to make a profit on the btc they own. They want to increase the amount of people who come in, and the demand for it. They also want to make a quick buck before the next crash happens. Basically, btc is affiliate pyramid marketing 2.0. Some guy sells you the original idea, you find ways to increase demand in order to sell that idea for more money.
At the end of the day, a lot of money is taken/given, and nothing of value was actually provided.
Ultimate ponzi. See you at the next bubble!
@_date: 2013-09-13 07:58:00
Steps to start a ponzi scheme:
1. Have worthless shit that only you own or know about, make it kinda secretive and cool
2. Convince other people (* see: idiot) that this shit you are shoveling is worth more than nothing and start selling this shit to those people or exchange it for their services and promise them vast richest for being an early adopter. Do this by making the worthless shit seem to have an advantage over other forms of worthless shit. Make shit up, you are already neck deep in it already. Make it seem fancy or advanced or increasingly rare!
3. Get those people to tell others how much the shit is worth and how much more it will be worth when the worthless shit becomes more commonly adopted.
4. Sell as much worthless shit to the people who listened to the people you sold the original amount of worthless shit to. You are all making money on worthless shit together now.
5. The people you sold the worthless shit may understand its shit but want to make money, so they keep selling the worthless shit.
6. Keep producing and selling worthless shit as long and as fast as possible. Never let up! To attract more people, offer derivative forms of the worthless shit, start selling shovels and shit storing facilities. You name it!
7. If you don't tell more people how much more the shit is now worth, and keep inspiring others to increase the price of the worthless shit, your personal worthless shit holdings would stop making money.
8. Never say anything bad about the shit, otherwise the market value of worthless shit might go back to being worth shit before you could sell out and profit on the worthless shit investment. 
9. If someone notices how worthless the worthless shit it, call him a shill, a liar or a fed. Make it look like he's trying to confuse the shit owners into selling their worthless shit for less than market value.
10. Don't be the last person out, or you'll be stuck with a whole bunch of worthless shit.
And that's how btc started.
Edited for realism.
@_date: 2013-08-30 06:26:06
I'm just saying that if/when push comes to shove, nobody is going to take my e-money over cash/gold/whatever, and that means there is an inherent value in these items as opposed to btc.
Currency can be seen as a lot more than just a object used to trade goods/services. There is a brand and image associated with currency, and people will take a well known and reputable currency over one that isn't exactly well known by the local public.
@_date: 2013-08-30 04:57:57
Yep, I don't agree to the perfection/superiority of your faith so I'm automatically "insert scapegoat of your hate" in a nice little package. I'm the man, I'm the jew, I'm the muslim, I'm the capitalist, I'm the bolshevik. I'm not you or people like you. It's funny how everyone hates faith based religions on this site, but the second they find a faith based techno-currency, its like they had never heard of the concept of objectivity before. Same rules apply to a currency as to a book of "holy" text or a god or prophet.
Once you guys start noticing and sorting your own self-delusions, you might get around to actually making this thing into a real currency.
Edit: I'll hold my breath.
@_date: 2013-09-17 19:40:48
I posted pretty much this exact message regarding people talking smack about bank wires vs btc transfer. 
This will quickly be ignored by 99% of btc users as just a single (although often and varied) example of btc not being the best option, twisted into a positive for btc and go back to self-promoting their ponzi investment.
@_date: 2013-09-16 01:29:39
So... you are basically admitting to being a moron on purpose.
Well that puts you 1 step ahead of the average btc moron who doesn't even understand he's getting ripped off in order to make those who ripped him off richer by "supporting btc", so props!
@_date: 2013-08-30 05:39:26
I'm still waiting for you to tell me how you will access your miracle currency without internet or a device that can connect to bitcoin networks. Let's say you are in Syria right now and all your money is tied into btc, and the government decides to cut all power and internet services. What will you barter with to exist for the next 48 hours? I guess blowjobs are a great currency, so why don't we just use that instead? We can call it "blow coin".
@_date: 2013-09-20 05:57:35
Why not?
@_date: 2013-09-15 22:55:12
Just like in the stock market, there are bots that artificially increase/decrease the prices using multiple buy and sell orders at prices above and below the actual market. Doing so enough makes the prices appear to be higher or lower than the real market. As people fill orders at market, the market price can and does get pushed in the direction that bot dictates if there is no counter to the bot vs another bot doing the same and opposite artificial moving.
@_date: 2013-06-29 23:08:20
Here is my understanding of the BTC fad in a nutshell: SCAM. A system of well known scams that no longer work in the real world.
BFL is a scam. You have all been scammed. A group of scammers made a killing on all the free money you gave them. Even if you do receive product, it will be worth a fraction of what it was when they promised shipping. While you waited, they mined. While you hoped, they profited. While you begged, they laughed in their new sports cars.
Bitcoin is a scam. You have all been scammed. A group of frauds bid up the bitcoin market with various (and easy) means. Bitcoin is a small and shallow market, akin to Penny Stocks in the real world. You are buying and selling into an unregulated  and well known "pump and dump" scheme. Welcome to Boiler room. You bought into their bubbles like sheep and now they can buy their lambo's in cash instead of BTC.
Those of you who literally paid some of these fraudsters to find ways to take your money and who let anonymous snakeoil salesmen take advantage of your "faith", will get lovely used and almost entirely unprofitable ASIC miners as parting gifts. They will make great paper weights. If you just have bitcoin when the governments decide to banish it's trading IRL, you will have nothing to show for it.
The Bitcoin community is a scam. Many individuals repeatedly play you for fools by starting vapor "funds" and semi-plausible "get rich quick projects" that you happily funded with untraceable cash. Little did you know that the "get rich quick projects" were the project themselves, coning idiots to willingly hand over free money in a recession. Some of you overpaid for items that were artificially bid up. Many of the "trusted" community contributors are just taking you to the slaughterhouse.
Haven't any of you found it odd that bitcoin was started by the same unknown shadowy figure (who we assume isn't just a figure produced by a group of scammers) who posted a paper about how awesome bitcoin would be during the "worst days" of a worldwide recession? Where else would a scammer go when faced with more public scrutiny about fiscal policy, tighter regulations, and people who had less money to "throw around" at any potential scam that would come along. Scam artists are usually found out when recessions hit, because the money dries up. 
Hell, if I were a scammer, a fake and anonymous currency system would sound like a really great way to continue a "career" that just became a lot harder to pull off in the real world.
A year after this paper gets posted, and this super new currency is already up and running with a handful of "in the know" bitcointalk users setting the prices. Let's not forget the massive bitcoin generation that was apparently "erased" only a year after the system was started, or the "forks"  that have also caused some issues. We know that the MAJOR transaction was deleted, but what about the potentially MILLIONS of other transactions that could have taken place over the entirety of 2 years between the open source release and the  closure of an engineered exploit?
The fact of the matter is that bitcoin is DESIGNED to increase in price exponentially. All it needs is some suckers to buy ANY of the coins from the first ones to adopt, ad infinitum. This is PONZI 101. The new investors pay for the old investors until no new investors are found.
You are investing in a sucker scheme masked as a savior of the poor and helpless recession victims. We are not being FREED from the grips of global banks and governments. We will never be able to completely shed off the OFFICIAL CURRENCIES we locally trade BTC for! You are just putting a middle man in the way between you and your "real" money, and you are hoping that the shadowy anons who started this thing are actually in it to help others. That's a losing bet.
@_date: 2013-10-05 16:51:13
Not eventually, potentially. If it were to happen, it would be from human error somewhere down the line. We'd all be dead if one idiot had such power solely in his hands. Luckily, we have politics to help keep order, but even that has its limits.
There is no such thing as "more potential" in one way versus the other. You have no understanding of technology and the rules of nature if you believe that things can be undoubtedly placed in the "positive" side without equal placement in the negative. This goes for every technology created by man. The laws of physics don't just apply to atoms and stars.
@_date: 2013-09-16 22:45:23
You guys do understand that all these processes take so long and cost what they do in order to ensure fraudulent activities and other protections are in place to minimize the loss of your money. If you cancel due to a mistake, you can stop the transfer in time and avoid loss.
Probably not.
If you remove all the regulation and protection features, of course it will be cheaper and faster. Although if you misclick or send to the wrong address by accident, you never get that money back then come on here and complain about it. How great.
Also: In before localized regulation of btc transfers and btc users still saying how it's still better despite being exactly the same.
edit: 
lol so superior. Unless btc is in a bankrun situation, this shouldn't ever happen.
@_date: 2013-09-14 07:00:45
I would answer this question for you, but I don't believe you should lie to your parents about an air currency with absolutely no value.
Save the btc speculation to yourself, don't drag other people into your betting game.
@_date: 2013-09-14 05:30:49
Exactly right, btc users are afwaid of the big bad government, the big bad fed, the big bad bank and the big bad corporation... aka the ultimate representations of human created complexity. So out of fear they created a cute little quasi currency that they understand (Codes! Programming!) to make them believe that they are now protected from the fears they have in the real world. Then they tell their dumb friends about all these complex codes and programming techniques used to make btc so superior to everything else they don't really understand either.
Such is the power of illusion. Looks great so long as you only look within the haze of illusion.
To 99% of the people outside the haze of false security, it's just another gimmick to swindle money out of the hands of those who don't know better. For every one of you special little programmers, there's a smarter programmer looking to make a quick buck on a chump. Enter btc.
It's a derivative of the "the world is fucked, buy gold" theory, only without an actual physical product that could be used as a material in production. The quickest way to get rich quick involves nothing of real value.
@_date: 2013-09-19 08:55:51
That's a more... retarded and illogical twisting of the concept but...Yes... you are right technically right...
If people believe in an idea, then that idea is created by the people who believe in it. Perception is reality.
We created god, we killed god. God is dead, but god exists to those who think he does, and not to those who don't.
Not sure why you suddenly agreed with me..
