@_author: barghest89
@_date: 2017-12-02 08:02:14
So far, absolutely nothing from Coinbase. Not even after a second mail. GDAX also stopped responding after their first mail asking for details.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:13:02
See my comment and other comments above. The reply seems to be the same copy-pasted text every time they respond. And of course, they won't take responsibility for the incident.
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:24:31
So I got this response from Coinbase today:
Sorry for the delay here. As we experience rapid growth, we are also experiencing a high volume of support requests. We regret not being able to answer your inquiry in a reasonable amount of time.
It appears that you’ve been the victim of a fraudulent phishing attack designed to steal your login information. Malicious actors will attempt to create similar-looking websites to GDAX and Coinbase, advertised in Google searches, in an effort to get you to enter your login credentials there. It appears your password, email and 2-fa codes were used to send digital currency from your account after being entered into a phishing site. In many cases, the attackers use your security credentials to enable Authenticator in their control, thus preventing you to regain access to the account.
Please update your e-mail password and Coinbase password as quickly as possible on coinbase.com/password_resets/new. It is imperative you take action to secure your accounts after entering your credentials on a phishing scam site
If you can, check your internet history and find the URL you visited during the unauthorized sends. Copy and paste that URL into a response to this email. We will work towards taking down all fraudulent websites targeting our users.
We strongly suggest you report this theft to the authorities at  We will cooperate with all law enforcement investigations. We also recommend reporting the advertisement you found the Google directly at 
Digital currencies cannot be reversed, we have no way of reversing or reimbursing transactions confirmed on the blockchain network verified by your password, email and 2-fa phone codes. For future reference, we have an article with some advice for avoiding digital currency scams: 
We’re leaving your account disabled until you are certain your passwords have been cycled, you are certain your e-mail is secured and you believe your account is no longer at risk. We’re very sorry to hear of the negative experience you have had with these phishing sites. I can offer the following recommendations going forward:
1. Always check the URL and Green Lock in the URL of your browser. GDAX.com and Coinbase.com are the only URLs legitimately used by our company. 
2. Bookmark GDAX/Coinbase and never visit advertisements on Google to access the site. Click the bookmark directly. 
3. Closely examine any emails claiming to be from Coinbase. Attackers will use very slight and subtle variations to avoid detection. Report any phishing sites on this URL 
Please respond to this email when your e-mail is secured, your passwords have been cycled and when you have reviewed the URL of the website you visited. We appreciate any additional insight you can provide on the attack.
Link 
Customer Support 
So, moving away from coinbase for good. 
My advice to anyone affected by this or considering using Coinbase:
1. Use another exchange with higher security standards. Bittrex and Bitfinex all require additional 2FA for security changes and deposits. Bitfinex also lets you whitelist deposit addresses and has some other neat features and seems to be the most secure I found so far. 
2. Use an offline wallet, ideally a tamperproof device like the Ledger Nano S to store your coins long-term. But the common desktop applications also do the trick. 
3. If you must/want to use Coinbase despite their lower security measures, make sure to move coins away from there as quickly as possible (see 2.)
@_date: 2017-11-27 01:03:36
There also is a HTTPS version of that website, so beware. Fooled me...
@_date: 2017-11-27 01:00:47
Changed everything already. Coinbase and Google. Can't access CB though, those SOBs changed the 2-factor auth as well, as it seems. Luckily I have no credit cards associated.
@_date: 2017-11-27 00:09:32
Same here. Just lost 1,5k. Not too much compared to others here but still... hoping that there's something coinbase can do.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:17:10
Got a message from GDAX asking for details of the incident, fruitlessly waited in the line for coinbase's phone suppport for about an hour... still no official response from coinbase. 
What about you guys? Any news?
I'm starting to book this under "(tough) life lesson learned"...