@_author: barnacle999
@_date: 2013-05-31 00:34:45
There are myriad possible solutions and outcomes to those scenarios. Bitcoin suddenly becoming a unified world currency is not even near the top of the list.  In fact it's probably at the bottom.
@_date: 2013-12-10 14:37:43
Dear ViewSauce,  
  
We don't give a shit about your purchasing decisions and neither does anyone else.  
  
Love,  
  
@_date: 2013-12-11 00:15:36
You have no idea whether their decision is "political" or not, so you're talking out your ass. :)  
  
It's more likely they want to ensure that such apps jive with their payment processing system. Also, there are legal ramifications to consider. Bitcoin is not legally recognized in all countries where the App Store operates, and it is in fact these legal considerations that has led to Apple's recent actions. As someone else brought up in another thread, why would Apple open themselves up to a class action lawsuit because one of the neckbeards on this subreddit lost a couple bitcoins on an iOS device? So again you're just speculating and being whiny based on your weird uninformed opinions of the matter which are not grounded in reality.  
  
And this whole "open/closed" argument is so tired and ridiculous. The only way in which Google store is more open is that with iOS you have to show Apple that your app isn't either malware or complete crap. The "closed" argument is a tired old myth.  
  
Also, what's childish is the garbageware mess that is the Android App store. Glutted with crap, malware, spam apps. It's a joke. Google is an ad company wanting to sell ads, so they built a shitty freeware OS and gave it away to the bush-leaguers of the world so they can sell junk for razor thin margins.
  
Studies have also shown iOS users to be older, better educated and wealthier than Android users. So we're talking about an average iPhone user who is an affluent professional, and an average Android user who mouth breathes in his mom's basement rooting his crappy HTC. Grow up, indeed :)
@_date: 2013-05-30 21:30:18
That would be required to destroy it, but not to keep it marginalized as it is now. They don't have to destroy bitcoin to keep the rainbow and Care Bear scenario from coming to fruition. Which, by the way, will not happen in our lifetimes.
@_date: 2013-05-31 04:06:24
Of course they would replace it.  And investors, bankers and nations ARE consumers. Really big ones that buy a lot of currency, goods, services etc.  
Either way, the dollar is in absolutely no danger of collapsing and you won't see any nation using bitcoin as their national currency in your lifetime.  The US would no sooner turn to bitcoin for their currency than they would turn to Facebook for national communication or replace the Postal Service with Yahoo mail.
@_date: 2013-12-11 02:54:15
You've proven my point. Thank you :)
@_date: 2013-05-31 02:50:27
I don't know why you think the dollar is somehow in crisis.  It isn't.  And even if it were to fail, investors would rush to other currencies backed by nations and banks with printed and/or minted money while the US built another currency, controlled again by the Fed.  The world economy isn't run by 25 year old males sitting on laptops playing starcraft II and perusing r/ronpaul.  Bankers, investors, nations and the forces that influence the world economy aren't going to turn to bitcoin because they see it as a novelty and that's simply not going to change soon.  Sorry.
@_date: 2013-05-31 11:43:51
Well the onus of proof should be on someone who thinks it will collapse, because it isn't currently collapsing. But the only real way it would is if China and Japan were to dump all their dollars. But they won't because the collapse of the dollar would hurt them badly.  They don't want the dollar to collapse. Other than that our debt to GDP ratio isn't that bad, it was much worse after WWII and we went through an economic boom. Printing money doesn't collapse a currency. There are also many fail safes in place to prevent it from collapsing. I'm not an expert by any means but from what I understand the dollar is in no danger of collapse.
@_date: 2013-12-10 09:14:49
Same here. Unsubbing. First it's the constant "Larry's Pizza now accepts Bitcoin!!!!!", and now the tired tacky Apple hate. Even when there are perfectly good bc solutions downvoted to hell. Maybe I'll come back in a few years when the kids have grown up a little.
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:49:33
My point is that looking at the App Store as being "closed" is a limited way to look at it. Apple originally didn't have 3rd party apps at all, not because Apple was arrogant or myopic, but because Jobs wanted to get it right. The app store is the way it is because Apple didn't want malware and junk apps polluting the user experience. And that isn't a bad thing. The result of Apple's "walled garden" is higher quality apps, sooner releases and faster updates than on the android store. Those are really strong benefits that any developer or user would be hard pressed to sacrifice for a nebulous concept of "openness", or allowing users to tinker with their phone, the vast majority of which are never going to do.  
The moral of the story is that Apple can be slow to move, but when they do they tend to get it right. I'm sure there is a team at Apple wrestling with how to get BTC to work on iOS in the best way possible. Apple employs some of the best engineers in the world and they aren't some backwards company embracing the past or arrogantly trying to torpedo new technologies (as with Flash, they have a history of doing the opposite). They know these currencies are out there and that they're going to have to work with them. And to assert that they somehow hate bitcoin or are going to compete with it or are just thoughtless just doesn't make any sense.
@_date: 2013-06-08 01:34:57
Serves her right for breaking up the Beatles.
@_date: 2013-10-18 07:52:44
I'm sorry but this just smacks of a bunch of guys meeting in the seventies with their tiny portable televisions, dreaming and drinking over a hopeful future. There's this strange cult forming around bitcoin. I knew there was a kind of weird zeal happening (OMG! Bob's Discount Tires now takes Bitcoin!), but seeing a bunch of dudes calling themselves "botcoiners" drinking beer and using it as a social binding agent is interesting. I guess it's cool. There's a really genuine idealism that surrounds bitcoin and I admire that.
@_date: 2013-12-10 14:47:09
Um, Android's ui IS shitty JAVA. As is Android's primary SDK.
@_date: 2013-12-10 14:41:50
Nice try, Samsung.
@_date: 2013-12-10 22:59:17
Source? First of all, patents don't cover trade names, so iCoins isn't patentable. But by all means show any evidence that Apple has a BTC-like currency in the works to compete with bitcoin. I may be wrong, but I think it's totally outrageous and doesn't pass the laugh test.
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:19:51
How can one objectively feel? Hehe. What you meant to say is that you subjectively feel and that it's your opinion.  
Also, you may be a developer, but the vast majority of developers describe the experience of developing for iPhone to be far superior, cheaper and faster to develop for iOS due to Android's crippling fragmentation. There are over 12,000 unique android models on over 600 carriers, running on about 6 versions of Android. Not to mention the frankenstein versions the carriers sometimes release. Couple that with a laughably abysmal adoption rate for new versions of the OS and it's a huge mess. I'm curious, what apps have you developed and how has your experience been so much better developing for Android?
