@_author: bartsj
@_date: 2014-03-28 23:58:09
Did you just do a job search or were you transferred? Are you a commonwealth citizen btw? 
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:05:09
You got me... sitting in the grey space typing away. :)
Well shit we both think we are going towards post-scarcity then? Once we are mining asteriods, pretty easy to solve most of our problems. Lets just get there as quickly and cleanly as possible.
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:53:59


Yep. I want everyone to be able to contribute to this future for the benefit of all. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 18:52:06


Yes, because I was arguing about the utility of US military. Nice Red Herring!
@_date: 2014-03-29 04:21:06
Isle of Man is supposedly very laissez-faire and is relatively rich country. So... it attracts a lot of investment and has become a hot bed for technological development. There is a demand for engineers! Similar to all countries in the 'west', having technical background will most likely put you at the top of visa/citizenship application processes. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 22:34:38
Did you serve in the military? I would love to hear why you served and what turned you against the military afterwards (I am assuming that's what you implying). I have never had the pleasure to discuss this subject with a former service member.
I think you hit the head on the nail with Either that or he is a 17 year old that reads history books like comic books and thinks US foreign policy is like Captain America (just trying to do good!) 
@_date: 2014-06-05 21:59:35
Good call! You literally had the exact conversation as I am. Glad you saved me from going any further. Cheers!
He is literally the weirdest TROLL I have ever encountered. I guess I am slightly enamored with the pro-bitcoin user name/posts but with a blatant pro-big government position. Really confused at why he likes bitcoin?!
@_date: 2014-06-10 23:06:47
R I?
@_date: 2014-06-09 23:01:24


I completely agree with you here. I am not interested in forcing anyone to live the way I want to live. I want to define my own reality and moral stories. But, that also means I should want all others to be able to do the same. Freedom to me is, is the freedom to do whatever you want in so much as it doesn't effect any others freedom to do whatever they want. Occasionally, we have shared goals and dreams, then party time.
I am interested in the 'good of the species' in so much as I want it to survive, thrive, and to become more. I really don't want to be stuck on this planet when a rouge asteroid annihilates us. We are going to have to be semi-collectively interested if we want to become multi-planetary and last a few more millennia.
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:47:20


You are convincing me, but.... we still have no good solution for common problems, which unarguably exist. Global warming, Peak oil, water rights, over harvesting of a resource base. These are not solvable within 100% an-cap model in my observation. How do we incentive 'good' behavior in these situations? Good defined as, future generations/other people getting to enjoy the bounty of our planet/universe. 


Absolute equality under the law/system is totally possible. I think you would agree. 


Here, here!
@_date: 2014-06-10 21:16:43
I am using labor in the classical sense, like an accountant. Human labor = human time. We work more (in the US) on every classical measure.
Built systems can do previously human monopolized jobs. This is starting with manual labor jobs and will move to intellectual labor jobs as well. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 22:50:32


Maybe you don't see it or experience it on a daily basis, but we are social all the time. Think of family, friend groups, religious organizations or other social gatherings. Society is moving more towards groups built around common interests. These are naturally more open and more cooperative groups, as they are 100% voluntary unlike many of our social groupings of the past. We benefit from others. Much of the time the benefits are not realized in economics terms.
@_date: 2014-06-10 21:01:19
I am usually as well. If I break from non-fiction its hard sci-fi usually. If you have the ability to read or get the audiobooks for the Mars Trilogy, it would be worth your time.
@_date: 2014-06-10 21:01:35


Is exactly what I mean by equality under the law/system. The system should be input agnostic and treat all parties as equal participants. I think we are saying the exact thing here.
@_date: 2014-06-09 17:30:41
Yes, everything in history is because the US did it. Are you seriously one of those, 'Because, Reagan' types?
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:33:23
Got it. You are absolutely correct! taken to the logical conclusion the system wouldn't work. Arguably the same thing is true with your point of view though too;
In your world, monopolization of the material world would be quite easy, as you would simply have to imbue your labor on a vast majority of the natural world. Eventually only a small percentage of the population would consolidate ownership. If this is the case, and I am at the bottom of the food change... you better believe I am going to say 'fuck it' and I am going to take your labor imbued property through any means necessary. (I don't see how this is any different then today... why don't we cut the crap about ~~being moral~~ coercion and just take what we want). 
My point is, nothing is perfect, and I would prefer to make a system that at least acknowledges that we can't own the material world and we would probably be better off working together. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 17:47:04
I did plenty of those 5-50 pagers in my Pol Sci undergrad, thanks! 
People can read and study the same thing and come to divergent conclusions. That doesn't mean they are unintelligent or misinformed. But thank you for the lesson :).
And yes we are the moral light of the world, a true bastion of freedom, and God's gift to the planet. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 23:19:10
Here we go... 
Basically productivity is going up but wages are stagnant. I was proving my point with the wrong statistics, my bad!
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:20:39
I am willing to play the game, but first;
1)Define superpower (Ill give you a hint, by definition this only accounts for the USSR, USA, and the former British Empire). If you are using the term just to reference Hegemony... then I can play ball.
2)What metric do you want to use to measure 'enlightenment' or 'ethical' foreign policy?
@_date: 2014-06-05 20:31:36
I was attempting to answer your question, but needed furthur infomation before I could answer.  Words have meaning and I needed to have a context for your viewpoint 
Ultimately your question is fallacious in so much as empires are by definition unethical and abusive. They cannot exist without the use of force. If you want more freedom in the world you dont want any state to be a superpower. Superpower status is no good for democracy. 
If I have to accept your premise though, then id probably go with the British Empire of late 19th early 20th centuries as being more ethical foreign policy... 
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:57:04
Do you have a hard time reading instruction manuals? Its hard to have a conversation when its one sided.
I literally stated that using the term superpower in no way shape or form references anything other then USA, USSR, and the British Empire. Regional empires do not equal Superpower. You are obviously using the term to simply equal empire.
Now, how about that second part. How do you want to measure 'enlightened' and 'ethical'?
@_date: 2014-06-09 22:44:03
Sorry for the delay. I try to only Reddit at work, so I can have productive free time ;)


Are you fine with pensions of public employee's and other tax payer obligations then? Those are contracts too. Dissemination of benefits over a community is still socialist whether they are contractual or not. I don't understand your differentiation here.


I definitely understand how this could be more efficient (not necessarily a good thing though, token Nazi reference). How though would this be voluntary. No one who is targeted by the assassination hedge market would have any say in it, nor would they. To me if society encourages the use of force, or needs the use of force, the system that distributes that use of  force should be accountable to those that are affected by it. 
Thus, I am more interested in empowering all. If everyone is armed (that wants to be), or at least takes responsibility for their own security (collectively) then the use of force is counter balanced with the threat of force. The cost is to high to abuse others, which creates a positive overall outcome. Eventually, society would find a happy middle ground where everyone had the equivalent to a 'handgun' and violence would be unheard of. Social investment would then be directed towards more productive endeavors.


As far as anti-social behavior here. I see the future as being incredibly cooperative, and to be successful people will want to be as pro-social as possible. Culture would voluntarily adapt in this ever increasing interdependent world. See DIY, open source, and biohacking movements. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 17:49:04
Oh, and seriously in what world do you live that you actually think The DPRK could possibly take over the Korean Peninsula let alone THE WORLD if the US wasn't stopping it!?! I can not take you seriously as a rational observer of humanity. Jesus dude!
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:14:15
Ooooooh. Statistics and open source! Daddy like.
@_date: 2014-06-10 22:54:57
You are saying that underemployment is increasing?
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:53:05




Actually, productivity has not come from increased labor. We are in fact working more, earning less, and our labor is less effective. Most of the productivity gains have come from diversification of the labor force and automation of previously labor extensive processes. Both contribute to the consolidation of wealth at the top. A big problem in my opinion.
To that point, European nations in general are moving towards &lt;40hrs work weeks and are experiencing the same productivity gains, see Germany.
The point is that human labor is becoming ever increasingly detached from productive capacity/capabilities.
@_date: 2014-06-06 18:57:10


You are forgetting about VA benefits; life long pensions and healthcare. Free education and the list goes on. But I can see your point.


I guess ultimately, I just don't see the point. I consider ~~violence~~ killing to be intellectually lazy (In noticed this might come off as insulting, not my intention). If we are to evolve as a species (which I think we are/should), we should all look to improve on our base instincts. If we could simply control our animal desires (on a personal level) or act them out in non-damaging ways then I think that will be a big step forward in human consciousness. I ultimately think its more beneficial to be a 'good' person, and we should work towards that goal by building systems that incentives good behavior. People will join up simply because its better then present systems (see Bitcoin). Of course I can not stop nor expect everyone to share my viewpoint and if the Assassination market works (proven by the market), It would be proven to be a net positive. I am unsure of how it would be killed off once started and found not be a Pandora's box, though. Slightly terrifying. 
Ill admit that we as a species are highly self-centered, but I can not agree that that is the only thing we are good for. We are incredibly social species, in fact it's probably why we survived at all. We don't have any real discernible defense mechanism besides being in large groups and ability to form complex social structures. I see human evolution as social evolution and the promotion of pro-social behavior is a net positive. Some of our greatest moments as a species are those that sacrificed themselves for the greater whole. 
We are also incredibly irrational and to build a complex society on that premise isn't a great idea. It's quite obvious that free-market economics is the way to go, as it as lifted the majority of humanity out of poverty and also allowed for more human life in general (this is definitely due to fossil fuels which aren't going to last forever). A free-market also has created the most peaceful time in our history. I am for AnCap as long as it works. But I really don't think it does a great job of killing off predatory nature of centralization, uplifting those at the bottom, nor properly addressing the issues of common property. I am very interested in decentralized technology for this reason, as well as universal benefits (i.e. Universal health care, education, and basic standard of living) payed for by taxation of the use of natural resources. Distribution based on block chain would be key here. But this could all be implemented without the use of force. I am starting to ramble on this point.
I want to respond to the rest of your message in a different block... i need a break. Thanks for chatting btw!
@_date: 2014-03-28 23:41:39
I think I heard once Isla of Man has the highest percent of engineers of any other country. So, if you are technically inclined... that might work.
@_date: 2014-06-05 20:08:52
Being positive is great... being ignorant is not. Why can't you answer simple questions? I am willing to have a conversation with you, but you continually keep ignoring what I ask. 
If you want to have a productive discussion/argument; define your terms, limit your scope, and set a metric. If you don't do that we are just speaking about feelings.
@_date: 2014-06-10 22:23:04
I was actually wrong about my numbers. We are working less by about 5-6 hrs less then we were in the 50's at 33 hrs per week. This is still more then most of western europe.
@_date: 2014-06-10 14:28:25


Ha! Don't tell my wife or family ;).
I am more in aggrement with the selfish gene thoery than not. There is however significant scientific body of evidence to say we are not rational nor quick witted. I dont see in all cases how we would/could be able to actualize a cost/benefits model in the heat of the moment. Specifically your grenade example is a bit ridiculous. .. if there is any chance to spread common gene pool the war would stop as there is more in group variation then out variation (race is a social construct), and you probably wouldnt have time to think. A fight or flight model seems to be more explanatory in that case.
To your charity case, I agree, its simply a method of self aggrandizement. I feel no guilt not giving money to my wifes church.
It sounds like we mostly agree here. Selfishness can have positive social benefits.
@_date: 2014-06-10 16:36:00
Can you elaborate on your issue of justice here? 
We are definetly hitting on our most divisive difference in our thinking. Everything else we seem to be in fundamental agreement.
@_date: 2014-03-29 04:23:32
Lucky! Thought it would be cool to work for the fledgling aerospace start ups there. My wife and I love the anglo-aesthetic that the Isle has.
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:43:13
You must really enjoy your rose tinted glasses.
The US has limited freedoms, not becuase of our government, but because people fought tooth and nail and demanded it from our government. 


You literally thanked your master for giving you freedom of speech... WOW! 
@_date: 2014-06-05 20:33:01
Btw I was employing the socratic method. You should look it up sometime.
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:06:06
Please ask yourself what has the US military done post WWII that has protected us? I like the coast guard... but I am under no illusion that the rest of our military system essentially acts as a world police which has no over sight by the american public let alone the world. 
When you say that 'US foreign policy gives you freedom', you are literally saying your freedom comes from the oppression of the rest of the world. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 16:38:06
To the automation point. Human labor has no value... the overlords have no need to exchange value with something that is valueless. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 14:44:13


I couldn't disagree with you more here. This is the crux of the issue with going full an-cap.
You own yourself (material and otherwise).
You cant 'own' anything else as its derived from common heritage. We are at best 'renting' from the biosphere and future generations. Our use of the material world has to take into account the cost of someone temporarily owning the material utility. This is why I am fine with taxation(not its current form) of material goods; i.e. valuation and compensation of the common loss held by the biosphere and humanity when someone holds posession. The just compensation/collection method is where it gets tricky and where most people have a problem with taxation. See Geolibritarianism here (at least this is the closest thing to my viewpoint ive found yet.) I am on the bus otherwise I would link the wiki.
Edit* You do have some ownership of items you make or improve. What happens when automation makes human labor obsolete, though?
@_date: 2014-06-06 04:52:54
This is awesome! Thank you for engaging.


Thank you for correcting me, I don't want to put words in your mouth. You don't owe me anything btw. While I did pay taxes, I had zero say in where they go at a federal level and would have only supported the veterans benefits and not the war. I appreciate the sentiment most military personal hold, that of, protection of ones family, and appreciate your service if that's what you intended.
I am wondering how your fellow brothers in arms feel about your view point. Is this a point of conflict with you or your family? 


These are my strength's and weaknesses too. I have a hard time feeling when I am supposed to. Rational thought usually trumps out (at least I think its rational).


This is totally what I was interested in hearing! You are thinking some incredibly self-aware shit. Good on you! I have always wondered what/how one would feel with a different mindset post conflict. I read a lot of anti-war literature (All Quiet on the Western Front, Johnny Got His Gun, Catch 22, etc..) as a young adult and was always impressed by the nuance of the viewpoint the authors gave. It is interesting to see the similarities you hold.
@_date: 2014-06-06 14:34:34
I never did understand why so many military families were/are against socialized policies, as the armed forces are 100% socialist in organization, benefits, and resource allocation.  I have always been anamored with the narrative of the core, but its so wrapped up in American exceptionalism to be honest.
Wow! A assassination futures market! I have never thought or encountered this. Is this what Lars Ulrich was trying to do on Silk Road? While it seems incredibly morally ambiguous,  I am entriged in its use as a tool. 
I could potentially see this working out like abortion, in that it  in its permission theres actually a reduction of it. It does seem to me that a wealthy individual could simply call out a hit on anyone though. Or that it would simply increase murder (which I am not fond of). Why do you think it would be a good thing? Id be interested in hearing more.
I am much more of an incentives guy personally, interested in building social systems that encourage good behavior rather then punishing bad behavior (cryoto definitely has its place here). I tend towards rehabilitation rather then imprisonment. I also have a really hard time with capital punishment. I think peoples goodness/badness isn't binary and given different options in life are all capable of the full range of moral acts. How do we encourage the pro social acts?
Have you looked into the transhumanist movement before?
What kind of coding do you do? I keep trying to get myself into writing it but I always have a really short attention span. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 23:14:22
I might actually be completely wrong about this. This was a bad idea... I am now stuck somewhere int he bowels of Labor Statistics website.  LOL.
@_date: 2014-06-11 02:49:41
I will definitely check it out. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-06-06 04:38:25
Wow! Listening to you, I could totally see myself in your shoes making the same decisions and conclusions. I definitely share a similar viewpoint, albeit I came from a different angle (liberal --&gt; left libertarian). I had no option to go into the service (medical condition) but probably would have if given the opportunity (damn, military hardware is seductive). I was always a bit suspicious of flag waving and overt patriotism, but always thought the state was the solution as I have a long line of public servants in my family. I got a B.A. in Sociology and Geopolitics at a small conservative Christian school, where it was confirmed, American dominance is a bad thing and I really wish democracy actually existed. I am still a Marxist, in so much as the critique rings true to me, but the state is not the solution. I consider myself all of the following; left-libertarian, collectivist, geo-libertarian, anarchist, and potentially an-capitalist, but over arching I am a tech guy who thinks crypto will allow for a better more just version of society.
I guess I agree with you, that the military or police are moral organization. In so much as they can/could act to protect the weak and force 'justice'. I haven't been able to come to terms with the use of force outside of militia or collective action, as I have historically been self-described as a pacifist. Additionally, how do we keep professional security accountable? I am personally, more in favor of allowing all to be an army of one(armed to the teeth if they want to be), and the use of force is moral in the case of self-defense or defense of others. Do you have any thoughts on this?  
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:57:10
Hey, have you read any of the Mar's Trilogy? Kim Stanley Robinson does a fantastic job about building an anarchist paradise in a semi post scarcity universe.
He also breaks down the anarchist political debate to the basic argument that we are tackling right now.
@_date: 2014-06-06 14:44:55


War is the baine of the youth. Where are all the people in power lining up to enact there own policies? Its sickening and predatory. 


This plus the multiple tours our peers had to go through and the fact that active military personnel represented only a fraction of society it once did. Our foreign policy lives off the blood of a few now. Probably not a great long term plan for those in power.
@_date: 2014-06-05 21:32:18
How does this in any way refer to the my above post? Wtf are you talking about?
I keep trying to engage you, even when you are unresponsive to dialogue... stop slinging insults and continually changing the subject, and actually argue your point. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:11:01
Fair point. Even without strong AI though human labor will and is becominf devalued. You would probably counter with humans can specialize. I would counter that specialization is a race to the bottom as technology progresses, and will only work for a smaller and smaller portion of the population. This of course is a slightly mute point if take into account humans enhancing.
Edit. Its hard to type on my phone in cleanroom gear :)
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:34:54
"It will never hit exactly 21 million unless something bad happens, but the block subsidy is set to deplete at block 6,930,000 which is estimated to occur sometime around the year 2140.
However, the vast majority of coins (99%) will have been mined by around 2032, when the block subsidy drops to less than 1 BTC per block. Roughly 20.67 million coins will exist, leaving less than 1/2 a million to be mined over the next 100 years.
 -/u/BashCo