@_author: bartacomus
@_date: 2018-05-02 14:18:18
Yeah... cause Bitcoins are going to buy bread.. when the dollar they are based on is worthless.. 
You have to spend money... if you dont Buy Bread.. the truck driver, the grocer, the farmer and the picker.. dont get  paid.  The rich who dont invest back.. the poor who dont put back into the system.. this is what makes currency inflate..  Paying for something that doesnt pay back.. Since Bitcoin doesnt go into payroll, tax, manufacture, resource and production.. it *doesnt put back.*
that money you put in bitcoin.. was spent the moment you clicked "finish transaction"  
@_date: 2018-05-02 14:07:27
This is how its always been.. even when people traded in physical tender.
 A run on money.. is BY PROXY.. a run on commodities. You people are worried about a bank stealing your worth.. and then you turn your worth.. into something worthless, at a freaking *price* based on the *dollar*.
Commerce depends on capital.. you people are "banking" in a "tender" that doesnt go into production, exchange, tax or payroll... *zero growth..*  That means the money you put into Bitcoin.. is already spent.. paying off people getting out of bitcoin.. and  paying for the infrastructure built to get that real money from you.
buying different money with real money... shesh.
@_date: 2018-05-02 14:08:55
Cause Bitcoins will buy bread.. when the currency its based on is worthless...
@_date: 2018-05-03 12:33:17
That's highly ideological, and how Banks were run before the Fed, and we all know how that ended. Thats the whole thing about Panic.. it Doesnt.. make sense. That's why it's called panic. 
I don't know what this has to do with Bitcoin, other than explaining how bitcoiners do to themselves what they complain the banking "system" does to them.
these people don't think about what they are doing? How a city bank pays employees.. and how nice roads and water works and utilities are.. how they afford to buy a car on _a freaking note_ and why that service is available.. or how they get a piece of banks "interests" from the investment in companies they themselves make purchases from! Wtf.. 
You couldn't ask for a more potent economic weapon against the people of this country.. 
There is a Sheikh somewhere laughing his ass off
Next time you people hit a pothole, get denied for a loan, cant fix your car, complain about the price of milk, get mad at the pricess of insurance, have to WAIT on insurance to be paid, or make ANY general victimized complaint whatsoever about finance.. thank your favorite bitcoiner.
@_date: 2018-05-02 14:39:43
There you go Dumbass.
Anyone else reading this... enjoy what you have now.. cause there are people out there \^ \^ \^ actively destroying what little left there is to go around.
@_date: 2018-05-02 13:42:14
LOL... classic.   "Im worried someone might steal my net worth.. so i withdrew it.. and turned it into something that has no worth at all"  
@_date: 2018-05-02 13:32:42
Sorry Sarek.. i tried to buy it a special helmet.. but since my bitcoins didnt go into the production, purchase of resource, manufacture, payroll of employees, or tax for infrastructure.. turns out it didnt have any value.. Thank god people "investing" money.. cause it keeps disappearing somewhere.. otherwise id never gotten my real money back..