@_author: baselismail
@_date: 2016-02-19 17:03:38
Sreaka, interesting points. I could not agree more with your point : Tor, if it becomes compatible with either Tor or any anonymous browsing software platform, adoption will spike immediately. Also, Tor apparently has been compromised on a few occasions recently, therefore there are some new alternatives or supplements available like Tails, I2P, Freenet, Subgraph OS, Freepto, Peerblock, and Tox. 
One key advantage that a solution like OpenBazaar (or any that offer peer to peer trades for no to low transaction fees) is they are much more economical for the seller, and hopefully, this will translate to lower prices for the consumers (similar to the position Walmart holds). Let's look at a single example with Amazon. There feed and pricing structures are: 
When your item sells, Amazon Payments collects the amount paid by the buyer (including the item price and any shipping, gift wrap, or other charges). Amazon Payments deducts the greater of the applicable referral fee percentage or applicable per-item minimum referral fee calculated on (i) the item price, and (ii) any gift wrap charges, in each case excluding any taxes collected through Amazon tax collection services, plus a variable closing fee. Sellers who do not pay a monthly subscription fee also pay a per item fee for each item sold. Amazon platform shipping rates apply to all items sold. 
Here's how it works:
Item price
+ Shipping charges paid by the buyer
+ Gift wrap charges paid by the buyer
- Referral fee (calculated on the item price and any gift wrap charges paid by the buyer)
- Variable closing fee
- $0.99 per item fee (waived for sellers who pay a subscription fee)
= Total deposited to seller account
Therefore, these fees may seem inconsequential on a per transaction basis, but in reality they amount to a large lump sum on a cumulative basis. Contribution margins per each item sold on Amazon are tight as is, that compounded with other variables that are outside of the control of the seller, equates to a risky proposition for sellers. 
Ultimately, it seems that OpenBazaar is an interesting social experiment to observe how consumers and sellers interact in an entirely natural efficient economic market, with supply and demand not being altered by a "third party" with opportunistic objectives. 
Curious, what are your thoughts? Do you think solutions like OpenBazaars can survive organically? Or will the sellers simply increase their prices while still remaining competitive to traditional alternatives (i.e. Amazon or eBay? 
@_date: 2016-02-19 16:35:37
I believe there are many potential reasons, including: 1) having a centralized website governed by a central authority is a significant disadvantage to a fully decentralized application running in a peer to peer environment. Having a single point of failure is dangerous and not conducive for a true next generation open e-commerce platform. If Amazon or eBay shut down temporarily, what happens? the system immediately closes or comes to a halt. 2) from a cryptographic security standpoint, the fact that your personal / private keys will not be posted publicly is a game changer, as this adds a layer of protection and security. Similar to cold storage or offline protection of your cryptographic assets. This information is only held locally on your computer and cannot be accessed externally.
The OpenBazaar blog has a good post on it as well if you're interested: 
@_date: 2016-02-19 02:11:52
I tried the OpenBazaar Beta today, despite it only having basic features, it has the potential to disrupt e-commerce as we know it; an online only platform that enables peer to peer trades and interestingly enough, when you sign up it allows you to choose the Australian Dollar as a form of currency (aside from Bitcoin). 
I wrote a quick 5 Step Tutorial with screenshots and instructions to access the Beta to help anyone get started with OpenBazaar, you can read it here if you're interested; 
Has anyone else tried the Beta? What are your initial reactions?
@_date: 2016-02-19 02:42:47
Cryptoking, awesome wiki on how to prepare a Raspberry Pi / Raspbian server for Open Bazaar, I have to try it! I am using the OB client in Windows 10 (64-bit architecture) and it is working great. Eventually it will probably be embedded into a Tor or Bitcoin friendly web browser rather than a stand alone executable program. We have to wait and see 
@_date: 2016-02-19 17:15:56
Great points Sluisifer. Improper timing is one of the leading reasons for failed startups. That being said, there are more than 2 million active BTC wallets and the number of transactions on the public Blockchain are steadily increasing (controlling for the most used addresses). If the decrease in expenses for the seller translates to lower prices downstream to the consumers, then there is a clear value proposition to OpenBazaar.  However, if this doesn't happen and suddenly Amazon or even Etsy begins accepting Bitcoin as a form of payment (not via gift cards etc), then what is OBs value proposition? What is its unique competitive differentiation? Currently it is catered to a niche demographic, and to your point I really do hope it succeeds and draws more people towards using and appreciating the beauty of cryptocurrencies. 
@_date: 2016-02-19 03:18:44
Mercistheman, 1) you don't have to setup a store per se and 2) you can modify the condition of an item you list from New to a few more options. Check out Step 4 on my quick tutorial: 