@_author: basel-ii
@_date: 2019-02-05 11:12:18
It’s must be noted that the drastic rise in the fiat money supply in the US for example has translated to very little increase in actual inflation (central banks keep missing their target).
The policy of quantitative easing occurred along the introduction of interest on reserves in the US. If interested are paid on reserves equivalent to the risk free rate of return, then banks can treat cash as equivalent to holdings of risk free assets (US treasuries for example), and so the purchase of US bonds with money has no impact on the price level.
@_date: 2019-02-05 11:19:10
A non-constant money stock is, in a stable equilibrium with no business cycles, inefficient. Inflation above the negative of the real growth rate of the economy causes distortions (consumers will consume more now rather than later, because they’re penalized if they attempt to consume according to their original plan), and same for deflation (consumers will consume less now).
But bitcoin has a constant money stock, so this is not an issue (if bitcoin was used for all exchanges, the deflation rate would be equal to the growth rate of the economy, and the outcome would be Pareto efficient).
However, if business cycles exist, no inflation is a terrible problem. Wages are sticky downwards; businesses seldom cut wages but instead fire employees during downturns (in fact, in many countries, if you look at the data, average hourly wages of those employed increases during recessions, because typically less productive workers are cut). This increases the unemployment rate and naturally has more devastating and unequal consequences on the now unemployed versus a situation where every takes a pay cut. Hence, central banks usually attempt to raise inflation during downturns, so nominal wages can stay constant, but real wages can fall (ie everyone gets a downturn), which helps with macroeconomic stabilization.
There’s also a point to be made regarding the zero lower bound - interest rate cuts may become much less effective once nominal rates are 0%. This means that the most negative you can make real interest rates depends on the rate of inflation - which is targeted at 2% in most developed countries (allowing for a -2% real interest rate during downturns, which incentivizes consumption over saving in that period for macroeconomic stabilization).
@_date: 2018-02-06 08:04:02
The other items are assets, not money. The value of money is the inverse of the average price level of things bought with that money, and inflation hasn't changed much over the last day. In fact, falling asset prices means your money (USD) is more valuable.