@_author: bashcoautoblame
@_date: 2015-01-05 12:53:49
Yubikey are 2FA, not signing HSM. They can be used with a third party but they can not in themselves contain private keys. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 13:09:36
You also end up with insane amounts of block headers. Rather than tens of megabytes a year you might end up with gigabytes in some cases. It makes it almost impossible to use SPV clients, though the sorts of altcoins making these changes don't normally have that in mind. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 12:52:48
Parroting vitalik won't get you very far. "Weak subjectivity" is just his phrase for "ask your friends if your block chain is on the right fork!". which seems a lot less flashy and a lot more fragile. Proof of Stake has little ability to actually become a consensus system, just due to the fact that all of the risk and reward is internal to it rather than external. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 10:41:05


Yes. You need bidirectional communication between the signing parties and this is not possible through the bitcoin network. Copay for example uses a websockets service. 


There is, you can make half signed transactions. These are however totally invalid (because they don't satisfy the script) and can't be sent around the Bitcoin network. You need to communicate these manually, through HTTP, email, even carrier pigeon if you felt like it. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 10:18:43
There's no concept of "balances" in Bitcoin. There's no adding to a balance, subtracting from it, or ownership of a balance. It's just not a concept that exists. Block explorers showing balances are incorrect and entirely misleading. 
We use something called "outputs". An output is a script and a note of it's monetary value. For a multisignature transaction might be something along like lines of "I am spendable by any two of these three people", and a value such as 1 BTC. Only people who can satisfy the script "in this case, proving two signatures of the three possible) can spend the money. 
Similarly to a normal wallet having a pool of the outputs it knows it can spend on it's own, a multisignature wallet has a pool of outputs it thinks it can spend with collaboration with specific other parties. 