@_author: basicinstincts
@_date: 2018-10-17 03:41:25


Interesting! Looks like it's in the theoretical /white paper stage right now. I guess this would come as a fork, if it comes...
@_date: 2018-10-18 17:00:08
Well, with the stock  market very overvalued, we may be able to test your theory soon!
@_date: 2018-10-17 05:07:35
We can buy an item in a store with a credit card and immediately leave the store with the item because the the card processor (within seconds) confirmed the transaction. The store won't get paid until later and is subject to chargebacks but the initial payment was captured in seconds. Bitcoin cannot confirm transactions within seconds, without modifying Bitcoin (which some others in this thread are talking about).
My question was how Bitcoin can allow for this instead of making people wait until the confirmations start to come in, which takes some time with Bitcoin compared to Visa/Mastercard. If people envision using Bitcoin in place of credit/debit cards, my original question is how's that going to work if they have to wait minutes/hours in the store for their payment to clear.
@_date: 2018-11-15 00:23:19
Someone's suing him claiming he has 1 million bitcoins: 
The question wasn't, "does he have a lot of Bitcoin?". The question was whether others believe he does and that's part of what dropped the price today? I mean, we KNOW at least one person believes he has a lot of bitcoin--ya know, the estate suing him for 1 million bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-11-01 15:36:54
Eventually, one of three things will happen:
1. Your account is unlocked and law enforcement never makes contact.
2. Law enforcement makes contact, which means they are pursuing a criminal arrest against you as well as seizing the coins.
3. Law enforcement lacks jurisdiction over you, but they do have jurisdiction over the person who reported the coins stolen / extorted /etc (or perhaps its a tax evasion issue, a divorce issue asset issue, money laundering, etc). Whatever the cause, they seize the coins with a court order but they lack physical jurisdiction over you or your country lacks an extradition treaty with their country. In that case, your coins are gone but you remain out of jail.
The details of how each work would depend on what country you live in, what country the person complaining lives in, etc. But investigations don't last forever. I do believe Binance has is abiding by a legally binding warrant, subpoena or court order of some kind. In the U.S., if a financial company ignored a court of competent jurisdiction, they would have criminal and civil liability.
@_date: 2018-11-01 15:03:32
At least with the Comex and Gold/Silver you have the option of taking delivery of the product (if they have it--I think the Comex can deliver in cash if they have to but that would create a lot of attention). Here, the bitcoin derivatives will be settled in cash. This will suppress the price of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-01 14:50:38
Derivatives allow investing in something without anyone every buying it? An example of a derivative is a future's contract, but in this case, the bitcoin derivatives will be settled in cash, not the actual product. So, investors could spend millions (or billions) without any of them ever buying the underlying product? 
This siphons money away from actual bitcoin investment?
@_date: 2018-11-01 16:03:17
Binance did share the reason with you, though. They told you to contact local law enforcement repeatedly. That's where the order to freeze is coming from. That's the source.
Why not contact the law enforcement agency that Binance told you to--unless you already have and didn't like their response! You'll get no where trying to get a finance company to break the law by overriding a law enforcement or court order.
@_date: 2018-11-02 15:31:26
They told you the reason for the block is a law enforcement investigation. They told you to contact law enforcement for further information.
If you contact law enforcement, you'll have to identify yourself. That's why you won't do it, right?
@_date: 2018-11-26 19:39:25
OP is correct. Something similar has been happening in the Gold market for years. Large entities control most of the supply and it's leased out, borrowed, swapped, etc on paper and many transactions never result in movement of real gold. Paper is shuffled around, and it has suppressed the price of Gold. They sell gold that they do not have.
This is coming to Bitcoin if you aren't very careful. This is how the government makes/will make the dollar seem more attractive than Gold or Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-11-01 15:00:24
Binance responded here in this thread: see the bold prefaced response.
It sounds like law enforcement served Binance with a warrant or subpoena that locked your account while they investigate the bitcoins.
Any financial organization (traditional bank, brokerage, exchange, etc) must obey warrants and subpoenas from competent jurisdictions.
I think you know what the investigation is about and I think it has to do with how you acquired the Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-15 00:26:29
If he really controls 1 million bitcoins, and he dumped that on the exchanges, yeah that would sink it. That's roughly $5.5 billion dollars worth--even just part of that would sink the exchange price.
@_date: 2018-11-01 18:13:38
The short answer is they allow people to bet the price of bitcoin will go up or down without actually owning any bitcoin. This will siphon money away from physical bitcoin into paper bitcoin, which is the same issue we have with paper gold and paper silver. 
In other words, if you want to invest in bitcoin, your investment should reduce the supply of bitcoin available. Derivatives will not do this, effectively allowing investment consumers to invest in or short bitcoin without owning any physical bitcoin. Let's say 12 million new people invested in bitcoin (one way or another) through derivatives. Yay! But wait, no one actually owns or buys any bitcoin in the transaction. This doesn't reduce supply and otherwise help the physical bitcoin price to climb.
@_date: 2018-11-01 15:43:23
How can Binance know when a law enforcement investigation will conclude? Law enforcement doesn't work for them. They received a court order of some kind and they are simply abiding by it. In most parts of the world, if a financial company ignores a court order, they can be subject to criminal and civil liability. You can't just ignore a court order. 
Why haven't you contacted your local law enforcement as Binance told you to? Maybe you have and you didn't like the law enforcement agency's response, so you trying to persuade a Binance to violate the law by ignoring a court order?
@_date: 2018-12-02 06:53:30
Can't prove a negative in this case.