@_author: batchping
@_date: 2014-03-19 22:10:19
Different way of looking at the numbers, another insight in to the total altcoin market.  An attempt at a simple measure.
People like to rank coins by either, 1) Coin Price , 2) Market Capital .
This isn't the whole story of a coin, you need to take in to account how many people can take part in the community .  The $1,000,000 is chosen to take in to account how many real world millionaires could be part of a crypto coin community. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 22:36:00
Not really as simple as you put it, and the ranking attempt may be wrong. But, it would be useful to have a one glance overview of a crypto currency. You need to know in one glance, 
1) Total supply.
2) Unit cost.
3) How many users can it support ( which depends on their wealth, $1,000,000 isn't too random )
4) Popularity
The ranking above clearly breaks the usual dependence on ranking the coin value, and the coin total supply.  It measures the utilisation, and if you look at the first few coins in the ranking you can't deny the utilization of those coins. Do you disagree that bitcoin tops all requirements? (Bitcoin, Litecoin, Auroracoin, Peercoin, Dogecoin, Namecoin ...) 
As for "typical altcoiner" ah... you should not be so dismissive, you sound like the early bitcoin deniers, and the gap to jump to altcoin is 
much smaller that the origional jump to bitcoin.
The cryptocoin world is so new, and is going to change the online financial world in the same way it did for publishing.  You have many different publishing sites these days, and data "exchanges" / "dealers" google is one of the more successful.  This is where crypto coins are heading. 
A lot of altcoins are copy can bitcoin, and are failing, they are at the bottom of that list and will disappear.
Communities will develop and want to have their own sovereignty, and their own currency... which will be democratically chosen. It's already the case. 
Bitcoin is acting like a reserve currency, people dealing in other coins do mention they will save in bitcoins. This is quite interesting. More an more people dealing in crypto currencies are not converting direct to the $.
I am actualy a bitcoin holder, it was my first coin, but since they cost me so little, it's not been a pain to exchange them for other coins.  But I've been looking for some type of measure to justify which coins to buy.  I think I found something that works for me.
I think only time will tell in this case.  :)
@_date: 2014-03-19 22:02:29


Hey, thanks for that info.  Will book mark them.
They do look like they are ranking, but, in terms of profitability and mining.
The ranking I link to above is an attempt at ranking the establishment of a coin, how many people can it represent value wise, number of coins and price, and community adoption all in one simple ranking.
e.g.  may not be convenient for an member of an economy to deal in in a crypto coin with only 2 coins, each valued at $1,000,000
You can see Bitcoin is top, which makes a lot of sense, and EKrona coin is all the way at the bottom.
@_date: 2014-03-19 23:00:40
Hmm, I will have a read.
At first glance, yes I was actually just disappointed and thought I may have made a massive error, it does look like the same ranking, for the top coins yes. 
I took a look further down the list the ranking do not mirror each other, if the transfer, supply, cost and user base don't gel, a coin is doomed.
It's not the same ranking.
I think I need to find out if there are real world economists studying crypto coin, I would love to read their insight.. but am afraid they may poo poo the entire crypto coin community - which is a shame, as... there are many measurements in economics which are simple inverse proportions on the total amount of money available, e.g. 
Bitcoin I'm sure has not only inspired me to read up on economics. Which is great!  If there is a website out there that applies meatspace currency analysis to cryptocoins that would be great!