@_author: batmanreturns123
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:44:33
Mexico.. really? people get there killed daily. 
Literally all these "cheap cost of living" places you are paying by shitty security in return.
To be honest I love my country, other than the taxes. I wouldn't like to barely ever see again my family and friends, but I wouldn't also like to lose my wealth in taxes.
I considered Andorra because it's right here very close to Spain, but I would need to get double nationality and I think I would need to spend at least 180 days in Andorra to maintain it and be able to pay taxes in Andorra, so this means you would need to be able to buy a house in Andorra before you attempt to do this, so I would buy a house in Andorra, live there 180 days, then come back to my parent's house... I don't know. My goal is to have passive income so I don't need to work. Ideally, I would like to buy a flat in one of the main cities in Spain like Madrid or Barcelona which you can put in rent for 1000€ a month and that would be enough for me to live at least in Spain, in Andorra cost of living goes up but less taxes... 
I don't know, hopefully by 2022 BTC is worth 6 figures, then I could be able to do this I think. I would like a city flat for rent, and a house on the outside of the city with a nice pool and shit, less pollution and less noise, so one for passive income and one for actual living. Then a third residence in Andorra to live there the 180 days in order to avoid Spain's insane taxes. My parents got some parking spots which I would eventually inherit so that would help me with extra 300€ a month or so. Also my internet gains will also help me with an extra bit. In Spain with 2000€ you can live a nice life as a single man. What do you think.
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:11:26
You guys.. this is nothing. Try being from Spain:
1) Any transfers above 3000€ must be reported by the bank by law.
2) If you make money monthly, you must pay 286€ monthly, this is called "cuota de autonomos"
3) You also must pay 20% of whatever you make every 3 months
4) I think you also must pay at the end of the year, an overall tax that depends on how much you made, so for anything above 60.000€ on capital gains it's 45%
Needless to say im considering suicide. Whenever I intend to buy some real estate, im going to be supposed to report every single satoshi I ever made, get it taxed, and potentially face counteirfeit of the amount I cashout because they may not like my explainations (for example, I have lost track of some of my deposits on my wallet, because I did some trading on dead exchanges like Mintpal).
I also made income monthly paid in Bitcoin for years on bitcointalk, so I was supposed to be paying that "cuota de autonomos", now im scared that they will make me pay all of the unpaid cuotas + 20% recharge.
Im going to end up with no money with so many taxes. I just want to own a fucking house and save the rest of my bitcoin.
Oh and owning more than 600.000€ and not having declared it becomes a crime, so if I have more than that now im a criminal? how im supposed to go about things now? this is nuts. All of my Bitcoin were acquired legally.
I don't know who to contact because tax accountants are useless since they don't know anything about bitcoin and the whole thing is still to new for the taxman to even know what to do exactly so I fear they may think "this is not clear at all... counterfeited." Fuuuck.
Oh and I also made some money on my youtube channel, I have the amount on my adsense account, it's about 5000€. So the time I cash out, im going to get my ass taxed hard on these too, and I will need to start paying the dread autonomo's cuota. This is insane, I barely make any money on there. So if you make 400€ a month with youtube, you are supposed to pay 286€ monthly, + 40€ for the accountant, +20% trimester IRPF tax... fuck. 