@_author: batty-koda
@_date: 2014-09-12 15:30:28
Do you have any idea how inefficient brute forcing over network is? Insanely. There's no way they brute forced that many accounts. Phishing that many on the other hand isn't unlikely at all, nor is being able to figure out secret questions.
@_date: 2014-04-07 21:11:00
You're in the "few" group, not the bigger group, if the net up-votes are any indication.
I saw this headline and thought to myself "20 bucks says this is sensationalized to hell" and look, it was. That shit needs to stop.
@_date: 2014-08-27 23:48:37
Yes, dumbass, clearly this is a sock puppet account that just so happens to mod a friggin default with a massive history of comments. Pretty damn dedicated sock puppeting. 
See, what's fun is that you're positive karma, so you're not a downvote troll. Which means I know there's a little voice in the back of your head reminding you that we're right and you're acting like a toolbag. Imagining the discomfort of knowing that and still acting like a toolbag because you can't admit it is just delicious.
I also enjoy watching as you are so hellbent on getting the last word. Like if you say the last thing you somehow magically are right (kind of like your "lalala i'm not listening attempts.)
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:04:23


Don't care. I have nothing invested in bitcoin, but I am a software dev. There is no excuse for sending an unhashed password in plaintext as part of the fucking url. There is no level of security that is acceptable for.
@_date: 2014-01-09 17:54:52


This is a false dichotomy. The options aren't just "mine alone" or "mine in pool that is approaching 50%". That's his point, they do not benefit from being in a 49% pool any more than a 10% pool. The 49% will get payouts more often, but smaller. 10% will be less often, but bigger. They should total out about the same. It's misleading to act as though it was comparing against mining alone.
@_date: 2014-02-14 01:01:52
Opportunity cost. The electricity is now going to something that wouldn't reward them personally, instead of towards their personal gains.
@_date: 2014-08-27 23:49:47
Sorry, I don't buy this post. A dog would've been smart enough to not make the same mistakes here you did. You're clearly not a dog, even if you are acting like a whiny bitch.
@_date: 2014-08-27 23:50:36
You give so few shits you responded to me twice AND came back to edit both comments. Wow, I'm convinced! lol.
@_date: 2014-02-25 00:34:02


Eh, I moved and the price of my electricity went down to about a quarter what I used to pay. That's just within the US. I'm sure there are even larger price discrepancies across all of bitcoin. Wanted to point out that there's a decent ability to vary with that, even if I do agree with the rest of your statements and your overall point.
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:28:26
Maybe they believe in different levels on anonymity and security of the overall transaction based on what exactly the transaction is. Supporting bitcoins doesn't mean you have to force yourself to be blind to all other forms of currency and options. It doesn't mean you have to use it regardless of circumstance.
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:31:52
Dude, you literally said "this is how the ToS is" and then the next post is "PSHHH, like I've read the ToS."
You got put in your place. If that makes you feel a negative emotion like embarassment, instead of doubling down or trying to attack him, you should instead realize your mistake and stop making such stupid statements. Pretty sure that's why we feel embarrassment.
Here you embarrassed yourself, and then when its pointed out proceeded to act even more childish. Dude, grow up, stop being so defensive, and stop NEEDING to be so defensive by not making such a damn fool of yourself in the first place.
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:32:19
Yea, I'm sure if you were in charge you'd have had a flawless system that didn't allow ANYTHING at all malicious to get by with your perfect system. /eyeroll
Technology is imperfect. Get over it. Report it, and then break out your brain and don't enter your information for into sites without checking it's the right one, especially if it gives access to money.
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:40:22
If you think that it's possible to have an automated system that is going to catch everything malicious, you know absolutely FUCK ALL about technology, and probably shouldn't be putting your money into a digital format. 
That is not how software works. Don't complain about shit you don't understand. They aren't letting it happen so they can make money. They just don't have a 100% perfect system, which will never exist.
I'm not getting into this debate on reddit again. Too often if fills up with people that think their desires dictate what does and doesn't work in technology. If you think your first statement wasn't misinformed crap, you don't know enough to have made a statement in the first place. Don't take other people being pissed off and wanting it to magically work as validation of your understanding, it's only validation that other people are annoyed too.
@_date: 2014-08-27 23:58:19
You couldn't be more of a stereotype if your name was "neckbeardandfedoratips"
@_date: 2014-02-25 01:24:08
It was reeeally confusing at first. We had some issues getting the account set up when we moved in. Didn't get a bill for the first month. Turns out it's bimonthly. Got the bill, went "wth, this can't be right. That's half our normal cost and they said it was for 2 months. Ugh, lets call 'em up."
It was a happy surprise, but sometimes I still feel like it's gotta be a trick.
@_date: 2014-10-15 16:58:08
Which isn't the point, but trying to explain how big ass projects can complicate simple things is a lost cause on reddit.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:44:05
I'm not blaming current MtGox for it. Their current fuckups seem to be entirely independent of that. I just question the security of the codebase when the legacy codebase was obviously... flawed.
But it's come a long way since then, whatever the result may have been. They could've scrapped his whole codebase. I just find that level of security abhorrent. It wouldn't have done a damn thing to stop what's going on now if it hadn't ever existed though.
@_date: 2014-03-09 20:03:42
No, it means they believe better safe than sorry. Follow the regulations that people might decide apply, so that if it they decide the regulations do apply, you're already covered and not risking messing up business by having been out of compliance.
@_date: 2013-10-19 00:39:19
You're missing the point. He isn't arguing against the numbers you're putting up. He's saying the numbers you were saying don't matter to wiki if you don't have a source. If you do have a source, you can put it on wiki. He's not asking for it. The source is for if you want something on wikipedia, not him.
You're sitting here try to prove a claim to him when he didn't question the claim. That's not what he's talking about.
@_date: 2013-03-07 23:22:57
I don't see how bitcoin is really any different though. I mean, obviously it has a different history, but it's still fiat money. It's not like it's backed by silver or gold either.
OP makes a few points or complaints about the USD that I think don't really support his argument. If bitcoin gains ground, bankers would do their damage with it same as USD. It's not like it's the form of USD that has allowed bankers to do so much damage.
Now, don't get me wrong, I don't think BitCoin is going anywhere. It will certainly be interesting to watch as it grows, but I'm just not sure about the validity of the OPs claims beyond it being unlikely to go anywhere.
And yea, the USD just doesn't really fit the definition of a ponzi scheme. It's just a fiat currency. It's a way to do trade without having to involve chickens and cows. People make it into something more than it is, just because a lot of people have found it more convenient to use than bartering, and have thus given it great power.
@_date: 2013-12-03 02:56:54
Nice misdirection! Nothing I've said had anything to do with WalMart. I was calling out your bullshit debate practices, which could've been about lube use in porn and changed none of my argument. You also forgot to call me shill.
I, for one, am SHOCKED that you would try to direct attention away from your original point.
@_date: 2013-12-03 02:49:43
Really? You must have a lot of spare time. (Also: bullshit.)
If your claim is true, you should have more evidence of it than those asking you for a citation. The only reason not to pull it up, since you would have a much easier time googling it than others, would be if you were hiding something.
Why the hell should someone have to try to figure out what you're talking about, when you know EXACTLY what you're talking about and could obviously pull it up and provide that link not just to the one person questioning you, but others as well?
Either you don't think your points would stand up to scrutiny, or they were bullshit to begin with. Stop making excuses for being too lazy to back up your point. You just want to be able to say "ohh no no no, that's not what I was talking about" if someone does call you out. Gotta have your little wiggle room.
TLDR: One of us has information to know exactly what to google and will know when they found the right thing, the other doesn't. Which one should be the one to google it? Hint: It's really obvious to anyone who isn't using 'google it' as a shield to hide behind.
@_date: 2013-12-03 02:51:13
Wow, are you going to say it in japanese next? Saying google it in another way doesn't change anything. It just means you still don't understand why 'google it' is a cop out for slackers that know they can't actually defend their point.
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:48:15
Why would it have to be located or tied to the US? The world wide web isn't just in the US...
@_date: 2013-12-03 03:05:47
Yes, I read your urbandictionary.com and friends links. None of them backed up your claims. None.
That's right. Even though you're willing to go to urban dictionary as a source, you STILL can't back up your point.
@_date: 2013-12-03 03:04:08
You mean the ones that proved my point? That you said "google it" because you didn't actually have sources. Yea, I saw your urbandictionary post. I saw that they didn't say walmart ditched the town.
Thank you for them actually. You really strongly proved my point. Your links don't back up your claim. If people had googled it, they would've found those, and had to keep looking because *you don't have evidence of your claim.* You just wanted people that would argue with you to be too busy looking for non-existing evidence to point out you're full of shit. And hey, if they do post, you can just say they didn't find the right stuff!
In case you forgot, your claim wasn't just that wal-mart crushes small businesses. It was that they leave the town after.
NOW WHAT?
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:52:15
I've seen a decent number of charts use log scale...
But on the y axis, not the x. 
(not a trader, just looked at pretty pictures)
@_date: 2013-12-03 02:41:09
Funny, you know the story, and yet you still can't google it. I'd wager you've spent more keystokes saying "google it" than it would've taken to google and link. Remind me again why you can't just link it?
Usually this happens when someone realizes he doesn't have a well defended point, and he wants to waste the opposing sides energy and then declare victory when they eventually give up on looking up his sources for him. 
You know what you're referring to. Link it. Otherwise people will just assume you're full of it, like 99% of others pulling the same bullshit strategy. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 03:28:17


Is this really the only comment you're going to leave up? Delete all the ones that showed how foolish you were being, but leave up one trying to act smug?
And by the way, no, it is not all I do. It's unusual for me to be able to show the other side is so foolish that they have to delete all their comments (except one, apparently) and run. Sadly, I cannot claim that all I do is win debates so decisively.
@_date: 2013-12-03 02:52:25
Oh good, so you know what happened and when it happened. Man, you'd think that'd be easy for you to have googled in the first place. What a crazy idea that the person who is claiming to know what he's talking about should provide links to what he's talking about.
Good job with socialismtoday and urbandictionary though. I love that you're willing to go to Urban dictionary, but still can't provide a link that actually backs up what you claimed and were questioned on.
Thanks for proving my "people who say google it do so because they think their point can't withstand scrutiny" point though!
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:31:43
Oh how cute. After deleting all your posts to hide your shame you come back to show you can google it. It only took you all night, and you knew what you were looking for.
It's cute how you replied to every post with it, but fail to realize it actually proved my point even further. If it took you, the guy who brought it up in the first place, 8 hours to prove via google (after your previous failed attempts to prove it), then obviously expecting a random person to grab it quickly is unreasonable.
Thank you for proving my point.
@_date: 2013-12-03 03:06:48
They wouldn't. Dumbass here thinks that urbandictionary is a source (and even that doesn't back up his claims.)
I'm not sure if he's a troll or an idiot, but it's definitely one of them.
@_date: 2013-12-03 01:57:15
You made the claim, you show the support.
I don't doubt that wal-mart crushes small businesses in the towns it comes to. That's a big part of what it does. However, I'm skeptical they'd crush them and then leave the area. What gain is there in that? You don't leave after you conquer the area. You start taking advantage of the conquered area.
I think that's the part people want a citation for. Don't tell people to google it. That's bullshit. If you have any evidence for your claim, you should be able to google it and provide it a lot better than others, since you're the one who knows exactly what he's looking for.
Edit: To save people some time. No, the links he's provided to NOT back up the claim they bailed on towns after bankrupting them. Shocking, I know, when he uses urbandictionary as a source.
Also, they were ninja-edited while I was already typing up my reply to the post, which is why it mentions he still couldn't google it.
Edit2: For those who missed the fun. Basically, the guy claimed that walmart bankrupts towns and then leaves, and when asked for evidence went with "google it" and then lost his shit when I pointed out why that was an unsatisfactory answer. Later he provided awesome sources like urbandictionary (which STILL didn't support his claim), some socialism website, and a couple others. None of which supported his claim. Once that was pointed out to him, he hid his shame.
Edit3: The new links do back up the claim. After 8 hours he managed to find sources to back up his claims, to replace his old urbandictionary and socialismtoday links. Of course 8 hours for the guy who knows what he is looking for is quite quick, thus disproving my claim he should just provide the link himself instead of expecting others to google it... Who wouldn't spend a night hunting down evidence for someone elses claim when they can't provide it themselves...
@_date: 2013-12-03 03:11:33


In all fairness, his links added a lot of credence to my argument. =)
"Google it" might as well translate to "I'm going to send you on a wild goose chase so you don't/can't look at my argument too carefully."
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:00:39
Why does it have to be bitcoins that were stolen? If someone can prove that a computer can be compromised by just being on the net, why does it matter if it was a bitcoin stealing payload at the time?
It's like saying "Psh, sure, they shut off the security at the diamond store, and stole diamonds, but I have that same security and I sell gold. Totally different. Since they haven't stolen gold yet, I don't care."
The attack vector is what matters here, not if someone chose to steal bitcoins with it yet.
@_date: 2013-03-22 20:14:02
You're right, it's not actually fiat.
My point is that it's not really any different than the dollar either. It's only source of value is what people give it. 
None of the things said made the dollar a ponzi scheme. Saying that bitcoin is a digital commodity doesn't really protect it from bankers, as the OP was concerned about for the dollar.
I think we drifted from my original point. The dollar doesn't fit the requirements of a ponzi scheme and (a separate point) bitcoin is not protected from bankers due to its form.