@_author: battlepant5
@_date: 2014-05-12 02:46:11
Why the hell was this guy even elected in the first place ??
"They didn't turn up again until May 2002, when a tip to Interpol led authorities to raid their luxury villa in Marbella, on the Spanish Riviera–an area British tabloids have dubbed the Costa del Crime due to its high population of English-speaking fugitives. Among the items recovered from the residence were guns, machetes, a trove of jewels, and child pornography. Pierce and Shackley were held for about a month by Spanish police and then released."
@_date: 2014-05-12 04:04:12
Does anyone know if this this realistically just boils down to a PR nightmare now, or can he really screw things up royally with the power he has been given ?
@_date: 2014-04-22 19:42:38
My thoughts are that voting needs to happen in voting booths the exact same way it's always been done.  The difference is that the voting machines would submit each valid vote to the block chain (or a block chain).  Each voting machine would have a key that can be tracked.  All of the votes would be easily read by the public.  Instant counts and transparency.  
The voting machine itself would have no idea who is voting.  The people at the polling place are the only ones who validate ID and engage the voting machine to accept a vote.  The two systems would be separate.  Tracking each vote along with the identity of the person seems like a bad idea for numerous reasons.
You could have another chain to validate that you did indeed vote though.  That chain could be handled by the polling staff.  Also to ensure that the votes were not tampered with by the machine the numbers from each polling station could be reconciled between both chains. 
just my thoughts on the issue.
@_date: 2014-05-12 03:31:19
To me that feels like a knee jerk reaction to some poor vetting and a couple generally terrible people who have been involved.  In it's essence, the foundation seems to me like an organization that can greatly benefit bitcoin and the community.  Also it's a necessary "evil", in that it's centralizing a decentralized technology but we need to manage the blockchain somehow.
If were are to propose disbanding the foundation there should be an alternate plan that is a better idea.  If not then it seems we should fix what we've got.  Anyone who is not of the caliber professional to help govern a multi-billion dollar international revolutionary technology with integrity, should be canned forthright.
But really, if anyone has a solid realistic plan for alternative governance of the blockchain i'm sure we would all love to hear it.