@_author: baughberick
@_date: 2017-12-20 10:50:51
Heck yeah! That would be awesome! I'd love to board the boat to not scraping by. Come on down to Eugene, OR, Portland's uglier little brother.
@_date: 2019-03-05 01:17:03
I suppose my mentality was to focus more on compatibility and interactivity in regards to ease of use, rather than on the more human side of ease of use. If, say with LN, Satoshis are in such high use that the majority of exchanges are more easily communicated with an independent Satoshi symbol, then yes I think you're right. In my mind this won't be the case and conversions between Satoshi, μB, mB, cB, and the like will be common, so it would be more useful to denote that interrelation from the get go. But this isn't a dictatable top-down hierarchy, and while we may come to consensus it's more likely that many terms will exist in competition (like the single-stoke, double-stroke, and low-left dash Bitcoin symbols) and be whittled down with time and use.
@_date: 2019-03-05 00:54:17
That's a good point, and I'll admit my title is a bit cunty. I think that the Bitcoin symbol itself has made great progress, and that by adding additional symbols the user end of Bitcoin may be made unnecessarily complicated, and more easily confused with altcoins. It feels more like an internal splitting of resources for shits and giggles, as opposed to doubling down on a concept and a symbol that has achieved very good success. 
@_date: 2018-11-01 22:33:26
Ah, that's a great answer!
So the difficulty of the hashes scales proportionally with the amount of miners. If there is an abundance of miners, this creates more complex functions to solve, meaning more GPU processing power, so more cost of mining for bitcoin return. This also means that the hashes are longer and therefore more secure and harder to hack. On the other side, very few miners would decrease the hash function complexity, allowing less cost for more return. And also, less secure blockchains. The process functions regardless of miner quantity (save none at all), but fewer miners potentially depletes security. And the hope is that the two competing possibilities create a relatively stable middle ground.
@_date: 2019-05-28 20:01:23
Depending on where you are, taking a photo of an unwilling individual outside of a public event and uploading it without their consent is a prosecutable crime.
Plus it's a fucking creepy and idiotic thing to do.