@_author: bawnmawt
@_date: 2015-07-13 18:54:56
contrary to your handle, i suspect you are actually quite young and naive, but i'll ask anyway: what's going to happen in 3 years that makes people (1) understand and (2) believe in BTC enough to drive the widespread consumer adoption that is essential to your speculation?
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:54:43
the average person will be asked to give away fiat, something that they themselves feel confident about WRT to authenticity, quantity, purchasing power, etc, not from having ever formally learned, but intuited, and embrace a system that is admittedly complex even to those who understand it... that's asking a lot. most people i've talked with about BTC are stupefied that anyone else would even trust a cryptocurrency, because they can't understand it easily themselves, so they (reasonably) assume it could have vulnerabilities.
sure, at some point, maybe one person will trust it because their good friend does, and that's good enough for them, but such a "peer based marketing" strategy will take a thousand years; hell, i don't even trust *movie recommendations* from friends most of the time.
i'm a geek, and when i looked into BTC, i snorted at the idea of having to maintain a copy of the (already-gigantic) blockchain locally, yet BTC's trustworthiness is partially predicated on a significant number of independent, honest, users doing just that... if users are discouraged from running full clients, then it comes down to mining pools, and the whole thing still seems pretty sketchy (for example, the "ghash majority" event).
much more important, however, is modern society's dependence on the governmental economic loop where tax money keeps currency flowing; it seems rather unlikely that any current government wants to start accepting taxes in BTC, so there's no loop; in fact, the US gub is starting to increase the burden for BTC exchange. this is why i question your claim of 3 years.


nope. i was a high school nerd 20 years ago, and i was doing email only because i'd heard about it, not because it was difficult; it only took 15 minutes of reading RFCs to figure out how to spoof people, etc. moreover, the transition from snailmail to email can actually be pictured quite easily by non-tech-types, which makes it easier to trust. explaining how bitcoin is "similar" to cash, however? good luck with that -- to establish the same level of trust, you have to answer countless questions, each of which tend to lead to more questions, unless the person is a math genius or crypto expert.
@_date: 2015-07-16 19:33:10


i like the idea of Bitcoin, but since it at one time it didn't exist, and people were just fine without it, how is it "required"? the most prominent thing i've seen in 3+ years of minding it so far is boosters whose understanding of it, based on their writing, is eclipsed by their greed. there are a handful of people who have an advanced understanding, but their contributions to a wider understanding by the public are overwhelmed by all the misinfo from the stupid/lazy boosters (many of whom tell others "spend it to get the system going" while holding it themselves). on top of that, the system is still being figured out, so... asking the public to be guinea pigs? not very appealing.
until BTC is as portable, effortless, and trustworthy as existing cash systems, it'll be difficult to get the masses on-board -- and it still seems like years away from having the kinks ironed out... eventually, people will start to wonder 'if it's so good, why didn't it catch on sooner?'. nasty catch-22 there.