@_author: baxaxaxa
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:08:49
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:48:48
Why, yes!
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:44:04


No, ones relation to the means of production does. the amount of wealth one has has nothing to do with class and this vulgar demagogy about the rich and the poor confuses the real issue.


Well, your definition of capitalism is really not useful for any kind of analysis at all, so I'm not interested. 'Trading things' is not capitalism. I am only interested in the fact that you legitimize real-world capitalism by clinging to fantasy capitalism and propagating this utter lunacy on the internets to impressionable historically illiterate first worlders who are all too eager to betray their own heritage in favour of fellating capital accumulation. You just like markets for some strange, emotional-ideological reason, but markets aren't capitalism. Whether you are a capitalist or not doesn't depend on what you believe, but on whether you live off of the surplus generated by workers by virtue of 'owning' means of production which are safeguarded by state violence. You are most likely a regular prole who has been caught up in this old divine right-bullshit feudal peasants used to be indoctrinated with.


Apologists for oppression don't get to change the definition of capitalism. The world does not function according to principles and idealistic fantasies but according to self-interest (and capitalist apologists should know this) as predicated upon the mode of production. If a capitalist murders a few people you don't get to call 'but that's not capitalism' and be done with it. I am not interested in fantasy capitalism.
Here are some wonderful pictures of capitalist non-coercion and voluntary exchange for you. This is what capitalism really looks like:
This is what 'protecting man's rights' means in capitalism.
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:15:41


~ 21st century sheltered first world ideologue
Perhaps you should tell this to the millions of anarchists, a.k.a. libertarian socialists/communists who have fought and died in the past to make your petty little life as cushiony as it is today, and actually managed to build large-scale societies in the past, not coincidentally the freest societies in history. The reason why your education system is so ideological and has pumped corporate PR and red scare propaganda in your brain since you were a little kid is because the capitalists, the oppressors, and the oligarchs know what threatens their power.
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:07:54
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:17:48
The actual capitalists (those guys the liberals call 'the 1%') do. The real capitalists actually know how capitalism functions. In the modern phase of late capitalism they need to increasingly rely on the state to keep the system from crashing, even. It's called neoliberalism, and it's what real-world capitalism, the historical phase and not the idealist fantasy, really is like. Your education system teaches you that capitalism is the best thing ever because capitalism determines the cultural hegemony.
@_date: 2013-12-30 13:09:30
So you agree that the NAP is a useless fantasy because starving people won't abide by it anyway?
What's a right? Who decides what right is? You? God? Nature? The starving person?
@_date: 2013-12-30 15:55:26
Starving people are not going to abide by the NAP simply because you say they should. It is not going to happen, and you have admitted it yourself. As such the NAP is useless, except if you believe that some people just deserve to die from starvation, in which case you should stay away from politics. The problem is that false consciousness-ridden capitalist apologists have a totally skewed view of what aggression is, which is tailored by the presuppositions they hold that are in turn born out of the social relations and material conditions that make up capitalist society. So-called ethics or morals are things that arise organically out of human consciousness and the material conditions that prevail at any certain time or in any situation. You can't just assert some kind of universal principle and then expect people to abide by it in any condition ever. This is the problem with useless idealism. (and I mean idealism in the philosophical sense) Idealists rely on fantasy and wishful thinking and say people should simply act a certain way and as such they try to cure symptoms by instilling a certain discipline in people, while materialists (Marxists) try to do away with the pathological conditions that beget the symptoms in the first place, so that truly free people can act out of genuine self-interest in a system in which their interests do not fall in discord with the interests of society as a whole. It's quite interesting that it is the ancaps and so-called *libertarians*, the great supporters of capitalism, who seem to not have the slightest clue of what materialism is. It is really as if you have been shielded by your ideological education system from a certain philosophical tradition.


This is where you go wrong in assuming that your "logic" is formed by nature and not by social conditioning in a capitalist framework. Capitalism is not normal and natural so the modes of thought that arise from it aren't either. Your ideas are rational only within the framework of an irrational system. This is what is called bourgeois morality.
@_date: 2013-12-28 21:46:34


You say this as if it matters at all what "libertarians" support. As if people are going to abide by "principles" under lawless capitalism. Amazing.
@_date: 2013-12-31 12:26:39


It would be one fucking brutal organisation of society then. You admit that some people should just starve because some other person has monopolized the means of production under the threat of force, so as I said, just stay out of politics please. If that is your idea of a great society then you're not aiming high enough.
You don't even know what this word means.


Jesus, have you not even considered what I wrote? Why are you so arrogant to think that you know what "human nature" is? Do you agree that society is predicated on its specific underlying material conditions or not? Do you think feudal peasants were telling each other that capitalism would be wonderful? Do you agree that the way the peasants stood in relation to the means of production shaped their entire lives and partly even their consciousness, their way of viewing the world, etc? Could these people tell that "capitalism" would be in tune with nature, capitalism being the same system as feudalism and slavery except the relations of exploitation were laid out a bit differently, but equally arbitrarily? Don't you think most of them thought feudalism was in tune with "nature" because the king had a divine right to rule and the feudal lord had received a mandate from said king? Do you not think some peasants thought that feudalism was a great system because without the lord giving them access to "his" land they would have starved in the woods? Do you realize that people used to think that domination of the white man over the black man was "natural". What does "nature" even mean then? Is it not just a codeword for ideology, ideology being an implicit narrative to justify irrational structures of class domination? What makes modern society so special that it stands out if the only difference between capitalism and slavery/feudalism is that one has a choice in who their master/lord is and a choice over the means of subsistence through being paid a wage? What makes you so special? How can you know what greatness awaits us when this triamvirate of class domination is finally done away with and we enter an era of classlessness? What effect will that have on our worldviews and our lives?
Society is predicated on the mode of production that underlies it, not on "nature".


You don't. You don't even allow self-interest. You keep on touting self-interest but at the same time assert that people should abide by "principles", as if self-interest is only okay if it is the sort you approve of. The moment you instate a principle you instate a rule, which is something that obviously goes contrary to "human nature" or rather human free will. I would argue with my limited capitalist perspective that actually rational self-interested people would prefer *full communism* to capitalism any day, even.


Marxists do not pretend to know "nature", except we realize through study and rational inquiry that human behaviour is shaped by its material conditions, and that this "greed" that is supposedly inherent in *human nature* is simply a product of the class antagonisms born out of the worker-capitalisr relationship. I would argue that "nature" is just a spook anyway and an ideological tool to justify the status quo. In communism greed is irrational because everything you could possibly need is at your disposal anyway. Why would you choose to work for a wage if you could work to gain access to the fruit of the whole society? Now you could say that that is not actually possible, but both you and me know that you don't really know that. Why is capitalism accomodating to greedy people if in socialism working people actually earn more? Should we consider the feelings of slave masters? Marxism is simply about not falling into the trap of vulgar ideological immediacy.


That's because you are too sophomoric to even consider for a moment what I wrote to you. Maybe you should try a Cartesian excercise upon yourself instead of giving in to your ideological presuppositions from the get-go.
@_date: 2013-12-30 12:47:14
Nothing ever came from any *principle* and no principles will ever guide human behaviour. Starving people will never refrain from stealing because of abstract principles. The end.