@_author: bayesianqueer
@_date: 2014-03-10 22:59:07
Shut up, Mark.
@_date: 2014-02-20 15:57:28
STFU, Mark.
@_date: 2014-11-17 17:27:11
If they gave decent returns when the bank does well I would have no problem with this. However as it sounds when the bank takes my money and invests it and makes money they keep the money (because lets be honest, they don't pay shit for interest on most deposits), but then when they make bad investments my money is gone.
Fuck that.
I have a decent amount of btc in cold storage, but I may need to diversify my retirement account, because I definitely go over the FDIC limit.
@_date: 2014-07-18 05:12:53
Thank you.
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:48:11
No one expects the ~~Spanish Inquisition~~ BBB!
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:28:36
tl;dr: Karpelès has [borderline personality disorder](
tl;dr: drama queen
@_date: 2014-07-12 06:32:04
This more than any post I have seen in a long time makes me believe I made the right choice investing in btc. I don't say this in jest either. Look at the early internet and how porn pushed the envelope in terms of video and images.
@_date: 2014-11-28 00:37:11
For the absolute value of BTC now, yes. However this is more important in that it illustrates the power of a deflationary currency. Give it 10 years and runs like this will be orders of magnitude higher. 
@_date: 2015-04-09 06:34:34


And if the patient wants antibiotics for a cold? Or wants me to be a vicodin vending machine. Or wants a CT scan that they don't really need?
@_date: 2015-04-09 06:32:55


There are a lot of people who really want the doctor to simply go along with the conclusion they have already made. For example you come in with a BP of 160/100. We have talked about trying to treat this with diet and exercise because you don't want to be a "pill taker". However you've failed a trial of that and I tell you it's time to take BP medicines. You are then mad at me because I have told you what you didn't want to hear.
Or a patient comes in with an obvious viral illness that doesn't need antibiotics. I tell them it's just a virus and why it's important to not treat viruses with antibiotics. However they don't believe me and think the only thing that will make them better is antibiotics.
I could go on and on.
@_date: 2015-04-09 06:42:57
If you really want to do this, you can't use the assessment of quality from users. You need to have an assessment of quality from other health care providers. Though you could still do this.
Doctor A provides advice for Patient 1 who pays a certain amount of money. Dr B assessed this advice and gives it a rating. This is shared with both Dr A and patient 1 (thus giving the patient an idea of whether or not he got good advice). Dr A gets 80% of the payment from Patient 1 and Dr B gets 20% for the assessment. Then this assessment is used to rank physicians. You could also have the patient assessment too, but that's not going to tell you if the medicine was right but rather whether or not it was a nice interaction.
@_date: 2015-03-29 17:49:40


Newsflash: all medicines have side effects. This includes Tylenol, NSAIDs (which you rightly imply can cause ulcers and renal damage at higher doses for long duration use), and marijuana. The real question though is are the benefits greater than the risk for an individual patient.
I'm not a 'pot doctor' in the sense that I don't see patients exclusively to provide MMJ papers for the *low special introductory price* of $39.99. However I have written a number of MMJ recs for people who are already my primary care patients. When I do write recs though, I treat this similarly to writing an rx for any drug. Because if you think MMJ is safer than NSAIDs and opioids because it's 'natural', you are full of shit. Smallpox and syphilis are also 'natural'.


Uh, you must not be from the US. But please tell me in what magical place you live where there is no malpractice? How easy is it to immigrate there? Do they accept American degrees and post-graduate training? Are there bears?
@_date: 2015-03-30 23:35:02


[Seems you would be wrong]( However more frequently, doctors have their DEA certificate limited or revoked. This makes them able to prescribe medicines, but not controlled medicines.
With regard to the New Yorker article, it's full of logical fallacies like this gem: "Studies have shown that patients who receive narcotics for chronic pain are less likely to recover function, and are less likely to go back to work." By the same token people who are treated with diabetes medicines are more likely to have heart attacks, strokes, and kidney failure. This is because diabetes makes you more likely to have those things, not because of the medicines used to treat it. Similarly, patients that are more severely injured in an accident are both less likely to return to work and more likely to need narcotic analgesics. Correlation doesn't prove causation. 


And this is also in part because the rest of the world uses *cheaper* narcotic analgesics like morphine, codeine, and methadone. However it is the case that *western* countries use way more than their fare share of opioids than the developing world. However this is because of legal and bureaucratic restrictions in developing nations, which is a global crisis whereby [millions of cancer patients in the developing world]( die in agony because of the unavailability of opioid analgesics.
Now, I am not saying that we don't have a problem with prescription narcotics in the US. We do. However the solution to that is changes in drug policy that take away the non-rx demand for opioid analgesics by funding non-punitive drug treatment, methadone and suboxone programs, etc. The US' problem with prescription drugs is more to do with the fucked up way that America deals with all drugs.
@_date: 2015-03-31 20:32:18


What a completely non-falsifiable statement. You appear to be a master of logical fallacies.


Again with the moving the goalposts.


You're starting to approach a Gish Gallop here.


No you didn't. You made a reply and by crossing it out, you expect me not to reply. Well, you're an idiot. You still haven't made a cogent argument for your wild assertions or provided any good evidence to support them either.
But let's be honest. This is mostly about you not being able to access the drugs you'd like, right? The only people who seem to know about PDMP are either professionals or people who have a vested interest in wanting others to not know their history. Too poor to see a pill mill doc and can't get what you want out of your doc - even if that is a genuine need for pain control. So you use anger (and pot) as a means of dealing with your frustration.
@_date: 2015-03-31 16:53:02


No I'm not. "Most doctors" don't run pill mills. So when you say "most doctors" you are speaking about *most of a tiny fraction* of physicians (those who run pill mills). The DEA monitors every physician's dispensing history constantly. Pill mill docs histories light up like a fucking Christmas tree an the DEA comes down on them.


Logical fallacy - specifically [moving the goalposts]( You previously said "where as I explain how doctors were having strip mall offices called pain centers". So we aren't talking about shitty doctors. We are talking about pill mill docs. Are there some in the US presently? Yep. Will they be flagged by the DEA and shut down? Also yep.


Again, we're talking about pill mill docs. And the answer to that question is no. It's like asking if we let drunk drivers drive cars longer than they should. To be arrested for DUI, you have to 1) get drunk, 2) drive a car, and 3) get caught doing so. Similarly, pill mill docs have to 1) start prescribing in a fashion that shows them to be a pill mill doc, 2) be flagged by the DEA, and 3) be caught in a sting operation (generally the DEA sends people in as faux patients).
The problem is that the difference between a pain management doc and a pill mill doc is one of gradations. No one starts out thinking *when I finish school, I want to be a pill mill doc!*. Just as no one takes their first drink of alcohol wanting to become an alcoholic. People get into that situation because they are legitimate pain docs who get too tempted by the prospect of making money hand over fist by churning out narcotic rxs like a candy machine. Moreover distinguishing between a legitimate pain management doc and a pill mill doc is also one of gradations. Legit pain management docs also give a lot of opioids out. However the way they do so is a lot more controlled and it is *one part* of an otherwise full pain management arsenal. So just looking at how much oxycodone a physician prescribes isn't adequate, which is why the DEA does sting operations. I have a friend who is a pain management doc who was investigated by the DEA precisely because of the volume of opioids she prescribes, but when she was visited by DEA agents posing as patients, they realized that she was above board. Moreover those kind of things never come up in the news: *DEA stings local pain clinic: finds nothing amiss, film at 11.* 
So given the complexities of the system the DEA does a decent job of keeping pill mill docs from prescribing narcotics as quickly as possible. This isn't Minority Report and we can't arrest people for pre-crime.