@_author: bc289
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:28:53
To be honest, the truth being somewhere in the middle is a bromide that glosses over some of the key points that this poster just made. 
I agree that cryptocurrency has some interesting components to it. But if something ever does mature out of this and is successful, it will need to be so different that it essentially would not be bitcoin, and maybe you wouldn't call it cryptocurrency either. They have some major flaws (which the poster highlighted) - chief of which being that they are decentralized, in my opinion - which makes it difficult to keep the value stable and make the currency an effective medium of exchange
@_date: 2017-09-08 14:16:37
I'm not talking about just economic policies as a whole. I'm talking specifically about the impacts of inflation vs. deflation. We have reached this consensus of "low, stable inflation is best" after multiple decades of research and empirical data, including Bernanke's papers on the Great Depression. It is more clear cut than most of the people here are making it out to be, maybe partly because many of the people here don't have an economics background. There is nuanced debate about when to raise and lower interest rates, and what inflation rate (2%, 3%, etc) to target. But there is agreement that low inflation is ideal and that deflation creates many issues.
In fact, this whole thread has even shown up on @_date: 2017-09-08 13:28:29
It seems like every couple years we have this debate in some format because people don't really understand inflation/deflation, and there's a ton of conspiracy theories floating around on this. It came up awhile ago with Zeitgeist, a couple years ago with Ron Paul, and it's coming up again with Bitcoin. 
This is a fairly well understood concept by economists and there is fairly widespread consensus on this topic. Ben Bernanke, the former fed chairman, wrote many papers on how deflation and the lack of strong monetary policy (because it was gold-backed currency back then) caused a lot of economic instability, namely the Great Depression
@_date: 2017-09-09 05:17:38
You just responded for me. Economic stagnation has led to social issues, which has contributed to the population decline. And a declining population creates further economic issues.
Economics ultimately largely deals with quality of life. That's why you yourself in your earlier comment raised things such as healthcare and education. 
@_date: 2017-09-10 05:14:52
I'm aware that population birth rates moderate and even begin to decline in rich societies. But the problem with Japan is much more severe than that, and it has been discussed widely. There is more to it than just a simple trend that happens among all rich nations. Much of it has been attributed to the fact that there is an entire generation of men who have been unable to hold a steady, long-term job. This is a situation where you have to look at more than just the numbers, although even the numbers would suggest that there is more at play here than a simple trend that all wealthy nations go through.
As it relates to deflation, maybe you'd be better served reading and debating the economists then on this topic. There is widespread agreement on this topic, and it's heavily researched, as you can tell just from how this question was phrased:
It really is a widespread consensus and a quick google would show you that. Or, you can pick up an economics textbook
@_date: 2017-09-08 13:21:18
What? The Japanese economy is really not doing well right now, nor has it been for the last several decades, and this has created all sorts of social issues. Many of the men are virgins at 30. Birth rate is on the decline. Depression is high. Economic growth has been anemic. And having no trade deficit is not in itself a strength, necessarily
