@_author: bctich
@_date: 2018-01-11 04:32:01
That'd be highly unlikely with most crypto's and an especially hard case for Bitcoin. Also, 1035 swaps generally have quite a bit of IRS oversight since they can be used for tax avoidance strategies.
1035 exemptions specifically relate to like kind exchanges of property which is 'being held for productive use in a trade or business or for investment'.
It also **specifically** excludes stock or property held primarily for sale (which is where crypto would likely fail), stocks, bonds or notes, other securities or evidence of indebtedness or interest.
Based on the IRS's view of crypto to date (that it's closer to a financial asset than for utility) this is an uphill battle. 
Remember, you need to convince them, not the other way around. And the existing structure is more favorable to them than a revision that would otherwise reduce taxes. 
@_date: 2018-01-11 16:00:26
It's not a clear cut definition but tests typically include length of time and intent re: what you're trying to achieve with the asset.
Effectively, you need to prove that your plan for the investment is for long term value realization produced by the investment itself or capital appreciation. 
Verizon acquiring cell phone towers would be a good example of a long-term investment. They plan to use the asset for 10-30 years and the asset itself will generate earnings. Generally, the exemptions are designed for real estate (more on that below). 
Something like crypto though which uses FIFO accounting, is highly liquid, doesn't produce earnings of cash flows on a standalone basis, etc. would be very hard to justify. You'd basically need to make the case that you have no plans to do like-kind exchanges or to use the currency for a very long period.
You can try to make this argument, but just expect the IRS to be HIGHLY skeptical as there are numerous reasons to fail the test and the burden of proof is in the taxpayer to justify why it shouldn't fail.
Btw, this becomes a moot point next year as with 100% certainty crypto-to-crypto won't qualify under like-kind exchanges. The tax reform bill which will begin in tax year 2018 (ie the tax forms you'll file in Q1 2019) removes 1035 like-kind echnages and limits 1031 exchanges to real estate assets *only*
@_date: 2018-01-11 03:52:05
It's literally no different than any other asset swap. This isnt some 'new' tax feature. That's the precedent that's been used for a very long time for all other industries. I can guarantee you that the stock market structure would be vastly different and huge intermediaries and business would emerge if you could you could avoid/mitigate taxable events in stock sales by swapping them into other stocks. 
Just because it's easy to do right now in crypto doesn't mean it's somehow special. It's getting the same treatment everything else does (and for good reason). 
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:03:01
This is what bothers me so much. It's a big step back from the system we have which has had the advantage of lots of smart people working on it for decades to make it as efficient as possible
Processing a credit card transaction requires fractions of the computing power of processing one on the blockchain.
How many people on these forums use cash for 100% of their transactions? Do they take their paper check pay stub to the bank every week and get cash anf then put it under their mattress? 
Right now people can hold a watch up to a terminal and have the transaction processed in fractions of a second with no direct cost to the consumer while also having the security that if someone steals their bank account info or credit card they can get the transactions reversed. Bitcoin doesn't have a single one of these features. So how it is better and how will it disrupt the payment system!?
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:22:23
How is Bitcoin a profitless system? It uses a ton of electricity which is a real world cost. And why pay money for CPUs, mining equipment, etc if don't make a profit. Pretty sure people aren't setting up warehouses to mine with the expectation of making no profit...
@_date: 2017-12-31 03:10:26
Doesn't mean you still don't owe the payments. Also, they can just foreclose and recover value in the sold house - down payments protect the bank, not the borrower. 
Also, IIRC I don't think mortgage debt is dischargeable in Australia in the same way it is in the US, think they can garner wages. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 03:00:01
If you're a US citizen you're required to declare foreign accounts. They can issue similar seizures to the extent they wanted. 
For example, there's actually a decent bit of precedent of the foreign banks cooperating with US authorities by freezing bank accounts of UHNW US citizens who were using overseas accounts to avoid taxes. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 02:55:02
A mortgage is a loan obligation from the borrower to the bank. What would freezing your account have to with the fact you still owe them money? The mortgage is theirs, not yours -- it's a one way obligation you don't have control over. I guess you could threaten to refi but people do that all the time...
@_date: 2017-12-11 23:14:19
If Bitcoin replaces USD, it inherently challenges the sovereignty of the US. 
So the moment it acheives the very goal many are hoping for, it would inherently be made illegal because of the ramifications that has to sovereignty. Quite the paradox
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:50:17
How can transactions be cheaper in BTC than today when, inherently, it requires materially more energy to process a transaction (Visa's data centers, corporate, etc today use a fraction of the energy used by miners)?
So that part of youe thesis goes against basic economics.
The inflation proof argument is a whole different issue, but generally the idea is people don't use currencies that are deflationary and hoarde instead (ie there are disincentives to use it for it's utility purpose which inherently makes it a bad currency)
@_date: 2017-12-31 03:24:20
Fair, but if you're planning to 'get rich' off crypto then one would hope that it's worth more than $10k
Edit: that $10k is also 'in aggregate' not per account. So you can't spread $100k into $9,999 per foreign account and avoid decalring the accounts. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:36:53
But investors who backed the miners then are any different? They expect profits based on the cost of rigs, electricity, human capital, etc. above what they putnin. 
And the reality is that the vast majority of mining isn't being done by mom and pops.
You think 1,000 people owning &gt;40% of BTC is somehow different than the thousands of banks and processing companies that participate in the current payment system (and by the way expect lower returns because it's much less risky)?  
@_date: 2017-12-11 23:31:11
Deflationary currencies are detrimental in ways far beyond just the ability to use monetary policy tools. 
The big aspect is that there's a disincentive to use the currency when it's deflationary.  This slows the velocity and money and usefulness of it as it's more beneficial to "hoarde" it and use it tomorrow than it is to use it today.  As this disseminates through a system, more and more people hold and the value of the currency, as a medium of exchange, inherently falls in value.
This seems to be what's happening in BTC. Fixed number of coins, people holding because they believe it will be worth more tomorrow than today, so why actually use it as a currency...?
@_date: 2014-03-26 01:22:09
But you're not required to keep track of the value of that dollar relative to say the EUR. 
Let's say you go to the corner store tomorrow, you're not thinking, OK I bought this dollar on the 18th and the EUR was 1.3 and today it's 1.2 so I need to pay 40% of .1 gain so .04 in additional taxes. 
It's really not the same thing at all.
@_date: 2017-09-20 02:14:22
The price at any point in time is based on the willingness of a marginal buyer. Supply demand impact the price that marginal buyer will pay but the physical scarcity of the asset has no impact on price. To the extent marginal buyers rapidly reduce, unless the underlying asset cash flows or is considered a store value (for various reasons) you'd expect the price to decline.
For example, stock prices decline when someone wants to sell but there aren't marginal buyers at a price so the price needs to be lowered until you reach a clearing price. In that case then number of share is fixed so it's a similar argument (ie the scarcity value is considered constant). 
@_date: 2013-03-29 14:04:26
This ignores the relatively new impact of Basel accord regulation on the banking sector and the impact it has had on reserves. Unless the study is from the last year, or two, max, it ignores a massively important component of Basel regulation, the liquidity requirement which has only recently been updated.
The arbitrary weight assignments and low interest rate environment made it significantly more economical for banks to purchase Treasuries than to issue loans. Banks are intelligent market participants. Why issue loans (which bear risk), require significant amounts of Tier 1 capital, and only have a marginal spread over Treasuries.
The revised regulation allows for products such as AAA Corps to be considered in the liquidity reserve requirement and should make it more economical for banks to lend.
Another example you might see of this over the next couple years is the FDIC unsecured deposit adjustment. Regulation from last year effectively allows banks to get 40-120bps of savings per $ of unsecured debt they issue (depending on their current balance sheet structure and use of proceeds). As investors seek yield, unsecured debt rates have fallen significantly. So if unsecured debt trades at T+50, and I can save 100bps due to the regulation, then my funding cost would be T-50. At that point if I just invest in T-Bills I get a  risk free 50bps spread at the expense of the government. Lots of people spend lots of time looking at this stuff and can figure out how to optimize there capital structure while still complying with regulation. It's not a loophole, just intelligent people recognizing arbitrage. 
Tldr: regulation often has in intended consequences. Banks are intelligent market participants who seek to maximize returns. 