@_author: bdredditor
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:46:42
DISCLAIMER: I came over from the Ripple sub to satisfy my curiosity about the current mood in the BTC sub.
BTC relies on miners making a profit in return for validating transactions. As the end of mining draws closer, there will be less incentive to purchase better mining hardware since it will be rendered useless when the cap is hit. These items will cripple the network, but I believe it's in the neighborhood of a century before all of the 21 million have been mined.
Bigger concerns are all of this fork nonsense, transaction speed, and fees. (1) People don't understand that most forks are actually just meant to be software upgrades that don't result in duplication of value, so we have an ignorance fueled mania. (2&amp;3) BTC was a cool experiment with Proof of Work to establish trust, but it's a failed currency. PoW requires a lot of time and electricity, making transactions very slow and expensive. BTC may survive as a store of value, but it's ridiculous to think it won't be superseded by something better for digital currency. Proof of Stake provides a better model, and Ripple's consensus model is orders of magnitude better. My last XRP transaction took around five seconds and cost me .0019 USD.
TL;DR; BTC's problem isn't what happens when 21 million has been hit. The problem is that better technologies exist and a failed governance model is hindering progress.
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:21:01
If SegWit2x is actually adopted, it should reduce fees in times of high transaction volume. If the cost for a miner to validate a block is $100 (fake number for easy math), and 100 transactions need verified in that block, then everyone pays at least $1 ($100/100). The "2X" upgrade increases the block size so that more transactions are handled at once. Instead of 100 transactions, let's say it goes to 200 in a block, then the fee required to make mining viable would be $0.50 ($100/200).
The problem with equating SegWit2X with a halving of transaction fees is that not every block gets filled with transactions. If only 50 transactions are requested, then the fee must be $2 ($100/50), regardless of how many transactions the protocol can theoretically handle.
If transactions are priorities by the offered bounty (fee), then a transaction with a low bounty will only be included in a block that's not already full. Offering a high bounty ensures that your transaction gets in a block in times of high transaction volume.
I'm visiting from  so I'll make a shameless plug. My last XRP transaction took around 5 seconds and cost me 0.0019 USD. I'm not saying BTC will necessarily be replaced by XRP, but *something* has to be done to shrink that gap. Perhaps it'll be Ethereum with Proof of Stake, or Litecoin, or something else not invented yet.