@_author: bdunderscore
@_date: 2017-12-10 07:08:12
The fascinating thing about bitcoin is that its intrinsic value is based on its utility as a means of exchange, but its volatility ruins its utility as a means of exchange (which needs a relatively stable value). So when the price spikes wildly up, that's great for folks that hold it (and sell in time...) but actually destroys the intrinsic value. What are people buying, if not a bubble?
@_date: 2014-01-04 23:03:53
Closer to $35 million actually (at 2011/2012 tax brackets)
@_date: 2014-01-04 22:54:46
Progressive taxation is a technical term that means that the tax rate increases as the taxable amount increases; it puts a greater burden on the rich than the poor. Regressive taxation is a technical term that means that the tax rate decreases as the taxable amount increases; it puts a greater burden on the poor than the rich. Objectively, US income taxation increases as the taxable amount increases, and therefore it is a progressive tax.
The existence of loopholes and tax shelters, while an important topic, is irrelevant to the question of whether a tax is regressive or progressive. Please don't confuse the already very confusing and heated political argument about taxation by using well-known and well-defined technical terms in incorrect (and subjective!) ways. All it does is muddy the argument and prove you have not done very much research on the topic. If you want to say the US tax system is bad, just call it bad (or oppressive?), instead of hijacking 'regressive' for your use.
@_date: 2016-06-30 05:06:43
Generally speaking yes, but note that ETFs containing equities do not contain "a specified commodity" (because equities are not commodities) and therefore would not be "Commodity-Based Trust Shares".
@_date: 2016-06-30 07:08:17
Yes, that's how all ETFs work - the price on the exchange of ETF shares and the price of the underlying assets (the real-time NAV of the fund) are kept in sync by arbitrage activity between the underlying assets and creation/redemption baskets.
@_date: 2016-06-30 07:15:57
With actual bitcoin, you will not be subject to ETF fees, or losses due to differences between transaction price and the NAV, including losses or gains due to the spread. You will also not be subject to risks that the ETF trustee might lose the bitcoin assets. ETF fee transactions may be a taxable event for you if COIN is held in a taxable account. See the prospectus for all kinds of other risks (most of them being just CYA of course).
However, if you hold actual bitcoin, you will be exposed to the risk that _you_ might lose your bitcoin assets, and that you'll probably get a worse deal on the actual bitcoin trades since your lots will be much smaller. You run an arguably higher risk of being flagged for investigation and having your funds frozen as a result. Filing your taxes will be more difficult as you'll need to keep careful track of lots and transactions yourself, and reconcile with any 1099-Bs your bitcoin exchanges or brokers may or may not issue for you. You'll lose out on any potential _gains_ due to NAV/share price differences and the spread. You will not be able to (easily) hold raw bitcoins in a retirement account. You would not be able to use bitcoins as margin collateral (except perhaps in a bitcoin-only exchange or brokerage).
Further down the line, it's possible that standardized options may be made available for COIN. This would provide an opportunity to perform speculative or hedging options trades on bitcoins with less exposure to counterparty risk, as fulfillment of the options would be guaranteed by the OTC rather than a private bitcoin options exchange.
@_date: 2016-06-30 05:08:33
Normally with ETFs you don't need to transact in basket units - small time traders deal with much smaller increments, and whenever the price starts to drift too much from the underlying, some HFT firm goes and arbitrage trades a basket or two to put them back into sync. The HFT firm gets to take a small profit (which adds up when they do this thousands of times a day) for essentially helping to aggregate all those tiny transactions into bigger units.
@_date: 2016-05-14 17:15:49
In the US you can get a debit card to kids under 18 as long as a parent is a joint account holder.
@_date: 2015-03-08 08:01:21
For being a decentralized exchange[1], as far as I can tell, this doesn't solve the decentralized part (how do you get a consistent order book? how do you prevent spam, denial of service, Sybil attacks, etc? who/what does matching? what happens if one side reneges?) _or_ the exchange part (how do we settle the USD side of things?). It says the exchange is a distributed ledger but doesn't even begin to address the throughput issues that you would see when you have to execute trade cancellations on this ledger as well. In fact, the only concrete thing it says is to tell me to give bitcoin to someone who claims to have USD (since there's no tieback to an actual bank or other store of USD, I could just say I have a billion dollars...) and hope they give it back later on.
Things like this can't start from the UX infographic. When there is serious money involved you have to assume everyone will try to cheat - bitcoin solved that for low-transaction-volume money transfers, but you can't just copy and paste the solution onto everything else. This is the sort of thing where you start with the threat model and write a paper on your proposed distributed consensus algorithm. Five years later when you have it working you can make the UX infographic.
[1] - There is no such thing as a "price discovery platform" that does not involve an exchange. Why would anyone divulge their intended purchase price without the promise of a potential trade execution? And what would stop people from lying without the risk of an unintended execution?
@_date: 2015-03-08 07:50:33
Since there doesn't seem to be any sort of mechanism for settling the USD side of things, you keep both the dollar and the bitcoins, apparently.
@_date: 2015-02-13 09:52:43
Your databases aren't running multiple versions of your schema on thousands of computers you don't control all accessing the same data.