@_author: bealist
@_date: 2018-09-15 13:07:36
That’s kind of interesting. 
A tax is a way for citizens to share in the generation of wealth that utilizes publicly owned infrastructure that’s not compensated for in any other way. 
There’s a cost to converting wealth to the State’s regular currency - farmers can no longer give the state corn, or cattle, or burgers when paying their taxes. They have to convert those to currency and in the process of conversion value is lost, and the managers of the currency get a hidden gain. (Crypto is a perfect illustration of this problem)
If the cost and labor of the mining was undertaken by the state’s resident taxable crypto owners, the state could have a share while also reaping the rewards of being vested in the currency, and not losing he benefit of crypto as a store of value in its original form, rather than being converted to cash once when the tax is paid, and then back again if crypto is chosen as the state’s investment vehicle. 
If the system was operated as a state owned bank (ala Ellen Brown’s public banking system) it would be seen as trustable and safe, and it could generate revenue for public projects - and also serve as a translator/broker for other crypto-based transactions affecting citizens of its state. 
It’s relevant for US states because our Constitution allows for public state-owned banks. They used to be common. North Dakota has one and other states are looking into it. 
@_date: 2018-03-31 12:06:04
How do you get the address to register without underscores between the words? That doesn’t work for me.  
@_date: 2018-03-31 23:16:45
✌️autocorrect doesn’t 
@_date: 2017-10-09 00:18:29
Exactly. It seems that conversations like this might even help him see that. 
@_date: 2017-10-08 14:34:38
I think giving him some Bitcoin is a great idea. And then I’d invite him for coffee where you can have WiFi and tell him you took his class specifically to look critically at both BTC and the market as a whole as investments, and then proceed to ask him every bitcoin-market-startup related question you can think of. Take a list of questions, visit his favorite websites and write his answers down. 
Tell him you know that he was prejudiced against it at first, and that’s precisely the opportunity you’re exploring - how to take advantage of others’ resistance to something new that may actually be either 1) a really good investment or 2) a really good short term players’ gamble. 
Of course you don’t want to get stuck with tulips. But that doesn’t mean you don’t want to play them. 
As more people see returns like he just did, opportunities are going to continue to increase. Because so few people know about it, even if it IS a Ponzi scheme - and there’s no evidence yet that  it’s any weaker a product than mortgage derivatives - there will be transfer-of-wealth events that a savvy investor can take advantage of. 
Some people use the market to preserve their existing wealth. Others use it to grow their wealth, and they do it at varying risks and rates. 
I think there’s more fun for you to have here, and a lot more to learn in the process. Thanks for sharing. 
