@_author: bear_raider
@_date: 2017-11-12 05:35:19
Bitcoin is being attacked.  The level of misunderstanding here is insane.  If transactions come to a halt and price dives then bitcoin cash will be the only chain that miners stick with.  I’m sorry but it’s the reality.  The only hope for bitcoin is that this difficulty adjustment for bitcoin cash coming within the day encourages mining support back to bitcoin.  Otherwise, bitcoin is done.
@_date: 2017-11-12 07:47:35
Yes, but there would then be a feedback loop where now everyone knows bitcoin is in trouble and transactions keep piling.  A spiral feedback loop will occur and markets will sense the inherent weakness.  If your savings are in bitcoin and you need this money you need to move them out.  If you want to gamble on a developer or behind the scenes colluded save that’s fine, but it’s clear from BCH price action that the market is being manipulated. It is very likely that a group of smart traders cornered the BCH market just as silver market was cornered in the 80s.  I’m out of bitcoin and never will be back.
@_date: 2017-11-21 15:23:10
What’s more likely? People that run tether hear about people finding out they are creating tether from thin air and so they make it look like someone hacked them to take them out of circulation.  Or someone truly hacked them.
@_date: 2018-02-02 11:41:26
Get your community together and stop panicking.  It’s honestly ridiculous.  Entire market cap of crypto is at levels it could be be bought out by Apple and Amazon right now.  
@_date: 2018-03-11 15:59:37
Upvoted before I even watched.
@_date: 2017-10-09 01:13:25
I disagree with OP. With each fork comes a new coin with a huge new influx of capital that is jointly mined by the interested parties who ultimately want control and more money.  This is uncharted territory and confirmation bias based on the very limited existential data on bitcoin cash price playout is dangerous. With each split bringing a lot more money and potential profitability to these entities there becomes incentive for these vested parties to attack chains and collude.  This is all a huge problem for the viability of bitcoin in the long run from a theoretical point of view. 
@_date: 2018-03-15 03:42:41
People need to realize it's whales selling downticks at a small loss on exchanges while accumulating more bitcoins on bitmex via leverage.
@_date: 2017-10-18 14:16:16
I think the corporate hardforking of bitcoin has potential non zero possibility to eventually destroy it.  The reality is bitcoin has first mover advantage and it's the one that even the real estate agent at the local bar you're at knows, but it's actually one of the worst relative cryptocurrencies out there.  For example, Litecoin, NEM, Ethereum, and NEO are all much faster, and the first adapts more quickly and has no takeover attempts, and the latter 3 serve as additional utility of value as frameworks rather than just a currency.  Given that most pairs trade BTC/alt, BTC will and continue to have value simply because of its first mover advantage and widely accepted pairing system.  There is potential to drift though in the future as new exchanges will not want to deal with Bitcoin hardforks and as ICOs issued on NEM, Ethereum, and NEO will make for more practical pairing options (for example RPX/NEO trading pair, NEM/COMSA training pair).
The reality is that this hardfork stuff is a 51 percent attack, just not as originally described as in Satoshi's paper.  While 51 percent of hashing power of bitcoin core might not be obtained, there is a nonzero possibility of gaining 51 percent of all other forked chains and using mining and spamming power to crush the original chain.  If all the same miners are mining the same chains, then it's the same concept.  