@_author: beardanalyst
@_date: 2014-07-14 12:39:41
The provider "safe harbor" that most people think of for websites is the section 230 cda safe harbor. But that is not a blank check to turn a blind eye to criminal activity.  You don't get to hide behind any kind of service provider safe harbor if you know about illegal activity and do nothing to stop it. You don't need actual knowledge either, prosecutors only need to prove that a reasonable person would have known if they were in your position. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 11:55:59
The only thing about this case that implicates Bitcoin is the money-laundering argument and it was a no-starter to begin with.
I just finished reading the court's ruling and they are not saying that bitcoin = money, they are saying Bitcoin acts as a *medium of exchange*. You don't need to be doing illegal stuff with cash to be guilty of money laundering, all you need to be doing is dealing with the *proceeds* of a criminal enterprise. 
Besides, the court is charging him with conspiracy to commit money laundering which is much easier to prove than actual money laundering.
The legal implications of this case have very little to do with bitcoin and a lot to do with "What happens if you get caught running a website where a lot of illegal shit was going on?"
@_date: 2014-01-17 07:10:55
Why is this "high pent up demand" not reflected in the market price? Are institutions somehow not able to source coins like everyone else? Does bitcoin not follow the same rules of supply and demand as every other asset class in the world?
@_date: 2014-01-28 09:58:34
Doesn't look good indeed - since Shrem also served as BitInstant's Chief Compliance Officer in charge of their anti-money laundering efforts.
If people want to take BitCoin seriously as a payment processor, then they should be prepared to have the intermediaries in the system be treated like financial institutions - with all the regulatory overhead that entails. Which means that BitCoin users will effectively lose both their anonymity and their freedom from governmental oversight.
@_date: 2014-01-17 03:13:25
No matter how and where they sell them, 85 million worth of bitcoins hitting the market at once will have a (fairly easy to calculate) corresponding negative effect on the price of bitcoins, depending on the average volume traded and the market cap.
Any halfway decent junior investment banker could calculate out the price impact (given they could find accurate data for the inputs since there is no central exchange).  Happens every day when some large shareholder wants to unload a big block of securities.
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:54:54
It doesn't matter if they sell it through an exchange or not. These transactions occur every day in investment banking. When a large shareholder wants to unload a block,  they contract out to investment bankers who find institutional investors to buy it. They don't unload at an exchange.  However,  the listed share price always takes a hit because obviously you have to sell the block at a discount and any significant volume sale will have an impact on the overall market price. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:56:15
Well, capital flight is a massive concern for the Chinese government and they have super strict currency controls, so yes,  they have every reason to fear bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-01-17 03:08:41
The doctrine of unclean hands.  If someone were to come and sue the government for the coins back, the government can just say "they were found on a site that was primarily used for illicit activity, therefore you must have been planning to engage in illicit activity." 
I've never looked on Silkroad myself, so all I know is from the news sources, but I don't know what % of activity on the site was "legal". In any case, it'd be tough to prove... and the legal fees involved with fighting the US federal government may not be worth it. 
Basically, Legal Fees &gt; Recoverable amount * chance of recovery.
@_date: 2014-04-20 07:30:00
Where do you work/bank where you can't do phone deposits?  I've deposited a single $15,000 check on my phone and my monthly phone check deposit limit is $25,000.
What kind of place pays you over $25,000 a month and refuses to do direct deposit? 
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:23:16
Caixin isn't some fly by night shady news source. They are well regarded for financial news.  If they have seen a document saying the PBOC is closing down bitcoin exchanges, I'd believe it.
@_date: 2014-01-17 07:38:40
This isn't true at all. Financial regulation is restrictive, not permissive. That is,  we are allowed to do whatever we want unless someone says we can't. Not the other way around. No one has said bitcoins are not allowed. In fact, secondmarket - a regulated financial institution under FINRA, already has its own bitcoin trust that it sells to accredited investors.
@_date: 2013-12-30 08:21:01
Government-backed fiat money does not have declared value, it is declared *legal tender*. A small but non-trivial distinction.
Basically, fiat money is anything - doesn't need to be a government, but historically it has been an authority figure, that someone has declared has value aside from it's intrinsic worth.
Bitcoin has no intrinsic worth. However, because of the magic of the blockchain, it doesn't need a central authority to declare that it is "legal tender", this lives in the cloud.  However, bitcoin's intrinsic value is zero. Even less than traditional paper currency because at least paper currency is worth literally "the paper it's printed on". Bitcoin intrinsically has no value - everything is derived from faith - fiat.
@_date: 2013-12-30 07:43:09
Exactly.  I think that's the problem a lot of economists have with bitcoin - it's terrible as a "currency" but it's perfectly acceptable as a payment processor. 
However, the media focuses on bitcoin as a currency - which of course draws out all of the "trolls" (as OP calls them).  I think you describe Krugman and other serious-economists-against-bitcoin much better as the people who come out and argue against the ultra-libertarians whom hate government-backed fiat currency (note, bitcoin itself is fiat) and think bitcoin has a chance as a world currency, which it doesn't.
Some aspects of it work very well - as a payment processor for example.  However, as "money" (for the issuance of debt, payment of wages, setting of prices), it's awful, for all the deflationary reasons stated above and elsewhere.