@_author: beasleyd2
@_date: 2014-03-18 04:00:08
Whatever the intention behind a new person getting into Doge is superfluous to me. The community already has these lurkers and speculators but the philosophy of doge always shines brighter.
I have invested quite a bit into doge both in time and money. I believe there can be a ROI while helping the world in the process. As does the community. I can't see a better win win for me, honestly: to make an investment by helping others and spreading kindness.
@_date: 2014-05-15 19:51:47
YOU deserve some doge. 
+300 doge
@_date: 2014-03-18 04:34:39
I appreciate it! Send me a PM if you ever want to debate crypto together!
@_date: 2014-04-01 18:48:46
well played
+100 doge verify
@_date: 2014-03-18 02:01:39
No problem, I hope the two communities can help to compliment each other in the future rather than fight against one another (:
@_date: 2014-03-18 01:55:34
@_date: 2014-03-18 04:16:20
I agree. It was more of a reaction towards the comments within any thread that mentions Doge within this sub.
@_date: 2014-03-18 01:48:24
I have noticed several threads on how to balance Fiscal performance with a philanthropic mindset that udnermind the perception of Dogecoin. Each side proposes strictly the extremes strict fiscal performance or light the hearted nature and never consider that there is a median between such. I believe that median is what it means to be a Shibe (a person that lives the ethos of Dogecoin).
The community at Doge should not care for short term losses. That is not worth anyone's time to bicker, speculate, and debate what the market is doing today/this week/ EVEN this month. However, the long term of 2-3 years looks beautifully bright shown by slow and steady growth fueled by a continuous adoption of doge by users and businesses alike. All of the people on here that focus on the short term, get rich quick will not succeed here. The fruits of your labor and investment will not be seen for several years.
Shibes, on the other hand, are doing everything in their power to make sure everyone's investment by helping the community AND changing the world one small act at a time. Fiscal performances is directly dictated by the philanthropic efforts  and light hearted nature this community achieves. It is what differentiates Dogecoin from a massively saturated market.
Companies are taking us seriously for the very reason we DON'T take ourselves so seriously. We are a laid back, insightful, educational, passionate community has HUGE appeal to investors.
This is not btc. Dogecoin is NOTHING like the cryptocurrency world has ever seen. We are an incredible community that has a currency founded on kindness and compassion for others. If you do not agree with the ideology of "helping others in turn helps yourself" then stick to the btc "mob" model. The kindness and compassion for that are less fortunate than us is what make Doge amazing and special. How could you ever dream of changing that dynamic of this community? Why would you ever want to change the very perception that gets us attention and differentiation in a saturated market? And why does having a light hearted nature behind our ethos undermine any legitimacy behind the trade volume we achieve every day.
This shibe mentality of balancing between fiscal performance with compassion and kindness is what gives me goosebumps. To think we have created a CURRENCY founded on such values boggles my mind. And to dispose of a currency trying to spread such values shows the implications of a society that is focus on profit first and people as human beings second.
This is why my heart is in Doge: the community has the heart to spread kindness throughout the world and change how we think and use currency. We will not stop as a community. We will keep innovating and change the world through the very core values we were founded on. I guarantee that.
