@_author: beastoptions
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:01:22
Hello Everyone. 
I am sorry for the late reply but I just saw this and thought I would address the issue. 
First of all no its not a Ponzi Scheme :) Binary Options are a different way of trading Options have been around in its current fashion for about 5 years now. Lots of information can be found in the internet about the industry. 
Just like Bitcoin you can find good information and bad information manly from un/miss or under informed people and in some cases simply people who have lost money and where not to happy about it. 
Block chain 100% has control over who and what ads are shown on the site. They are very serious about security in their site and their partners.
The KYC information is actually standard protocol for the financial industry and can be found on thousands of Forex, Binary Options, Exchanges around the world. 
Any site not asking for AML and KYC process should be a red flag not the other way around. I understand Bitcoin users have become used to not having to provide KYC AML documentation but we are not a Bitcoin Site. 
Bitcoin is a form of payment just like Credit Card or wire transfer or a Neteller.
The reason you had to supply your email to match up the deposit is because the process was manual and their was no direct intergration between the platform provider and the payment systems. 
Without the email the Bitcoin would simply be a gift to us (thanks if you would like to donate) All that would happen without the email is we would receive funds in our accounts with zero way to trace it to the sender. 
 1 point 2 days ago
THIS SITE IS A SCAM THEY JUST STOLE MY COIN AND COINSHARED IT
If you would like to publicly post your user name and have a public Reddit conversation about your transaction I would be more then happy to discuss it. 
But the only single complaint we have had from a user was from someone who tried to under pay and the transaction was frozen. 
What happens during the deposit process is the trader is given a quote from our processor and they can choose to pay or not to. If they over pay or under pay the transaction is frozen until its been rectified. 
Its sad to say but since we started taking Bitcoin as a form of payment the users coming from Bitcoin sites have been the source of 95% of the stolen credit cards trying to be used on our platform
We have zero tolerance for fraud and traders must supply KYC information. That is just how we operate, there are binary options sites that only accept Bitcoin and do note require KYC. 
We accept all forms of payments so we must follow strict rules and because of these rules we are able to protect 100s of people from having their money stolen and used on our site. 
The rules are their to protect our traders, victims of fraud, to follow the international standard for KYC and AML laws. 
We are the first major Broker to take Bitcoin as for of payment and with that there are hiccups and bugs. Of course there are plenty of people looking to exploit our platform and steal money from others. 
It could be easily said the red flags are coming from the Bitcoin community.
And yes our spelling sucks. We are hiring copy editors send your resume if you are looking for a job :)  
