@_author: bebopbats
@_date: 2018-12-29 22:56:18
I pretty much agree with everything you've said. I do believe the narrative should have focused on the way protections were implemented instead of the direction it headed. Most laws are open for interpretation and thus we can debate them in the courts. Although Peterson would be subject to the Ontario commission, that document had no legal standing. Bill C-16 added protections but then by default made the OHRC the standard document to set precedent against. Therefore it was made essentially law. That specifically should have been what the debate was about. 
Age, race, religion, etc. have been around long enough for the general population to understand how the courts would interpret discrimination. Trans - issues are relatively new. I think the media pushed the narrative towards a for-or-against trans-rights. At the heart of it, I don't believe that is where the debate should have gone.
Emotional topics draw decisive opinions and unfortunately we are all way more drawn to those arguments than ones strictly about policy wording and implementation.
At this point, it seems impossible to redirect the narrative. Peterson continued to upset left wing people and some of his followers were all too happy to revel in it all. 
@_date: 2018-12-27 23:45:21
I think he has just had so much content put out lately that people can classify him in any way that proves their point of view by using various clips off YouTube. When the gender pronoun debate started in Canada he was at the forefront. From there you either sided with or against him. Being against legislated speech is not being anti-trans. He was on a TVO* panel  discussing this topic and the only trans women on the panel agreed with him and not the gender politics professors... The debate was never about sexuality. It was about speech. Of course it is hard for some to separate their emotional responses towards his opinions and then he was classified as a transphobe. 
In other videos he is against Marxism and Fascism. He explains how liberal ideas promote new thinking and ideas in business and conservative ideals help keep those ideas on track. He literally says successful societies need a constant back and forth of both liberal and conservative thought. Yet, to some he is a nazi... I can't help but see those people as way too emotional to take their opinions seriously. 
I think some of his commentary is interesting and some unnecessary. I also think the judgment passed on him declaring certainty about his ideas are pretty weak.
*TVO panel, not CBC
@_date: 2018-12-29 21:41:08
The Ontario Human Rights Commission (and I believe all provinces?) added gender discrimination protections before Bill C-16 existed. The policies outlined in the commission however are not legally binding. C-16 was brought about to update federal laws to include gender into the already accepted protected classes of race, sex, religion, etc. So, at face value I would say yes, you appear to be correct in asserting that Peterson is against protecting that class of persons. But things are never that simple.
Peterson specifically seemed to be against the obligation to call someone by their preferred pronoun. Pronoun usage isn't part of C-16, however, from a discriminatory point of view, if his non-usage was deemed harassment by the offended party, they could raise issue with the Human Rights Commission. From there, a tribunal would likely reference the OHRC (since he was a prof in Ontario) and could find him guilty of harassment. In an extremely unlikely case, this could lead to jail if all other avenues are exhausted. And if not jail, it could still mean a loss of job and a publication ban.
When you look at Peterson's position as a professor at a University, I think it is easy to see how those instructors would likely face the greatest amount of requests for accommodation. This is where he seems to be drawing a line in the sand and saying no, he will not bend to every request. Or any at all. I think his fear is that the bill empowers people with disingenuous intentions to attempt to ruin the careers of anyone they disagree with.
Of course genuine trans-gender people inevitably get caught in the cross-hairs. Their seemingly simple request to be called a preferred pronoun so they can lead a dignified life was interpreted by a law that allows people with negative motives to appropriate the Bill and try to force consequences on others.
I think the reason this topic has persisted for so long is that there is no easy answer. Any reasonable person (in my opinion) should agree that gender protections should exist. However, it also seems unreasonable that someone may be subject to harassment allegations because they refuse to call someone a pronoun which the victim could change on a whim and create constant hostile situation. Although policies seem to indicate that someone acting unfaithful regarding their pronoun choice shouldn't be granted protections, there is no certainty the body overseeing this decision will always be correct. 
So is Peterson anti-trans? I don't think so. Is he fear-mongering and rallying people against a law he believes is too ambiguous? To a degree, I think so. Can I be certain about anything Peterson thinks? Nope.