@_author: beckeswins
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:29:53
Yes yes yes yes!  Love that first link to mises.org! 
@_date: 2014-04-01 22:35:18
The quote that the mainstream media seems to be running with from this Reddit is "I have to question the effectiveness of bitcoin as a medium of exchange when the user has to calculate his or her tax liability on every single transaction. As the saying goes, the power to tax is the power to destroy, and this is no exception." 
BUT have we forgotten that bitcoin is PROGRAMMABLE MONEY and uses PROGRAMMABLE WALLETS/client software?  I have no doubt that very soon we will see a number of wallets that keep track of gains and losses automatically thus causing the user no need to calculate anything after each bitcoin transaction.  
It is unfortunate when a supposed authority on the subject publicly claims that users will have to make calculations and keep records with every purchase and follows that statement with a vague implication that the IRS rule will destroy bitcoin.  It would be so much more productive if all of the mainstream media articles quoting this reddit instead were quoting "In the wake of the IRS's ruling bitcoin software such as wallets will undoubtedly start calculating any gains or losses for users with easy export options to popular accounting software in the near future."
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:47:22
Yes,  Fred Wilson makes it clear he wants to raise the 21 million cap and he subscribes to the ridiculous Keynesian deflation fears.  I read up on him a little and he has deep ties to JP Morgan Chase.....  At the very least he doesn't understand the economic value of a fixed supply currency and believes in Keynesian boogy men.  At the very worst he is an agent of the legacy fiat banking system.  (*But he has invested heavily in bitcoin companies so that can't be true!*.....  Because looking throughout history massively powerful entities never disguise their saboteurs,  right?  The amount he has caused to be invested is a drop in the bucket if viewed as the price the Fed would pay to have a bitcoin "insider")  Those who talk of raising the cap,  or having central oversight,  or a system of clean and dirty bitcoin addresses should be dismissed entirely and called out for what they are.  