@_author: becomethefuture
@_date: 2017-01-01 01:07:38
@_date: 2016-12-31 16:22:08
Probably the most rational answer on here. For the issue regarding maintenance fees I suggest Gold futures as an alternative that works just as well.
@_date: 2016-12-31 16:05:45
That's a relief!
@_date: 2016-12-31 15:10:34
You do realise that you can hold foreign gold kept in secure vaults right?
@_date: 2016-12-31 16:04:42
I like your unique and civil take on this. Kudos.
I'll play along to this theory. Let's say one islander begins a small farming operation, steadily increasing volume every year. These other islanders see enormous value in his business as they can purchase chickens, eggs, pork etc you get the picture. Now his only expenditures include water and food for each animal. For about every 10 shells earned he only needs to spend 1 on food and water. Now sooner or later the island is dried up and rid of shells as he's now hoarding them all. As each one becomes more and more valuable due to a lack of island supply he had no incentive to spend them.
If this island were regulated by those scheming gmen and evil bankers though, the farmer would be required to pay a portion of his profits in tax and would'nt hold all the island's capital due to an ever increasing money supply Relative to the island's growth This would also encourage him to invest his free cashflow into the island's economy so as not to lose the Fiat's monetary value to inflation.
I hope my answer made some degree of sense.
@_date: 2016-12-31 15:37:05
Fair enough reasoning for the volatility argument. Some people can tolerate risk more than others.
However I still consider a 1 month 32.07% price change too high.
The difference is that Visa and PayPal are working with fiat cash, not against it. 
I can see the argument your trying to make but deflation isn't specific to items like cheapening technology. It makes everything with a price cheaper. Oil, stocks, housing etc. Yes it won't completely stop investing but it will severely hurt it. Many investors only strive to beat inflation so they can have a comfortable retirement. When you eliminate the threat of inflation many would-be investors can't justify the risk Accosiated with investing when their money is already growing in value. Another downside is the inevitably slow economy that'll come with a deflationary coin. 
Considering how inefficient a deflationary currency would be, you're probably right. Not even government regulators could make it work.
I appreciate the Civil arguement too :)
@_date: 2016-12-31 15:13:35
As I said to someone else, you do realise you can hold  foreign Gold in high security vaults right? Gold also can't get hacked and stolen when it's locked up.
@_date: 2016-12-31 15:07:18
I truly appreciate the rational argument that you're providing as opposed to just saying the Fed is out for your money. 
In regards to volatility, any investment that can make a 32% increase/decrease in a month is volatile at best. I don't just limit this to Bitcoin either. It's a problem many penny stocks and heavily advertised stocks experience too. 
As a long-term goal, complete Bitcoin adoption by businesses is definitely a pro and I'm not trying to dispute that. I'm talking about the present in which, all Bitcoin purchases are zero-sum in terms of the currency's value. 
In regards to the sudden wide-spread use of the currencies we have now. I put that mainly on the government's enforcement of taxes. As we all know, taxes can only be paid in the tax issuing country's currency.
Now I apologize if I've misinterpreted your answer to the problem of deflation. Would it not encourage saving by every BTC owner? Saving is okay in an inflationary environment, however when it's deflationary a huge array of problems start to rise. Less people will spend their money as it'll be worth more next week then it is now. This causes a slow economy. Investment will be lower as many people will have trouble justifying unnecessary risk when their money is already increasing in value with zero risk.
Loans will need some black magic to work as they will provide even more risk for an even smaller reward relative to BTC's deflation rate. Millions of individuals who own BTC now will become the equivalent of billionaires, in turn creating a larger wealth gap than the already existing ones. 
What I'm saying is that no democratic process or government would approve of this.
By regulation I mean government regulation.
Again, I appreciate the Civil answer :)
@_date: 2016-12-31 16:52:56
Ahh so it seems you missed the part where I indicated that in a regulated system we wouldn't be using shells, but instead fiat money. I'm saying *new* never before used cash is introduced into the island economy. I am growing tired of the island idea so I hope you understand for the second time what I mean.
Early miners are the equivelant of "a huge cache of shells" thankfully the USD marketcap is too large to be dragged down by counterfeits. 
Exactly What trades can you facilitate (other than online illicit drugs) with Bitcoin that you can't with fiat cash?
@_date: 2016-12-31 16:10:47
It works as a drug currency but I'm referring to it's inability to match a fiat currency like the USD in terms of efficiency. 
They're not so benefital for a currency they wanted to be widely adopted by business's 
That last sentence is incoherent, sorry.