@_author: becomingtesla
@_date: 2015-12-22 17:41:39
Socialism is the ownership and operation of the means of production by those who labor, as explicitly defined within "The Principles of Communism." The idea that you are somehow against socialism, and yet for bitcoin, makes absolutely no sense, and is likely because you are seriously misunderstanding what socialism is. What do you think decentralized networks are? What do you think bitcoin mining is? It is those who own the means of production (their mining equipment), operating said infrastructure through mining, and then reaping the benefits of their labor. There is literally no difference between the nature of a decentralized network/Bitcoin miners and factory workers owning the machinery, operating said machines, and enjoying the fruits of their labor. You cannot be for decentralized networks, and against the principles of socialism. Socialism =/= "big government programs", despite what the McCarthy-era propaganda says. It means that those who labor are afforded the same degree of political and economic rights as those who own via partial ownership of the means of production and direct representation in the operation of said infrastructure through direct democracy. Socialism is literally the decentralization of the market. 
And just the same, you may want to pick up Robert Reich's "Saving Capitalism" or Joseph Stiglitz's "Rewriting the Rules of the American Economy." There *is no such thing* as a free market, because markets are structured, operated and maintained through rules which must be decided upon and enforced. You cannot have a market without a government to legislate the market into existence. Markets need to have rules about what can be sold/owned, how much of a market share a single company can own, what happens when one party can't pay the other, and it needs to have a system of enforcing the rules. It doesn't matter if said government is a representative democracy or the market is enforced on a peer-to-peer basis through voluntary acceptance - markets need rules, and governments decide them. In the case of Bitcoin, it just happens to be that the code itself replaces the function of the state, and the minors can opt in or out of the market at any given time.
And just for the record, it is capitalism and the *free market* that has produced the highest record of income inequality since the 1920's, which my generation is currently living through. There is a difference between supporting Bitcoin and the decentralization of power, and supporting the rampant exploitation of capitalism that produces the wealth you're enamored with. If you don't think that the twenty oligarchs in this country, who own more wealth than the bottom 156M people can be considered centralization, then I'm not sure you understand the concept correctly.