@_author: beddedbed
@_date: 2014-02-16 17:15:48
Yea but if competitive banks publish at what ratio they're at (provably through the blockchain) then this should give them an advantage against other banks which are being riskier. I'd choose the bank which holds onto a much higher proportion (if not all) of its deposits. 
I'm sure there will be bank runs through mismanagement of funds and low reserves in bitcoin but hopefully after a couple the vast majority of people wouldn't touch banks with low reserves with a bargepole.
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:05:39
@_date: 2014-03-12 13:06:01
At the moment the total number of bitcoins is increasing by around 10% a year (25 BTC every 10 minutes). This will decrease over time but it's happening now.
@_date: 2014-02-17 00:59:47
I'm sure they will and some banks/people will get burned by it. 
We'll be changing from a system of people not having to worry about looking after where their money is because 'the government backs it up' to one where people have to actually make sound choices to keep money at prudent and safe banks.
After a couple of banks go under and depositors lose their money because the bank had reserves too low and people SEE the prudent high reserve banks surviving whilst the risky ones fail, people in general will move their money to those safer banks and be more risk averse in general - creating a safer and more robust industry.
This is opposed to the current system where people see banks which had low reserves and recklessly traded/gambled with depositors money GETTING BAILED OUT, whilst prudent (generally smaller) institutions don't get anything and are slowly squeezed out of the market due to less favourable relationships with regulators/central banks.
With bitcoin there's also the option to be your own bank if you trust yourself to safeguard your own keys which is another plus but bank services will likely always have a place for some segments of the population.
@_date: 2014-02-11 17:52:24
I quite like a couple of things about this article:
1. Audacious is a superb way to describe bitcoin as a currency. 
2. This paragraph highlights exactly why bitcoin is needed:
'But followers of financial history know the 
limitation of a system based on a fixed or slow-growing 
money supply: it imposes uncomfortable financial 
discipline on governments, households and corporates. 
Hence the progressive debasement of pure gold coins with
alloys; the global abandonment of the gold standard during 
the financial strains during World War I; and the US 
government’s suspension of the dollar’s gold convertibility
given fiscal and balance of payments pressure from the 
Vietnam War.'
It's hilarious to see them putting 'imposing financial discipline' as a bad thing. + highlights how governments 'disciplined' through a fixed monetary system have a harder time going to war which most would agree is a good thing if you don't enjoy perpetual war!
@_date: 2014-02-13 13:57:11
The level of fractional reserve banking should be less with bitcoin than fiat. With bitcoin banks have methods of proving the amount of capital they own using the blockchain and over time this should lead to more prudent banks with higher reserves being popular with people. 
There will probably be a market for both with riskier banks offering more attractive interest rates to depositors who then need to weigh up the risk of whether they think the bank will fold or not. Personally if i store any in a bank i'd go for one which shows regularly that it has high reserves.
I realise that currently somewhere like coinbase doesn't provide explicit proof of all the bitcoins it holds but hopefully in the future competition will result in that sort of activity - unfortunately maybe it will have to be after a few bitcoin banks go bust and the process of people having to actually exert some effort in protecting their funds and choosing better banks continues over having the government doing all of it for them.
@_date: 2014-02-13 13:44:15
I think in this case it's probably worth it.
Destroying stuff is wasteful etc + the media attention could paint the bitcoin community as slightly cultist by doing this
This story has been run by mainstream media increasing publicity for bitcoin in general and highlighting the communities passion for it. If people are willing to destroy their shiny apple phones over this then maybe there's something to it and it's worth looking into + Apple although too big to properly care about it can't enjoy being branded protectionist/ anti-innovation.
@_date: 2014-02-13 13:47:52
Sooooooooo much better than windows media player. Donated a few dollars worth.
@_date: 2014-02-14 04:21:53
I get what you're saying and think it's true - A lot of people are probably buying porn/overstock items that they wouldn't have bought if bitcoin hadn't been accepted and are doing so just to boulster the bitcoin economy. 
Not a bad thing though, if people are invested in bitcoin it's in their own financial interest to incentivize more companies to accept it, sorta the same as Gavin buying 10k BTC for $50 and giving them away, if you get something you might not necessarily realllly need its just a bonus to some.