@_author: beef_turbo
@_date: 2019-08-25 02:12:23
I agree with this, and am a bit surprised how it got downvoted, but, I have not lost my faith in Bitcoin being able to eventually perform it's intended purpose. Bitcoin has become such a double edged sword as of late. I think 'Bitcoin as an investment' is a phase and a fad that won't last, and cannot last. Blockchain is obviously the most crucial aspect of the whole crypto movement. 
Unfortunately, early adopters are kind of synonymous now with the people of old money, as in, inherited wealth and/or wealth acquired by means other than hard work or talent or merit. They just got lucky and they are now a new breed of 1 percenters, so to speak. On top of that, for a while now we've had major corporate and commercial institutions taking the mining to such a heavy duty level that no average person can even begin to think about competing with them. In it's current position, it's almost as if Bitcoin's true nature is being transformed, or hijacked, into any other form of money, in that very few have a lot, and a lot only have very little, if any at all, and it's not being distributed. People can debate forever, but the bottom line is that Bitcoin is a currency, and is supposed to be used as such. When something is created with a specific function and purpose and that thing is used in a way that's not in line with the intended purpose, it's being misused. Bitcoin is serving as an investment for now, but, it is not a legitimate or true investment. You can use the butt of a screwdriver to drive a nail, but, a screwdriver will never be a hammer, even though you can use it like one. And you'll end up ruining the screwdriver. All the people hodling will eventually have to start spending what they've hodled. Right now, in my opinion, Bitcoin has simply become a big cash grab for the greedy and needy. Instead of everyone focusing on how much cash they have or can get, or how much Bitcoin they have, they should be focusing on what they can do for a service or create and sell as a product. Money for nothing is a myth. Do what you love, and the money, or the Bitcoin, will come.
Someday, Bitcoin and other cryptos will reach a stable value and will no longer grow in value, and will eventually be mass adopted, and when that happens, no one will have any need to hodl anymore. Bitcoin and other cryptos will be spent just like cash. It will all FLOW just the way a CURRENT-SEA is supposed to.
@_date: 2019-08-24 11:17:11
This video begins glitching (video just freezes for a couple seconds, then continues, and this repeats over and over) 7 minutes in and seems to continue for the whole thing.
@_date: 2019-08-29 10:40:23
You dip the way you want to dip, and I'll dip the way I want to dip.
@_date: 2019-01-04 06:17:59
Well, technically those are slammers.
@_date: 2019-09-06 08:54:39
Will hodlers ever be spendlers?