@_author: beermatt
@_date: 2017-11-23 23:37:28
I do judge him.  I don't believe any of the bullshit about ideals.  That's just a cover story people use to get other people to buy into it.  The creators and early investors knew that if they said "hey we've made our own money, buy it so that we can be rich!", people would have said you're having a laugh aren't you.  So the creators and early investors masked it with bullshit about ideals, and technology, and it being better somehow; all in order to get people to buy into it.
@_date: 2017-11-18 14:34:30
This is fooking typical of all you bitcoiners.  "Financial independance", it's made you shit loads of money you mean? This is what all of you are all about, you mask it behind this facade that cryptocurrencies are somehow morally better than traditional currencies and going to make the world a better place, when the reality is it's no better than regular money all you lot are really interested in is making quick easy money.  Trying to get rich at other people's expense.  You're no different to the villains at large corporations and banks.
Don't even have the deceny to admit that what this is really about!
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:45:36
Maybe there's dissonance,  but there's definitely a reason.  
I'm actually strongly against crypto-currencies because of their potential to disrupt and bring instability to our economies.  You see all these gifs going around about these sort of subs about cryptos replacing regular currencies altogether... do you have any idea what effect that's going to have??  If (and I hope not, and doubt it) it ever happens, it's not going to be a seamless migration, it's going be people trading and scrambling for this new type of currency and your going to see widespread disruption to the economy as a result.  We can compain about the disparity between rich and poor and hate the banks as much as we want, but we all have a roof over our heads, food on the table, and even luxuries like a computer in front of us.  We live in an evolved society with heavy dense populations in cities all relying on the global economy.  If that economy f***s up due to financial instability, the supermarkets won't be able to put food on their shelves, ISPs will go bust and we'll lose all our means of communication, etc.  
Crypto currencies aren't just ridiculous, they're actually dangerous. 
You're right it is a revolution.  Study history and have a look at how many revolutions had a good result?  This one, like most, if it does succeed is likely to cause huge problems in the process, and like most, the net result will not be a fair society but just the previous set of irresponsible rich people being replaced by other irresponsible rich people.
My quandry is whether to fight it on principal or just accept that people are stupid and there's nothing I can do about it so just cash in for my own personal gain.  (And whether I would actually gain or lose out because I very much doubt it's going to succeed in the long run, but when that is I don't know.)
@_date: 2017-11-23 23:33:56
It's actually very inefficient, because unlike regular currencies where a transaction only has to be authorised by a single point, by checking a balnce, and then distributed to other central servers; with the blockchain concept every transaction has to search through multiple previous transactions to work out the balance, it then has to synchronise across millions of peers, and the miners waste a lot of computing resource doing the maths to computer it (which consumes much more electriciy than our current financial systems).
That doesn't sound like efficiency to me.
@_date: 2017-11-23 23:43:48
Believe me I'm consideering it.  I very much doubt cryptocurrencies have a long term future, because if it ever grows large enough for the governments to take it seriously, knowing how much more difficult it is to audit, tax, and as other people have pointed out governments can't "print" more money when times are tough, then the governments will take measures to throttle it, possible even ban it.  I know the bitcoin enthusiasts have a laugh every time it dips about "bitcoin is dead again haha it'll never happen", but if it ever gets really big, wait until families start losing their house due to it's instability and things like that start getting in the mainstream media.  It's probably got a way to climb yet, but despite all the optimisms over false deaths, at some point it is going to fall, and if not die just stay low forever.
But yes I am considering if it's still early enough for me to getting in on it to make some easy money.  But at least I'm honest about it.  It's this facade that their is something more to it than that that winds me up.