@_author: beetjebitcoin
@_date: 2015-12-08 13:07:46
Another recent article is about how the committee had responded as results to this article is that it might be against the rules to announce the candidate too soon. If they do choose to proceed with checking Satoshi's Bitcoin out, thats good news all across the world. Otherwise, someone influenced that decision or there is actually someone with a better reputation. 
@_date: 2015-11-29 00:24:15
This is a great read as well man. Check it out:
@_date: 2015-11-29 00:10:38
I think you should've at least check out  the "what is bitcoin" video they put on their front page. They don't promote this idea you have about anonymity at all like you (even I) thought.
If you really want to use this for this Seedbox you're talking about without somehow being linked to it - of course there are ways if you're clever about it. 
I also think you have been deceived by the mass media in believing that the "majority" of bitcoin users are just buying heroin and guns. I really believe that the majority usage of bitcoin is for exchanging/investing it for actual dollars/euros/whatnot. I could be wrong, but I'd be surprised when I'm seeing Amazon, Microsoft and even VISA are getting involved with Bitcoin. I find it rather hard to believe that they would attach their names to something that will actually promote illegal activities. 
Bitcoin by the way is perceived by different people as different things. One of the biggest economy out there especially for poor countries with large populations, people who has the opportunity to travel outside their own country usually works really hard to send money home to their family. This drives the economy for their homeland, but the problem are these exchange offices money-sharks like Moneygram and Western Union who takes too much of a cut out of every transaction. This idea of near free transaction from Bitcoin to Bitcoin is a great solution, where as long if their surroundings somewhere considers Bitcoin to be trade-able (be it with actual money, services or physical goods).
Another reason to get involved with Bitcoin, is which I believe is true for me at least; is that our economy is build on top of a very unstable system. Not many government leaders out there are actually setting up a proper fix for our global problem (the crisis in the making) and therefor USD can drop significantly once 2008 repeats itself - but this time it could be much, much worse. In which case of course, those who invested in Bitcoin can actually expect their investment to grow incredibly because it was in it's core, not directly officially based on the USD and can shift it's value focus to gold for example if the mass still believe gold should be the standard measure tool during that time. I don't think at all that having and/or using Bitcoin is a way to undermine the Central Banks at all. I think it's a safety investment in times of need when our money system fails and we need at least 1 alternative system that is much more fraud-proof when this world goes to shit.
Having ill intentions to get into Bitcoin is good for nobody in the 2 examples I mentioned as it can affect the overall interest of the market.
