@_author: behamut
@_date: 2016-08-09 08:21:34
In my country I can download whatever I have bought because it counts as a home copy which is legal!
@_date: 2016-08-09 08:14:19
Or people who want to see content quicker. 
Yes I can wait until Game of Thrones is available in my country, but I want to see it as soon as I can. 
Hence I torrent it rather than wait a few more months. 
I did buy all available Blue-rays afterwards, but first I torrent it because I do not have the patience. 
I watched the last season already but have not bought the bluerays yet because they are not yet available, when they are I will buy them. For now I watched them illegally. 
I bought a game once called watchdogs, it sucked, it was nothing like the promotion I had seen for it and I was hyped for no reason. 
I will never buy an ubisoft game again. If there is one that seems intresting I will pirate it and if it is good I will buy it. But I will never give money to an ubisoft title again without testing the game first. 
If I don't like it I will uninstall and not play it. 
@_date: 2016-08-09 08:43:46
In my country it would be legal do download a movie I have bought if it is for my own use.
It is legal in my country to make a home copy of shit you bought and downloading a movie of which I bought the blue ray version is legally considered the same. 
So legally I am in the right unless you want to come to my country and dictate the law because you do not agree. 
Also if you look at videogaming consider this: The Witcher 3 a game without DRM had record braking sales. 
Meaning you do not need anti-piracy software if your product is good. If you have a good product you WILL make money. 
Anti-Piracy software and DRM is only an annoyance to paying customers. NOT to the pirates who do not have the negative effects. 
However if you create a product that is really bad you will not make money and piracy is bad. Because you get your money by hyping people and fooling them into buying your product (see watch dogs)
@_date: 2016-04-07 10:42:44
I had two bitcoin, on gox, but did not know anything much about it. 
I'm a moron I lost them both and have not owned any bitcoin since.
@_date: 2014-01-31 17:21:25
Well he will probably say something like: "Oh I miscalculated"
He will then proceed to scribble some nonsense on a piece of paper and come up with another date that it will crash.
I know psychotic behavior when I see it, I had a family member who thought he was the next Jesus and he was always making predictions with clear dates (even hours sometimes) and then changing them when they did not happen.
Psychotic behavior combined with a big ego cannot handle being wrong so he will twist it in his mind somehow. 
Then there will be cops charging his house to take him to the psych ward. He will not see it coming.
Poor guy I feel sorry for him.
@_date: 2014-03-05 11:09:45
This insight can help you greatly.
If you have a certain field of expertise let's say you belong to the IN-group in this field.  People who do not have any knowledge about the field of expertise are the OUT-group.
I have noticed that news reports about things where I belong to an IN-group are NEVER accurate. 
Sometimes there are accurate things in the news report. Sometimes the report is completely off. 
But NEVER 100% accurate. 
I noticed this a long time ago, but I still accepted reports about things were I belonged to the OUT-group. 
Why? Because I felt like I belonged to the IN-group even though all my info came from media.
I realized that some things I talked very passionate about were entirely based on something I had read.
When I look at the world and I see people demanding that their government take action, like intervene in Syriä or Ukraine.
The knowledge that this  demand is entirely based on things seen in media is bone shilling.  
@_date: 2014-05-09 07:21:34
The US does not print money, the federal reserve does, and the federal reserve is, although the name implies it, not part of the government but a private bank.
the Money, is ordered by the government, then lend to it by the federal reserve, creating government debt.
The Government however gives value to the money by making it worth something through taxing etc...
@_date: 2014-02-21 12:56:01
I left mine in my Gox wallet because I simply am not knowledgeable enough. I do have a wallet on my computer, but I was paranoid that my HD would break down or something (it happened before) so I figured I'd leave them at Gox. 
It was the name everyone was talking about so I figured that the most recognizable name would be trustworthy. 
@_date: 2014-05-09 12:16:55
Inflation rates and anticipated economic stability are factors determining the value of a country's currency in the world market. Taxation, deficits, purchasing power, currency reserves, employment statistics and interest rates all contribute to a particular currency's buying power and therefore its worth.
@_date: 2016-03-11 09:40:21
Conspiracy theory is a coin termed by the CIA to discredit people who were saying stuff about the shady shit they were doing. 
Conspiracy theory automatically makes people think about nutters and about falsehoods. But so many of these theories have proven to be true... 
There are of course the lizardpeople theories and aliens shit but that is not as scary as the conspiracies that take place IRL...
NSA prism was a conspiracy theory until it was proved to be real.
@_date: 2017-01-03 08:51:58
Almost the same, fuck it, the only reason I used mt. gox was because when I saw the name so much that I thought they would be trustworthy. 
@_date: 2016-07-18 08:55:55
Its like blaming telegram for terrorism. 