@_author: behehdh
@_date: 2018-01-29 22:37:48
Everyone do you actually think people are going to be able to deposit or withdraw real BTC from this? They aren't making a wallet.
They're going to do exactly the same as Revolut did in Europe: they have partnerships with exchanges in the background who hold customer BTC, then you can buy and sell on robinhood, that's it.
It's still good because there'll be net buyers with new customers.
Edit: I stand partially corrected. According to the FAQs you can withdraw BTC to an address of your choosing after supplying additional verification but you can't deposit BTC onto robinhood.
@_date: 2018-02-04 09:31:06
It comes down to is it fundamentally a better money than USD, for an individual's perspective to store their wealth in. 
Fixed supply, worldwide, unstoppable, seizure resistant - let's say these characteristics make it better than USD (which I think they do). Then you'd expect this to be appealing to people over time and adoption will grow, creating that deflationary effect you dislike at the moment. 
Over time as bitcoin is adopted it's deflation will slow (despite the block subsidy decreasing) because we'll run out of people to adopt it, lessening the upwards pressure on price. We're far away from that today though and the overall valuation of bitcoin will have to be far far bigger. At this point, with mature markets and liquidity bitcoin will be less volatile, probably significantly less volatile than gold due to increased liquidity from how easy it is to transport it worldwide.
Then it becomes more stable than a lot of currencies in smaller/poorer countries (we already see this is Venezuela/Sudan/maybe Argentina) and there's an incentive to use it as a means of payment in those currencies, even as a unit of account because people's expectation of its future value will be more confident.
My view, perhaps more extreme than others, is that bitcoin doesn't just reach a point, say parity with gold, then just chill out there generally. It can't help but constantly compete with all other forms of money and be adopted by individuals worldwide, starting with mismanaged and authoritarian economies as a way to preserve wealth outside government.
In the end with widespread adoption and stable price there will eventually be mild deflation due to the fixed supply and people losing keys, but I don't think this is a problem, it's a pretty standard Austrian economics Vs Keynesianism position which I think is where you're coming from.
Deflation doesn't stop people from spending, because people want stuff which will improve their lives NOW, not next year when it will be 2% cheaper in real terms and the computer/tech industry is a good example of that - prices fall in real terms very quickly and yet people still buy massive amounts of new tech every year as it improves. 
