@_author: behoda
@_date: 2019-09-20 05:15:11
Yeah ok i get you for sure deflation is necessary with a finite supply. As an aside does it make sense to you that if there theoretically was 100% adoption then the deflation rate would be essentially the gdp growth? Im not 100% sure how to think about it particularly with like the psychological factor of peoples expectations. Guess the speculation on gdp growth at the very least result in differences (no idea how large those differences would be).
In terms of the savings/investing thing the way ive seen it presented (again im not convinced its just for discussion) is that you can only invest in capital the money that you didnt spend on consumable goods (i.e saved), so promoting saving is to promote the conditions for larger capital investment. It was weird when i read that cause its like the opposite to the standard incentive-to-invest argument yet claims to have the same outcome... if you have some insight as to why the incentive argument is the correct one id be curious to hear it.
Also, how do you think about the fact that incentivizing people to spend doesn't necessarily mean theyll invest it on capital? Obviously the financial sector would orient themselves that way and look for investments that outpace inflation but i feel that most people are just incentivised to buy more consumables (which maybe is fine). Sorry for my slowish replies
@_date: 2019-09-19 02:50:07
You mean the average nominal $/btc value of peoples wealth goes down - if you were printing money to maintian the $ value of peoples worth the purchasing power of the dollar decreases accordingly. Changing your money demonination doesnt change the amount of crap thats in the economy
@_date: 2019-09-19 07:50:43
Hmm maybe i misunderstood you, i was responding to "Limited supply of money means as population grows the average wealth decreases. ". Perhaps you could elaborate?
I get the argument about the incentives to invest but im not 100% convinced on how large that effect actually is (hard to model i think). The gold standard was somewhere in between (percentage increase in supply pretty low) and we definitely still saw growth in that period. Also with the house example you still would significantly prefer to buy a home when youre 30 than when youre 50 (even if you would have saved money by waiting) so its not like spending would grind to a halt or something (people still have time preferences).
Another perspective ive heard (also not convinced how legit it is) is that you can only invest what you dont spend i.e save, so an incentive to save is not opposed to the basic ideas of capital investment.
What do you think?