@_author: belfrey
@_date: 2016-08-14 17:52:32
I don't think the dollar is immune to anything, all gov't fiat is headed in the same direction long term, I'm just pointing out that there is a problem getting Bitcoin into places like Iran and Venezuela and Argentina once their currencies really begin to collapse.
@_date: 2016-08-01 15:41:57
Advertisers pay for ads, and there is like a 60/10/30 split of the funds (I don't remember the numbers exactly but it's something like that) 60% goes to content creators, 30% goes to consumers, and 10% goes to brave development. I'm pretty sure it's all covered on their website.
@_date: 2016-08-01 15:23:10
I used Adblock 100% of the time until I downloaded brave. The point is to create an environment in which ads are less obtrusive and annoying and consumers are compensated for any remaining annoyance with micro payments that make it easy for them to also contribute directly to their favorite content creators.
@_date: 2016-08-13 02:21:37
When a currency fails it becomes really hard for people operating in such an environment to get Bitcoin at all. You can't trade truly worthless paper for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-08-13 00:27:03
How does bigger blocks solve op's problem?
@_date: 2016-04-21 19:32:20
Well there is all the bombing... I don't know of any other organization that wastes hundreds of billions of dollars actively destroying habitable environments. And the amount of energy and resources consumed maintaining 700+ military bases is staggering. Ask anyone who works for the DoD or DoE about waste, they usually have amazing stories to tell.
@_date: 2016-08-01 15:19:04
The whole goal is to give content creators a larger portion of the ad revenue while reducing the annoyance level for consumers, and additionally helping them contribute directly to the content creators they like most.
@_date: 2016-04-21 20:04:43
Well, they do protect politically connected businesses from lawsuits when they pollute and they attack smaller businesses that might compete with the large corporations they protect.
@_date: 2016-04-15 03:25:54
"I'm only partially onboard with not forcing others to accept and fund my religion..."
Flags, songs, symbols, sacred texts, sacred halls, sacred monuments, robed interpreters of said texts, violent foreign crusades, special authority granted by formal allegiance to and association with an imaginary abstraction... aka the GODvernment.
@_date: 2016-04-18 22:17:55
Someone can only become a "majority shareholder" of Bitcoin if the majority of the people sold their Bitcoin to this person. 
What you are talking about is called cornering a market, and it's very difficult to do at any sort of fast pace, if it's possible at all (which is extremely rare). Attempts to quickly buy up all of the Bitcoin would just result in a meteoric price rise and massive transfers of purchasing power into the hands of people already holding Bitcoin.
Prices are based on supply and demand. When the price is stable then there are just as many bitcoins being bought as are being sold. When the price is falling there are more bitcoin's being sold than people want to buy. And if there is one guy trying to buy up everything available then that'd be like the demand doubling or better overnight. Ether way, there are a lot of hodlers who aren't going to sell.
@_date: 2016-04-15 17:22:38
If people want to believe things are sacred that's really none of my business until they start trying to force me to pay for and/or bear the burdens of their bad ideas and superstitions.
@_date: 2018-01-06 20:52:45
Without segwit the only people that can safely use the LN are full node operators - and the goal of the bch devs is for full nodes to require $20k worth of hardware. They are creating the centralized hub infrastructure they claim to be against.
With segwit it is safer to have other nodes close lightning channels for you, and either way it will always be much cheaper for anyone to run a full node so long as blocks remain small. Transaction capacity cannot be increased enough on-chain in a safe way to justify the HF.
In the event of attacks on the network, full nodes are the safest way to make transactions - if people cannot easily run full nodes then it will be much easier for governments to disrupt the network and steal people's coins. It is bch that is headed toward major design flaws and vulnerabilities - just like we have seen with XT, Classic, BU, and 2x.
@_date: 2016-04-21 19:38:02
The EPA is a bureaucratic monstrosity that mostly protects politically connected businesses from environmental lawsuits. When there is an oil spill, people cannot just sue the company for personal damages they have to deal with the EPA. It's a corporate shield pretending to be an adversary to business by attacking smaller businesses that might compete with those they are protecting.
@_date: 2018-01-06 06:11:27
Buy a hardware wallet. Trezor or Ledger - from either company directly.
Buy bitcoin via localbitcoins. Use a seller with a good reputation.
Read at lopp.net/bitcoin.html
For extra credit run a full node.
Install a lite client on your phone and set it up to connect to your full node.
@_date: 2018-01-06 18:16:35
It's not the best meme, but with a little thought it does actually make a little more sense than it might at first glance.
Bcash is using the same old way of handling info and doing it bigger. The dev community is instead working on basically adding ram to the network (cached transactions in the LN) and multi-threading (secure sidechains). Bcash has chosen a path that cripples their ability to make use of these new innovations in favor of doing the same old thing bigger - it is linear scaling vs exponential, vertical vs horizontal.
@_date: 2018-01-06 15:31:46
It is a wallet that stores the entire blockchain - it is a part of the bitcoin network infrastructure that relays information for other nodes, and verifies all incoming blocks and transactions for you. It also allows you to check the mempool and other network info. If there is a network attack full nodes are the most secure way to transact. You can also signal support or opposition for proposed updates.
When you start a node it will currently have to download ~160Gb of data (and that number is growing as time goes on). So it could take days to sync with the network, and if your ISP has unadvertised data caps they may give you a hard time - you can reduce the amount that you are seeding/uploading so that it doesn't require a ton of data to keep your node synced. If you leave it off for days it will have to catch up when you turn it back on. 
If you want a project, you could also stay synced with the network via satellite, it is a bit involved, but fairly cheap - particularly if you already have an old dish sitting around. 
Bitcoin.org is the place to get the official core implementation which is the most popular full node being built by the largest portion of the dev community.
@_date: 2018-01-06 15:41:33
Most of the people I talk to have still never even heard of bitcoin, it is still early.
@_date: 2018-01-09 07:03:46
I sprinkle diamonds on all my food because it makes my doodoo twinkle.
@_date: 2018-01-16 03:45:31
I fucking love Charlie Lee! ��
@_date: 2017-12-02 09:35:21
The story of inflation in the US is a 100 year story. Most people have probably heard their parents talk about 25¢ or at least sub $1 gasoline prices (I personally remember sub 88¢), 5¢ drinks, 10¢ magazines and comics. This is the process by which all nations and empires die - and it only accelerates.
You know of the gas shortages in the 70's right? Those evil "OPEC created" shortages that just happened to coincide with economic stagflation after the dollar was completely decoupled from gold in 71... In reality what happened was not a result of OPEC wanting to make less money because they hate our freedoms, it was that the US stopped honoring the gold backing, and printed a metric shit ton of money. Then the US government tried to insist that oil be traded for the same nominal amount it had been before they basically doubled the amount of money in circulation. They were trying to cheat the OPEC nations into accepting half the value for the same amount of product by pretending the nominal price was all that mattered. 
Studying history through an accurate economic lens is quite enlightening - I highly recommend any books by Tom Woods (Meltdown is a great book on the financial crisis) and his podcast.
But in any case, the price of cars is out of control too, advancements should be available at the same or lower prices just like we see in tech - they use less metal, moulded interior parts are cheaper, machines for producing them are faster and more energy efficient, they require less labor, all different models tend to share parts, engine management is cheaper. But more and more cars are financed. $100k Teslas are being subsidized. And cars are required to have lots of heavy and expensive "features." Ask your parents or grand parents how much they paid for their first cars.
One particularly amazing thing is that gas prices have recently been cheaper than they have ever been before if we adjust for inflation thanks to fracking. And when oil/gas prices are cheap the cost of all products comes down because they are cheaper to ship, plastics are cheaper to make, things are cheaper to bottle, etc. A change in cost in one industry pretty much always sends ripples through the rest of the economy. Tech advancements have massive downward pressure on prices, and yet they keep rising anyway because our monetary system is terribly corrupt. Peter Schiff's Crashproof book has some very revealing info on how GDP is calculated too.
@_date: 2017-12-13 00:59:11
You sound like someone who is going to lose money because you don't control your own keys. 
You should never have more than a very small % (if any) of your holdings on someone else's computer (which is what these centralized exchanges are). Best way to trade is to use Changelly or Shapeshift - as things are now - and atomic swaps in open source wallets - when they become an option. The other benefit is that Changelly and Shapeshift are slow enough that they sorta force you to trade bigger charts and generally avoid the intraday nonsense.
The safest way to make money is trade the best and most reliable projects, and if you trade on a centralized platform that can be hacked or shut down then it can quite suddenly cease to matter how good you have been at timing the market.
If you want to trade penny stock garbage and bet on a ported wallet release as though it's proof that the project is moving forward ...by finally getting the most basic form of infrastructure... then go ahead, but you should recognize that you really are just gambling on crap.
Buy good projects and hodl.
How many devs do they have? How much work is being done on github? What sort of work is being committed to gihub? What is the current inflation rate? What is the total supply? Do they have a testnet? What problem(s) are they aiming to solve? Does it make sense to use a cryptocurrency to solve said problem? How many nodes do they have? How easy is it for anyone to spin up a node or become a miner?  What sort of encryption and mining algorithms are they using? Is the value trending up or down in relation to bitcoin? Are there periods of the year where the project has been more likely to trend upward? It is important to do some real homework.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:37:27
That's a nice assertion, care to explain how it has any merit?
Because technology does put massive downward pressure on prices and yet we see prices continuing to rise in many critical parts of the economy.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:39:12
The only relatively unknown that I find interesting at the moment is Stratis. It is a bit of a long shot, I am not crazy about the idea that they are a company, and potentially a legal target, but they seem to be much more focused on development rather than marketing. And they are working with people to build tools for trutless anonymization of bitcoin, which is a critical technology for the space. And I think working in C# and trying to serve as a bridge to the corporate world is a decent plan. It seems to me that they are aimed at being what ETH really should have been.
Other than that, I am mostly just interested in Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Monero. I think ETH is a mess. And I think IOTA and Ripple are truly just garbage that are only where they are as a product of marketing and collective ignorance - I think people trying to hold those hot potatoes will eventually get burned.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:07:46
Technology drives all prices down, some faster than others. Bad (inflationary) monetary policy drives all prices up, some faster than others. If the prices of computer parts were to stop falling then we would already be experiencing hyper inflation - the tech sector is currently one of the only parts of the economy that can stay ahead of inflation.
Goods that are most directly affected by credit and government subsidies - housing, healthcare, higher ed, automobiles, food, etc - are where we see prices rising the most because new money (credit) flows there first.
During the 19th century (in the US) all prices fell on average and it was one of the greatest times of improvement in the living standards of the average person in all of human history. Most bank notes during this period were backed by gold or silver.
In a sound money economy, all prices would almost always be falling at a fairly predictable rate, with very few exceptions. Everyone would have a strong incentive to avoid over consumption and debt (unlike today). The financial sector would probably be 100th the size it is today. Money touches everything, when it becomes corrupt the entire economy changes shape.
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:04:33
People tend to forget we are at version 0.15 - that's not an accident, but an effort to accurately communicate where the tech is - with consumer ready being 1.0
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:53:07
If your project doesn't have a decent desktop wallet then it is much more likely that they might have their priorities out of order, or may even just be a scam.
@_date: 2017-12-24 07:48:52
Unfortunately, the control freaks in the US legal system may pretend that *you* as a person are innocent until proven guilty, but they do not treat your assets that way. Your money is guilty until proven innocent.
@_date: 2015-12-08 21:10:27
What government currency has appreciated in any significant way, or even at all? 
The dollar appreciated during the 1800's, prior to the creation of the fed, but the destruction of value since then has been horrible, and that alone is the primary reason for the creation of a permanent underclass, a political over class, and the decline in upward mobility. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 00:54:50
Yeah, upward pressure as a result of credit and monetary expansion combined with government controls that reduce competition and create monopolies.
@_date: 2015-12-20 16:23:45
That "my" is a rather loose term when referring to Bitcoin fully controlled by someone other than you. Blockchain.info is a better alternative as an online wallet.
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:27:58
"Voluntary devaluation" also known as counterfeiting and theft when most people do similar things. And the destruction of savings that occurs during these sorts of devaluations doesn't lead to greater amounts of investment or production it leads to lower living standards.
@_date: 2015-06-09 11:03:18
When a government sets out to control (lower) the price of bread what happens? 
The demand for bread goes up and the number of suppliers fall which creates bread shortages, right? 
When the government places controls on the price of interest they increase the demand for access to unearned money (debt). The only cost of debt in most people's eyes is the monthly payments. If the government puts price controls on the market underlying the consumer debt market then they naturally push down the cost of servicing debt at the consumer level. This means people can afford to service more debt, and it effectively lowers the price of access to new homes and new cars and other large purchases. 
In the current monetary system the money supply is largely determined by the amount of credit in the markets, there is no actual production cost to increasing the supply (unlike bread). So instead of shortages in the supply of loanable funds, a lower price of interest just causes money to flow faster. 
Cheap access to loans drives up demand for big ticket items and funding to businesses that produce big ticket items because those are markets where purchases are most impacted by credit - this causes an economic boom. The boom changes the allocation of resources in the economy - many new businesses are started producing expensive products. But the demand for credit at a particular price eventually drops as the market becomes saturated with debt. The falling demand can no longer support the boom-time arrangement of resources in the economy, so businesses fail, people default, and there is a bust. 
Economy wide booms and busts are the result of bad monetary policy. The supply of savings should determine the supply of loans and the interest rate, not the other way around.
I majored in Econ. Those books may be written for the laymen, but most economists need to get back to basics because they are lost in details that have made them ignore the effects of price controls and to forget the source of real investment. Most economists don't actually apply what they know about supply and demand to money.
@_date: 2015-12-10 02:19:22
I'm sorry, I thought most people understood the negative effects of central planning and theft via counterfeiting. 
@_date: 2015-06-30 22:01:20
Andrew "I killed the bank" Jackson, detested central banking, and the federal reserve put his face on the $20 bill, the most widely circulated bank note in human history.
Edit: also they are using a Gandhi quote, and bitcoin has the potential to destroy the ability for governments to wage war, and the potential to significantly reduce political power, so it's pretty fitting IMO.
@_date: 2015-12-09 04:47:23
New currencies and small markets are just going to fluctuate more because any little change in attention or interest might be significant in relation to the overall number of buyers and sellers at any given time - it's a direct result of size, not some sort of flaw in the currency itself.
Any stable currency would naturally result in falling prices. When increases in production and efficiency don't result in lower prices somewhere then someone is counterfeiting your money - whether they have deemed it legal or not doesn't change the nature of the action or its impact on others.
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:14:27
Price deflation, yes. Like we see in the tech sector (you can buy better electronics every year for the same or less money) which is the only industry left still growing fast enough to outpace the widespread currency devaluation that governments have been inflicting on everyone. 
Bitcoin was created specifically to combat government destruction of money.
@_date: 2015-12-11 11:38:30
I majored in Econ with a focus on money and banking, and I spent a year studying MMT on my own - so I don't believe my views on the subject are a result of ignorance.
What you call "encouraging investment" I call subsidizing the banking industry and Wall Street at great cost to the upward mobility of the average person. And I have nothing against speculation or trade in almost any form, it's the fraud and theft I have a problem with. 
House the counterfeiters in all the giant stone buildings and dress them in all the special labels and special consumes you want, they are still counterfeiters. That's not bias, it's just reality. An action doesn't magically become good because a king does it instead of a peasant.
I don't believe money is wealth, it's a proxy to wealth. But I'd like it to be a reliable proxy. Bitcoin has the potential to be such a thing.
Expanding the money supply is like double selling seats in a theatre or handing out more keys than there are cars - it's good for the guys selling the seats and the keys, but bad for everyone else. 
If your gas tank was bad at storing gas (because cars are for traveling, not storing commodities) that would lower the cost of driving relative to the cost of parking, right? If the car is going to lose or consume gas while sitting still, you better use it now, right? But that doesn't save you anything - making your tool for accomplishing some objective shittier and less efficient only raises your cost of living. 
The same goes for money - it's a tool for trade, and to be good for trade it needs to store and accurately account for value created. Wealth created yesterday allows more to be created tomorrow.
Bitcoin was designed to be decentralized, to ultimately have a fixed supply, and it just so happened to be created after those magnificent displays of Keynesianism that were the multi trillion dollar bailouts of the financial crisis - if you think that central planning and inflation are good, why are you here?
@_date: 2015-06-28 22:05:30


You didn't answer my question, I asked how can citizens delegate power they don't have - if I can't tax you to fund my projects, then how can I delegate the power to tax you to someone else? Do you really not see the problem there?


So long as any organization is allowed to force people to fund its existence it will primarily do things that people don't like - eliminate the power to tax and it becomes a voluntarily funded service provider that has to primarily do things that people support, and that must actually follow through on promises to maintain funding. When a tax funded organization does something bad it just doubles down and forces people to pay more, when a voluntarily funded organization does something bad it loses funding and has to adjust immediately. 
What would your government look like without the power of asset forfeiture, taxation, imprisonment, or any of the others?
Like an actual service provider, that works to protect people, collect restitution, and prevent crime rather than a religious organization with massive buildings and statues and rituals that just keeps history records of crimes and dolls out arbitrary violence as punishment. There wouldn't be one government (or anything that I'd call government at all) there would be competing private defense firms and dispute resolution organizations. I envision lots of people being volunteer security officers much the same way we have many volunteer firemen today. Some security firms might be for profit some might be volunteer, but all would be voluntarily funded, and likely much more community based which means that people would have a much greater interest in actually protecting and being kind to the people they serve, not only because they might be fired (rather than rewarded with paid leave when they do something fucked up) but because they are likely to be serving people they know or who know them, which makes them more accountable. 
Most crimes are committed by disturbed and unhappy people who have been abused in some way, more abuse isn't going to make them better, so I envision rehab centers that people have to agree to attend in order to clear their names of wrong doing, and to receive certain services. I see reputation systems like on eBay and Amazon but in a more p2p form that let people know whether a person is safe to deal with or not.
Clearly governments aren't going to disappear tomorrow, but the way to move things in that direction is to build resource sharing apps, things like bitcoin, p2p networks that function without any central controllers or attack points - and eventually all force funded organizations might just become obsolete and be recognized for the crazy violent flag waving cults that they really are.
If you are interested, The Machinery of Freedom by David Friedman is a good book on the subject and I can suggest many more. Economics in one lesson by Hazlett might help too. Look up voluntarism/voluntaryism, agorism, and anarcho capitalism. 
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:21:47


Or of becoming a victim of civil asset forfeiture (basically the same thing as being robbed but with special words and costumes to make it seem more legitimate). 
@_date: 2015-06-28 15:04:17


Well, first off the government is only supposed to have those powers delegated to it. How exactly does one delegate a power they do not have? 
And the idea that in order to protect individual property rights there has to be a group of people who violate individual property rights is just ridiculous. Do we need a group of rapists that rape everyone a little bit to protect everyone from rape too?
And anytime the punishment is worse than the crime they are actually destroying society. Murdering and caging people for engaging in voluntary trade or for consuming or possessing the wrong substances isn't helping promote liberty or welfare, it's just being violent and abusive.


So then the government doesn't exist to protect minority rights, and it's okay for a government to wipe out a group of people if the majority are in support of that?


They ensure the welfare of the people by stealing from them and inflicting violence on non violent people? US cops kill roughly 30 times the number of people killed by people they consider criminals. 
I majored in economics with a particular focus on money, but I'm going to have to ask you to explain to me how expanding the money supply stimulates the economy. That is an assertion that many people repeat over and over, but a conman always tells people that his cons aren't cons. Of course the government and politicians are going to say that what they do for the economy helps, and it does help them at everyone else's expense, but I mostly see inflation destroying the purchasing power of fiscally responsible people and encouraging others to amass more debt.


Pyramid schemes use money from new contributors to pay old contributors, and they continue until the number of new contributions falls below the amount that needs to be paid out to older participants and the unsustainable nature of the arrangement becomes obvious, at which point the older participants or the creators of the scheme usually take the money and the new guys are out of luck. Social Security works exactly this way, the only difference is that most pyramid schemes are voluntary, with SS you have to participate and if you refuse you may spend time in a cage. And the amount people are required to contribute is capped so that the rich actually contribute less and benefit more.
Why is a cage a suitable punishment for theft? Is a cage going to reform a person who steals from people? Does that make the victim whole? And getting court order just means that one tax paid person in a robe says it's okay for another tax paid person in a blue costume to do something, they both work for the same organization and are paid with the same theft. It's like one mafia member telling another that it's okay to steal from this person. And I'd avoid civil asset forfeiture if I was you too, because with that the government has almost entirely abandoned all pretense of "doing good."
@_date: 2015-06-10 14:48:42
Well, demand is based on subjective values and for all practical purposes completely infinite. 
For example: I want a jet pack, the problem isn't that I don't want it bad enough, it's that the supply of scarce resources and ideas for arranging them to create a functional jet pack are so limited as to make jet packs cost prohibitive. 
No amount of credit market manipulation is going to change the actual scarcity in the market for jet packs, you can only introduce inflation.
Currency is like a meta stock backed by all of the value that can be exchanged for said currency. Issuing more currency, whether directly or via credit creation, is just like devaluing a stock. Both are essentially forms of theft. 
@_date: 2015-06-08 20:19:32
I would highly recommend two books on the subject The Housing Boom and Bust by Thomas Sowell, and Meltdown by Tom Woods. The first focuses on how convoluted government policy directs money into certain sectors, and the second does a good job of explaining how the Federal Reserve (or any central bank) is the primary enabler of economic bubbles.
@_date: 2015-12-09 15:58:39
There have been major increases in production and efficiency (at an accelerating pace) in every industry, every year, for the Fed's entire existence, and yet prices have risen tremendously in terms of dollars.
In terms of gold, or the time or power required to produce things, all costs have fallen dramatically.
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:39:35
Bitcoin is the reason balls exist.
@_date: 2015-06-28 01:30:03
Right, and I'm sure there are people who'd say that when priests rape little boys that's not the same as when some ungodly person does it... A religious belief that costumes and monuments and flags and magic documents change the nature of certain human actions doesn't make what you've said anything more than a baseless assertion. 
If you care to expand your argument specifically into why it's not theft for a government to expand the money supply at the expense of those who use said money, or to seize individual assets, then I'd be happy to respond accordingly.
@_date: 2015-06-30 23:04:10
Can't you just double spend the money with a fee, and the problem is solved?
@_date: 2015-12-20 19:59:32
How so?
@_date: 2015-12-10 15:54:00
If you had an argument you'd make it, instead of hedging, and resorting to ad hominem justifications for not replying.
How does a person, in a robe or other costume, declaring an action to be legal change the objective impact that action has on others?
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:39:30
The only meaningful measure of savings is purchasing power, which should be increasing so long as there is economic growth.
@_date: 2015-12-11 18:53:34
Good money drives out bad. I think, with quite a bit of certainty, that crypto currencies are going to eventually cause major problems for all governments - they are going to call it economic terrorism and the source of "speculative attacks" on government fiat that cripple central banking efforts "to save everyone." The IMF has already been publishing reports to that effect.
I'm happy for everyone to be here, but it'd be nice if the majority of the Bitcoin community actually understood the reasons for its creation, and were prepared for what will eventually come. Though I'm sure the inevitable hysteria will make for some lucrative trading so I guess it doesn't really matter.
I am not saying this to piss you off or insult you, but just to illustrate the flip side of the coin: As far as making things intolerable goes, you should consider how difficult it is for people who were here first to tolerate not only the ignorance of newcomers, but the righteous indignation, and the lack of ability or desire to even present a decent counter argument when someone disagrees with them or explains why what they believe is wrong. And yes your position is a form of ignorance in my view, and in your case it sounds willful which is worse.
To someone who managed to gain their understanding primarily by fleshing out contradictions and getting at the root of disagreements - someone who *wants* to "agree to disagree" is useless at best. I have been on all sides of these arguments and genuinely believed each position, the subject matter is complex enough that you really have to try them on in order to understand the vastness of the combined Austrian and Chicagoan positions. The MMT'ers and Keynesians aren't completely wrong, they are just basically looking at the picture upside down. Changing the reflection of the moon in the water doesn't change the moon.
@_date: 2015-06-11 17:03:15
I didn't say it was. Money is a proxy, demand for any currency is representative of it's ability to store value and facilitate trade, or in some cases it's representative of the amount of fire power governments/issuers/counterfeiters (whatever you want to call them) have pointed at people who produce valuable resources. Money isn't wealth, goods and services and technological solutions to problems are wealth - money is just a way to access those things. Manipulating the money supply does nothing to increase actual wealth.
Human wants and demand for solutions to problems are for all practical purposes infinite. Human demand for wealth is infinite, but I think you're smart enough that you understood what I was saying anyway.
@_date: 2014-04-25 15:49:11
You'd think more people would understand this.
@_date: 2014-02-21 03:39:47
The market for debt would necessarily be much much smaller, which would be a positive thing.
The argument you are making works both ways and wage rates lag behind most other price changes. So as it stands prices are constantly rising while wages stay mostly stagnant which is bad for the average person. In a deflationary economy prices would be falling and the more sticky nature of wages would actually benefit the average person. Today people are rewarded for being fiscally irresponsible at the direct expense of those who are fiscally responsible, in a deflationary economy fiscal irresponsibility is not rewarded and the fiscally responsible don't have a financial treadmill keeping them from improving their lives.
Edit: whatever...
Current debt obligations are owed to a bloated, largely insolvent, and highly over leveraged banking sector. You are right to note that we are in a mess, but that mess is the unnatural result of government price controls on the rate of interest (basically central planning in the financial sector). Price controls on the cost of debt also acts as a direct subsidy to the financial sector, so it is easily 100 times the size the free market would support.
@_date: 2014-03-09 08:11:34
Bitcoin will either fail completely, or it will have massive positive effects on the world. So long as the supply is limited, it doesn't particularly matter how "bad" things get, it will be better for the average person. Even if every transaction can be tracked and colored coins are a problem, the fact that a central monopoly organization cannot devalue everyone's holdings at once in order to fight wars and bailout corrupt businesses is a positive on a scale that is nearly impossible to comprehend because the impact will be so incredibly far reaching.
@_date: 2014-07-19 18:37:24
I'm not sure how I managed to do that, but I fixed it. Thanks :)
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:21:01
You changed it more than 10%, isn't that how the stupid 'prohibition on sharing' laws work?
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:28:14
The corruption continues unchecked so long as the government has the power to inflate, until the inflation has destroyed so much of the economy that the producers choose to risk joining the black/grey markets and abandoning the government currency completely, which triggers the final hyper inflation. See Argentina, Zimbabwe, Rome, the US, etc.
@_date: 2014-01-25 00:42:52
Seriously, the last few weeks have been so incredibly boring. The bitcoin waters have been motherfuckin' glassy.
@_date: 2014-03-27 07:49:57
Anything that bleeds for 3 months out of a year and doesn't die, should definitely not be trusted.
@_date: 2014-09-22 03:29:11
Think about the logistics of your scenario.
How does a crook know that I have any btc? How does he know how much I have or what I actually have access to? 99.9% of my btc are not online. Phones all have cameras and gps tracking now. Do people often get held up at gun point before they have withdrawn cash from the ATM and told that they should put in their info?
Muggings happen because cash and valuables are quick snatches. They happen after withdrawals are made. How quick do you think it's going to be for someone to put in their password and take a picture of a criminal's QR code to transfer him money? And if the criminal just wants the phone, and I've encrypted it, what good is it to him? Is he going to stand there and hold me at gun point while he tries ten wrong passwords that I call out? And then what does he get by shooting me other than a locked phone? And what if I happen to be armed, and instead of reaching for my phone I reach for a concealed weapon?
@_date: 2014-01-17 21:58:58
I think the real issue is people believing "regulations" put forth by a group of people whose jobs depend on stealing from and coercing people are ever going to be anything other than protections for predatory practices.
Your words make it sound like the right "regulations" could have fixed the problem, but it was the government regulations that created incentives which rewarded predatory behavior. The regulations ARE the problem.
@_date: 2014-07-25 01:53:15
They don't "provide" anything but illusions, producers provide things. The government produces nothing but propaganda. People in government take from actual producers, pay themselves, pay others to do productive things with what is left over, and try to sell what they have done as if it makes them indispensable. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 16:24:00
I think bitcoin is going to produce an economic environment where people simply ignore the government in favor of the ability to buy and sell better products at better prices, while it becomes more and more burdensome to make transactions and survive as a business in national currency based economies.
There will be problems if people keep trying to make compromises when it comes to government and bitcoin. A currency that lacks a central point of control can't support an organization that depends on centralized control.
@_date: 2014-12-25 00:18:06
Haha, you mean the "science" that is produced by humans...?
I like science that is concrete, provable, and/or immediately applicable to something - this isn't. And it's being used to promote coercive socialist policies that benefit a few at the expense of everyone else, and that have been shown to be completely useless in the effort to actually reduce CO2 production.
@_date: 2014-09-22 04:08:03
Maybe, or maybe the phone is encrypted quite securely, and can only be unlocked with the short pass phrase if done correctly in 5 tries. There are ways to incorporate convenience and real security.
@_date: 2014-05-19 17:57:58
It's not that easy, and in any case I think you're missing the point.
@_date: 2014-04-19 08:43:26
One's views on sex, politics, and religion are often integral to understanding the significance of a technology or any other thing that affects lives.
The reality is that people shy away from topics or become "offended" because the ego hides things from us that might damage the way we currently see ourselves or the world. Brain neurons and the pathways they form actually produce fight or flight chemicals when threatened. Topics that are central to the way in which a person views the world are particularly sensitive because anything that challenges those topics represents the potential destruction of some person's neural superhighway and the necessary reorganizing of information and the way they approach everything.
The effort to label certain topics impolite is just an effort to avoid reality and the change that becomes necessary with exposure.
@_date: 2014-01-30 03:26:25
I understand what you are trying to say, but I think it just boils down to the fact that you approve of a criminal gang's authority to define the words you use, and I do not. Do you also accept their definition of terrorism, homeland security, Internet security, affordable care, or the land of the free? Is a place with more prisoners than anywhere else in the world the freest place on earth?
What difference is there between their labeling something a crime and a KKK leader labeling something a crime, other than the number of guns and the number of people they have scared into obeying or supporting them?
@_date: 2014-01-25 00:07:48
Not being creepy involves a lot more than attractiveness. Just like two people can tell the same joke and one get a great reaction while the other completely bombs, it's about delivery, body language, general sensory acuity, adaptability in the situation, and overall context in the way the person acts and presents themselves.
But attractiveness is a factor.
@_date: 2014-07-08 20:51:38
I'm totally okay with banning government militaries and taxes. Just saying.
@_date: 2014-09-22 23:30:20
What do the norms of a place with high gun ownership and low crime rates have to do with ignorant gun control nuts?
@_date: 2014-05-06 22:10:39
Politicians and people working within the US federal reserve system are doing plenty to destroy the dollar on their own. I don't see how a piece on bitcoin where the guest excoriates all government fiat has any more to do with the dollar than any other currency. 
RT, like every news outlet, produces some decent segments, and some crap segments. This one was pretty good. There is far more propaganda in the major US news outlets today and it's often more difficult to separate the lies from any semblance of truth in their reporting.
@_date: 2014-03-01 18:47:20
Working on shit that I can sell for bitcoin, assuming that the coins are gone, but quietly kinda hopeful since he announced "bankruptcy protection" rather than just bankruptcy. Being both slightly annoyed and entertained by all the crazy amounts of FUD.
@_date: 2014-04-23 19:40:14
Real savings is the only source of real investment. Bitcoin is the cure. Keynesian easy money policies are the disease.
Do you think price controls work? It is pretty easy to prove that they don't, and the interest rate is just the price of access to other people's savings. Controlling he interest rate by printing money doesn't increase the amount of real value (cars, houses, the supply of medical care, productive capacity, etc) in an economy. Money is only a proxy to wealth, it's like printing 100 keys to 10 cars and telling 100 people they have a car - that's the boom - the bust comes when everyone realizes they are now paying for access to resources that aren't really there.
@_date: 2014-02-21 09:03:39
Corn and wheat subsidies are actually pretty horrible and among other things they contribute to the fact that unhealthy processed crap containing corn syrup and enriched wheat flour are everywhere.
The "best" banks didn't survive, the government forced tax payers to support some of the worst banks and insurance companies to the tune of almost 2 trillion dollars, plus the 85 billion a month they have been pumping into the system for quite some time now.
I agree that when there is "capitalism" the best survive, but the government has been picking the winners and losers in the financial sector - that isn't capitalism.
I have nothing against private homeowner's insurance and I support my local volunteer fire department with regular donations.
I don't want the government producing and delivering food any more than I want them to decide who runs the banks. The more subsidies there are in any industry the more power the government has over said industry - it's pretty straight forward.
@_date: 2014-07-19 10:21:13
The constitution is a piece of paper, it isn't going to attack them if they piss all over it.  
The people who make the rules, enforce the rules, and interpret the rules by which new rules can be made are all paid from the same pot of stolen money. None of them are on your team; they won't interpret the rules in your favor. 
@_date: 2014-02-16 05:01:00
Yeah, I mean I like interesting hiding places and all but that's just silly. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 22:58:12


How else would you suggest the money be issued without destroying the limited nature of bitcoin?


Miners (plural) is the key word here, competition drives down the cost of transaction fees. If one miner attempts to raise fees others will get a larger share of the transactions to process.


Transaction times are always roughly the same


This is a key feature of bitcoin. Deflation rewards the fiscally responsible and discourages mindless spending. Spending is an individual's way of voting for resource allocation, mindless spending (casting votes) results in an equally mindless allocation of resources. It is this feature that will lead to an efficient economy, an always improving standard of living, and greater upward mobility for the poor.


Why should a small group of people be able to dictate what can and cannot be traded while forcing everyone to pay for wars, and any ideas that they can't get people to back voluntarily?


Pseudo anonymity, generally speaking, means privacy for the poor and transparency for the rich - basically the opposite of the way our financial system works today.


It's still a baby, babies learn and grow quickly, but they also fall down and throw tantrums. Give it time.


There is no after hours trading for the privileged, there are no ways for "regulators" to step in and tilt things in their favor, it is a free market. People in bitcoin for the right reasons and for the long term can't really get gamed.


Some people buy houses and cars that they can't afford, how is that anyone's problem but their own?


The alternative to many free exchanges is to promote the centralization of power.


Voluntary, decentralized backing is preferable to centralized violent control, to most people in bitcoin, or they wouldn't be in bitcoin.


Orders of magnitude smaller and more efficient than the company cars, company jets, armored trucks, buildings, and computers that make up the legacy banking system it will one day hopefully completely replace.




Current legacy banking payment systems are more centralized, more prone to outages, and still rely on the Internet.


Government attempts to improve society created the problems that led the need for bitcoin, if they were capable of "preparing" society for changes they wouldn't have created the problems in the first place. Bitcoin's disruptive nature is a natural and positive thing.
@_date: 2014-01-29 17:07:05
So you are asking if self defense or the defense of others is scalable? Sure. But if said military must be funded by theft and force then it is a criminal organization.
@_date: 2014-10-01 02:26:50
The world will be a better place when people can do things like this without having to worry whether it's legal or not. Why does some asshole in a far off city somewhere have any say in what sort of digital asset can be created to benefit a website and all of its users without harming anyone?
@_date: 2014-03-17 22:47:23
The convo with Jeff starts at about 8 minutes.
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:15:34
@_date: 2014-01-07 20:27:55
Been thinking about this quite a bit, and bitcoin may not ever need to have any better anonymizing ability than it has now. If something is developed great, but so long as there are lots of altcoins and it is easy to move between crypto currencies on a decentralized exchange like OT or some similar platform, movement between block chains should provide all the anonymity one needs. This actually means that if a small, more anonymous altcoin is developed it would likely add value to bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-04 20:49:14
Price controls don't work, they create massive economic imbalances. It doesn't matter whether we are talking about the price of bread being unhinged from the actual supply of bread or the price of interest being unhinged from the actual supply of loanable resources. Bitcoin is a solution to the bug that is government manipulation of fiat money.
@_date: 2014-07-24 21:30:19


You are assuming that governments actually provide benefits. I completely disagree.
@_date: 2014-02-21 21:08:01
ಠ_ಠ 
@_date: 2014-10-05 15:45:24
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:45:16
I am honestly flabbergasted by that question, I can't help but wonder if you are actually serious? The economy isn't exactly "fine," but in any case the answer to your question is the same as the answer to the question, why is it bad for people to counterfeit money? Why can't we just let everyone print their own equally fungible dollars? The answer isn't a matter of speculation, it's just about maintaining a key characteristic that makes a thing "money."
@_date: 2014-01-25 10:40:20
Where there are no ceilings, and where cars drive.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:10:33
Actually the bad financial practices were basically required by law. Banks had to make loans to people based on race and area of residence, not financial stability. And when the federally sponsored banking institutions started buying the bad securities it opened the door for banks to make bad loans, satisfying government lending requirements, and then get them off of their books.
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:02:13
Suggesting that not wanting to bomb and steal from other countries via bad monetary policy is a lack of foreign policy is akin to suggesting that being kind and fair to one's neighbors is somehow un-neighborly - which oddly enough makes about as much sense as most Keynesian economic theory.
@_date: 2014-04-30 15:22:42
Except that is exactly why governments print money, so they can go to war, and pay for things they can't otherwise afford. Some things are that simple. It would be particularly naive to believe that because they have made the process by which they create new money look complicated, it is actually for your own good. Conmen always want to confuse and obfuscate their crimes.
@_date: 2014-12-25 01:37:28
Our understanding of the universe is not something that can or should be collectively enforced with guns and legislation. Science exists to improve technology and to accomplish individual human goals. If many of those goals line up, wonderful, if not one person or group doesn't get to say, "if you try to accomplish your goals without paying us or asking for permission we will lock you up." Being human means no one has perfect information, and history shows that the majority (or authority) is collectively wrong more often than not, and often in some pretty horrible ways.
People should compete on the battlefield of ideas so that the best ideas win. When coercion enters into the equation the best ideas rarely end up on top because the sort of people that are willing to aggressively use force are never the sort who have the best ideas.
And I said that global warming is being used to promote coercive socialist policies that benefit a few at the expense of everyone else while having no significant effect on CO2 production. I said nothing about CO2 production being meaningless.
I am well aware of the potential warming effects of CO2, I am also aware that more CO2 accelerates plant growth, and that warm climates support more life.
Edit: something else
@_date: 2014-06-05 13:16:18
Could always make your own job by producing something for the bitcoiners of the world.
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:54:31
And there is no such thing as a greedy or power hungry regulator...
@_date: 2014-04-30 16:12:54
The one that has 700+ military bases all around the world, and a larger prison population than any other despite not having anywhere near the largest number of citizens.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:05:07
I would think this would be especially prevalent inside an organization funded by theft and dependent on violence in which most people have convinced themselves that they are helping others.
@_date: 2014-02-18 20:39:40
Demand has not dropped, people still want stuff, but costs are rising because the government has inflated the money supply and stolen from the entire economy as a whole, so people are having trouble affording stuff. Bitcoin was created to prevent this sort of mass theft.
@_date: 2014-07-19 10:27:08
The worst criminals are government officials.
"The fact is that the government, like a highwayman, says to a man: 'Your money, or your life.' The government does not, indeed, waylay a man in a lonely place, spring upon him from the roadside, and, holding a pistol to his head, proceed to rifle his pockets. But the robbery is none the less a robbery on that account; and it is far more dastardly and shameful. The highwayman takes solely upon himself the responsibility, danger, and crime of his own act. He does not pretend that he has any rightful claim to your money, or that he intends to use it for your own benefit. He does not pretend to be anything but a robber. He has not acquired impudence enough to profess to be merely a 'protector,' and that he takes men's money against their will, merely to enable him to 'protect' those infatuated travellers, who feel perfectly able to protect themselves, or do not appreciate his peculiar system of protection. He is too sensible a man to make such professions as these. Furthermore, having taken your money, he leaves you, as you wish him to do. He does not persist in following you on the road, against your will; assuming to be your rightful 'sovereign,' on account of the 'protection' he affords you. He does not keep 'protecting' you, by commanding you to bow down and serve him; by requiring you to do this, and forbidding you to do that; by robbing you of more money as often as he finds it for his interest or pleasure to do so; and by branding you as a rebel, a traitor, and an enemy to your country, and shooting you down without mercy, if you dispute his authority, or resist his demands. He is too much of a gentleman to be guilty of such impostures, and insults, and villanies as these. In short, he does not, in addition to robbing you, attempt to make you either his dupe or his slave." ~ Spooner
Edit: Thoreau has some awesome quotes too, just not this one. 
@_date: 2014-09-22 04:01:36
A highly doubt that a stupid illogical person is going to be very good at stealing btc. I'd just say okay, give me your email and then send them and email with an amount of btc and a long string of BS crypto keys - "okay man, I gave you the monies" - how's this inebriated retard you speak of going to know the difference?
In any case, all of this is a great argument for why it should be legal for everyone to carry concealed weapons everywhere. An armed society is a polite society.
@_date: 2014-07-21 04:16:47
So, nothing then. Let them take nothing.
@_date: 2014-02-06 05:41:48
My brother just withdrew his, the coin disappeared from his account, but 3 days later it was in his wallet. It seems that everything is just slow.
@_date: 2014-05-31 16:06:44
I LOL'ed so hard at "artificially scarce."
@_date: 2014-10-11 03:51:09
The closest thing we have to automated resource allocation is bitcoin which is basically an automated financial sector that allows for unmanipulated peer to peer exchange. In an absolute sense, there will never be any such thing as "post scarcity," but many things will be automated. However, we must walk before we can run or fly or get to whatever automated magic world you guys are calling for.
@_date: 2014-04-25 16:22:00
Totally agree. Real cypher punks write code, and real agorists produce.
If this is Amir, please stop doing petty shit like jumping turnstiles and talking shit to cops, don't want to see you in a cage man. I'd imagine it's hard to code with cuffs on.
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:13:01
Actually every new Walmart is built with taxpayer money so people actually are forced to subsidize Walmart's expansion over their competitors.
But if you know better what low skilled labor is worth on an hourly basis then you should start a business and pay people right, give all of those Walmart workers a better alternative.
@_date: 2014-03-05 09:55:53
Right, because it is better for everyone if their money can be devalued to benefit organizations that start wars, and bailout corrupt and inefficient businesses that would otherwise be eliminated.
@_date: 2014-02-21 17:57:57
If a business can't support itself by providing products and services to customers at prices they are willing to pay, then it is a poor allocation of resources, and is supposed to go out of business so those resources can be reallocated cheaply to some more efficient and sustainable business model. If the government steps in and bails out a failing business, then it is forcing customers to continue paying to support an unsustainable  business model that doesn't serve them.
Either the people choose winners and losers in a market, or bureaucrats and politicians do and they force people to pay for their decisions whether it benefits them or not. You can be angry about it, and you can make light of it, but that is just the way it is.
Welfare, Medicare, and disability comes with it's own set of problems. But any program that people can't choose not to fund is going to be corrupt and not serve any of the people it was really meant to serve. Good ideas don't have to be forced on people. If you were forced to pay Walmart $1000 a month whether you bought anything or not, would Walmart get better? Would they be more or less concerned with attracting customers and keeping them satisfied? 
@_date: 2014-10-04 07:04:26
Hong Kong is begging for "democracy" not freedom.
@_date: 2014-02-18 19:09:16
Only real savings creates real investment. That is Say's Law which Keynes supposedly disproved. What is good for savings is good for investment. If I can prove that Say's Law still stands will you consider that maybe OP and most other bitcoiners are on to something?
Edit: for tact
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:54:02
Actually, (not that I would support this crap) banning it might simply call more attention to it. Has a ban on file sharing had significantly negative effects on file sharing? Netflix and Pandora did more to cut down on file sharing than any sort of legislation, and I don't see any alternatives to bitcoin receiving positive favor from the government if bitcoin gets banned. Bitcoin has value because it solves real money transmission problems that there aren't other solutions to.
Edit: worded
@_date: 2014-08-05 19:29:58
The desire for anonymity is almost always in the hope of escaping persecution and oppression from the very sort of people who want to control everyone else. The people who want back doors and the secret controls to everything are always the real criminals.
It's the tyrants who lack the ability to mind their own fucking business.
@_date: 2014-01-25 03:15:57
When you're outside isn't it called the ground?
@_date: 2014-10-05 01:02:41
It was the government pumping up the money supply that caused the initial economic crash, and then bad reactionary fiscal policy that destroyed supply chains and made resources even more scarce which kept the country in a depression. 
So no, the solution would not be to drink more of the alcohol that created the hangover in the first place.
Greenspan has a great essay he wrote in his smarter years explaining this very thing.
@_date: 2014-12-24 18:37:51
This is pretty epic!
@_date: 2014-01-23 04:53:17
It is a sound currency, which means central banks can't use it to steal from people and they can't ever create price controls for the rate of interest. That is not just marginally better than the dominant fiat systems. Wealth distribution doesn't really matter when no one can print the currency and create a financial treadmill for the poor and middle class to run on.
@_date: 2014-04-26 03:58:56
Hitting your kid lowers their IQ, and slows down the development of their ability to reason. Being spanked doesn't do much to encourage calm rational thought, it just teaches them that to get your way you need to be bigger and stronger and in charge, like mommy or daddy.
@_date: 2014-01-29 16:10:43
Yes, I think physical and sexual assault, murder, and theft are criminal acts whether there is a government or not. I think governments are criminal organizations, and I do not believe they have any power to define anything. Believing government officials are the only people with the authority to define much of our language is a huge part of the problem.
@_date: 2014-09-22 05:57:34
I think you are missing the overall point.
@_date: 2014-07-20 08:59:56
If everyone wanted to save bitcoin, then merchants would have a massive incentive to offer things that people can't resist spending them on, in order to gain some of their own. One leads to the other.
@_date: 2014-01-29 16:48:46
The *initiation* of a violent interaction. Defending one's self or another person would be a response to someone else having initiated violence. All of the US government's military action in the last 60+ years has been criminal, and some of it prior to that is more debatable.
And if someone steals food to survive that is also a crime, but I would never suggest that restitution or punishment be administered without any concern for the context in which the crime is committed.
@_date: 2014-09-22 08:54:31
@_date: 2014-09-23 01:10:49
If you are involved in bitcoin, you should understand the political implications of its existence. It is incompatible with central banking and the financial controls that make coercive monopoly government possible.
@_date: 2014-04-30 15:59:52
Right, and they should just not be afraid of threats from the largest and most violent government to ever exist.
@_date: 2014-07-21 08:31:37
It's weird when someone is both cynical and a total boot licker. 
Control freaks aren't trying to control people for the good of the people, that's just how narcissistic psychopaths justify their greedy desire for control to themselves.
@_date: 2014-07-15 07:52:52
Future versions of beanie babies and tickle me Elmos aren't going to change the world; even if bitcoin fails, future crypto currencies will change everything.
@_date: 2014-12-14 21:44:41
Clearly we should just build bombs and ships and then bomb our ships with our bombs and celebrate our new found wealth for all of eternity... 
@_date: 2014-06-12 15:02:15
There is a reason politicians say things like, "never let a crisis go to waste."
Omg... people might actually have to agree to voluntarily fund infrastructure and research... the horror!
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:59:09
Fuel, agricultural commodities, and industrial inputs from Feb 2009-today:
JP Morgan should have been dissolved, it still will be one day, and it will be that much more painful now. The market cannot support their business model. They are a parasite. They have basically turned the entire financial sector into a parasite.
Housing starts are still just hovering above all time lows, and conditions suggest the whole market is threatening to crash again.
The patient is a junky that killed his family, has heroine in his I.V. And is plotting to kill his nurses and doctors too.
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:13:23
Would something like SQRL help?
@_date: 2014-06-05 20:28:15
Would you forgo this morning's coffee just because it might be cheaper next week?
Also flip the argument over, why (in an inflationary environment) would any business sell something today if they can charge more for the same thing later?
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:20:37
Oh, well why do any of us do anything? We should all just quit and get paid for doing nothing. That's not unsustainable or anything - like literally every government program.
@_date: 2014-06-30 17:50:05
:) happens to everyone once in a while. But you are right there is literally no downside to accepting btc even in today's still early form, and only upside in the way of lowering costs.
@_date: 2014-07-21 04:23:59
It's like factoring in the cost of every bank building and corporate car and corporate jet and every employee and then adding to that what customers pay the banks to make the transaction, and saying the average cost of a legacy banking transaction is $1000.
@_date: 2014-10-25 03:52:20
Governments depend on inflation and control of financial systems for their very survival, so any form of money that threatens to end those things most certainly has political implications.
@_date: 2014-02-18 16:24:15
As someone who also majored in Econ and has continued to study the subject every day for 6+ years since I graduated, what they teach in intermediate macro is wrong. 
Let's say the government creates a new requirement that businesses fill out a ten foot stack of forms every month in order to legally conduct business. This will cause new positions to be created or paperwork to be outsourced to accounting firms, which means that more money will change hands - and by the governments metrics (GDP) the economy will improve, but their new law has only made the process of producing real wealth (things that people need) more costly and less efficient. They have harmed the economy, not grown it. You should listen to what OP has to say and rethink what you were taught.
In any case, what is good for the trees is good for the forest. If your savings appreciates, does that in anyway hurt you? Deflation is only bad for governments and banking institutions which become powerful by spending or loaning out what they don't have, so of course we are taught in government schools financed by the banking sector that deflation is bad. But it isn't bad for you and me.
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:12:06


And the citizens of Greece can't afford to buy the stuff they are making. The stuff is real wealth, the stuff improves people's lives. You don't want stuff to be leaving in exchange for worthless paper that can be printed.


How is hurt inevitable? Don't engage in unsustainable economic behavior, no hurt necessary.


If they would maintain balanced budgets and not promise people things they cant actually provide they wouldn't be in trouble. But then, of course, people would realize that a government can't steal from everyone, pay an army of bureaucrats, and hand back the crumbs in any way that actually improves much of anything for anyone.
@_date: 2014-04-23 19:30:04
Depressions are created when unsustainable business practices and resource misallocations are supported via theft and inflation. What do you think bailouts are?
Had there been no money manipulation and government coercion in the markets in the first place, all of the corrupt and parasitical banks would have gone out of business, their resources sold off and put to productive economic use in ways that people voluntarily support.
@_date: 2014-01-29 07:45:41
So you believe "crime" can only be defined by the organization that is funded by theft. You believe "abuse" is defined by the abusive husband.
@_date: 2014-10-11 03:43:26
Actually in the freest places (those with free trade and honest/sound money) monster inheritances are usually destroyed in just a generation or two because the original wealth creator's offspring often don't understand what it really takes to create that kind of wealth. With sound money, you have to actually be bigger than your wealth. 
It's in collectivist and authoritarian countries that have classes with entrenched wealth and connected families - see the USSA.
@_date: 2014-09-22 03:10:22
If properly secured it is entirely possible for one's electronic device to be set up in such a way that cracking it is essentially mathematically impossible. User friendly consumer level stuff tends to lack that level of security today, but we are quickly headed in that direction.
@_date: 2014-04-25 16:07:01
A system built on theft can't be bent into something that promotes prosperity, harmony, and general social welfare.
@_date: 2014-03-01 18:39:35
I like you, you're silly.
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:52:14
Do you have any bitcoin? Do you understand why it has value?
@_date: 2014-10-11 03:59:52
People are referred to as bulls or bears based on which direction they think the market will go. Whales are traders with massive amounts of money. Recently there was a 30,000 or 40,000 BTC sell wall at around $300 and people deemed this the Bearwhale. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:55:02
If you think that the taxes, fees, licenses, and random mandates for reporting projected income predictions and other ridiculous shit don't amount to "that much overhead" then I would guess you've never run a business. If people can avoid it all by operating in bitcoin and doing business via decentralized online marketplaces, my guess is they probably will.
@_date: 2014-02-16 04:43:24
Watching that made me want to break that box with an axe.
@_date: 2014-07-20 19:28:08
Velocity of money is not important. Do you ever hear people talking about the velocity of gold? It is largely a savings vehicle. The velocity of money goes up as it's value is destroyed because everyone wants to get rid of it in exchange for something. Like they are playing hot potato.
@_date: 2014-01-08 07:55:55
It seems to me that pseudo anonymity might actually be more desirable than complete anonymity in bitcoin. While I am a big supporter of people being productive and making as much money as they possibly can via voluntary transactions I still recognize the potential for very wealthy individuals to engage in undesirable practices. Bitcoin being only pseudo anonymous suggests to me that the very wealthy would likely have less privacy than common people as opposed to the way things work today. In general I have a hard time seeing how that would be a particularly terrible thing. Feel free to enlighten me. 
@_date: 2014-07-29 18:52:49
Well, I'm sure they are at least as concerned about consumer protection as the NSA is concerned about Internet security.
@_date: 2014-05-30 21:36:04
Stocks and bonds aren't all that great in a political environment where the government is buying its own bonds, basically has the ability to destroy or nationalize any company at any time, and seems to be effectively unrestrained in its ability to damage the economy.
Real estate having maintenance costs, having value that is very dependent on government influence in an economy, and ownership being dependent on the ability to continue to pay the government rent in the form of property tax is really more of liability than an asset.
Crypto currencies tend to be volatile, but have fundamentals that potentially make them more secure investments than most others. It's really all about who you trust. If you trust no one, crypto currencies are a far better investment all around.
@_date: 2014-07-20 19:19:02
I agree
@_date: 2014-02-18 18:47:21
People working in economics departments at universities generally want recognition, they want government advisory positions, they want to work at the fed. People doing research at universities want government grants. Government officials write grants for things they support, they aren't going to write grants for people trying to prove their position shouldn't exist or that their pet projects are doomed to cause poverty and economic destruction. Politicians want to spend other people's money, if you want a job as an economic advisor or as a person who creates monetary policy you don't get there by telling the fed it shouldn't exist or by telling politicians that hands off fiscal policy is what will create prosperity. The government and financial institutions absolutely DO influence what is taught.
It is in the government's best interest for everyone to be in debt, because people in debt have to work and people who work have to pay taxes. So governments inflate the money supply as a tax on savings and a subsidy to those in debt, to lenders, and to their own power and income. 
It is in an individual's best interest and in an entire economy's best interest if savings rates are high and the economy is sustainable. Again, think, if your savings appreciates is that bad for you?
Consumption does not have to be incentivized, people have to consume to survive. Demand does not have to be stimulated, people's wants are infinite.
@_date: 2014-12-24 20:30:03
What gets me is that the largest proponents of climate change have mansions on the beach and fly around in private jets telling people to be concerned about their carbon footprint, while they invest in the derivatives trading tech that will be used if the cap and trade legislation ever gets passed.
I care more about what people do than what they say, many global warming fear mongers appear to be liars to me.
@_date: 2014-09-22 20:57:48
Does drug prohibition work, or can pretty much everyone get drugs anyway? Did alcohol prohibition work? Why do you think gun prohibition would do anything other than disarm honest people? 
People who are for gun control aren't actually anti-gun, they are just pro centralization of guns. They want cops to go door to door and forcibly disarm people like in some sort of insane dictatorship. And with the number of awful cop videos floating around the Internet these days, I can't imagine why any idiot would want only cops to legally have guns.
@_date: 2014-01-05 17:29:15
Bitcoin, being of limited supply, is a sound currency. Governments and sound currencies don't mix in the long term. This is why every country eventually abandoned the gold standard. Sound currencies basically require that governments be really efficient at stealing from people creating a consistent and predictable revenue stream, and that they don't attempt to fund unsustainable programs, or do things that damage the economy. And more importantly, sound currencies require that government agents admit and adapt quickly when they have created some inefficient and ineffective program. Unfortunately, that is not how people behave when it comes to taking and spending other people's money by force, and the blame generally gets placed on the amount of revenue funding the program.
The problem then, is that increasing government revenue is almost always an unsustainable practice, because no one wants to be forced to pay for anything, and the act of introducing a new fee or tax changes the incentives in an economy and causes people to change their behavior. As more people attempt to work around taxes and fees, the government continues to try and box people into corners and ends up significantly damaging entire markets.
All governments eventually realize that the only way they can do the things they want to do is to tax people via inflation, which can be hard for people to see and avoid. Inflation is the only form of taxation efficient enough to allow for endless wars and bad social programs despite majority opposition, however, people eventually figure out how to avoid the inflation tax too. Generally this starts with a growth in investment in stocks and bonds and other financial assets, which leads to a more creative and often predatory financial sector, and it results in the inflation burden being dumped more and more onto the poor who don't have the ability to use financial assets to avoid the inflationary burdens (widening the gap between the rich and poor), and eventually everyone escapes the inflation by abandoning the inflationary currency. And when the currency is abandoned the government collapses, usually in a storm of violence, sickness, and starvation as the government attempts to violently target things like healthcare and food production for revenue.
Even if a government were to save up a mountain of some sound currency, people would simply come from all over trying to use that money to force their pet projects on other people. And people who can't get others to buy into their ideas voluntarily (usually because they are bad ideas), naturally flock to government organizations because they are in the business of forcing things on people.
Edit: had more to add
@_date: 2014-08-16 18:06:49
Inflation favors the inflation creators and those they pay at the expense of everyone else.
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:30:22
A government cannot spend bitcoin they do not have, they cannot purchase things with bitcoin or fund programs that they have not yet earned or confiscated the bitcoin necessary to pay for said purchases or programs.
Edit: clarity
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:36:57
Oh sure, so many people want bitcoin that all transactions stop and the price goes to zero without any change in behavior... The purpose of the pricing mechanism is that the price rises until enough people are willing to part with bitcoin to satisfy the demand for them at the new price level. If demand is greater than supply the price rises, if supply is greater than demand the price falls.
@_date: 2014-03-09 04:54:15
A currency of limited supply, no matter who holds what, is far better for the average person than any centrally controlled fiat ever could be.
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:22:08
"Foreign aid" is just money sent to prop up dictators and violent groups in other countries. Top down "aid" isn't helping to improve conditions for the average person in poor places around the world, it funds their oppressors.
The US bombings and invasions seem to correlate with the efforts of small countries to create sound currencies, and/or accept something other than dollars in payment for oil - this isn't a coincidence. It is worth considering why that might be. The connection between bombings and monetary policy is in there somewhere.
Edit: however, I was saying that the US is bombing some countries, as well as stealing from many countries (via monetary policy), and wanting to end such behavior is not a lack of foreign policy. It just so happens that, in this case, there is a connection between the two, but they are separate acts, like robbing someone is different from burning down their home, some criminals may do both.
@_date: 2014-08-11 10:51:10
Bitcoin's digital nature makes it far more liquid than gold. Crypto currencies represent the first viable exit from government fiat that actually comes with advantages rather than limitations.
@_date: 2014-04-12 08:06:22
They are actually causing the cancer in a lot of cases. Promoting software with backdoors and such.
@_date: 2014-04-30 15:52:04
They sell IOUs based on the promise to harvest more value from their citizen livestock in the future. In the past this meant that they had to at least convince the assholes stealing from other people in different land masses around the world that financing US debt was a good idea, but at this point the Fed is doing lots of things off the books, so there really aren't any rules anymore.
The major contribution of Austrians IMO, is the identification of the interest rate as a price, and the Fed as a price controller. We all know how well price controls work.
I think you and I have very different definitions of the word "crime."
@_date: 2014-01-25 16:49:12
Muh roads! Without them bitcoin wouldn't be this easy to use.
@_date: 2014-01-29 02:57:16
The laws are so subjectively written that everyone is a criminal. That is not an exaggeration or a joke, please do some research if that in anyway comes as a shock to you.
Whether or not Charlie did anything that could conceivably be labeled as money laundering, think about what the accusation even means. People pay taxes because they are threatened with jail if they don't, and death if they resist. That is extortion, a form of theft. 
It is not greedy or wrong to attempt to keep money you earned; it is greed to attempt to take other people's money by force. Governments do not exist, there are just people who erroneously believe that pieces of paper empower them to hurt other people. This is truly no different than any crime committed by any religious institution or tyrant at any other time in history. If the laws are not objective and there is no victim then the only crime is in the arrest.
@_date: 2014-02-21 08:09:54
You and your parents haven't lost any money nominally.
Sure, there is FDIC insurance, but the banks still engage in the same (and much worse) practices as what lost your grandparents' money. The difference is that the cost of the theft today is just spread equally out over everyone and allows the politically connected banks engaging in bad practices to continue on with government handouts. The losses are still there, they are just more effectively hidden, and it isn't just the people with their money in irresponsible banks who lose, everyone loses. As a result of the socialized losses there is no market incentive to know whether or not your bank is fiscally responsible. So there is no longer any market incentive for banks to behave.
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:09:59
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:19:06
Ignorance of the law is no excuse, criminal!
@_date: 2014-01-18 01:16:22
So long as people are forced to fund programs and cannot withhold their money when they disagree, there will be rampant corruption and zero accountability. 
When people don't have to ask for funding and they can just take money, they have no incentive to give a shit what people have to say about what they do. It IS that cut and dry.
Glass Steagall wasn't as significant as the media wanted everyone to believe it was. That was their whole basis for claiming "deregulation" was the problem. The regulatory foundation for creating the whole mess was put in place decades earlier and what was more important was getting the American Dream act passed and setting things up so that the GSE's would buy the assets. There was no real market for the trash until there were large organizations with basically unlimited funds willing to buy them. Not to mention that without a central bank enforcing price controls on the rate of access to unearned funds, none of it would have been possible in the first place.
@_date: 2014-01-29 06:20:20
It sounds like you are suggesting that no matter the lack of objectivity to the law, all opposition to any bad law still deserves punishment. Do I need to point out what sort of horrible things have been and still are written laws? If laws are written based on any subjective whim and then are subjectively enforced (as you admit) then what is the fucking point?
What you are suggesting is that victims of bad laws should not only obey the laws, but be forced to pay for their abusers to continue abusing them, unless they can use the abusers' established channels to change the laws. The minority should always just obey and vote harder, right? It's like saying a battered wife should get her husbands permission before she can stop supporting him financially and leave or disobey his orders. I am fully aware that the abusive husband is a threat no matter how justified the wife is in any action, but that doesn't magically absolve a person from the label of asshole for saying, "she should have known better, he wrote down his subjectively and randomly enforced rules," or for cheering when the wife gets beat. 
If you support what is being done to Charlie and any other bitcoin entrepreneur that hasn't harmed anyone then you are part of the problem, and very much on the wrong side of history.
Charlie didn't do anything wrong, guilty of someone's subjective definition of "money laundering" or not.
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:09:23
Did we just become best friends?
@_date: 2014-07-19 22:23:41
I am all for transparency, which is quite easy to provide via the blockchain, but I really wish people would get past the point of believing everything needs to be filed with the government. And so long as a majority of people think this way it may be costly to be transparent.
@_date: 2014-04-25 16:05:28
Understanding would be recognizing it for the fraud that it is, and to simply stop funding it by whatever means possible.
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:02:48
I am okay if people are pretty disrespectful about it.
@_date: 2014-07-08 20:39:52
The tax farms get difficult to manage when the livestock knows they are being farmed.
@_date: 2015-05-22 15:45:42
I'm not sure I understand why there would only be partial validation at a larger block size.
@_date: 2014-01-29 16:02:23
Then this is just a semantic dispute, I define crime or criminal acts as anything that involves initiating the use of force.
@_date: 2014-06-20 01:59:16
What would you tweet if you knew when all of this was over you'd be able to retire somewhere nice with 600k btc?
@_date: 2014-02-18 19:58:37
The people who give out Nobel prizes are not gods, they are just as likely to dismiss important findings as the next person. But Hayek did win a Nobel prize, the problem is so did Keynes. It makes about as much sense as Snowden being nominated for the same peace prize that George W. Obama received. 
Deflation is the only true measure of economic growth. Whether it is deflation in the amount of time needed to produce something, or price deflation in terms of what can be produced or exchanged for some fixed value. Money is a metric for value, if the number of units is always changing then there is no way to accurately measure anything. And I know you probably believe that inflation is accurately calculated, but it isn't. The US no more accurately calculates inflation than the Cuba accurately calculates infant mortality.
Economic growth has nothing to do with debt, at all. People can invest in production without debt. All real investment comes from real savings. If the value of savings is increasing faster than a productive investment, then that particular investment is not highly demanded by the market and people might be better served if those resources were allocated differently. At the same time, if my savings can sustain me indefinitely, which bitcoin actually seems to have the potential to do then I can invest in what matters to me regardless of profitability. I can work on some open source project, invest in medical research to help save a friend or family member, or just work on solving something that I see as a problem in my own life - which is how most really great products and services are created in the first place.
You can always buy more computer for your money next year, does that stop you from buying computers, or does it simply cause you to allocate resources more efficiently? Don't we want to incentivize efficiency? Is their any incentive to spend efficiently if having any house or other good is better than holding on to dollars? Money is a tool for making trade efficient by allowing people to store wealth, if it doesn't store wealth properly the efficiency is destroyed and people simply throw it around like a hot potato because it does them no good.
@_date: 2015-05-21 07:59:28
Humans are adaptable.
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:45:34
"Millions of people lost a *small* amount of money"
Home prices fell by ~50% and so did the stock market. Both the equity and 401k's of many people were cut in half, jobs had to be cut, prices rose at the grocery store, building supply prices have more than doubled, many people who have worked in residential construction for decades still have almost zero work today, people lost homes because they couldn't make the rising payments on mortgages sold to them dishonestly at artificially lowered prices by people who never had the money they were loaning out in the first place, and all of this happened so that the largest most irresponsible banks wouldn't have to sell off their assets cheaply to fiscally responsible market actors when they became insolvent. They had unjustly taken ownership of a significant portion of the assists in the economy by loaning out money that wasn't theirs and then demanding people pay them higher rates of interest as their problems surfaced. When the market attempted to correct the problem the government stepped in and gave away nearly 2 trillion (in the US market alone) of taxpayer money which has since been "paid back" with the 85 billion a month in taxpayer money they have continued pumping into those same institutions.
The market provides much more harsh and efficient 'regulation' than any government ever has or ever will. This is self evident if one simply observes that the government is in the business of forcing responsible individuals in the market to support the very corrupt and irresponsible people that the market is trying to eliminate.
@_date: 2014-07-19 22:33:44
A thing that is anti fragile gets stronger with attempts to break it. Kinda like how every time a Saiyan has a near death experience, if they recover they are much stronger. Attempts to kill bitcoin may harm it in the short term, but are more likely to drive its power level up over 9000, than actually kill it. And because it lives in the cloud we don't even need dragon balls to resurrect it.
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:07:59
Running on QE injections and proxy wars that keep the oil trade from bleeding dollars too fast.
@_date: 2014-09-22 02:52:31
If I say you can't have them, and you shoot me what do you get? With conventional (non digital) wallets you might murder me and get my cash or my credit card or my watch. In a world of bitcoin wallets it is entirely plausible for you to be a murderer and to be left with a phone and no way to decrypt my wallet. In a world of smart property, you might even be left with just a body and a bricked phone.
It may seem like only a subtle difference because most people would probably rather hand over the keys to their wallets than die, but it is actually a rather significant decrease in the possible ROI of mugging someone. It's actually very similar to sort of economic incentive that brought slavery to an end (contrary to the silly political history taught most places).
@_date: 2014-01-25 00:24:39
It definitely is, however I would also point out that nearly everyone is capable of eating right, bathing regularly, going to the gym and/or tanning bed, shaving their head if they are balding or getting a decent haircut, wearing stylish clothes that fit (without spending much money), and just generally doing things that will bring their attractiveness level up to average or better (because there will always people who won't do these things).
As a guy who likes to take care of himself I regularly notice geeky or nerdy tech guys who generally come across as "gross" to most people, but who have what could clearly be an attractive face if they would try, or just generally get a clue.
@_date: 2017-02-07 14:44:03
That is interesting, thanks for the link, but I think the economic sustainability of something like that is ultimately a dead end.
@_date: 2017-02-19 22:45:14
If miners run LN nodes then they can distribute pool funds more efficiently and they stand to earn LN transaction fees by being major players in the LN network and helping contribute to payment/wallet anonymity. 
LN allows bitcoin to attract more users and provide more benefits without forcing miners with bandwidth limitations out of the network - big miners can run LN nodes and scale to processing as many transactions as they want without imposing the costs of scaling on other players in the network.
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:38:21
You can get water and pens and napkins and condiments and sometimes even teeshirts for free - does that make these this actually free to produce or provide? No. But the economy is wealthy enough to treat these things as if they are free a lot of the time.
When bitcoin is so valuable that a satoshi buys a meal, then it is very possible that meals will be free in the hopes that other things will be purchased or that ads will be heard - and bitcoin can be further sub-divided with an update, so it's a non-issue.
@_date: 2014-05-30 22:21:18
The difference is the incentives. The incentives built into bitcoin are far better than the incentives built into the systems for managing govt bonds, govt monetary policy, and taxing real estate. Bitcoin is a 'trustless' distributed system because the system works to everyone's mutual benefit. Governments have almost no incentive not to print as much money as they can get away with, because like any counterfeiter the money printing benefits them at everyone else's expense.
In any case your best argument against the security of crypto currencies is the chance that governments might be able to exert some control over them, but the government already completely controls the legacy financial sector and general property rights. So I'll take my chances with the new tech over the other systems of extortion any day.
@_date: 2014-10-04 23:39:53
The car gives the key value, right? The control of the car (access to the physical good/resource/service) is the real value. 
Printing another key and handing it out to someone doesn't increase the value of the car, it just means that my key might not represent the control over my car that I think it represents (it devalues the key).
The value of money is based on what it can buy. It's "stuff" that gives money value. In the same way that a key is worthless without the car, money is worthless in the absence of stuff you want to buy.
Prices represent the ratio of money to the actual supply of stuff people want. This also applies to loans. The interest rate is the price of access to other people's savings based on the demand to consume now and pay later, in relation to the supply of available savings. With sound money, said savings is a direct representation of value previously created (available resources).
When a central bank increases the supply of loanable funds they divorce the supply of available savings from the actual available resources in an economy. It's like handing out ten keys to ten people when there is only one car. If everyone makes plans like they have uncontested access to said car, at least a few people are bound to have problems getting to where they thought they were going to go (even if it's the batmobile and it'll drive itself to you). The making of plans based on the number of keys is the economic boom that results from fed monetary policy, the bust is the realization that the car (all the resources) isn't available (at least not at the prices previously accounted for).
Unfortunately the nature of government monetary policy is complex and has an even more nefarious aspect to it that isn't illustrated by this particular analogy. If you can imagine someone selling many many car keys to a bunch of cars owned by other people, it would be a similar sort of theft, but on a global scale, and across all goods and services.
@_date: 2014-04-25 16:07:42
@_date: 2014-02-08 10:25:07
Life is on a multibillion year trajectory from aimlessly floating sea stuff to symbiotic individual autonomy. Technology is pretty much all that has ever made people better, on the whole it promotes the spread of information, and flattens power structures. There is no time in history that has ever been less abusive, less dangerous, and more conducive to those who want to live a productive life. On a global scale, the average tax slave's political and financial burdens are far lighter than at any other time in history. And today's tax burdens pale in comparison to the everyday burdens of even the freest person's life just 200 or so years ago.
Things always look terrible just before they improve significantly because it is the improvements and the promise of change that create awareness of the horrors of past and present realities. And everything in life happens on an exponential scale, all of the major improvements in a particular paradigm happen at the end, which then leads to a shift. Technology is not separate from life, but an extension of it. No obstacle short of unforeseen planetary destruction is going to stop a multibillion year evolutionary trend. We pretty much have all of the tools necessary for the creation of sustainable permaculture, seasteads, and an otherwise wildly prosperous future. Government coercion and self righteous control freaks are the only real obstacle, and history has shown that they always lose in the long run.
Edit: We are about to see a huge explosion in free market e-commerce thanks to BitTorrent like software, bitcoin, OT, and 3d printing - all of which is open source and very resistant to censorship. Agorism is the way forward, not things that fuel the political machine.
@_date: 2014-01-09 23:52:32
Who will encourage changes to the protocol that will weaken bitcoin and why? 
@_date: 2017-02-19 09:37:17
I don't think you understand where governments get most of their power.
@_date: 2015-05-18 20:03:50
If there is no incentive for law makers/enforcers to uphold or obey such a document then it might as well not exist.
So long as they can force people to fund whatever they do, the demands/suggestions of those people are meaningless.
@_date: 2017-02-21 16:58:25
Lol, the hubris of the government control freaks is off the charts.
@_date: 2017-02-23 04:30:58
There has been no stagnation - the amount of development over the last year or two has been amazing and pretty massive.
@_date: 2015-05-21 08:19:54
I agree, the ring is fugly, but the idea is really interesting.
@_date: 2014-08-11 14:45:06
I don't dislike Guy Fawkes masks, but I'm not sure I want one on my back. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 23:20:12
He used better colors
@_date: 2014-08-14 23:07:31
There is a difference between violent threats of caging for not asking permission to produce something or not having permission to buy something, and community created standards that producers try to meet. 
There is a difference between forcing everyone to pay for the enforcement of any law a monopoly group passes, and people voluntarily contributing to see their communities protected in the ways they'd like.
Understanding and explaining free markets isn't particularly complicated.
@_date: 2017-02-07 17:37:55
No, they are a mix of trade and charitable activity and a loss leader sort of advertising - all of those things are natural free market activities in a capitalist society. All long lasting open-source projects still have to be economically sustainable and as such they have to address some greater market need or interest.
The distorted socialist definition of capitalism is based on centralized and coercive authoritarian activities which have more often characterized the real world attempts at any sort of collectivism - of a socialist nature or otherwise.
Even the socialist attempts at cryptocurrencies depend heavily on an authoritarian mob rule sort of exclusion from the network and requirements to "donate." Can anything rightfully be called a donation if it's required? Socialism inevitably creates and depends on a political hierarchy (usually of a rather oppressive nature) to exist. 
@_date: 2017-02-10 21:26:27
The long and short of LN function in simpler terms: 
-Tor routing is built in so anonymity is significantly increased.
-Channels can be opened and closed instantly if all parties agree. 
-If one party tries to cheat by broadcasting an old channel balance to the blockchain, which shows them having more money than they should, the previously exchanged info should allow the other party to automatically sweep everything in the channel - so cheating attempts are punished by turning control over to the party that is being cheated.
-If one party tries to simply close the channel without agreement from the other party then it will take the n-lock days.
-Altcoins in LN channels can actually potentially be used to facilitate bitcoin denominated value transfers, so the Litecoin implementation of segwit and LN will benefit bitcoin and vice-versa.
I don't think it is accurate to suggest that LN tech will harm miners in any way. Miners will probably be some of the largest LN nodes allowing mining pool participants to be paid and to pay for many things via each other. Miners will be able to collect smaller LN transaction fees for providing highly liquid LN connections which provide a layer of anonymity basically by default.
Schnorr signatures are also likely to increase onchain transaction throughput by another 4x on top of segwit, so there will be lots of transaction fees for miners to collect on both layers.
@_date: 2017-02-12 01:39:54
Segwit basically doubles the on-chain transaction throughput (while facilitating millions of secure off-chain transactions), and schnorr signatures will basically quadruple all of the above - without continuing to increase the cost of running a full node, and without wiping out 40% of the current nodes with a hard fork.
@_date: 2017-02-16 12:00:12
Tumblebit will help reduce on-chain congestion, and that is coming no matter what happens. If segwit gets adopted then the on-chain transaction capacity basically doubles, and ~100x the transactions can be made securely in the LN channels that segwit enables. Then schnorr signatures basically double the on-chain capacity again, which further increases the potential LN capacity. That is 4mb worth of throughput ignoring all of the LN capacity.
If in 3 to 5 years bitcoin needs more capacity than the above mentioned solutions can provide, and none of the many other soft-fork scaling proposals work out (which is a big if), then bitcoin will have acquired and accommodated enough new users, without drastically increasing the cost of running a node, that the network should be more than healthy enough to handle the absolutely necessary hard fork at that time. But a hard fork today would pretty much instantly wipe out ~40% of the network nodes which will put still more demands on those that remain. Some of those ~40% of nodes will also probably be eliminated by the bandwidth costs of segwit, but certainly not all of them. And the other scaling proposals mentioned increase throughput without increasing bandwidth costs.
@_date: 2014-01-17 00:55:21
Mindlessly spending bitcoin does nothing for bitcoin. It's better to save than spend for spending's sake.
If you want bitcoin to function as a mature currency, then produce something that people really want and sell it only for bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-07 06:22:18
Socialist communities or organizations can certainly exist within the scope of voluntarism or libertarianism, but I don't know many socialists who wouldn't be excited about "rich people" being forced to pay for their schooling and healthcare and anything else they decide to call a "human right."
Open source projects, crypto-currencies, cooperatives, etc are all natural creations of capitalism (i.e. free trade with respect for physical property rights).
@_date: 2017-02-11 19:01:35
"Running off to Japan" and making good investments is not Roger's problem. 
I suspect Roger is just extremely stubborn. The same hardheadedness that made him "bitcoin jesus" in the face of lots of opposition from everyday people, is now making him blind to the technical superiority of segwit and LN, and just generally resistant to questioning his position on the matter.
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:40:47
Computer markets are highly deflationary, this does not keep people from buying computers. People need to consume to survive, price deflation just makes said consumption more thoughtful and efficient.
@_date: 2017-02-22 23:11:28


Well, if it is donation based then nodes are still based on altruistic activity. If it is some sort of predetermined system of payments for nodes then it is a new complication in the way the network functions, and where does the money come from?
There is no need to really incentivize new nodes unless you are trying to scale by increasing the cost of operating a node - but if scaling can be done without increasing the cost of node operation then the number of nodes will naturally increase as tech advancements drive costs down. Altruism works fine so long as no one is trying to force the minimum cost of donation through the roof.
@_date: 2017-02-26 05:46:22
Loans are not necessary and consumption is the means by which people survive. 
All real investment comes from real savings - savings is the source of all economic growth.
What you are saying (common sentiment though it may be) is similar to suggesting that people would be better off if someone poked a hole in their gas tank so that the cost of using their car was lower in relation to the cost of parking it. It ignores that the utility of the car is being destroyed in the process.
@_date: 2017-02-22 19:44:16
Okay, with segwit we get what is effectively a doubling of transaction throughput. It does have a network data cost similar to a 2mb hardfork, but it doesn't knock the nearly 40% of old nodes off the network. 
Segwit also enables things like schnorr signatures which basically double the on-chain capacity again *without* increasing the amount of data that needs to be stored and moved by the network - which is not something any hardfork proposal can offer. And this is in addition to all the Lightning Network capacity that not only doesn't impose data costs on users who cannot afford it, but it makes the high volume companies (and miners) who run lightning nodes major assets to the network rather than on-chain hogs.
@_date: 2014-10-04 21:43:56
If there are ten cars and ten keys, handing out more keys or rearranging who has what on their keychain doesn't change the number of cars, it just ensures that at some point someone won't be able to get somewhere they were trying to go. Central banking policy works similarly. 
Money isn't wealth, it's a proxy to, or a representation of wealth. Making it less accurately represent the availability of physical goods can only be destructive.
But your attempt to call me stupid and with an air of politeness has been noted.
@_date: 2017-02-22 18:08:28
What incentives for nodes?
@_date: 2017-02-06 13:49:45
So attacks from government agencies are suddenly off the table? Bitcoin function needs to not only be facilitated by profit seeking activities, but impervious to all outside attacks as well.
And the ability to create a fork at will, not only serves as a particularly destructive and chaotic sort of denial of service for outsiders, it reintroduces the potential for double spend attacks even after someone believes they have 5 confirmations. And that is on top of the fact that larger blocks will reduce the number of network nodes, increase propagation times, and make it easier for powerful miners to create empty blocks and collect the mining subsidy without facilitating transactions.
@_date: 2017-02-13 13:51:10
The existence of solutions like segwit, LN, schnorr signatures, and the one mentioned in the twitter comment above.
Segwit is basically a doubling which also enables LN and millions of in channel transactions. Schnorr signatures multiply the on-chain throughput by 4x on top of segwit, but without increasing the data transfer costs. And any increase of on-chain throughput also increases the number of transactions and connections possible via LN. Segwit + LN also work to balance out the bad incentives that result from the socialized aspects of the primary bitcoin layer, so while they facilitate scaling they more importantly prevent the increasing costs of operating the network from destroying it.
@_date: 2015-05-22 14:28:23
I'm currently running a full node on a 5 year old net book, the change would only require a larger hard drive after another 200gigs are added to the chain. 
A raspberry pi with a $130 external hdd could serve as a full node for many years after the 20mb block change.
@_date: 2015-05-15 16:49:43
That's a pretty story, and I've heard it many times in much more detail, but the reality is that it's all a scheme to nationalize the banks and the private assets of most of the people in the country.
If a business fails, its assets are sold off in bankruptcy to more efficient and financially responsible companies at whatever prices those companies can pay. The resources don't vaporize, they are sold and reallocated by the market rather than by central planners. Preventing that cannot be done except by theft, of which central planning is a form - whether it's legal or not. 
In this case a massive theft took place and they conveniently passed thousands of pages of "emergency" legislation that would allow for a larger theft next time there is trouble, along with the legal structure for the future nationalization of healthcare. It wasn't an accident, anyone who thought so was just duped. At the same time though, I think most of the people involved in this mess truly believe that if they have more power then they can make the world a better place - it's some combination of intelligence and extreme arrogance that actually makes them some sort of functional retard that is unable to question what they think they know. And what makes it worse is that the average person just cheers them on.
I'm not sure that these authors would explain things in the same words that I have, but I highly recommend The Housing Boom and Bust by Thomas Sowell, and Meltdown by Tom Woods. 
@_date: 2017-02-12 03:52:53
Well, yeah. Not only does it decentralize and secure the current second layer(s) - coinbase, bitpay, etc - it actually helps to create incentives that counter any tendencies toward centralization in the primary layer.
@_date: 2014-07-20 08:55:55
Some of us have mostly overcome the brainwashing.
It's tough though, 12 years of praying to the flag every morning, plus what people get at the beginning of every game as sports fans, and all the insane propaganda about how fucking free we are, and how fucking big our military dick is, and how we have so mightily waved it around to save the world... You would think you lived at the center of the universe too if you grew up with that. In fact most of the time, objections to American rhetoric come not because it is simply insane religious babble, but because it simply isn't the particular form of religious babble preferred by the person who objects. If the objection is just "what about my country" then that person is just as much a part of the problem.
@_date: 2015-05-15 05:56:41
The big banks failed too. The whole mess was planned and structured so that a few would be bailed out and their competition would be handed to them on a golden platter. 
It benefits both the government and the big banks to eliminate the little guys. And they used the crisis to pass the finreg legislation which allows bank bail-ins the next time around and government seizure of retirement plans to "protect" everyone's investments. But you'll probably say it is all a benefit to the taxpayers next time around too, so I don't know why I'm wasting my time.
@_date: 2017-02-06 13:00:44


I think you have no idea what you are saying. From what I can tell, only a fixed block size or predetermined block size schedule can prevent all the orphaned chains and empty blocks that BU makes very likely.


They most certainly can. Increasing miner ability to game the network to collect the subsidy rather than actually contribute to transaction processing cannot be good for the network.


Well, why don't we just go ahead and give miners the ability to increase the supply of bitcoin too? That is a feature that would be beneficial to selfish users... The point of a free market or a free enterprise system is to turn self interest into a positive thing - to make helping others the only way for people to improve their own lot. BU makes it possible for people to get rich off of bitcoin while harming others and ultimately damaging the network.
@_date: 2017-02-23 14:23:52
Read the release notes for yourself.
And implementation is not up to core, it's up to the network. If core was not providing updates, that would be stagnation.
 
@_date: 2017-02-26 05:14:27


@_date: 2017-02-25 16:30:01
Well, if you have a many times the number of devs working on one path with many upgrades ready into the future because the roadmap has been made clear. And a group that is a fraction of the size wants to change all that and complicate things by introducing new variables and blocking the current path of development, what would you call that?
@_date: 2017-02-06 20:58:04
Core has plans for both.
The order in which these things happen is not irrelevant though.
@_date: 2017-02-26 16:15:29
It currently requires ~200 GB of monthly data transfer to run a full node - what little can be done by an individual node operator to change this mostly just shifts the burden on to other nodes. Data transfer is the main concern, not the long term storage. Segwit is basically equal to a block increase in terms of data transfer, but it enables scaling efforts which do not increase data transfer costs. I am in NC right outside of a college town and yet my cable company still has unadvertised data caps that prevent me from running a full node - bitcoin is global, and most needed in third world countries. Significantly increasing the data costs of network operation centralizes bitcoin and limits it to the parts of the world where it is really the least useful. 
Flexible transactions is interesting. The problem is that, not only is flex not really even on the table (our options look seem to be segwit or BU, of which segwit is seriously the only intelligent choice), but it comes with all the problems caused by a hard fork - i.e. more than a third of the network being wiped out. If someone was pushing that instead of a mechanism for miners to attack each other with bigger blocks (BU) then I'd be more interested.
There are equilibriums when forces are balanced within a system, the mining subsidy and the socialization of costs across nodes destroys any hope of balance within bitcoin when it comes to a variable block size. There is a tragedy of the commons sort of problem within the bitcoin network. The LN actually works to counterbalance this problem by making high volume businesses and users who would otherwise be blockchain hogs into LN assets. Businesses can scale via LN nodes without imposing costs on others in the network. 
Hoping that the possibility a block could be orphaned or that empty blocks can be created will restrain the tendency to produce blocks that are too large is a terrible mechanism for limiting blocksize - orphaned blocks hurt users just as much as the miners who create them. There is much more uncertainty and technically far longer transaction times if a transaction can suddenly become unconfirmed even after showing 2 or 3 confirmations. The very miners who produce the large blocks have an incentive to immediately then produce a bunch of empty blocks (while their large block slowly propagates) to make their chain longest and collect more of the mining subsidy. The more large blocks they create the more they push nodes off the network do to increased bandwidth costs, the slower things propagate and better they are able to create empty blocks while the network catches up. The more they do this, the more their profits grow at the expense of smaller miners.
Schnorr signatures actually increase throughput by only about a third, but the how is discussed here: 
@_date: 2017-02-10 21:37:16
~200gb a month
With segwit or a block doubling it would be ~400gb, but with schnorr signatures on top of segwit (planned for later), that same ~400gb will process ~4x the transaction throughput, which will potentially also facilitate ~4x the LN channels.
@_date: 2015-05-15 05:48:58
It would have taken a lot less than 2 trillion to save the depositors and allow the over leveraged banks, that basically created the mess, to fail. And those same depositors paid for it all in taxes anyway, so they haven't been saved from the banks except in nominal terms which is meaningless.
The problem is that the banks and government have a mutually assured destruction sort of arrangement, politicians like their power, and banks like free money. So the problem will never be solved politically.
@_date: 2017-02-21 19:16:33
Segwit is available right now, and LN channels can be put to use by many large players almost immediately, making a lot more space for new transactions. 
Why the hell would anyone suggest a hard fork before implementing the capacity increase that is already on the table? And schnorr signatures will then further increase capacity without burdening the network with increased data costs or requiring a hard fork which kills a bunch of nodes. 
Why hard fork until we know it is really necessary, with some actual plan to prevent the need to ever hard fork again?
@_date: 2017-02-06 15:18:53
I agree, block-sizes may eventually need to be larger, but I disagree completely that now is the time for a hard fork. 
If we maintain relatively small blocks and scale as much as possible via making those blocks more efficient, and increasing the throughput as much as possible, then the number of nodes can grow and the network becomes much more robust. *Then* a hard-fork is has less risk of harming network function and security, and it is less arbitrary because the community actually has some idea of how large blocks need to be to facilitate the layers which are actual scaling solutions. 
A hardfork now is completely arbitrary. No one knows how large blocks really need to be, there is a complete lack of information about the reality of future demand for blockchain space without a functional second layer - wiping out ~40% of the current nodes over a guess at future needs is not a great idea.
@_date: 2015-05-15 02:37:55
Correction: deposit insurance hasn't kicked in because 2 trillion in tax payer funded bailouts were handed to the largest banks to both save them from bankruptcy, and to help them buy up their struggling competitors via the FDIC.
@_date: 2017-02-25 16:18:11
BU is a horrible proposal, it creates a mechanism by which large miners can control more and more of the network and gain more of the mining subsidy by pushing for blocksizes that large portions of the rest of the network cannot handle in terms of data costs. And the only way for other miners to compete is to try to mine empty blocks which does nothing good for the network, and due to the slower propagation times of larger blocks (which the decreasing number of nodes would magnify) the larger miners are better able to find empty blocks between their big blocks too. BU isn't just a blocksize increase, it makes a mess of the whole network. There is nothing good about it.
There are many times the number of people working on core and who have come up with improvements that depend on segwit. Segwit doesn't need a hard fork and it isn't better as a hardfork. And there is nothing good about a hardfork - why do you want to destroy more than a third of the network? What good would that do?
If traffic congestion is such a problem, then segwit is a solution available right now, and it enables schnorr signatures which would get us close to 4mb worth of throughput without increasing the data transfer costs, and it enables lightning networks which are likely to improve transaction processing by 100x.
The tragedy of the commons problem within bitcoin basically requires that blocksizes be predetermined as far as miners are concerned. Anyone using bitcoin can build as large a LN node as they want without being anything but an asset to the network, but any player pushing for larger blocks can impose costs on the rest of the network and that is not a sustainable way for the network to function.
@_date: 2015-05-21 07:49:27
Cutting sugar out of my diet made me sick (search carb flu) and very tired for about a week and the cravings were insane. But it was the best thing I have ever done - I lost that little bit of weight that I could never seem to work off while spending less time in the gym, I have a much greater awareness of my body and how I am feeling, I appreciate the taste of things in ways that I couldn't before - people don't realize it, but sugar just kinda makes us numb in a lot of ways.
See and @_date: 2017-02-22 20:45:24
It makes the blocksize debate a permanent part of the bitcoin ecosystem. It makes orphaned blocks significantly more likely - transactions with as many as 4 or 5 confirmations could suddenly become unconfirmed. It allows large miners to push the block size higher which allows them to collect more of the mining subsidy by both pushing those with limited bandwidth out and increasing the time for blocks to propagate which makes gaming the network easier and centralization basically inevitable.
In no way does BU attempt to deal with the tragedy of the commons problem that exists within the bitcoin network, it only magnifies it. BU doesn't make scaling any less linear, it depends completely on network tech improvements for scaling - which gives the current financial system a huge advantage if and when hey enter the space. It does nothing to decentralize the current KYC/AML compliant second layer that is coinbase and bitpay and others. And it doesn't facilitate upgrades like schnorr signatures which will basically double transaction throughput without increasing data transfer costs.
@_date: 2017-02-06 02:05:09
The last thing we want is a significant increase in orphaned blocks and multiple new attack vectors.
@_date: 2017-02-19 23:51:20
Businesses and gambling websites and exchanges will all probably be LN hubs, but miners definitely make as much or more sense as the rest.
LN turns the entities with the largest blockchain foot prints into network assets rather than network hogs, and it removes network participants with limited resources as a restriction on the growth of any business or organization without any exclusion. It is very clever.
@_date: 2017-02-26 06:24:28
I'm sorry if I wasn't clear, I am fully aware that segwit is equal to a block size increase in terms of data transfer - I think it was my next sentence that covered that. I was saying that segwit facilitates things that themselves improve scaling without increasing data transfer costs.
Edit: I had somehow missed any discussion of extension blocks, thanks for that!
@_date: 2014-09-22 03:01:10
No, you'd be stupid to murder someone for no return. That's often the problem with people who come up with these silly scenarios, they assume there isn't risk to murdering someone. Most muggers are betting that people will simply submit to their threat, and that they won't have to risk firing a shot or creating a bloody mess and attracting lots of attention.
@_date: 2017-02-26 05:52:55
Right, which is the whole reason for segwit in the first place - it facilitates all sorts of scaling without increasing data transfer costs. The data that segwit itself adds is not enough to be significantly detrimental to the network, especially since people who don't upgrade won't be kicked off.
@_date: 2017-02-06 21:01:18
You could possibly make that argument if BU was a simple blocksize increase - it isn't.
@_date: 2017-02-23 14:36:13
BU is the one pushing things that would benefit legacy banking. It preserves the current custodial second layer, it throws any little guy participating in the network under the bus in favor of players with large bandwidth connections, it opens the network up to new attacks... Mike Hearn was actually working for the banks while developing a bigger blocks hard fork. 
Please explain how the core proposals do anything but decentralize and secure bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-19 22:36:15
Supply and demand - if more people are selling than buying as a result of some new government threat in some place where lots of people have bitcoin then the price will drop.
@_date: 2014-10-04 23:56:47
I'm sure we would disagree on who the world's foremost economists are, but that doesn't really matter.
I'm saying central bank monetary policy creates the very thing it claims to fight, just like nearly every other government policy.
If all the famous "experts" told you that the sun revolved around the earth it wouldn't make it any more true. It doesn't matter who believes what. The fallacy you are making is called an appeal to authority. 
But yes, I'm telling you the authority figures you so admire are very wrong.
@_date: 2017-02-04 14:42:22
If we start talking about bitcoin in less than 1 values then people will figure it out. Doesn't changing the denomination to mBTC just kinda maintain the ignorance that fractions of bitcoin cannot be purchased?
@_date: 2017-02-26 13:58:00
There are like 6 or more competing implementations of Lightning Network tech - Blockstream in no way has a monopoly on any of this, stop being fucking thick headed and try to look at the actual incentives at work within bitcoin. Try to understand the choices made before judging. The core devs, who are actually a group of people many times the size of the BU devs, have written extensively on why they have made the particular choices they have. It might make sense to look into some of their more technical writings.
BU actually does far more to serve any custodial or KYC/AML bank like institution than anything in the core plan. LN channels will make it so I don't ever have to give anyone control of my bitcoin for any service, that should remove the need for KYC compliance completely. Onion routing is built in. The LN makes blockchain analysis for government tax collection purposes completely worthless. It also allows scaling to happen without imposing costs on others in the network, it is exactly what bitcoin needs.
A free market is only free if I can build my house and live my life without imposing all sorts of costs on you and vice versa. The bitcoin network functions nothing like a free market because most straight forward attempts at on-chain scaling impose costs on others within the network, and running a node is already mostly an altruistic endeavor. People who try to conserve block space do not get to reap the benefits of lower cost node operation - this is a tragedy of the commons sort of problem.
Increasing the blocksize is like increasing the minimum allowable seed rate for anyone who wants to seed while having no limit on the number of leechers - the more you up the block size, the more burden is placed on seeders. Greater burdens mean more seeders give up and become leechers which is a snowballing sort of problem.
@_date: 2017-02-19 20:51:39
Governments primarily derive their power via inflation - a currency with a fixed long term supply will eventually make any cashless system that can be arbitrarily inflated (which is the point of going cashless in the first place) completely worthless and obsolete. And bitcoin has plenty of anonymity in the works with segwit+LN and tumble-bit and other efforts.
No intelligent person trying to tax and manipulate the world via inflation would create a way to easily escape said inflation - an easy exit makes their fraud glaringly obvious. Getting rid of cash is an effort to avoid bank runs and tax avoidance as inflation and the burdens of government increase. Again, I don't think you have any idea what you are talking about.
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:42:41
Any aggressive force in general. The first step is never genocide. 
@_date: 2017-02-02 17:53:50
I think all the bullshit about changing the denomination makes bitcoin far more confusing than just allowing people to get used to dealing with the decimal amounts.
Shapeshift (which is a wonderful service) recommends a $100+ bitcoin transaction fee (unless they've changed it) because they have BTC beside what I can only assume is a mBTC figure.
It just isn't that complicated to leave the fucking decimal alone and talk about things in terms of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-26 05:12:50
Segwit enables many other upgrades that significantly increase transaction throughput. 
The most notable is the Lightning Network can facilitate 100s or even 1000s of instant transactions for just 2 on-chain transactions. 
Segwit also enables Schnorr signatures which represent another doubling of the on-chain capacity, and there are others like tumble-bit and maybe something called lumino which either depend on or are made more efficient with segwit.
@_date: 2014-05-18 17:00:57
If an organization only existed because of its ability to impose capital controls, and suddenly this form of capital emerged that couldn't be controlled by design, what might that mean for the organization? 
Would the nature of that uncontrollable form of capital not be inherently anti 'capital controls' and thus anti 'capital control dependent organizations'?
Edit: clarity 
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:21:55
"We need" to stop allowing organizations funded by theft to even exist, much less claim to adjudicate anything.
@_date: 2015-05-18 19:58:48
Law makers/enforcers are paid from a pool of stolen money, and from their ability to leverage their future plans to steal money, so there is no mechanism to enforce any "law" that limits those practices, and they have zero incentive to obey such laws.
@_date: 2017-02-26 05:17:12
Yeah, it would not be good for bitcoin, but there are some who think otherwise.
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:11:52
Actually BU - like any hard fork - will wipe out a large portion of the nodes, it magnifies all the bad incentives and tragedy of the commons problems that are currently troublesome for the bitcoin network, it does nothing to address the problem of growing data transfer costs, it gives larger miners more power over smaller miners, it does nothing to make bitcoin transactions faster or more coffee purchase friendly, and it doesn't improve scaling in anything but a linear fashion - it is a terrible direction for bitcoin to take. 
It is not about improving bitcoin, but simply moving control of development into the hands of a much smaller group of people.
@_date: 2017-02-07 14:37:56
For the most part, sustainable UBI is economically impossible, but the freedom to consume things is certainly a good thing.
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:18:23
The organization that steals from everyone, spies on everyone, and murders anyone that gets in the way isn't the underbelly of society?
@_date: 2017-02-23 02:32:58
Lol, so you want to charge people to become network nodes, good plan bro.
@_date: 2017-02-24 18:54:46
Depending on how you define stupid, this is probably true. From what I can tell Hitler truly believed he was saving the world from bad genes based on "the most advanced science."
IMO authoritarians who righteously believe in their own horrible actions are much scarier than just some amoral Machiavellian opportunist. The Hitler type does terrible things to people and they feel good and are proud of it.
This is why it is important to always be wary of any person or group who truly believes they are saving the world from certain disaster.
@_date: 2017-02-07 14:34:43
No, he supported a negative income tax as a means of reforming the welfare system, but he wasn't really in favor of any of it. He also proposed school vouchers so that people would have a choice of where they go to school that wasn't legally determined by where they could afford to live, but he preferred an actual free market for education to vouchers too, he was just the sort that tried to work with what was in front of him.
@_date: 2017-02-01 16:09:05
What sort of "planning" is going to prevent larger blocks and a hard fork from reducing the number of nodes?
@_date: 2017-02-07 14:29:01
Lol, you troll like Trump and Milo
@_date: 2015-05-15 02:40:12
The money used to save the large banks and help them buy their smaller competitors via the FDIC was taxpayer funded bailout money.
@_date: 2016-01-26 07:34:10
Care to explain that?
@_date: 2016-03-28 12:20:28
Privacy does only stand in the way... of the tyranny of thugs and political overlords.
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:21:30
Correction: Thanks to unsustainable government practices there are massive misallocations of resources that must be corrected in order for the economy to recover. And because of burdensome fees, licenses, permissions, and government regulation people aren't free to start businesses and innovate in ways that allow the economy to quickly correct for the misallocations created by years and years of bad government policies. 
Sound money like bitcoin would have prevented the misallocations from ever occurring. 
@_date: 2017-02-07 05:22:38
Yeah, but if you visit the libertarian subreddit these days it's full of socialists, and Gary Johnson and Bill Weld aren't libertarian either - so she isn't wrong.
@_date: 2017-02-07 15:04:15
Maybe try actually looking up the broken window fallacy... just because money doesn't disappear doesn't mean that there isn't a significant cost to shuffling it around in coercive, win/lose, authority/subject relationships.
It is the wealth produced by win/win trades that gives money value.
And on top of introducing lots of win/lose transactions, the government also devalues paper currency via spending, which makes things even worse. I am not telling you that your facts are wrong, I am telling you that the narrative you have constructed around said facts is wrong. You are taking way too much for granted.
@_date: 2016-03-23 19:06:21
Because the "fraud" was required by law. Banks were forced to hold a portfolio of bad loans, and the government sponsored banks were buying them with no real end in sight - you can create a market for any sort of trash asset if you threaten and harass people who won't buy them and can just endlessly throw money at people who have them.
If you want to understand the whole mess I highly recommend reading:
The Housing Boom and Bust by Thomas Sowell 
Meltdown by Tom Woods
Edit: downvote all you want, but it won't change reality. Look up the American Dream act, the stated goals of HUD, the CRA, and go read about how Fannie and Freddie were buying all the mortgage backed derivatives. It was all right out in the open - there is literally c-span video of politicians calling for the creation of a housing bubble in the late nineties and early naughties. I'm sure a few big banks convinced the right politicians and helped orchestrate the whole mess, but it could not have happened if the government hadn't have passed and enforced the laws that created the whole mess.
@_date: 2014-07-24 21:06:55
Aside from having to move away from where you happen to be born and everyone you know, and possibly learn a new language, governments don't allow people to just move freely. You have to get permission and pay fees, and you *can* be denied. Without renouncing one's US citizenship said person would still be required to send tax revenue back to the US or be deemed a criminal. And you can't renounce your citizenship for tax reasons. You also cannot choose no government. It's like telling a slave that he can be a slave on any plantation he wants, as long as he asks permission, and generates additional income for both plantations.
Changing currencies is simple and using no currency is simple. I get free personal training because I fix my trainer's car and computer.
@_date: 2016-03-20 19:56:02
Prevent bitcoin from doing much in the way of scaling on chain so that they can potentially be the facilitators of Bitcoin lightning networks and side chain transactions. In the long run it won't matter though. 
The key thing about Bitcoin and other cryptos is that they prevent arbitrary inflation and credit expansion. Those things are the heart of government/central bank power and commercial banking subsidies.
The future of money is much more decentralized (and better for the little guy) no matter what happens.
@_date: 2016-03-09 19:14:32
From their description sounds like they plan to use payment channels.
@_date: 2016-03-09 18:52:23














It's a way to better reward content you enjoy and not spammy websites that create accidental clicks. It also gives individuals financial incentives to view ads and generate revenue for content providers.
@_date: 2016-01-27 02:04:16
If by "new rules" you mean larger blocks, a scaling schedule, and extreme thin block propagation, then yes.
XT blocks are flagged as such and when 750 of 1000 blocks are XT blocks, and then two weeks later the new rules are adopted. But for 750 of 1000 blocks to be mined there has to be roughly a 75% consensus among miners to increase the block size and update everything.
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:33:56
CIA has three letters, God has three letters. Can't be a coincidence! 
@_date: 2017-02-12 03:00:44
The thing is, that the infinite block size efforts will actually sacrifice much more in the way of decentralization than any layered and competitive efforts will.
@_date: 2017-02-23 22:45:07
My last ~20 bitcoin transactions have involved either Coinbase, Bitpay or Shapeshift. Assuming someone else who uses Bitpay also uses Coinbase and Shapeshift, or that these companies might have channels open between them, my having a LN channel open with bitpay could have reduced all of that to two transactions.
Coinbase and bitpay and others all currently have to be KYC compliant, removing custodial control of coins via locked channels for some aspects of these and other services would actually reduce the need for them to "know their customers." If coinbase and bitpay don't change their policies for customers whose bitcoin they don't actually ever hold, then that opens the door for competition in the space. 
And anyone can run LN software - miners and mining pools will also likely benefit greatly from LN channels when it comes to making payouts. How does operating an LN node make it possible for the government to enforce KYC/AML regs? This is like saying people running full nodes will have to register with the government, there is just no basis for such a claim at all, and even such a requirement was written into law it would be impossible to enforce.
@_date: 2017-02-25 19:06:56


Not really. If the structure of the underlying network is compromised then it is very difficult if not impossible to undo that.
With one approach nothing much changes about the underlying bitcoin protocol and the main layer remains decentralized and secure. Most experimentation can be undone or changed. 
With BU the primary layer function of bitcoin is drastically changed, seemingly without any concern for how this change will mix with the current incentive structure inside the network. When these things fuel greater centralization, how does one undo that?
Edit: a word
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:29:24
So long as BU miners aren't producing blocks larger than 1mb then they remain part of the network. If they start mining larger blocks they will get orphaned.
@_date: 2014-04-23 05:20:47
The US is in a serious government created economic depression. They have hidden the bread lines with EBT and their money manipulation has nominally pumped up the stock market, but it won't last forever.
@_date: 2017-03-09 17:01:00
1) the maximum number of inputs with a 1mb block produces a validation time of like 30seconds. With 2mb blocks it could be as much as 14minutes. With 4mb blocks, hours. Segwit, changes the validation from quadratic to linear. So basically segwit is needed for bigger blocks.
2) this is a perfect example of how demand for blockspace is unbounded. You want the blockchain and the bitcoin network to scale your business for you so that you don't have to roll your own solution. While that is certainly understandable it still makes you a hog in a tragedy of the commons situation. I imagine a side chain or extension blocks might be where you will eventually want to do things like this. But either way segwit facilitates a greater amount of scaling in what are actually sustainable ways. Getting people off-chain who need instant transactions while doubling the transaction capacity is a good thing even if this doesn't apply to you.
Segwit facilitates the addition of schnorr signatures and tumblebit which make tumblers in their current form which are expensive, unsafe, and require lots of on-chain transactions obsolete. If I am not mistaken these things make tumbling and mixing suddenly require a lot less blockspace and are a lot safer and cheaper to do. Just because none of the things I have discussed specifically solve your problem, that doesn't mean they won't be good at freeing up blockspace for you.
And I would not totally rule out the idea that LN might work for you. LN channels are just multisig addresses. All of the info needed to make a blockchain tx is exchanged in every LN transfer, so it is possible that you could store the info from these transactions as a receipt and so could the person buying your stuff. Idk, I'm just saying none of this hurts anything you are doing.
3) No, a BU hardfork does that. With segwit people can refuse to upgrade and continue making and validating transactions exactly the way they are now. They just cannot make use of new features or verify said new features. With BU it is either upgrade or stop using bitcoin - there is no way to keep running the same software and still be a part of the network.
4) the mtgox, bitfinex, silk road, and many other hacks would not have harmed users using LN channels with those services had they existed. If you don't see that more hacks and thefts are inevitable and that it is important to protect against those things then idk what to tell you. The need for custodial services when it comes to money needs to be eliminated or at least drastically reduced if we want to make the world a better place.
5) the number of nodes in a decentralized network is representative of a major aspect of security and robustness. It is very much akin to the number of seeders in a file sharing network. More is better.
6) 100+ devs have been pounding on segwit and different LN implementations for well over a year now. Bugs are inevitable in any software, but they are quite obviously far less likely in segwit than BU based on the amount of testing done and eyes on the projects. And if you are worried about bugs then you don't have to update to take advantage of segwit. People who don't update in the event of a BU hard fork are excluded - everyone would be subject to BU bugs whether they liked it or not. Segwit is an option.
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:08:57
I seriously think an update like BU which magnifies the incentives toward centralization (while segwit counters such incentives) could kill bitcoin. If it looked like BU was going to be the way forward I would make a serious move toward greater diversification and I would put my money in whatever coin or fork that looked like it would get segwit+LN. 
@_date: 2017-03-09 17:12:06
BU makes the blocksize debate a permanent feature of bitcoin. Miners and users interests are not entirely aligned and there are people who benefit from larger blocks at the expense of others. Allowing a portion of the community to push the rest into larger blocks and potentially exclude some in the process on an ongoing basis is not a way to eliminate the controversy over blocksize.  
@_date: 2017-03-07 17:21:52
And yet today he is promoting a direction for bitcoin that maintains the current bank like custodial services as a necessary second layer.
@_date: 2017-03-17 16:55:35
The capacity increase was a side benefit of what are basically all security upgrades. It should be listed as such. And schnorr signatures increase the capacity by another 40%.
Tumblebit also increases onchain capacity, but the purpose is to improve anonymity, so no one is spending a whole lot of time talking about the capacity it adds because it's a side benefit.
Bi-directional/Lightning channels are the primary capacity improvement that can be made if segwit is adopted, and they will be put to use immediately by some of the largest players in the space and LN routing will be rolled out slower as wallets start integrating it all. Not only does this enable thousands more transactions, but it makes them instant and removes much of the need for custodial services that can lose your bitcoin.
And segwit also makes side chains much more viable - which means bitcoin can have small blocks, big blocks, faster block times, and things like mimble-wimble all at the same time. BU as a merge mined side chain would make perfect sense, people could move in and out of the bigger block lower fee portion of the network without splitting bitcoin, without forcing anything on those who are unsure, without kicking anyone off the network, and without subjecting the whole network to poorly built and untested code.
@_date: 2016-01-26 18:37:06
750 out of 1000 blocks have to be XT blocks, and then there is a two week grace period before the actual upgrade.
I don't think anyone is going to get lucky enough to create 75% of 1000 blocks without 75% of the mining power, or something really close to that. That's a pretty solid consensus if you ask me.
@_date: 2017-02-27 00:21:51
There is a tragedy of the commons sort of problem within bitcoin. The costs of operating the network is socialized across all nodes and then miners are subsidized via inflation. 
This means the people who try to conserve block space do not get to reap the benefits of their efforts with faster transactions, their efforts simply feed the people who are hogging space on the blockchain. Large businesses have a tendency to see small nodes as a restriction and small nodes see the on-chain activity of large businesses as spam.
At the same time some of the large miners want larger blocks because with slower propagation times they are able to mine empty blocks before their large block even finishes making its way through the network - this makes their ROI slightly higher than that of smaller miners and the reduced profitability will push some off the network, further increasing the profitability of a few.
While that is happening the increased data costs for node operation (due to increasing blocksize) pushes more and more nodes off the network exacerbating the problem of slow block propagation and further feeding the large miners who are gaming the network.
In other words, giving miners the power to push the block size larger is very likely to lead to centralization.
On the other hand, with segwit, LN nodes allow large businesses to scale without imposing costs on smaller nodes, and even better those who were formerly "hogs" become LN assets. And the limit on blocksize prevents a few miners from pushing anyone out and the increasing robustness of the network as the cost of node operation drops with improvements in blockchain and networking technology will lead to propagation times that basically prevent any empty blocks or gaming of the network for the mining subsidy.
The LN also potentially makes it possible to receive certain services from exchanges and payment processors without actually handing over your bitcoin. If they aren't actually custodians of your coins then there is no need for KYC/AML compliance.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:55:15
And yet, a majority consensus is needed for there to be a fork to XT, no?
@_date: 2017-03-10 23:44:54
Actually, core devs show a clear understanding of the incentives at work within bitcoin and segwit seems to address almost all of the scaling obstacles really well.
A large part of the health and strength of any decentralized network is the number of seeders or full nodes. Efforts to increase capacity without concern for the number of nodes are bound to eventually be counter productive. 
BU seems to address none of the actual problems and only magnify them. It's like every noob car enthusiast who wants to slap on a bigger carburetor in hopes of going faster - things just don't work that way.
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:12:26
All the capable people would have to die before any destruction of the internet could be a permanent thing - and no internet means the legacy banking system doesn't work either. New networking efforts would begin immediately in the event of a major internet destroying catastrophe. 
@_date: 2017-03-01 03:23:05
A hard fork is a protocol upgrade that isn't backwards compatible, so anyone who fails to upgrade is no longer a part of the network. Soft-forks allow a smoother transition to new software and don't risk splitting the network.
Good debate on segwit vs bu:
@_date: 2017-03-01 16:27:20
I stopped running my bitcoin node specifically because, as blocks got full my ISP started bitching at me for going over their unadvertised data cap. I'd still be running it if not for the data transfer costs. I may spin one up on digital ocean at some point, but actually paying to run a node is a whole different level of contribution to the network, running one on an old laptop was easy and basically free.
@_date: 2017-03-31 17:08:17
As the block sizes rose before hitting the 1mb limit, the number of nodes steadily fell. 
The full node count did not begin to tick up again until blocks were completely full and unable to grow in size. While the block sizes peaked, the core devs also succeeded in reducing the cost and inconvenience of running a node by drastically improving sync times, among other things.
The node count is the health of any decentralized network. All of the important features of bitcoin hinge on the network remaining decentralized.
Aside from massively increasing the node cost for only linear scaling, there are other major problems with BU. They have no fix for the quadratic hash validation problem which makes it possible for someone to create an attack block or series of transactions with lots of inputs that take more than 10 minutes (possibly hours at 8mb blocks) to validate. 
They have no malleability fix which means many new anonymity features and instant payments remain clunky or impossible.
The way that BU increases block sizes without 100% agreement creates forks and orphaned chains which makes transactions with even multiple confirmations less secure.
The whole idea of blocks being full as a problem is problematic itself, because it creates fuel for ratcheting up the blocksize under BU's new rules. Because when blocks aren't full there are basically no fees to prevent people from spamming the network and filling up blocks. So if "full blocks" are a problem, then people come to expect free or nearly free transactions, which means they want the network to always bear the cost of scaling their business. It's a tragedy of the commons problem which can only be fixed by allowing node costs to diverge.
Node costs can only diverge in a system like bitcoin with modular scaling solutions. LN nodes, sidechains, drivechains, extension blocks, etc.
@_date: 2014-01-25 10:36:42
Yeah it's like there is a lot of tension that builds up when the market can't decide which way things are supposed to move, and then when there is enough tension and a proper catalyst, it moves big.
@_date: 2017-03-27 04:49:49
Sure, still doesn't make processing faster - maybe cheaper for the block-space hogs in the network, but more expensive for the low volume hodlers who are helping to secure the network with a node, and create the most value in bitcoin by saving.
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:15:36
I'm not sure what you mean... are you asking why don't they just fork and go their own way?
@_date: 2017-02-19 22:08:28
I am a big supporter of Segwit and Tumble-bit and Lightning Networks and the potential integration of things like Mimble-Wimble, but all the talk of the magical things that Lumino can do with no actual explanations of what it is or how it works makes it sound very scammy.
@_date: 2017-02-07 14:39:42
This line of reasoning is called the broken window fallacy.
@_date: 2016-03-21 15:29:16
My average cost per Bitcoin is about $5 or $6, and I pay my rent in cash.
@_date: 2017-03-31 23:55:18
Yeah he really does. And unfortunately repeating simple talking points is a fairly common and successful tactic.
@_date: 2017-02-06 13:05:09
Segwit is a real solution, and there are future proposals that promise to cram four times as much transaction throughput into the same 1mb blocks. Bitcoin doesn't need larger blocks it just needs greater transaction throughput, which it will get.
@_date: 2017-03-07 18:43:18
But with things like extension blocks enabled by segwit, there is no need to ever hardfork. Everyone can get what they want if we just activate segwit. 
If the doubling of capacity and then some (with schnorr and other things) isn't enough, then the BU devs can immediately go to work on extension blocks if they want to see larger blocks being mined. 
And no one has to be kicked off the network.
@_date: 2017-02-23 19:33:32
I have a hard time knowing what to think about Ethereum because the direction of the coin itself seems so arbitrary and uncertain. The supply is much less limited, and it might become proof of stake at some point...? 
I do like Shapeshift as a service and from what I understand they are using Ethereum to somehow manage their transactions, so the fact that it has real world uses is a positive, but the fundamentals of Bitcoin and Litecoin are much more straight forward IMO. Litecoin's potential drawbacks are actually what big block supporters might consider its strengths, but data transfer costs can potentially remain limited if they pose problems to the network if there are LN channels to absorb any potential increase in transactions.  
@_date: 2017-03-09 04:20:53
Segwit enables far more scaling in a far more sustainable way than BU, I think anyone suggesting otherwise just generally doesn't know what they are talking about.
@_date: 2017-03-28 04:31:35
Put every issue on a ballot and people would still vote to impose costs on others in the hopes of getting things for free.
@_date: 2017-03-09 18:55:58
There is not a predetermined cost to being an LN node.
If I have a a few hundred $ worth of bitcoin in two channels with different people then I become an LN node.
The more connections and more money I have the more valuable I become to the Lightning Network, and the more bandwidth I need to have, but there is nothing pressuring me to be larger or smaller apart from the business connections I find useful.
And if a second layer ever becomes too centralized or insecure, it doesn't destroy the primary bitcoin network, or bitcoin as a store of value. If primary layer bitcoin becomes too centralized there is no going back.
LN is also far more decentralized and secure than the current custodial second layer companies - coinbase, bitpay, exchanges, etc
@_date: 2017-03-29 18:57:04
Blocking segwit by supporting BU right now is allowing the miners to collect ~$300k in extra fees per day.
Forking to BU would allow a few to impose costs on others and eventually control enough of the network that fees would be irrelevant.
@_date: 2016-03-20 20:11:50
My savings is in cryptocurrencies that I control; I currently have no bank account and I don't really need one. It's not hyperbole. 
Governments and central banks can't survive in anything like their current forms without significant amounts of inflation - this is why they always abandon gold standards and attack competitive private money.
@_date: 2017-03-09 07:25:41
Here are some of the problems with BU and the reasons to support segwit as I understand them.
1) there is a quadratic hash validation function that causes larger blocks to take exponentially longer to validate. If the blocksize cap is raised, even modestly, it becomes possible for a miner to create an "attack block" that takes the network longer than 10 minutes to validate. Segwit fixes this, BU doesn't. 
With the way BU works, this vulnerability could make it possible for a small group of miners to constantly push the blocksize higher. There is also an much larger likelihood of selfish mining, and a higher risk of orphaned blocks/chains. Basically the blocksize debate becomes an endless problem that is a threat to network function, with a serious tendency toward centralization.
2) If I conserve blockspace by limiting my transactions, I do not get to later reap the benefits of my efforts in lower fees. My efforts just benefit those who are hogging the blockspace right now - this is a tragedy of the commons sort of problem.
Savers and low volume users are very likely more valuable in the space than say a casino that creates a mountain of onchain transactions. So pushing for larger blocks so that a casino can use the network to scale their business and attract a bunch of people more interested in gambling than saving - while at the same time making it more expensive for the average hodler to run a node or use bitcoin is problematic. Obviously we want as many people as possible to use bitcoin (and I have nothing against gambling), but the potential to reward some users at the expense of others should be a concern. 
With segwit the number of on-chain transactions is doubled and can be further increased in a myriad of ways that also improve privacy and fungibility. More importantly the LN allows large volume players to scale their business by running LN nodes without imposing costs on anyone else, which transforms them into valuable network assets rather than just blockchain hogs. A large LN node can ease the demand for blockspace while also improving privacy and fungibility.  
3) adding another participant to the bitcoin space comes with a cost, that cost can either be borne by the new participant in the event that they run a full node, or it can be borne by others in the event that they choose a lite client. Increasing the cost of full node operation with the goal of attracting new participants is like increasing the minimum seed rate in a file sharing network with no restriction on the number of leechers and expecting the network to function better.
4) there is already a 2nd layer to the bitcoin space that currently consists of a bunch of custodial KYC/AML compliant companies - Lightning channels reduce the need for these custodial relationships, reduce the need for trust, and actually decentralize the 2nd layer. Scaling via blocksize alone does nothing to facilitate instant transactions or decentralize the second layer.
5) a hard fork will wipe out roughly a third of the full nodes on the network before we even see the impact of the increased data transfer costs. Segwit makes it possible for all nodes to remain, and it makes the network transition to new software a much smoother process. It allows for differentiation in the size and cost of full node operation, not only can old nodes remain, but those who believe larger blocks are the best way to scale could mine and validate extension blocks of any size they'd like. This and the LN are the exact sort of things necessary to solve the socialized node problem which is the source of the tragedy of the commons mentioned above.
6) segwit has been extremely well tested and has the attention and support of well over a hundred developers both directly, and in the form of outside wallets and services. BU has about 8 developers, has not been well tested, and has almost zero support from any outside wallets and services.
Edit: fixed a word, added some more.
@_date: 2017-03-29 19:00:32
If they HF they will control more than half of the hash power on the new chain.
@_date: 2017-03-31 18:25:51
Maybe it requires mentally separating the cost of housing from land and proximity to things, neither of which really apply to bitcoin, then maybe it would be clearer. 
If living space exists in a vacuum of sorts (spaceships?), then so long as there is no rule that says if you build a bigger house then I have to build a bigger house, then your efforts to scale your living space doesn't really harm me. It's mostly pay for what you use.
If houses represent nodes, then all the living and space for activities (transactions) happens within people's houses. People who cannot afford a house still have to be housed by someone. In other words, other people's transactions are still stored on all nodes - *unless* some transactions are happening on LN nodes or on sidechains which allow compressed aggregates of large volumes of transactions to be stored. 
It's sort of like instead of your house having to be the same size as the mansion across the street, and host the same number of guests, your house just has to be able to store picture albums of what goes on in the mansion.
But yeah, the analogy isn't perfect. There are all different sorts of maps that explain different things, but no map can actually *be* the territory.
@_date: 2017-03-21 19:54:40
And/or financial functions currently facilitated by custodial service providers.
@_date: 2017-03-15 04:40:12
Roger has been promoting a hardfork proposal that is bad code, changes the entire economic structure of bitcoin, and gives he and one or two other people a lot more influence over the network as a whole while excluding smaller players.
Today a bug in the code he has been promoting caused like 80% of the nodes supporting said bad code (BU/Bitcoin Unlimited) to be wiped out.
@_date: 2017-03-28 16:19:48
Oh, okay sure. We have barriers to entry in one area so barriers to entry when it comes to storing the info that proves people's coins are real must be okay...
You should probably think about some of these things a bit harder. Step back. You are supporting people who want to change the fixed supply of bitcoin. You are supporting someone who has said he is okay with bitcoin becoming paypal 2.0. You are supporting people who are blocking Segwit which introduces all sorts of new trust free anonymization features, it makes millions upon millions of instant and secure transactions possible, it makes KYC/AML laws obsolete for many business models because it removes the need for custodial control of other people's coins. And it does all of this while allowing just about anyone the ability to still a run node. On the other hand, larger blocks would add a linear amount of transaction capacity and reduce the number of people who can run nodes. Anonymity would remain limited. Without anonymity the full fungibility of bitcoin is not possible, it will never become money. We will get colored coins and bitcoin will effectively be censored whether the nodes are controlled or not.
Wake the fuck up.
@_date: 2017-03-15 15:17:14
Bad idea. Just buy bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-28 06:07:51
Without segwit, increasing the block size actually makes the network vulnerable to the creation of attack blocks. Most big block supporters don't even know this.
@_date: 2017-02-22 18:49:31
"Pay for info" seems to run pretty counter to the nature of an inclusive and decentralized network that depends on shared info for security. 
Adding a new variable like that sounds like it would complicate things much more than working to counter the rising cost of sharing info by scaling in ways that don't increase the minimum required donation to fully participate - schnorr, LN, tumblebit, etc.
@_date: 2016-01-27 01:23:31
What rules don't they have to follow?
Your efforts to be less than explicit make it seem like you are just being a troll and don't really have any valid point to make.
@_date: 2017-03-01 03:32:13
Bi-directional channels can be put to use by some of the largest on-chain hogs almost immediately, and segwit increases transaction capacity by more than double. Fees will drop substantially if segwit gets activated.
LN software has been in testing for a while, I suspect it can be made available rather quickly. Not to mention that tumble-bit and schnorr signatures both have scaling benefits and would probably be available in the first update after segwit activation.
@_date: 2017-03-29 04:30:50
I believe satoshi also said something about keeping the network as decentralized as possible for as long as possible.
I still think this problem is more complicated than you seem to recognize. On top of the general security concerns, there is a tragedy of the commons problem involved in socialized big block scaling by vote, rather than a pay for access sort of allocation of space. If people like Roger can just push his business scaling costs onto the network then he benefits at the expense of others. With the LN Roger can run a node that facilitates his own transactions while being a second layer asset to others rather than just a blockspace hog. If people can decide to store and validate extension blocks or sidechains then they can facilitate more scaling without excluding others from the primary layer. 
There is a real risk of centralization on the primary layer if the costs of direct participation grow too much, and once centralized there isn't going to be any convincing those that control the network to re-decntralize things, bitcoin just dies.
@_date: 2017-03-28 16:55:54
I would still be running a full node if not for hitting my ISP's unadvertised data caps as the blocks began to fill up. The block size is what stopped me.
@_date: 2017-03-29 00:21:32
Bitcoin is about not having to trust third parties to ensure that the money you save and send and receive is valid - if only big businesses can afford to run nodes then it cannot really be individually validated.
@_date: 2017-03-11 00:33:21
There is a tragedy of the commons problem at work within bitcoin. If I conserve blockspace I do not get to reap the benefits of my efforts later - my efforts just benefit some blockchain hog right now. Making blocks bigger, just makes it more expensive for savers and low volume users to participate to the advantage of the hogs. It is a runaway problem.
The real cost of running a node is data transfer. Increasing the block limit in only necessary if the block size is going to be increased. Lager blocks = greater data transfer costs. I had to stop running my node because as blocks filled up I began hitting my ISPs unadvertised monthly data cap. If average people do not even have the option of running full nodes as a result of the hardware requirements, then the average person will be forced to trust others to use bitcoin and the internal trustless nature of the system becomes meaningless.
From what I understand segwit + schnoor + tumblebit + LN facilitates more transactions than BU by orders of magnitude without increasing the data transfer costs much beyond what we would see with BU at ~2.3mb blocks. While at the same time improving privacy and fungibility and facilitating instant transactions, and this is all done without opening the network up to new vulnerabilities - none of which can be said for BU.
BU doesn't make instant transactions possible, it doesn't have the potential to decentralize and in many ways eliminate custodial exchange services, it doesn't address the selfish mining/attack block/quadratic hash validation problem(s). 
If BU was just a simple block increase, it would be much less problematic - it makes the blocksize debate a permanent feature of bitcoin while dramatically increasing the potential for regularly orphaned blocks/chains.
My reading suggests that segwit makes extension blocks possible, which would mean a portion of the network could mine and validate larger blocks without actually hard-forking or splitting from the network. If larger blocks are really the future then segwit allows for scaling competition within the network to determine if that is actually the best path.
@_date: 2017-03-11 01:33:55


This isn't an argument, you are just saying that you think I am wrong - that's nice, I think you are wrong too.


This is extremely convoluted reasoning - the longer it takes a block to propagate and validate the longer of a head start the creator of said block has to mine on the next block without any competition. The potential to collect more block rewards right now plays a far larger role in miner decision making than does any concern for the iser experience of people using bitcoin or the number of people who will want to use it tomorrow.
Case and point: A couple of the large mining pools have explicitly said they will continue to mine empty blocks because they can - empty blocks are bad for users who have transactions they want confirmed - miners don't care. You have to assume there will be bad actors when designing or upgrading any complex system. BU devs have failed to do this.
@_date: 2017-03-31 01:25:29
Can you copy and paste it into a pm?
@_date: 2017-03-08 19:21:36
Meh, I have had the same thoughts, but bitcoin isn't like gold or silver, it moves quicker, accounting is far more easily verified, owning the real thing will become increasingly easier, and the Wink twins are not JPMorgan. Sure it is a centralized thing and as such a point of trust and potential failure, but if it eventually fails or beomes corrupted the lesson learned would be never treat IOUs like an investment - which is something the world needs to learn.
@_date: 2016-01-26 04:27:23
By your logic it seems that any hard fork should be considered an altcoin. I don't think that is a particularly useful way to look at things. 
If that isn't what you are saying I would genuinely appreciate an explanation of what distinguishes a hard fork from an alt-fork. (seriously)
@_date: 2017-03-28 03:19:57
What is "decentralized enough" ...? There are less than 6,000 full nodes - down from ~60,000 - at what point does the node count begin to matter?
Any hard fork would wipe out roughly a third of the full nodes up and running right now, and there will certainly be some additional drop in the count as the data transfer costs rise.
@_date: 2017-03-28 21:49:00
The head BU dev is calling for an increase in the supply of bitcoin - look it up.
There are only two blocks with respect to old nodes. The "hack" allows old nodes to continue receiving and validating transactions in their legacy form. New nodes just see all information as if there is one block that can be as large as 4 mb. The only real change is that signature data is weighted differently in order to align the transaction fees with the actual long term cost of storing a transaction. In other words, transactions with more inputs and fewer outputs reduce the data that needs to be stored by the network and so they should obviously cost less to make.
BU changes the entire game theory of the network and encourages miners to mine empty blocks as well as using the threat of orphaned blocks to govern block size. It will cause regular chain splits and allows larger players to impose costs on smaller ones. It allows anyone to create blocks that could take hours to validate.
If segwit doesn't satisfy the needs of those who want bigger blocks then they can fork off just as easily after segwit activation as they can now - actually the attack block/quadratic hash validation fix would make it safer for bigblockers to fork after segwit activation.
@_date: 2017-03-09 18:59:42
Be bodl, invest and hodl!
@_date: 2017-03-17 17:03:14
Hard forks to bigger blocks wipe out nodes and increase the cost of node operation - both bad things for the node count - the longer a hard fork can be put off in favor of other transaction scaling methods, the more technological advancements there will be to bring down the cost of node operation and drive up the node count. 
Bigger blocks are also more effective at increasing capacity if all the space in those blocks have been optimized first. You don't know if you really need a bigger house until you clean up and learn to use the space you've got more efficiently.
@_date: 2017-03-07 17:26:38
BU can't actually even really work without segwit, because without the segwit hash validation fix it is possible to create massive attack blocks that take forever to verify. 
@_date: 2017-03-30 07:58:44
Fees would drop by more than half. More than 100% increase in transaction capacity. Multiple large players could immediately begin using bidirectional channels and offchain a large amount of transaction volume. Tumblebit would eliminate all current darknet tumbling services which are expensive, risky, and hog blockspace. It sounds like drive chains would be available fairly quickly after segwit activation. And schnorr signatures would likely be available very quickly as well, which increases capacity by another third.
@_date: 2017-03-31 19:00:09
Housing isn't a problem for capitalism, housing regulations and restrictions are the problem. It is the ability for people to tell you what you can and cannot do with your property that is the problem. And some people telling others what to do has nothing to do with capitalism or respect for property rights.
For example tiny houses are illegal in most places, despite a pretty large demand, so they have to be built as trailers. And in most cases it is still illegal to treat them as permanent living quarters.
@_date: 2017-03-27 04:43:42
I don't know that any such thing was implied, but I can confirm: have been ancap for many years, have been in bitcoin for many years, am very pro-modular/layered approach to scaling because decentralization is what makes all the other important aspects of the currency possible.
@_date: 2017-03-29 17:14:11
Segwit increases transaction capacity by 130% and also enables extension blocks, sidechains, LN, Sprites, and many other approaches to scaling. 
The core approach allows big blocks and small blocks to exist in the same bitcoin ecosystem while BU just excludes everyone who can't afford the cost of terabytes of monthly data transfer.
@_date: 2017-03-16 16:29:22
Unless he is really thick headed and his primary argument for BU is that he has "been in bitcoin for 8 years."
@_date: 2017-03-17 00:36:47
Yeah complaining about capacity while blocking capacity improvements - especially when they facilitate extension blocks and potentially allow everyone to get what they want doesn't make any sense. 
@_date: 2017-03-29 18:06:34
Extension blocks:
There are 6 competing versions of the lightning network:
* [Amiko-Pay](
* [Eclair]( (ACINQ)
* [lightningd]( (Blockstream)
* [lit]( (MIT Digital Currency Initiative)
* [lnd]( (Lightning Co)
* [Thunder]( (Blockchain.info)
I believe at least 3 of teams have agreed on a standard protocol that makes their implementations interoperable and onion routing is built in.
Article on sidechains, drivechains, etc:
@_date: 2017-03-22 03:04:31
The Clintons are one of the most horrible crime families in US politics.
I don't even like Trump, but what exactly do you think Russia did to help him? I have seen absolutely zero evidence of any such thing despite the rhetoric coming out of the left trying to suggest as much. The incredibly militarily aggressive stance that Obama and Hillary had toward Russia would certainly provide some motivation, but I have still seen no evidence of any way that they actively helped Trump, and said aggression seems like it was a pretty good reason NOT to vote for Hillary anyway.
What seems to be the case is that people within the democratic party leaked emails revealing many of Hillary's crimes to Wikileaks - go read some of the emails. The person responsible was probably the 26 year old guy working for the Clinton campaign who was unhappy about Bernie being cheated out of the nomination. He wound up murdered in front of his apartment in a "robbery" where nothing was taken from him.
Hillary has defended rapists and laughed about it, and of course she married one. She made the largest arms deal in the world with the very people who are arming and funding ISIS in exchange for massive donations to the Clinton Foundation and to her campaign. This is no small time corruption, she is perfectly happy to fund and fuel both sides of a war to line her own pockets. I think a very strong case can be made that she is truly a psychopath.
Anyone with even the slightest desire to scratch the surface can see how fucking horrible the Clintons are.
@_date: 2016-01-27 00:44:28
Okay you linked to github, what is that supposed to tell me?
@_date: 2017-03-17 20:07:59
It doesn't make it any less stupid. 
The technical arguments, not people's feelings, should be the basis of bitcoin changes/improvements.
@_date: 2017-03-27 16:50:10
Thats like saying that eventually only big players should seed info to the bittorrent network - if that was the case it would no longer be decentralized and it could be censored.
@_date: 2017-03-24 03:25:16
They are making an extra $300k a day blocking changes right now, what incentive is there to do anything different?
@_date: 2017-03-29 03:47:48
Look, segwit is a security fix first. And the segwit security fixes happen to facilitate a shit load of privacy and scaling features - supporting a linear scaling solution without segwit makes no sense.
@_date: 2017-03-21 20:01:35
Technically segwit is a moderate blocksize increase and it makes extension blocks ,and likely merge mined side-chains, possible which are basically just as good as a blocksize increase without any of the centralization risk or costs imposed on smaller players in the network.
@_date: 2017-03-21 20:08:05
As a long term bitcoin hodler, my guess is that I would do more transactions with about the same on-chain footprint. But as the robustness of the Lightning Network grows there will be little to no difference between "locking up bitcoin" and making normal transactions. Most of these things can be done by wallets in the background.
Segwit also enables things like extension blocks, and makes any potential future hard fork secure against attack blocks, so there is truly little to no reason for anyone to oppose it.
@_date: 2017-03-07 19:49:05
The Lightning Network (and competitors) is basically just a protocol for using multisig addresses in a way that allows parties to shift bitcoin back and forth using all the info of a normal transaction. If either party tries to cheat the other, the info already exchanged would give the person being cheated control of the channel. So thanks to the rules set forth by the LN protocol, and in the creation of the channel, the risk of doing these off chain transactions is almost zero.
LN protocol also allows for chaining of these channels from one party to the next and the next while using onion routing by default which increases anonymity and fungibility.
It also reduces the need to actually hand over your bitcoin to some custodial service like coinbase in order for them to provide you with some service - reducing the need to trust anyone while also making KYC/AML regulations far less relevant.
@_date: 2017-03-31 14:34:12
You should try actually making a technical argument for what you support.
@_date: 2017-03-27 08:14:52
Security. Connecting to the network via a lite client means there is some amount of trust involved - you have to trust that you are connecting to a node or nodes that are relaying accurate information both to and from your wallet. You are not completely part of the network, you are just connected to a node or nodes that are fully participating in the network.
And so long as anyone can fairly inexpensively afford to just spin up their own full node, open source lite clients can generally be trusted because they aren't just competing with other middle men, they are competing with your ability to do what they do instead of using them at all. Your ability to spin up a full node at any time essentially keeps them honest. 
But if everyone had to use a lite client, and the cost of running full nodes was extremely high, then maybe the wallet creators might see fit to sell info about your spending habits, or place ads in their wallets in order to pay for the expensive nodes they run to which people need to connect in order to use bitcoin at all. 
Bitcoin works a lot like a file sharing network. You don't increase the minimum seed rate and make it more expensive to contribute with no restriction on the number of leechers, or worse yet increase the minimum cost of contributing with the expressed goal of attracting new leechers. Decentralization is the source of all of bitcoin's power - censorship resistance, anonymity, security, etc - if we lose primary layer decentralization then bitcoin fails and is no longer an important or interesting innovation. 
@_date: 2017-03-11 02:22:53
The tragedy of the commons has almost nothing to do with the miners, it's just a network problem that results from socialized node costs. It is a high volume user vs low volume user problem.
Miners vs users is a separate issue created by the block reward which is different form of socialization.
@_date: 2017-03-07 23:45:40
The problem is that being an anarchist doesn't preclude one from being misled, ignorant and stubborn, or even hubristic and deluded.
And there is probably a decent chance that decisions might be made based on skepticism or a general distrust of others. So a large enough group of ancaps is no less likely to fracture into cliques and all sorts of in-group/out-group behavior.
I have seen most of Roger's posts and interviews on scaling and I have yet to see him make a decent technical argument, or in anyway demonstrate that he actually understands the subtle nature of the problems bitcoin is facing or the incentive changes proposed. His primary response to everything is something along the lines of, "Well I've been involved in bitcoin for 8 years..." and "fees are too high because of artificial restrictions."
@_date: 2017-03-29 14:42:59
You can currently transfer bitcoin into coinbase or to a bitpay card and use those services in place of a checking account to buy coffee. Bitcoin's second layer for payments is currently rather centralized.
If segwit is activated, the LN will at some point reduce the need for more centralized services by allowing you to spend bitcoin instantly many times to and from a multisig address before eventually making the total after all of your transactions "blockchain official." 
@_date: 2017-03-31 05:34:26
Feelings are not relevant to the discussion of the best path for scaling bitcoin.
First you said your response was posted but only you could see it, now you are saying reddit is eating what you type. If you really wanted me to get some important thing you'd just send me a PM, but it sounds like you are just trying to plant some sort of conspiracy theory FUD about being censored even though you have no valid technical argument against segwit.
BU is buggy and it magnifies the tragedy of the commons problem that bitcoin faces. It forces everyone down one path, and excludes all who disagree. The idea that blocks being full is bad, combined with a mechanism for voting blocks larger is a horrible socialization that will ratchet the block size up until the network is completely centralized. 
Segwit allows for modular scaling and helps make it possible for businesses to increase their own transaction capacity without imposing costs on anyone else. Segwit allows large blocks and the LN to compete within the same ecosystem. Not only is segwit essentially a block size increase itself, but it facilitates extension blocks and sub blocks and drive chains and sidechains with any block size people want.
BU creates a socialized scaling monoculture that will ultimately kill bitcoin, segwit basically creates a free market for scaling.
If I was a federal reserve or legacy banking employee I'd love BU and be scared shitless of the privacy and payment features enabled by segwit.
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:55:06
No lies, if one of the quotes was out of context then I am sorry for that, but the other quote isn't so you could see how it might be easy to make such a mistake about the second.
It seems to me that no matter how you look at it something fishy is going on. Roger and others claim to be concerned with Bitcoin's "emergency" scaling needs, but they are actively blocking a 130% increase in transaction capacity that simultaneously enables Visa levels of instant payments and all sorts of anonymity and fungibility improvements - all of which would be a nightmare for any state organization seeking to control or limit the damage that bitcoin could do to state power. 
And they are pushing for bigger blocks and a system that allows block sizes to be ratcheted up in an extremely disruptive way whether all of the network approves or not. Their approach only scales linearly, it limits anonymity, and it makes it ever more likely that only tech giants and large banking/trading institutions will have the ability to run nodes - meaning they get to play gatekeeper with all users.
@_date: 2017-03-29 05:15:27


Dude wtf are you talking about - you think it's more secure to let coinbase and bitfinex (custodial services) to make transactions for you rather than just locking some money in a multisig address so that you can make LN payments to people?!
The LN isn't just for micro-transactions - it is just a way to network bidirectional payment channels - it can be used with any amount and your bitcoin is almost as secure in a multisig address as it is in a cold wallet, and it is certainly infinitely more secure than allowing exchanges to make transactions for you.
Jesus fuck, please stop spreading bullshit and actually go read something about the goddamned developments in the core roadmap.
It is really hard to believe this is even real life. 
@_date: 2017-03-29 20:01:21
If there is a split to two separate coins then Jihan and Ver control a larger portion of the hashing power on the new chain. It's not that hard to understand.
@_date: 2017-03-21 16:54:52
My guess is that any PoW change would be more of a devaluing of the miners that mine bitcoin now to encourage new miners to join - not really a start from scratch sort of thing.
@_date: 2016-01-26 23:51:05


@_date: 2017-03-26 20:30:21
Bitcoin is about preventing economic censorship and forced funding, things that are important can be funded voluntarily.
@_date: 2017-03-28 15:51:13
Well Roger has said he is okay with bitcoin becoming paypal 2.0 and the BU devs have just causually discussed increasing the inflation rate, soo maybe some of them just want to destroy bitcoin...
@_date: 2017-03-01 09:00:06
You are correct, this is the real problem.
I have some litecoin because I think if segwit gets activated on ltc first it could draw some attention and also be beneficial in helping bitcoin get segwit activated. And down the road it could even help improve LN value transfers denominated in bitcoin. But I think for ltc to remain decentralized with any significant increase in popularity, miners will need to limit block sizes for quite some time, if not permanently. But hopefully segwit+LN will actually move some of the future transaction growth into channels anyway.
@_date: 2017-03-28 03:32:32
Maintaining an attack on the other chain means that the chain he controls gets the bitcoin brand - otherwise he just controls some new altcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-22 20:25:48
Well, if it is just some sort of donation mechanism in a wallet or something that is no big deal, but it certainly isn't the best way to deal with network costs.
With the LN anyone who needs more capacity can get it by connecting to users and bearing their own data and bandwidth costs directly without imposing things on other nodes - while at the same time becoming an even greater asset to the network as a whole.
With larger blocks the increasing cost of capacity is socialized across all nodes, and it is left up to users to figure out how to support the nodes they need via donations...? There is a huge free rider problem, and it leaves bitcoin's tragedy of the commons problem unchecked.
@_date: 2017-02-22 18:06:45
If one person drops some cash to spin up a couple hundred nodes all at once, then framing this as more community support for BU than core is complete BS.
There were a bunch of classic nodes started all at once right after classic came out and then a few months later all of those that seemed to be started all at once just disappeared all at once.
@_date: 2017-03-07 18:02:14
So a more than 4x increase in data transfer costs and a HF to immediately wipe out ~40% of the nodes... There is a great way to get to a sub 2000 full node count if I have ever seen one.
@_date: 2017-03-30 07:37:34
I really mean no offense, but your feelings, and all the things you think *should* have happened are kinda irrelevant, don't you think? Those are not technical arguments, and bitcoin has technical problems. The solution doesn't need to *feel* like anything, it just needs to be a well crafted technical solution.
If you are pro most of the things segwit enables, then why would you oppose segwit aside from some sort of irrational response to some secondary circumstance?
Segwit was available for activation when fees were at 10 or 20¢. As far as I can tell that was pretty much right on time. The lack of activation is the problem, and that isn't anything that the hundred or so people that get the blanket label of "core devs" can be held responsible for.
Activating segwit will more than cut fees in half.
And idk why spending a couple years preparing for a hard fork would in any way be preferable to the couple of years spent preparing segwit which is a 2-4mb soft fork that will quickly get schnorr signatures and become a 4-6mb upgrade with no additional data transfer costs, and all it requires is a basic node update. All while preserving the node count which was hitting all time lows as the blocks filled up.
Segwit also enables extension blocks, sub blocks, sidechains, and drive chains, so the reality is that any size blocks you want can exist in the bitcoin ecosystem right beside the "small" ~6mb blocks. Everyone can get what they want without excluding anyone else.
@_date: 2017-03-17 17:08:06
Then this is all the more reason to keep blocks small - otherwise I'll never be able to run a node again. Even if blocks stayed just as they are it'd probably be years before I could.
@_date: 2017-03-27 05:02:09
Segwit is a security fix that actually facilitates both. It makes bigger blocks safer by preventing attack blocks that can slow or disrupt the network, and it makes off-chain or sub-chain transactions more secure with the malleability fix.
The beauty of segwit is that it allows for more modular scaling efforts, making it possible for big block supporters to mine extension blocks on a portion of the network without forking or forcing anyone off the network.
It allows those with fewer resources to run a basic full node, and those with more resources to run a full node and maintain and facilitate a ton of LN connections and maybe store and validate extension blocks as well. It makes merge mined side chains possible. And it's all opt in, not upgrade or be excluded.
@_date: 2017-03-27 08:17:37
The tragedy of the commons is exactly why node costs need to be kept low and why facilitating greater amounts of transaction volume needs to be a modular or layered process.
@_date: 2017-03-31 14:57:28
Consensus cannot be "emergent" in any socialized market where some users are imposing costs on others. I have written an article on the matter that I will post soon. But imagine if people had to accept or reject a vote on increasing the size of house that everyone has to live in. 
Socialized markets don't scale well, free markets do. In a free market the size of my house has no impact on the size of your house. My ability to only afford a small house doesn't constrain you, and your desire for a large house doesn't make me unable to afford a house at all. And so useful standards and structures can emerge from a wide range of approaches to the house problem.
Segwit makes scaling a more modular thing. It allows businesses to increase their transaction capacity without imposing costs on others. It isn't just a vote for bigger blocks and bigger nodes that everyone has to accept or reject.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:57:05
@_date: 2017-03-29 18:09:55
Isn't one of the goals of the BU supporters/proponents to show that hard forks are no big deal and are "the better way" to upgrade bitcoin? And if Jihan and Roger control the majority of the mining power and can slowly push competitors out of the network by increasing the blocksize and their competitors operating costs it would seem that future hard forks would be less of a problem to ram through.
@_date: 2017-03-07 17:29:51
No one is trying to choke bitcoin, look up extension blocks. Segwit enables all forms of scaling without requiring a hardfork that wipes out ~40% of the network.
@_date: 2017-03-17 20:00:52
Miners can run LN nodes, and would likely benefit from doing so because it would reduce their onchain transaction costs when paying pool members.
We need nodes to scale without increasing the minimum cost one must incur to be a full node and as such a perfectly secure participant of the network. Creating other layer nodes allow those who can to facilitate scaling without imposing costs on those who cannot.
@_date: 2017-03-10 04:34:38
Anyone with more than one channel open becomes an LN node - the capability of becoming a node is going to be built into any LN compatible wallet
It's almost as if you have no idea what you are talking about...
@_date: 2016-06-22 07:30:35
Oh, dude, I've watched it and I've watched a ton of his Venus Project crap - I'm sorry but I think Peter Joseph is just terribly ignorant of economics, of how and why the price system functions, and of wealth creation and production processes in general. I mean Stef has completely lost me with his new direction, and he has always been a bit odd, but if you like Joseph you seriously need some economics in your life (no offense).
There are a ton of great YouTube videos of Milton Friedman, Thomas Sowell, Tom Woods, Robert Murphy, David Friedman, Michael Huemer, Larken Rose, Peter Schiff, Doug Casey, and content from Henry Hazlitt, Hayek, Mises, etc.
And Bitcoin itself most likely is an anarcho-capitalist creation - it seems to have been created in response to the financial crisis, the predetermined monetary policy is very Austrian (as in Austrian economic theory) in nature, securing the chain is even called "mining" as if bitcoin is being unearthed like gold, and almost all of the early adopters are Anarcho capitalists. Free talk live was basically the first publicity Bitcoin ever got. I think it's very unlikely all that was an accident. But honestly if you support fixed supply crypto currencies whether or not you like Joseph's robot socialism or not is kinda irrelevant IMO - you're basically forwarding ancapism whether you realize it or not. That's the whole point of agorism, build tools that move the world in the right direction regardless of people's opinions. 
@_date: 2016-06-29 22:02:41
I think what the core developers are worried about is that miners will be on the receiving end of the same accusations of playing central banker, or of "destroying" Bitcoin, any time blocks fill up without immediate block size increases. However, for bitcoin to grow and mature in a sustainable way the blocks should always be full. 
If they put off a hard fork until after 2nd tier networks are operational then it will ease some of those troubles for the miners and keep social pressure from driving up the cost of operating nodes - allowing people like me with plenty of bandwidth but a 300gig data cap to still help keep the network decentralized. 
@_date: 2016-06-29 16:29:07
Do *you* think the 1mb limit means that Bitcoin will only ever have a the ability to do 7tps?
@_date: 2017-08-08 07:30:01
I am not happy that Jeff Garzik wants to make money tracking transactions and selling that info to governments, sooo lets all be happy that he is pissed :)
@_date: 2016-06-29 13:39:11
Colleges are just big expensive country clubs that provide anything from mediocre to completely awful schooling depending on the college and the subject matter. And for the time and money required most people would be better to work or to acquire tools and productive capital. 
College really only makes sense if you are gong into a field of work in which the government has restricted access by requiring a certain amount of schooling, and even then it isn't always the best choice.
@_date: 2016-06-22 15:08:09
I just lump all of the zeitgeist, Venus, and RBE stuff together. It's all equally nonsensical. Why would a more efficient and accurate means of storing value and trading ever lead to a transition away from trading?
As far as I can tell there is really nothing inherently inefficient or wasteful or unfair about money that makes it likely to ever be made obsolete. Inflation is inefficient and unfair, but that's why cryptocurrencies are eventually going to replace government fiat - and that is a form of automation in monetary policy. There will also be some automation in trade, but I don't think it makes sense for there to ever be no trade as a result of automation. At least not in the any future I can foresee.
@_date: 2017-01-26 13:53:04


Bitcoin unlimited proposes that miners can pick the blocksize which completely ignores the incentives operating within the bitcoin network. The largest miners benefit from fewer nodes and larger blocks because it makes it easier for them to mine empty blocks. Their ability to continually push things in one direction will also make it harder for smaller miners, giving the large miners even more power in the network. 
The mining subsidy and socialized node size creates a tragedy of the commons sort of problem.


Maybe a hardfork will eventually be necessary, but a hard fork right now would wipe out more than a third of the nodes on the network and it would be completely arbitrary because without segwit and LN and its competitors, then we don't actually have any idea how large blocks need to be. With segwit we get to see how quickly larger blocks would fill up and we get to see how much LN can facilitate in terms of second layer transactions.
The LN is a far more significant scaling solution that I think you realize. I can do 100,000 transactions in a LN channel if I want, and with a robust LN that spans multiple coins I can transfer value to people with whom I have no channels open via those they are connected to. Even if some of the intermediary hops need to use litecoin channels - and most of this can be automated to the point where it is almost no different than sending a normal on chain transaction. Add the potential of side chains which are all tied in using LN and we are talking about an extremely robust and almost infinitely scalable value transfer network despite block size limitations.
@_date: 2017-03-31 22:04:05
That is probably true, but before fees start climbing to the point of seriously excluding people from using bitcoin, we need LN and sidechains and drivechains so that there are still cheap and secure ways of using bitcoin. Whether or not the mainchain is super inclusive for day to day use is irrelevant so long the bitcoin ecosystem as a whole is super inclusive.
@_date: 2017-08-27 04:48:44
The miners have very little power to change bitcoin actually. Mining is meaningless without developers and users.
No one is contractually obligated to do anything. Bitcoin, like any open source project, is the legacy chain and forks do not get to steal the name.
@_date: 2016-06-22 03:45:16
How could people being free of coercive relationships and trading to one another's mutual benefit not be the ideal world to strive for - what else is there?
@_date: 2017-01-06 06:33:35
Long term professional bitcoin hodler here - move 90+% of your bitcoin to a cold wallet that is a pain to access quickly and just buy the dips.
@_date: 2017-01-25 17:07:07
If I can turn 10 or 100 or 1000 transactions into 2 then that makes more space on the blockchain. And second layer networks (like LN) can facilitate value transfer via multiple coins at once.
People originally said internet routing would never be useful for video streaming, and yet here we are. Even if we are stuck with the 1mb limit forever bitcoin will work just fine using layered solutions. On the other hand if blocks become too large, then the node count suffers, and some miners can and will make more empty blocks allowing large miners to effectively push out smaller ones, and the network becomes ever more centralized. If the underlying bitcoin network becomes too centralized then there is no fixing it with layers.
@_date: 2017-01-31 18:48:59
It's funny how many people say things like this with absolutely nothing in the way of technical arguments to back up their position - roger ver included.
Even the BU developer's best arguments are that the ability to create empty blocks will somehow regulate the block size - which seems to completely ignore that it is the large miners who want to create large blocks so that they can mine more empty ones, pushing out the little guys and collecting an ever greater portion of the mining subsidy.
Segwit actually addresses the bad incentives created by socialized node size and the mining subsidy by creating a second layer in which large nodes can make money at the benefit of others in the network rather than at their expense. And it actually facilitates something beyond linear scaling, which really isn't a long term solution at all. 
Increasing the block size in the bitcoin network is like increasing the minimum allowable seed rate in a torrent network with no restriction on the number of leechers and expecting a more robust and functional network.
@_date: 2016-06-21 21:37:50
While I agree and I no longer mention him when I am making suggestions to newbies looking for more info on economics and libertarian philosophy - this talk and many of his others are still great on their own.
@_date: 2017-08-11 03:20:12
There will always be bad people. Until a decentralized monetary system becomes dominant people like this will exist - killing them doesn't improve the world any more than killing dictators in the Middle East has improved anything. We can't destroy for a better future, we have to build the infrastructure that makes bad people powerless. 
@_date: 2017-01-31 19:05:16
Seems to me it's a problem that plagues the global market for computer hardware in general. How many companies make cutting edge processors?
@_date: 2017-01-31 22:47:13
They still function as nodes sharing info and keeping non segwit transactions safe - making it a much more smooth and conservative transition.
@_date: 2016-06-21 21:42:07
Bitcoin is a tool for facilitating free market activity - I am really curious how one can be pro Bitcoin but anti-free markets. What exactly do you think "free markets" are?
@_date: 2017-01-31 19:19:13
A hardfork immediately wipes out a third of the network nodes, and on top of that it makes it possible for large players to profit by pushing blocks sizes up and squeezing out smaller players both in mining and node operation.
Larger blocks don't propagate as fast allowing the large miners that find them a better chance of mining the next block - since they have the most current block info while others are still waiting. They will mine empty blocks if it means they can collect more of the mining subsidy, and doing so makes it harder for smaller mining operations to compete. Larger blocks also make it more costly to operate a node - driving down nodes in the network and further driving up the time it takes to spread block info, feeding the large miners with an ever easier to obtain block reward. It is a snowballing problem.
Segwit does a pretty good job of addressing all of this.
Edit: oh how I love downvotes without any actual arguments.
If you understand the tragedy of the commons and that the minimum wage doesn't increase wages then you should be able to grasp the problems at the heart of scaling bitcoin primarily via block size. 
The tor network has been compromised because of the costs associated with running tor nodes. The most effective government attacks on torrent networks involve pushing ISP's to punish seeders. Decentralized networks cease to be decentralized as the number of nodes decline. 
@_date: 2017-01-06 06:05:58
The people of Cyprus can attest to this.
@_date: 2017-01-25 16:52:52
And segwit facilitates secure second layer tech that makes 100s if not many 1000s of transactions possible for every two recorded on-chain.
@_date: 2017-01-23 17:47:03
I mean, technically the seizure was an effective ban on ownership.
@_date: 2017-08-23 04:09:41
That is what the Lightning Network is for.
@_date: 2017-08-10 16:32:41
Government regulation never forced banks to behave properly - there are more banking regulations today than at any other time in history - it was government regulation that protected banks from competition and empowered a few to do whatever they want.
Banks were only ever responsible to the degree that they needed to be in order to avoid a bank run. The market is the only effective means of regulation.
@_date: 2017-01-20 18:41:19
Segwit enables Lightning and similar network technologies that make certain transactions instantly secure by temporarily locking some bitcoin in payment channels. With a network of channels I can send money to you via a common friend or local business with whom we are both connected - none of which has to be recorded on chain to be secure, which also improves anonymity.
My last 10 transactions have been with bitpay, those 10 (and more) could be reduced to 2 with segwit activation. This would make more room on chain and significantly reduce my transaction costs.
@_date: 2017-08-10 05:35:38
No need to kill them, it seems most of these central banker Rothschild types are very disturbed people. Soros was a former Hitler youth (so massively abused) and clearly has a god complex. I imagine rendering them powerless and demonstrating that the world is far better off without them in power would be much harder for them than death.
@_date: 2017-08-19 21:59:21
4mb blocks were created on testnet with 1mb base + segwit. That means with a 2mb base + segwit 8mb is entirely possible.
@_date: 2017-01-23 17:46:06
Has there actually been any significant reduction in the use of e-cigs and vapes? There are two new vape shops in my small town and I have many white collar friends that now regularly walk around in public puffing on cannabis oil.
@_date: 2017-08-18 19:20:07
Without replay protection it will just be massive network disruption so everyone should encourage garzik to add it. 
@_date: 2017-01-24 02:56:58
And centralized services like Uber, Lyft, and Airbnb will probably fail or wind up controlled and regulated too. The Pirate Bay and Kickass have been up and down quite a bit, as have some private trackers, but the problem is that they are still centralized despite the distributed protocol in back of them.
There are a few potential networking solutions that have the potential to solve the problems of centralized distribution of torrent info, as well as censorship problems on facebook and twitter, among other places. Decentralized hosting is coming, and I have a feeling it will open the flood gates in ways anyone has yet to imagine. 
@_date: 2017-01-25 16:49:11
And when they approach those theoretical limits they will begin to suffer from falling node counts and miners creating empty blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-26 18:52:12
There was zero code for anything related to the segwit2x mess written when the NY conference was thrown together in response to segwit UASF, and the activation date was set before the UASF date. They were literally selling vaporware in a political ploy to get ahead of the upgrade that many of these same people have been working to block for more than a year now.
Many miners agreed simply because it was seen as a way to finally get segwit, and in any case the miners *are* a small minority of the bitcoin community. And these big block supporting miners are hyper-inflating BCH at the moment with the help of emergency difficulty adjustments. At what point does it become clear to you that they have no motivation outside of their own short term gain? 
@_date: 2017-01-06 06:40:13
I liked it! :)
@_date: 2017-01-06 06:30:23
Im pretty sure the original was just a misspelling of "hold."
@_date: 2017-01-23 17:38:57
Black and grey markets are what save people from starvation and the sort of grinding poverty that capital controls and the nationalization of industry create. It is the ability to function outside of the law and outside of any arbitrary political dictate that really makes bitcoin valuable.
If the US starts banning cryptocurrencies it will likely be because their other policies have so destroyed the US economy that everyone is flocking to them. At that point a ban will be as meaningless as the Venezuelan government's dictated bolivar to dollar exchange rate.
I don't think any intelligent person is hoping that bitcoin will be banned or that capital controls and trade restrictions will be put in place, but if you think people will give up everything to obey an ever increasing web of unjust laws then I think you are mistaken.
Cryptocurrencies and darknet markets, along with things like Uber and Airbnb are basically proof that people don't really give a shit what the law says when it comes to things they find desirable or beneficial. Despite the NYC ban on Airbnb, NYC still had the most Airbnb rentals on new year's eve. Services like Uber, Lyft, and Airbnb are completely mainstream now despite the many laws prohibiting their existence. And they are still just in the Napster and Limewire stages of their technological evolution - as are most darknet services.
@_date: 2017-08-23 04:18:47
Small payments are a layer 2 thing. Any purchase receipt you'd normally throw away needs to be on layer 2. 
Layer 1 transaction receipts are stored by everyone globally forever - no one needs to store every individual coffee purchase on a global ledger forever, and I can't imagine why anyone would want to pay for the cost of doing so.
@_date: 2017-01-02 20:32:44
In and out of some other coins via Shapeshift.io and use of bitcoin tumblers are preferable to funding US wars, bloated bureaucracy, and a wholly corrupt political class.
@_date: 2017-01-07 05:48:17
I don't think it is correct to say that high volume users are suffering due to small blocks - they filled up the blocks and imposed the transaction costs on the low volume users. High fees just incentivize them to bear the costs of scaling their own business off chain. Businesses *should* bear the cost of processing their own business transactions. Increasing the blocksize would serve high volume users while preventing little guys from being able to afford the data transfer costs of running a node.
The magic of the LN is that it helps high volume businesses scale with less cost while creating benefits for smaller players rather than imposing costs on them.
Bitcoin has always behaved as a settlement network, whether that is what people thought it was or not. Segwit actually allows the instant cash payments that everyone wants.
I think LN channels and transactions can eventually be incorporated into wallets and mostly automated in such a way that people may actually not even know the difference between on and off chain transactions - not exactly like, but similar to the way most people have never had to deal with change addresses.
@_date: 2016-12-29 22:25:44
Libertarianism and political solutions are pretty antithetical IMO. One can only be pro some political leader to the degree that one is not actually a libertarian.
That said, I am happy for people to support politicians who will be less than horrible because it buys agorists time to build real solutions, but for whatever reason I just can't stomach supporting them myself.
@_date: 2017-08-26 19:24:42
The number of full nodes was in a pretty steady down trend until the blocks filled up and improvements to the core software shortened sync times a bit - as cost of an activity increases less people engage in it. Both theory and empirical evidence align in this case.  
Anecdotally, the growing block size prevented me from continuing to run a full node a year or so ago, it is only now that the satellite feed exists that I might be able to again keep a node synced which I can connect from time to time without worrying too much about my local ISP's data cap.
Additionally seeing the sort of changes some miners will promote and support (buggy BU, XT, classic, etc) there is no way in hell you will ever get me to support any change that prevents me from running a node - the ability to do so is the only thing that provides me some check on their ability to change bitcoin. Anyone who would support such a change is either naive, malicious, or misinformed.
@_date: 2016-11-01 23:06:52
Inflationary monetary policy on the scale that the US does it requires an empire of nation states that only accept dollars for oil - criminal monetary policy requires criminal foreign policy...
All the middle eastern countries bombed and invaded by the US, or who have been through some strangely coincidental revolution, all have a few things in common - they are oil producers, they made previous agreements to abandon the dollar for oil trade, and during the subsequent US/NATO/ISIS/rebel induced regime changes the "rebels" felt the need to establish a central bank and as I understand things a lot of gold wound up shipped to the US. 
The US military does nothing to keep anyone safe and comfortable, they just help facilitate the crimes of the US political overclass. It's a scam - do you not feel like you were lied to by your recruiters? Were they really honest about what you were signing up for? Not that they necessarily knew either - they are just low level pawns too. 
It's the blind leading the blind for the most part, but that doesn't really excuse anyone or change reality. All the info you need to understand what is really going on exists - if you refuse to look it up (especially after someone tries to help you see reality) then your choice to remain ignorant makes you no better than the shit-heads you serve.
I would suggest starting with Tom Woods - he has a ton of free online content and if I remember correctly his book Real Dissent has a lot of good info on foreign policy. If you are interested in others I can provide them, feel free to PM me.
Don't get me wrong, I started from a place of deep patriotism for this country - I still think the philosophical understanding achieved by Jefferson and others is amazing, but their political experiment failed - they created the world's smallest government and it grew into the largest empire to ever exist.
@_date: 2016-12-09 17:52:50
A fee market had to be established and the large portion of rural America still cannot run nodes (myself included) due to the monthly data transfer requirements - and though segwit will make that problem worse just the same way a blocksize doubling would, it opens the door to an order of magnitude more transactions than a simple doubling of the blocksize.
@_date: 2016-12-08 00:18:32
It is good that you are a Brit, but please don't say things like "I have nothing to hide." That is just an incredibly ignorant thing to say. Everyone depends on privacy in everyday life and especially when it comes to financial matters.
It is very much like someone saying they don't care about censorship because they have nothing important to say.
@_date: 2017-08-26 18:10:29
1st - a doubling of the block size will have a negative impact on the node count, the increased data costs imposed by segwit already puts downward pressure on the node count, compounding that before we even see what segwit does is a really bad idea. 
2nd - If a precedent set that a HF thrown together in a few weeks time and pushed by a small minority is an acceptable way to change bitcoin, then the idea that anything is immutable or any ruleset is permanent goes out the window.
@_date: 2016-12-04 03:04:57
Tumble your bitcoins well, friends.
@_date: 2016-12-01 16:12:18
And bitcoin and other blockchain tokens are easily more limited in supply anyway...so why involve gold at all?
@_date: 2016-11-29 16:35:25
Are the Lightning and Thunder networks not open-source? As I understand things they have been in testnet for months and many companies are ready to roll them out as soon as segwit activates.
There has also been a ton of work on side chain tech and people have come up with things like Mimble-Wimble.
Do you really not understand the tragedy of the commons sort of problem that Bitcoin suffers from as block sizes are increased? The network is socialized - scaling that system directly rewards the most parasitic users at the cost of those who contribute the most.
@_date: 2017-08-08 06:55:17
Changelly is also my go to for coin to coin exchange - fiat options only recently showed up, and if they are accepting visa card payments the risk there would explain the premium.
@_date: 2016-12-08 17:20:01
I have literally never seen anyone say 1mb forever, but I have seen people accuse me of it after trying to explain my position.
@_date: 2016-12-29 20:08:07


This doesn't happen, mining just ceases to he subsidized by inflation. Transaction fees should still provide a reward for mining.


If they aren't publicly facing then it is ultimately security via exclusion and that kinda defeats the whole purpose of having a decentralized network. The banking system currently operates on security via exclusion, and they can engage in all sorts of economic censorship as a result. For example they kicked Russia out of the SWIFT network for purely political reasons.


Not having to trust anyone is the major innovation.
@_date: 2016-12-21 10:31:59
"When business in the United States underwent a mild contraction in 1927, the Federal Reserve created more paper reserves in the hope of forestalling any possible bank reserve shortage. More disastrous, however, was the Federal Reserve's attempt to assist Great Britain who had been losing gold to us because the Bank of England refused to allow interest rates to rise when market forces dictated (it was politically unpalatable). The reasoning of the authorities involved was as follows: if the Federal Reserve pumped excessive paper reserves into American banks, interest rates in the United States would fall to a level comparable with those in Great Britain; this would act to stop Britain's gold loss and avoid the political embarrassment of having to raise interest rates. The "Fed" succeeded; it stopped the gold loss, but it nearly destroyed the economies of the world, in the process. The excess credit which the Fed pumped into the economy spilled over into the stock market, triggering a fantastic speculative boom. Belatedly, Federal Reserve officials attempted to sop up the excess reserves and finally succeeded in braking the boom. But it was too late: by 1929 the speculative imbalances had become so overwhelming that the attempt precipitated a sharp retrenching and a consequent demoralizing of business confidence. As a result, the American economy collapsed. Great Britain fared even worse, and rather than absorb the full consequences of her previous folly, she abandoned the gold standard completely in 1931, tearing asunder what remained of the fabric of confidence and inducing a world-wide series of bank failures. The world economies plunged into the Great Depression of the 1930's."
If you also search Mises.org there should be articles on both the great depression and the 1920-21 downturn which was also caused by fed policy and the recovery in 1921 that took place with zero stimulus. Tom Woods also has a podcast episode or two on the subject.
@_date: 2016-12-24 07:16:11
All of a person's money can be locked into a couple of LN channels without depriving them of access or control of said money, while making transactions instant and cheaper, if not free. The LN should take a lot of load off of the main network and actually reduce the control that companies like Coinbase currently have.
Coinbase currently facilitates transactions by holding private keys to other people's money. If people instead just have channels open with coinbase, then coinbase can facilitate the same or more transactions by acting as an LN node and forwarding transactions to other people who also have channels open with coinbase - without holding anyone else's coins.
My last 5 transactions have been to bitpay, if I had just left a channel open with bitpay I could have reduced those 5 plus the next five to just two on-chain transactions (an opening and closing transaction) and anyone else I need to pay from that wallet I could pay via my bitpay channel without having to actually transfer anything outside the channel. Even if they don't have a channel with bitpay, they only need to have a channel open with someone a couple of times removed from someone connected to bitpay.
So if you only have $5 then maybe a single on chain transaction makes sense, but the LN should reduce some of the current on-chain load, and for anyone with at least a couple hundred dollars, the LN will make small transactions much cheaper. And my friend could be my LN node so long as he has at least a couple of channels open with places where I might spend money or where lots of other people spend money.
@_date: 2016-12-15 18:25:41
So it seems they support larger blocks because if blocks take even longer to propagate across the p2p network they get a larger advantage when it comes to successfully mining empty blocks...?
@_date: 2016-11-29 23:42:08
What I am talking about isn't perfectly characterized by the tragedy of the commons, but it is a similar sort of problem.
The people who create and benefit from bigger blocks do so at the expense of other node operators - there is no incentive for anyone to conserve block space and use the blockchain efficiently. Any individual effort to conserve block space only further rewards the hogs - there is nothing any individual can gain from being conservative. Those who benefit from bigger blocks can push for bigger blocks until they are the only people with the network capacity to store and transfer massive blocks. It is a runaway problem. 
For bitcoin to even approach visa or amazon transaction loads blocks need to be multiple gigs. And comparing bitcoin to visa or amazon is like trying to design the internet based on phone usage in the 80's. One connection at a time per household isn't anything like the many connections most individual people make simultaneously  today. Likewise, if bitcoin is going to be the machine payable network it needs to be capable of many thousands of times more transactions than visa and paypal combined. And for it to be worth a shit it also absolutely has to remain decentralized and not be dependent on a handful of easy to locate and control nodes.
The very fact that the Chinese firewall is an obstacle in the eyes of Ver and others is proof that scaling via blocksize is a shitty way to move forward. If scaling your way requires cutting off large portions of the world then your way quite obviously leads to centralization. Bitcoin isn't inclusive if only 1st world countries can participate. It is inevitable that the overwhelming majority of the scaling has to be done in layers - so what arbitrary blocksize increase would you be happy with? 
@_date: 2017-08-10 16:28:11
I'm not making excuses for anyone - understanding what drives a person does not change the immoral nature of their actions. Being abused does not justify becoming an abuser.
@_date: 2016-12-14 14:47:45
Why do you think KYC will be enforceable in the LN in any way? Anyone with two or more channels open can be an LN node. More than likely most wallets will also function as nodes and it will all happen in the background.
@_date: 2016-12-31 13:45:42
If you weren't naturally self interested you'd never have learned to walk or talk - all learning and growth and just living in general requires effort that is solely a product of self interest. 
In no way does that mean it's a bad thing to do things for others, or to cooperate, or to depend on people, but to *always* put everyone else first would actually be suicide.
You have to care for yourself before you can care for others.
@_date: 2016-11-30 06:58:10
Segwit increases block capacity to 2mb and it enables 2nd layer scaling solutions which already exist today.
Maybe go read something about the LN not posted on r/btc
@_date: 2018-06-11 16:13:43
Everything I have seen seems to suggest that LN is basically (or at least will be) just as secure as any hotwallet, it's not a great place for your life savings but no less secure than what most people are spending from anyway.
Edit: in some ways, bitcoin locked in a LN channel may actually be more secure than bitcoin stored in a regular wallet.
@_date: 2016-12-29 23:44:13
Lol, yes, anything that promotes violent centralized monopoly control of an industry is leftist. Forced funding is authoritarian leftism.
People are either free to live their lives and voluntarily trade and fund the causes they support, or they are forced to fund someone else's agenda - one is classical liberalism (libertarianism), and the other is some brand of authoritarianism. 
It's decentralization and autonomy vs central planning.
The flavor of authoritarian rule is irrelevant. Corporate monopolies fueled by government "regulations" and subsidies vs total government control via nationalization = giant politically manipulated bureaucracies either way. Republicans are mostly corporatists, and democrats are national socialists who are happy to use corporatism as a stepping stone to the ends they seek - the outcomes are, for the most part, equally horrible.
@_date: 2016-11-15 05:08:33
It's more about the monthly data required than the connection speed IMO.
And bitcoin's capacity doesn't need to just be competitive with Visa and other payment networks, it ultimately needs to dwarf them all combined many times over.
Comparing bitcoin's future capabilities to visa is like comparing today's internet usage to 1970's phone service. 
Visa's one card per person that can be used at one place at a time compared to the machine payable needs of the future, is like the one phone per family that has to be attached to the wall of the 70's compared to today's 12 tabs open at once with pandora and netflix and youtube all streaming in the same house while face timing someone - there are 100's or 1000's of times the connections made today just in he average household. For every one payment swipe you make today there will be 100 in the future because your devices will be making and receiving them for you. You'll be selling some amount of hard drive space to the decentralized cloud network while hosting your social network content and the videos you like and getting tips for that. Cryptocurrencies are how the internet will be decentralized with sustainable economic incentives. They are how services will be decentralized and automated and they are how people will make money making it all happen.
Linear scaling simply won't even come close to getting us where we need to go.
@_date: 2016-12-29 18:21:26
The token is required to keep it decentralized - otherwise there is no incentive for people to join and help secure the blockchain.
All aspects of bitcoin depend on each other for it to exist and function - it's like a tripod, kick one leg out and what is left is basically useless.
@_date: 2016-11-27 15:05:05
Maybe I am wrong, but more and more I am beginning to think that lacking a moral compass does = stupid.
@_date: 2016-12-19 18:34:37
I generally like the crypto-show, but the overwhelming contradictions and blatant lying in this episode, while the hosts basically licked Ver's balls, was pretty amazing.
They tried to demonize the core dev and segwit supporters as people invested in alt-coins and then they later discussed all the alt-coins they are invested in. 
They claimed that there was simply no debating the issue and that the reality was crystal clear that the only intelligent way forward was larger blocks, which means to me they are ignorant of what a hard fork will do to the network (instantly wiping out more than a third of the current nodes) and that larger blocks simply cannot accommodate all future bitcoin uses because it is linear growth that comes with costs to the way the network functions. 
They made very few, if any, actual technical arguments at all. Roger and Justice seem to both be completely oblivious to the problem of socialized nodes that plagues bitcoin.
The entire episode was frustratingly devoid of any intelligent conversation at all. They accused people around core developers of all the very same tribal nonsense they were engaging in for the entire show.
@_date: 2016-12-30 00:37:55


I think I am pretty well informed about the core tenants of communism and socialism - the problem is that communists and socialists (in my experience), while often extremely knowledgeable in some niche theoretical  studies, tend to completely lack any practical knowledge of how to build or actually produce anything. And they seem to want to change people to make their ideas work, rather than design their ideas around the way people work. 
And just as an aside, I am all for theoretical knowledge of many different flavors (I majored in some), but theory must be confirmed by reality - otherwise it is useless.
There is no practical way to achieve socialism or communism. They are utopias created without any consideration for how people operate. Self interest is a fundamentally necessary aspect of life and evolution, and it is incompatible with most leftist ideology. So political structures created to impose socialism/communism suffer from greed at all levels and die (often taking millions of lives in the process). And while top down efforts fail spectacularly, ground up efforts tend to devolve into socially hierarchical slums in stead of actually achieving anything.
Capitalism on the other hand (within which cooperatives and mutual aid societies are perfectly acceptable and natural), turns self interest into something that can benefit others, and even the shittiest implementations tend to function half decently. No one ever crawled through barbed wire or built rafts out of trash, at the risk of being shot, to escape a capitalist country. Socialists and communists always wind up having to force everyone to do their share.
Step back and look at the bigger picture, these ideas have been tested hundreds of times with reoccurring results. Any anomaly or inconsistency you think you have found is probably a result of bad information - there is a shit ton of completely bullshit history in favor of socialism. Cuba is a horror show, Venezuela was supposedly a socialist success story until things went the way they always do. Look for interviews with people from these places - people always say, "things will be different here." Just like people in the US say Bernie is different, but the economic rot imposed in the event of his election will be exactly the same.
@_date: 2016-12-29 22:20:37
Bush policies subsidized housing loans for the poor and fed a housing bubble, he made education even less about learning and more about going through the motions for some sort of participation trophy, he bombed a few countries, and spied on everyone - Obama policies have fueled and subsidized a healthcare nightmare, along with school debt that has made "higher learning" into an overpriced embarrassment, he bombed even more countries, and spied even more.
Show me any meaningful difference between the two and I will explain how you have bought into the propaganda that is the US political narrative of left vs right.
@_date: 2016-11-01 18:16:31
Government officials who commit crimes and the pawns who mindlessly do the evil biddings of their criminal overlords are the problem, not the people exposing them.
Don't be a fucking violent tool invading foreign lands to promote government power if you don't want your life to be in danger.
@_date: 2016-11-29 05:16:07
When it is needed for the real scaling solutions to function smoothly - on chain scaling without a second layer is a bandaid at best.


If by some stroke of luck all second and third layer solutions could function long term without any hard fork increase in block size would that be a bad thing? 1st layer bitcoin doesn't make sense for daily coffee purchases - if we get an instant, high volume, second layer that is more secure than other payment methods, and much more anonymous then why would a hard fork be needed at all?
@_date: 2017-08-19 23:32:59
It looks like there could be an attempt to mute the success of segwit activation by Ver and Jihan - there is a difficulty adjustment in BCH which will make BCH very profitable to mine for a short time until difficulty changes again. 
During this time if Jihan moves all of his mining power then blocks in BTC will come very slow and blocks in BCH will come fast. So despite being twice as large as they are today BTC blocks may still be slow enough to offset the increase in capacity for a little while... :/
@_date: 2016-12-03 17:49:05
Lol, you think the Euro and USD are "hard currencies" - you might actually be the clueless one here.
Both the US and Europe are facing problems caused by central planning and currency devaluation. The US attacks any country, regime, or individual that attempts to create any new form of sound money specifically because it exposes their crimes.
Debt is not required to live comfortably in any sort of properly functioning economy and such poor fiscal behaviors are incentivized and rewarded by governments because people in debt are easier to tax and control.
Sound money frees people of both debt and inflation costs - inflationary money tends to saddle people with both.
@_date: 2016-12-20 20:59:55
I would recommend doing a bit more research on the subject - US monetary and fiscal policy were actually quite clearly the cause of the great depression. Greenspan has an old essay explaining the policy leading up to the crisis and Thomas Sowell explains the policies that extended the problem in one of his books - maybe the Housing Boom and Bust - but the whole issue is pretty well covered by many people of the Austrian school of economic thought.
For comparison you could also look up the 1921 depression that wasn't. 
@_date: 2016-12-24 17:38:06
No, this is just not how things work - I hope at some point people will stop saying things like this.
This is like saying spend your savings on any arbitrary thing to "help the economy." 
What gives money value and grows an economy is saving, being fiscally responsible, and investing in only the things that create the most value in the lives of you and those around you.
Save your bitcoin, and only spend them when it might really change your life for the better.
@_date: 2016-12-29 20:24:00
Democracy is just mob rule, and it is something that should be avoided.
I am not a Trump supporter. I couldn't stomach the idea of voting for any of the choices so I abstained, but if someone put a gun to my head and made me choose I'd say he is certainly a better choice than the Clinton crime syndicate.
I am not happy with the direction that the US has moved over the last 100+ years. Liberal no longer means "liberal," but rather some sort of authoritarian leftism, and the republicans are basically all left of Kennedy at this point.
Bitcoin is important largely because it represents a way to escape the political train-wrecks of the world. Agorism is the only rational way forward IMO. Hoping someone else will get elected and fix things for you is just an immature fantasy - no reason to waste any energy or resources on those sorts of things at all.
@_date: 2015-08-17 15:08:08
The network effect makes it less costly (easier) to interact with people or nodes when they are all on the same network - right? Hence the first mover advantage of Bitcoin and the reason it's so hard to compete with Facebook or Reddit despite undesirable company actions. 
If the blocks remain small, then (with growth) the cost of Bitcoin transactions goes up, and small everyday transactions will be pushed to sub-networks or lightening networks where one person or group might have more say in how transactions are handled (unless I'm completely misunderstanding something which is entirely possible). The low cost and added speed of lightening transactions will only apply within said sub-network meaning that there may be a tendency toward very few sub-networks. 
@_date: 2015-08-17 19:32:50


Said I was not very knowledgable on the subject and was mainly asking for info. I was responding to someone suggesting I elaborate on my (as I stated probably ignorant) concerns.


I get that any sub-network is still going to be a part of Bitcoin. And it probably is just a misunderstanding on my part, but I don't see how lightning networks or channels or whatever won't involve some sort of on-ramp and off-ramp sort of transactions - which seems likely to make them subject to some sort of network effect. Am I wrong in thinking there would multiple sort of competing lightning networks? And within each, transactions would be faster and cheaper? And they would likely take place on a single server or a group of servers that act as a sort of intermediary between users and the blockchain?
 


"Settled coins" - Is there some window between Bitcoin blocks where transactions on lightning networks might be subject to some sort of third party influence/lightning admin dictates?
I get all of the scalability concerns - I didn't say lightning networks had no place, I said why not both larger blocks and lightning networks?  
@_date: 2017-11-10 18:16:52
No, the growing node support for UASF (bip148) and the game theory involved made it obvious that segwit would be activated with or without miner support. So a conference was thrown together to sell "segwit2x" (which at the time was a vaporware HF proposal). They wanted to make it look as though the same people who had been blocking segwit were now making segwit possible. They saw the parade coming and jumped out in front so they could pretend to lead.
@_date: 2017-11-11 22:25:25
Basically, if you want to process Visa (or greater) levels of transactions on chain, then every bitcoin node has to be in a Visa sized datacenter. How many nodes will there be? How many Visas are there? And how do we prevent gate keepers then?
If, on the other hand, everyone can run a node and people could securely batch/process as many transactions as they need to make - with blockchain settlement at regular intervals or when it makes sense to do so - then the ability to add capacity to bitcoin is determined by what users/companies can securely process *between* on chain transactions. So long as the 2nd and 3rd layer protocols prevent any sort of fractional accounting - which they do - then the system should easily compete with more centralized payment systems. And we will likely see a total infrastructure inversion as Andreas Antonopolous has spoken about.
@_date: 2017-11-24 18:37:50
The order of evolution is: 
collectible, store of value, medium of exchange, unit of account. 
We are still in the store of value stage. The instant transactions and fungibility that will be the result of the Lightning Network and the efficient coin mixing enabled by layer two tech will begin to make Bitcoin a medium of exchange.
@_date: 2017-11-11 21:33:51
The fundamentals are actually completely different among different coins. BCH has basically 1 miner and the development team is nothing compared to bitcoin. The node count is also very small, and if blocks were to actually fill up the average person would have a very difficult time running a BCH node. Miners also have the ability to temporarily change the inflation rate of BCH. 
What makes these coins valuable is the limited supply, decentralized history records and rule enforcement (the number of full nodes), competition among miners, the development team working to solve scaling problems in ways that are sustainable long term, and developers working to create widespread anonymity/fungibility.
@_date: 2017-11-08 16:00:54
LN nodes will not be subjected to KYC/AML - the LN network actually makes it so that exchanges may not have to hold anyone's coins, so it removes the need for all exchange accounts to be KYC/AML compliant.
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:58:39
Bitcoin is an entirely new thing. The world's first digital commodity, and a probabilistic solution to a formally impossible to solve information coordination problem. 
It's technology that enables financial sovereignty to anyone who wants it, which will likely prove to be one of the most important developments in human history, and people think it has no use...
@_date: 2017-11-25 05:42:55
I am not saying that bitcoin cannot be used as a medium of exchange right now, because it can be, but most bitcoin related transactions are taking place on centralized servers or they involve gift cards and cash cards purchased with bitcoin. So right now it is mostly being used to store value between moves in and out of these more liquid bank like accounting platforms.
With Lightning, retailers will be much better able to scale their own ability accept bitcoin directly. I think we will see a whole new phase of adoption, in which bitcoin will begin to look more like a medium of exchange. We may begin to see some producers and service providers refusing to accept anything but bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-30 22:06:18
Am that weirdo, bought for the financial sovereignty, and to escape inflation that pays for wars and lots of other crap I don't support. ROI is just a nice side benefit.
@_date: 2017-11-19 09:21:25
"no longer".... You must be new here, volatility is actually less now than it was at the beginning. $30 to $2 was much more painful than anything we have seen recently.
@_date: 2017-11-08 03:59:34
If you just eat meat and veggies and go easy on the fruit, while avoiding bread/grain/corn, processed foods, MSG, sugar, soy, canola oil, and most dairy products - you would probably have a very difficult time over eating enough to get fat in the first place.
@_date: 2015-07-16 13:13:18
Part of the reason to look at bitcoin is that no amount you put in a bank is actually "safe." There are laws on the books (post 2008) that allow banks to seize deposits and retirement accounts in the event of a financial crash. And even if they don't take anything from you in nominal terms, they are actively devaluing the dollar.
In the early 70's a Ferrari was $20,000 and a corvette was $7000, prices don't just naturally rise over time, they should actually fall with economic growth and technological progress - like we see with computers and cellphones. Those just happen to be the only areas of economic progress that can stay ahead of inflation these days.
@_date: 2015-07-20 05:48:54
Like a local mafia instead of a national religion.
@_date: 2017-11-16 01:05:24
You do understand that blocks of more than 2mb are currently possible with segwit, and that the very businesses bitching about scaling are the ones refusing to make use of the new capacity.
@_date: 2015-07-07 06:34:11
Banks exist to secure assets and facilitate trade, they are middle men. Bitcoin is a peer to peer financial network that can potentially eliminate said middle men by offering as much or more security when it comes to financial assets and trade as any modern day financial institution at a much lower cost, and potentially less risk (even if most of the risk of working with modern financial institutions goes largely unnoticed by the average person). 
@_date: 2015-07-07 09:50:12
It's not an advertised cap. A couple years back when it was half what it is now (and more expensive) they once tried to enforce it by blocking facebook and google with a notice to pay $50 for additional data, but I ignored it and used a VPN with no issues. The speeds are now 50-75 Mbits for $35-40 a month.
A VPS is a good idea though, don't know why I hadn't thought of that.
Edit: I still think it's something worth thinking about. 
Also, I've never seen a DSL service provide more than 10Mbits.
@_date: 2015-07-14 01:02:41
@_date: 2017-11-08 16:03:55
You don't have to rust anyone with your coins to use the Lightning Network, so there is no need for anything to be KYC/AML compliant. The LN will go a long way toward decentralizing exchanges.
@_date: 2015-07-07 08:05:34
But if someone goes about maxing out 20mb blocks, my running a full node for a month would use up a third of my cable Internet data cap (~100 of 300gigs). I already get notifications for hitting the data cap once every few months without my bitcoin node using a significant amount. If a middle class household in small town USA can't run a full node, how are people in the third world going to run them?
@_date: 2015-08-17 14:46:26
As one of those ignorant but interested community members - I am aware of how large blocks might impact my ability to run a node living in rural America - but other than that it seems like there could be just as much or more incentive toward centralization if blocks remain small (making the price of space in a block high as use increases) because of the impact the network effect could have on lightening networks. Why isn't that just as much of a concern? And why not increase the possible block size and then create lightning networks to help keep the actual block size down?
@_date: 2017-04-03 18:01:20
If only 1st world companies who can dedicate a separate business grade internet connection to running a bitcoin node can run full nodes then bitcoin is not decentralized and permission-less.
It is possible to scale bitcoin to a greater degree without such resource requirements.
@_date: 2015-07-08 00:47:50
So bitcoin is now an elitist technology?
@_date: 2015-07-07 06:26:17
What makes it "write-only" is the security provided by the mining network which only exists because there is a currency attached to it all that has value.
@_date: 2015-07-07 07:03:12
So is there a way (or could there be) for wallets to detect this condition and automatically increase the fee or notify the user? 
@_date: 2015-07-07 09:33:40
This "attack" doesn't do anything except slightly increase the necessary transaction fees.
@_date: 2017-11-10 13:11:16
"Big blockers" have been blocking segwit for more than a year, and a couple of the loudest miners (Jihan and Roger) have been regularly mining small and empty blocks. The actions of the people who claim so dearly to care about scaling suggest that they have other motives.
@_date: 2017-04-05 06:10:58
I think it is very likely that the block size will mostly become irrelevant as the LN and side chains are enabled. Side chains can be used to add new features and increase capacity and the LN has the potential to tie multiple coins/tokens together in a value transfer web. 
@_date: 2017-04-06 03:37:39
Yeah, you are probably sending a ~$1 fee.
@_date: 2017-04-27 02:14:54
The agreement was to create a plan for improving transaction capacity when litecoin blocks are half full. That's ~400x the current ltc network transaction volume. And what is Jihan gonna do, shut off some miners and make it profitable for others to step in? Threaten to hard fork when blocks are half full? At this point who would follow him?
@_date: 2016-02-04 23:34:36
From what I understand the inflation is linear so at some point the change in supply is so insignificant that it's irrelevant. 
A drop in a bucket vs a drop in a pool vs a drop in an ocean.
@_date: 2017-04-03 18:23:10
I have 100mbps, but that doesn't change the fact that a data cap prevents me from running a node and also engaging in my other normal internet habits. Increase the blocksize 8mb and no amount of bandwidth conservation, in terms of my other internet usage, would make it possible to run a node.
@_date: 2017-04-03 18:52:05
Well, your edited insult is slightly less rude than the one about my porn watching habits. Thanks.
A node needs to run most of the time if I want to be able to spend money at any time or make a trade via shapeshift, and this is totally ignoring that the proposed increase to 8mb would completely solidify my inability to run a node. This is also assuming that I don't have a need to run a node for another cryptocurrency.
Getting angry and insulting me doesn't change reality.
There is also the tragedy of the commons problem to think about. Bigger blocks can only magnify that.
@_date: 2017-04-02 23:42:04
That doesn't matter, there was no real price to allocate space and so businesses could dump all of their transaction needs on chain and raise my cost of operating a node. Systems where some people can freely impose costs on others are socialized and as a result they do not scale.
@_date: 2016-02-05 04:51:56
They mine new gold and silver every year too. I mean, I agree inflation is bad, but Bitcoin is currently still inflationary and will be for like 120 years. The limited and perfectly predictable inflation of something like Doge is much more like Bitcoin than the sort of inflation created at the whim of central bankers.
Dogecoin's inflation essentially approaches zero forever. I think it'll stick around. It's perfect for the sort of micro transactions that Bitcoin seems to be pretty bad at lately. It may take longer for it to appreciate, but the long game might not be a bad strategy in the crypto world. People certainly like to mine it and trade it, so it's got that going for it. And if other coins get really expensive Doge will have the benefit of looking more affordable to people. Coins that spread faster may have some advantages. Litecoin and Doge are okay in my book.
@_date: 2017-04-23 17:18:03
60¢ to $1
Lightning would definitely improve things, and I'd love the anonymity improvements that come with it and the other things enabled by segwit, but bigger blocks really do nothing to actually improve bitcoin. Bigger blocks only make it unlikely that I'll ever be able to run a full node again. 
I am often moving thousands of dollars of bitcoin and I would like for my exchanges to be as secure as possible. The Paypal 2.0 that Roger wants doesn't interest me at all. He has entirely the wrong approach to making bitcoin suitable for retail payments, and he seems to be completely ignorant of the tragedy of the commons problem.
This whole problem seems like a no brainer, and I think miners aren't even seriously supporting BU, they are just looking for ways to stall while they make $300k in daily extra fee revenue, and Jihan wants to hold on to his asicboost advantage worth another $100 million a year for as long as possible.
@_date: 2017-04-03 17:35:03
I had to stop running a node because of the bandwidth costs. Significantly bigger blocks mean that I will never be able to run a node. A "decentralized" network isn't decentralized if everyone has to use a middle man to access the network.
@_date: 2017-04-03 17:45:46
Okay, I guess the economics of raising the barriers to entry don't matter to you so this convo is pointless.
@_date: 2017-04-08 17:27:49
There is basically no scenario where transaction prices in bitcoin become higher than gold. Bitcoin is more limited than gold and can be teleported to anywhere in the world for whatever the fees happen to be. 
A million dollars in gold can only be moved as fast as you can ship a bag of concrete and if you want any sort of security in the process then the cost only goes up from there.
If we get segwit then bitcoin can be parked in addresses while thousands of instant transactions are made and then settled at once on chain. And sidechains can be used to add all sorts of extra capacity and features that on chain bitcoin isn't capable of doing.
@_date: 2017-04-02 01:29:56
Segwit gives everyone what they want - big block supporters can have massive extension block or sidechain nodes. It is only the BU approach that prevents some people from being served - and it seems, thankfully, that BU serves a smaller portion  of people than it harms and so it will die.
@_date: 2017-04-29 19:34:23
They are better, less expensive, and less centralized with segwit.
@_date: 2017-04-02 07:57:54
We are talking about a large group of people that has stuck their fingers in their ears and refused to read or listen to any of the material being produced by people trying to explain the core roadmap - just like you are doing right now. You don't seem to care about the technical arguments at all. I know of no way to rationalize someone out of an emotional position.
First the complaint was that segwit isn't ready, it was "vaporware." Then once it was ready, big block supporters said that the scaling problem was an emergency and began blocking segwit (which is 130% capacity increase), and they started calling the LN vaporware. Now the LN is ready, tumblebit is ready, drivechains are ready, and they all either need or are improved by segwit and people like you are still supporting a hard fork that will wipe out a third of the nodes and prevent all of these things from being quickly implemented. BU supporters are preventing anonymity, instant payments, and an exponential increase in capacity, in the hopes of getting a linear increase in capacity. It's like Henry Ford is offering you a car and you are saying you'd prefer a faster horse.
And the BU code is a retarded mutant horse. Their code is so buggy that it will go down in the first couple hours of a fork and they will immediately blame core for not allowing them to exist, when it is their shit code that is the problem. Bitcoin has been under attack from the beginning, it's immunity is the source of everything that it is. Core nodes aren't just running because BU supporters are nice enough not to attack them, they run because there are no holes.
@_date: 2015-07-16 01:17:10
A core purpose of money is to store value, it is in large part the ability to account for past value creation over an extended period of time that makes any money useful for exchange in the first place. People who want to save in bitcoin are using it for one of its central intended purposes.
Anyone who see's bitcoin as an investment is quite literally transferring their past value creation into an investment in everyone who already believes in and depends on bitcoin.
Wanting to invest in the future growth a new and freer economy is perfectly rational and helpful to bitcoin. 
Paper wallets may be a good idea, a hardware wallet or linux loaded raspberry Pi might be a good idea, a multisig wallet, or even a blockchain.info wallet might suit your mother. It is early days still, the user friendliness of bitcoin will improve. And that is actually just another reason that now is probably a good time to invest.
@_date: 2017-04-23 16:06:54
Lol, average block time of 10 minutes - "I used to get 6 confirmations in 20-30 minutes" 
No, no you didn't.
Blocks are not any slower now than they have ever been, the fees are just higher.
If you are so afraid that bitcoin's value is going to just evaporate then buy something else.
@_date: 2017-04-05 06:03:50
Meh, realistically litecoin becomes much more valuable and relevant as a real world testbed for developments that will eventually make it back to bitcoin anyway.
@_date: 2017-04-27 02:09:22
The separate teams developing Lightning have agreed to a standard LN routing protocol which uses onion routing (like tor) by default.
Tumblebit which will be available for use in a month or so is massively improved by segwit which means cheaper and easier trustless coin-tumbling. The tumblebit devs have said they will port everything to litecoin if segwit gets activated.
Segwit enables sidechain development which means that literally any security model used by any other cryptocurrency can be layered on top of bitcoin/litecoin in new tokens that are provably backed by bitcoin/litecoin without further changing the underlying network.
Segwit opens the door to schnorr signatures which can improve mixing and transaction efficiency, also possibly ring signatures, and mimble wimble.
@_date: 2017-04-03 17:08:04
You are missing my point completely. Visa levels of transactions can only be recorded and processed by nodes with Visa levels of infrastructure. So unless you want only a few miners, members of the legacy banking system, and a couple tech giants to be able to run nodes then you need to rethink your approach to scaling.
@_date: 2017-04-02 19:51:19
Some people just need to calm the fuck down.
They are supporting segwit on Litecoin. If all goes well there we will get segwit on Bitcoin. Being conservative is not a bad thing.
Tumblebit is coming to bitcoin very soon, and removing the need for the current risky and block hogging tumblers should open up some space.
Bitcoin is doing just fine, and F2Pool really isn't the problem.
@_date: 2017-04-04 18:07:57
Why? That is not how I understand extension blocks to work. The original proposal suggests that miners can choose one way or another and the extension part of the network is just less secure.
@_date: 2017-04-29 05:04:51
All of which are made possible by segwit, which makes the LN possible. :)
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:12:19
Neither of the points I made are any sort of conspiracy theory nor are they anything that you can't just go look up. Monetary expansion via credit and fractional reserve banking is something the fed tracks. 
The fact that banks control transactions is illustrated all the time when people reverse charges. Individuals and companies have accounts frozen all the time for "suspicious" activities - the banks are a third party/middle-men in pretty much all non cash transactions. 
@_date: 2017-04-26 18:02:41
I think that is a really silly way to look at things. With segwit locked in, the LN and all of the new anonymity features will be available on litecoin in the coming weeks and it will be pretty much impossible to deny that segwit is hugely valuable.
It will only be more and more obvious that the bitcoin situation is just miners preventing bitcoin from growing and improving.
Getting segwit now - with a non-compromise about preparing for a block size increase in the event that litecoin's volume increases by like 400x - so that the development and testing of other features can continue to progress is *way* more desirable than risking some sort of bullshit battle that pits users against miners just to prove some abstract point.
@_date: 2015-07-07 06:36:58
Isn't the network only clogged for people not including transaction fees?
@_date: 2017-04-26 17:29:09
I mean he helped make it happen so no need to say FU. I think this whole mess is much more about stalling while money is being made than people realize.
@_date: 2016-02-03 22:01:24
You are correct, 'public goods' in the economic sense have nothing to do with taxation or government provision. They are often just a sort of positive externality created via voluntary innovation and trade.
IP is really just a violent attempt at creating artificial scarcity.
@_date: 2017-04-26 17:31:04
There really wasn't much of a compromise made.
@_date: 2017-04-06 03:10:23
"Quickly" - billions in infrastructure investments do not dry up quickly. I agree we need to get segwit activated, but if you can't see the tide has turned then I'd say open your eyes. 
Making it all out to be some sort of emergency isn't going to help anything. Acting out of fear solves nothing.
@_date: 2017-04-06 03:44:21
The price cannot really be determined until there are exchanges supporting both forks.
I kinda doubt it will happen at all which is the far better thing for bitcoin. It looks like the entire goal was really to block segwit, or at least stall it for a while.
@_date: 2017-04-23 06:24:49
You can trust the miners to be greedy and that's the problem - BU gives large miners the ability to impose costs on smaller miners and potentially drive out their competition by ratcheting up the blocksize and systematically spamming the network for free.
@_date: 2017-04-24 18:23:13
"Core" isn't some centralized singular entity. And if everyone was trustworthy and would just play nice with all networks all the time then bitcoin wouldn't need to be decentralized and trustless. 
BU is just garbage code that is vulnerable to attack.
@_date: 2017-04-26 13:20:49
This is kinda how I envision sidechains working, only without the need for any sort of federal reserve or fort knox. Just needs some sort of LN like locking system or proof of burn, etc.
@_date: 2017-04-03 17:03:16
Fiat money and the ability to devalue other people's wealth to fund wars, political power, and to attack people for victimless "crimes" is unethical. 
Bitcoin is the most equitable and ethical money to ever exist.
@_date: 2017-04-04 17:56:10
First, I am a huge proponent of segwit, and the work that core is doing.
Now, if extension blocks are completely opt-in, and the code is good, then I see absolutely zero reason to oppose this. Anything that allows big blockers and small blockers to exist within the same ecosystem is a good thing IMO. 
I will probably keep most of my coin on the small block part of the chain with the hope of getting a full node back up and running, but if people want to trust their coin to other node operators long term, then I don't see anything wrong with extension blocks. 
Side chains might be better, but time will only tell if all of the above is tried and tested.
@_date: 2017-04-22 16:49:59
Actually, if my understanding is correct, segwit can very simply become a hardfork after the overwhelming majority of the network has upgraded. The old block format can just be depreciated which then makes blocks 4mb, and when combined with schnorr signatures the witness data takes up so much less space that the transaction capacity is far greater than a hard fork to 4mb would produce today.
@_date: 2017-04-03 18:05:50
I live in a college town in NC and yet the only high bandwidth provider has a 300gig monthly data cap. If people in average US towns cannot run nodes then bitcoin is not an inclusive network.
@_date: 2017-04-26 18:08:12
Anonymous transactions and instant payments here we come! :)
@_date: 2017-04-23 07:07:52
This is great! 
Secure money is the foundation of everything else that cryptocurrencies might do, if only roger ver and others could get that, maybe we'd get past all of this bickering and nonsense.
@_date: 2017-04-03 16:45:06
Rude symbolic gestures should be met with violence - are you sure that *you* aren't the fascist?
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:14:29
Lol, name checks out... or does scamming the banks make you a *good* libertarian?
@_date: 2017-04-20 14:03:58
Bitcoin suffers from a couple of forms of socialization - node sizes and the miner subsidy. Socialized systems don't scale well because they allow some people to impose costs on others. If these problems are not properly addressed bitcoin will not work long term.
@_date: 2017-04-03 16:22:58
You have got to be kidding me. You can't understand that empty block space drives fees toward zero? Zero fee transactions still get confirmed today, it might take a week or so, but they do generally get confirmed. And near zero fees do not solve the tragedy of the commons problem. That can only be solved by sufficiently high enough fees to incentivize conservation, and a modularity in the approach to scaling  such that most everyone who wants to contribute in some way and participate directly in the bitcoin network can in some capacity. 
Lite clients are like leechers in a file sharing network. We need seeders. Bigger blocks sets a higher minimum donation, which reduces the amount of donations, with an expressed goal of attracting new leechers. It's horrible for the decentralization that makes all the important features of bitcoin possible.
@_date: 2017-04-02 17:08:29
Blocks have to be full, there is unbounded demand for free transactions. People need to scale their own transaction needs without imposing costs on others. If blocks are not full the everyone assumes the network will scale their business for them and they become blockchain hogs. 
@_date: 2017-04-05 23:50:32
Jihan found an exploit in the bitcoin code that gives him a major mining advantage, this exploit (and his advantage) are eliminated by segwit. 
He doesn't want to give up the major competitive edge he currently has that is earning him tens of millions per year in additional revenue.
Its like if you are playing an online game and you found a hack that lets you fly while others cannot and you have the power to prevent an update that would eliminate your power to fly. Only in this case we are talking about someone blocking billions in new investments and features in a revolutionary currency system for their own personal gain.
@_date: 2017-04-03 16:55:02
When block sizes are ratcheted up every time blocks look to be almost full of free transactions node operators will begin to realize they cannot continue to accept larger blocks forever, so they will either stop running nodes or resist by changing their acceptance depth to reject larger blocks. 
@_date: 2015-07-07 06:56:47
Minimums should never be hard set, if that is done the market is no longer free to determine the minimum fee. Unconfirmed transactions are just the network's way of communicating to everyone that the minimum isn't zero right now.
If the spammers continue their work on 5mb or 20mb blocks, then what? You have increased the cost of operating a node, and free transactions still won't be processed. Block size increases are not a long term solution.
@_date: 2016-02-12 17:00:29
Because they make money by creating inflation - loaning money they don't have. And they make money by being a third party to all transactions.
Edit: if they create another Bitcoin that is actually competitive then they'd just be miners, they'd no longer have control of transactions, they'd no longer be using the dollar, they'd be putting the federal reserve out of business, and removing massive amounts of power from the US gov't.
@_date: 2017-04-07 03:10:51
Idk, I am not really following ethereum closely - I kinda think it lacks the fundamentals and it's more like investing in vitalik. Maybe that'll pay off, but it's not what I got into crypto for.
@_date: 2017-04-23 16:33:45
I have been making transactions daily and I get into the next block every time.
@_date: 2017-04-07 17:42:42
If the extension blocks have to be mined by all miners then the tragedy of the commons problem has not been addressed and the proposal is really no better than bigger blocks.
@_date: 2017-04-03 18:28:04
Running a full node in the default configuration at the current 1mb block size uses about 200gigs per month, maybe you should do a little more research.
@_date: 2017-04-01 00:24:52
Actually, I think as long as segwit gets activated (which I believe it will eventually) then $10+ dollar fees would only ensure that there would be a robust LN and sidechains and other trust free options for making bitcoin value transfers. I could be wrong, but I think custodial bitcoin services will peak and begin to decline after segwit activates. 
@_date: 2017-04-19 23:19:54
Great things will only come if it remains decentralized and secure for all users - the core devs are very focused on that. If the bigblock supporters/core opposition were to get their way I think they would create the very scenario they fear in which something else would eventually replace bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-19 22:42:32


The overwhelming majority of businesses and exchanges in the crypto-space seem to suggest otherwise.
@_date: 2017-04-06 02:58:29
So this whole mess has basically been a bunch of projection, blame shifting, and preemptive false equivalence.
@_date: 2017-04-03 16:57:34
Yeah, F2Pool is supporting segwit on litecoin and has said they will see what happens there in order to better make a decision on bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-04 19:23:16
So maybe we need a merge mined "bigblock" sidechain proposal to appease jihan and roger and co...?
@_date: 2017-04-03 17:27:13
Schnorr makes all signatures the same size.
@_date: 2016-02-12 16:33:31
It is bitcoin's lack of inflation and lack of 3rd party control of transactions that make it valuable in ways that banks simply can't copy. 
A system with no inflation prevents making loans with money that isn't there. No inflation prevents fractional reserve banking, and they are the 3rd party - they can't get rid of themselves and stay in business. 
It doesn't matter that people don't understand Austrian economics, just like it doesn't matter that uber and Airbnb are technically illegal in most places - when people can both make and save money without asking permission, they tend to do it.
@_date: 2017-04-26 18:14:21
No one bets against the market forever, he is stalling while he reaps some return. I predict segwit will be activated on bitcoin. Getting it added to litecoin is the first step.
There is no rush, intelligent money likes conservative and predictable. Bitcoin works beautifully.
@_date: 2017-04-06 04:42:15
Segwit is a multifaceted security fix that happens to also improve capacity. Ltc needs the security fixes in order for instant transfers, decentralized exchange, and anonymous transactions to be possible, among other things.
@_date: 2017-04-03 16:37:47
I have litecoin, and I want it to go up as much as the next guy, but I don't think it is a threat to bitcoin. I think it will help bitcoin get segwit. And in the long run it will improve the functionality of the LN by facilitating bitcoin value transfers using litecoin channels where necessary. 
There is a lot of room in the cryptocurrency ecosphere, IMO litecoin is bitcoin's greatest ally.
@_date: 2016-02-16 23:33:31
Thanks to for such a great recap.
@_date: 2017-04-03 17:15:39
Tools, preferences, fiat - choose none.
If the amount received in bitcoin is correct then you haven't lost anything. The dollar amount is gonna fluctuate, rapidly at times. Just hodl.
@_date: 2017-04-26 18:05:54
UASF is not really a desirable way to accomplish anything. It's a nice threat, and bargaining chip, but setting precedent that upgrades can be made with a mechanism that is vulnerable to a sybil attack is a bad idea IMO. 
Deadlock is far better than making it easy to change bitcoin in bad ways.
@_date: 2016-09-24 17:03:01
No, sound money acts as a meta stock - people save and it's like investing in the entire economy. 
Governments and banks just want to prevent people from having a secure means of investment so that they will have to risk their money on stocks and bonds and pay brokerage fees - money is just as productive an asset as any stock or bond.
@_date: 2016-09-22 18:32:45
Considering future innovation and best bang for the buck is rational consumption. You don't make choices in a time vacuum.
Edit: allocating resources across time is just as important as allocating current supplies today. If you use everything up today then there is nothing for tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-04-24 22:41:02
No one knows who is pulling triggers here and assumptions aren't helpful - bitcoin is a network that is constantly under attack. The only part of the network that can't stand the heat is BU.
@_date: 2017-04-02 20:22:26
There is nothing libertarian about forcing nodes to accept bigger blocks or leave, and there is nothing libertarian about allowing people like roger to use the network to scale his business for free while other node operators who are more conservative when it comes to using bitcoin foot the bill. 
In a free market Roger would have to build his own scaling solutions without imposing costs on others, which is what the LN makes possible. With the LN high volume users go from being blockchain hogs that increase the cost of using bitcoin to LN assets that reduce the cost of using bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-09-22 18:54:02
No price deflation or inflation means that the money supply must be changed in order to stabilize changes in supply and production. And this can only be done to stabilize very few prices - so one would have to choose which prices were more important. If one attempted to stabilize prices in he tech sector then there would be massive inflation in all other sectors. If one tries to stabilize the average price of some slowing moving sector like housing or farming then there would be deflation in most other sectors - it's a fools game that produces all sorts of economic distortions.
Bitcoin, though inflationary now, will have neither inflation nor deflation of the money supply at some point in the future. What prices do is up to the market.
@_date: 2016-09-24 22:12:19
So, have you ever purchased any bitcoin? If you had saved thousands of bitcoin from early days, the financial security which that created for you would make you want to consume less? You would have no desire to spend any of it on anything that might improve your life? If this is how things work then why the fuck do so many early adopters have fancy cars with btc license plates and why are they flying all over the world and investing in all sorts of productive projects?
The empirical evidence provided by bitcoin, which has appreciated tremendously, proves that what you are saying is completely wrong.
Someone who only wants a bare minimum lifestyle hardly needs any money at all - why work to save anything?
"Purchasing currency" is done by producing something that people with said currency want - you must induce people to spend the sound money in order to obtain it. Your argument is wrong just on the face of things.
@_date: 2016-09-24 05:26:17
Yes, miners are doing calculations that protect the network and are rewarded with new coins.
@_date: 2016-09-29 18:25:17
Or the disaster that is US financial restrictions, and then the fact that the company that he is sending money to doesn't actually even accept bitcoin is most of the rest of the problem.
@_date: 2016-09-22 21:12:48
My bad, I guess somehow all the talk of the NYSE and Nasdaq and things happening at the closing bell time caused me to miss that this was happening on a separate 24 hour exchange.
I just read the blog post, but I'm still kinda fuzzy on the whole thing, is it more or less a way to find the some sort of daily buy and sell averages? Are these trades only executed once a day - it says orders are filled instantly?
@_date: 2016-09-22 19:51:35
That sort of delayed spending is a result of credit bubbles and controls on the price of interest that actually steal demand from the future.
Interest rates are just prices, which like all prices should be a reflection of supply and demand - in this case the supply of savings or loanable funds, vs the demand to consume outside of one's current means or service debt.
So when central banks, or fractional reserve polices, push down the price of interest by divorcing the supply of loanable funds from the actual supply of savings they are artificially removing the constraints of current production from the ability for people to consume now. Current production is no less real a constraint, but when money no longer communicates that this constraint exists people will drive right into it.  
Increasing the amount of debt now necessarily reduces the amount one can consume in the future.
Price inflation from credit expansion will always create an future period of price deflation of equal magnitude. 
The fed has created so much credit expansion and destroyed saving rates to such a point now that it will basically never be able to let interest rates return to anything close to their natural state, until they completely lose all control of the price of interest. It will be ugly either way.
@_date: 2016-09-08 22:02:17


The overwhelming majority of the illicit trade trade happening in Bitcoin is drugs, the prohibition of which introduces violence where there would otherwise be none - just as we saw the rise of violent gangs in the alcohol trade during alcohol prohibition. So the use of bitcoin to buy drugs is effectively defunding drug cartels and making trade more peaceful. There is a ton of literature on the destructive nature of the war on drugs. 
Everyone should also have access to weapons, and while I think it's a insignificant amount of dark web trading, I don't see how that is a bad thing either - weapons are neutral, they don't kill people any more than spoons make people fat. 
Child porn and sex trafficking are paid for in all forms of money, so it seems kinda irrelevant. It's the large scale institutional violence that is funded via the devaluation of dollar holdings that are the source of a large portion of the current global conflicts. Saving in Bitcoin means you are neither subject to said devaluations nor contributing to the wars they fund or the organizations that start them.


Bitcoin is at this point still a fairly new technology and as such is still speculative. That said, my Bitcoin savings has appreciated wildly over the years - no other potential investment really compares. Bitcoin isn't really an organization, it's a protocol, how does it become parasitic? Your words seem to suggest you don't really grasp what Bitcoin even is. Legacy force funded organizations cannot survive in anything like their current forms without a significant amount of monopoly control over money. When competing independent currencies exist with no regime to point guns at, and trade requires no third party, money becomes very difficult to tax and control. The fact that we compare btc to dollars is completely meaningless, I'm not sure why you'd even think that matters.


Wtf is a "central libertarian"? It sounds like you are pretending to be some sort of authority on a subject which you really know very little about so that you can claim to have knowledge of 'flaws' without actually making an argument. 
If you really want to understand Bitcoin and why it matters then read the Internet of Money by Andreas Antonoplous or maybe watch Joe Rogan's recent interview with him. And maybe Bitcoin isn't for you, if you don't have any desire to actually do a little research then I don't see why you should worry about Bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2016-09-22 18:46:50
And that it's no detriment to the market - the tech sector is the strongest part of the economy.
But since you seem to disagree, which prices should monetary inflation be used to stabilize - in what sector should innovation be prevented from creating consumer surplus via monetary manipulations?
@_date: 2016-09-22 22:44:45
Thanks, I did see that, but it also says "instant settlement" big and bold - if it's "instant" at 4:00 then isn't that kinda like someone saying "free for $20"?
A slower means of trading and helping match buy and ask prices over a 24 hour period is certainly interesting - maybe it'll help reduce volatility? But why not just say - "trade via auction and don't worry about being caught up in momentary volatility"? It seems like it's being framed incorrectly IMO.
@_date: 2016-09-23 21:11:47
That's just bullshit. The times of the greatest increases in prosperity in human history have been when sound money was dominant. It is the departure from sound money that has led to the collapse of every wealthy society - the US and Europe will suffer similar fates.
You should stop mindlessly repeating what you have been told and go rethink some of these things. The war and government spending didn't end the depression - the depression ended when the war did, and when government spending decreased dramatically. It was federal reserve's easy money policy that caused the boom of the 20's which led to the depression in the first place. The president destroying crops and slaughtering livestock to keep prices from falling *caused* the breadlines and the poverty. Falling prices were the solution. Markets recover extremely fast when they are allowed to work.
The more recent bank bailouts have caused the long recession and slow recovery - resources should have been reallocated away from irresponsible actors with the bankruptcy of these large institutions, but instead resources were stolen from everyone else to save these parasitic, politically connected, organizations. This stuff is pretty much crystal clear once you know what to look for.
Your car doesn't help you get places more efficiently with a hole in the gas tank. Your body doesn't heal itself better when it's being drained of blood. Economies don't allocate wealth more efficiently when the tool for allocating wealth is being distorted. Counterfeiting is illegal because it's the theft of savings - it's not any less theft when people in suits do it and claim that it's legal.
@_date: 2016-09-22 18:28:51
I don't get why an auction is going to provide better price discovery than basic buy and sell offers. And I can't imagine how any market that is closed the majority of the time is going to provide better discovery than the current 24hr exchanges - this sounds like a bunch of marketing bullshit if you ask me, but I would love for someone to ELI5 how auctions are better.
@_date: 2016-09-24 20:11:11
Again, money is a proxy, the whole purpose of saving *is* future spending and investment.
Keynesians make the mistake of seeing excess capacity and idle resources as waste - really these things represent security and the ability to adjust to changing conditions. Saved money represents an economy's potential to change directions or address some new need quickly. Overconsumption (which results from shitty money that doesn't hold its value) is waste. 
Businesses are only empty if they are selling shit no one needs or wants. Everyone must consume to survive. 
In case you didn't get that: 
Everyone must consume to survive. 
Everyone must consume to survive. 
Everyone must consume to survive.
Demand is infinite, it does not need to be and in reality cannot be stimulated. The so called Keynesian stimulation is just a redistribution from fiscally responsible people to the irresponsible which always ends badly.  
It is supply that determines what demands can be met. Increasing the supply of goods and services available is the only way an economy grows. Increasing the supply of goods and services involves producing more and consuming less.
Getting a loan is the act of consuming outside of one's current means - it does not make sense to want to encourage this behavior. 
@_date: 2016-09-04 17:11:01
Since SS programs are generally just unsustainable Ponzi schemes, it seems rather impossible that transparency will be maintained or that they will be able to maintain the program for an extended period of time.
@_date: 2016-09-22 18:37:22
Go back and read what I said again, because I haven't contradicted myself.
@_date: 2016-09-24 21:14:52
People must consume to survive.
People have to produce in order to consume.
People investing in their own production by saving and producing capital is every bit as productive and efficient, if not more so, than investing in some other person's business. 
Again, direct investment via crowd funding is more efficient and decentralizes risk better than venture capital and bank facilitated loan markets.
@_date: 2016-09-08 22:10:20
Dude, Bitcoin is definitely not for you, why are you here?
@_date: 2016-09-08 20:33:02
The real appeal of Bitcoin is in its limited supply, and the lack of central control from behind closed doors. 
While it certainly has other useful features - the fact that it is a protocol that prevents the sort of arbitrary theft via inflation, which occurs by the trillions in national currencies every year, means that saving in Bitcoin prevents you from unknowingly funding mass murder, prohibitions of otherwise peaceful activities, and other forms of oppression. It also means that your savings is likely to appreciate with the increase in innovation and efficiency and productivity within the Bitcoin economy, without some giant parasitic organization absorbing what would otherwise translate into serious improvements in living standards.
What makes Bitcoin truly great is the inclusive libertarian principles and philosophy behind its existence - which is why so many people don't really get it. Most people blindly trust, and in many ways even worship, the authority figures who have power over them - Bitcoin seeks to eliminate authority and control, and to decentralize and automate the regulatory burdens that authority figures claim as a justification for their existence.
@_date: 2016-09-24 05:46:45
Right, it'll be fixed and therefore better at storing value than past money, just like it is more liquid, and more durable, and easier to transport, etc.
@_date: 2018-03-21 13:04:57
This is a bit like saying people won't be able to use email because of the user unfriendly state of development in 1990. The layers will be the how low knowledge users interface with the network simply and instantly. Anything complicated about it will be automated and happening in the background.
@_date: 2016-09-22 17:19:36
A currency is a means of accounting for value creation - you could make everyone want to spend all of their currency by completely destroying its ability to store value and it would no longer be a currency either.
A currency should appreciate as the economy and resources for which it can be exchanged grow - price deflation is the true measure of economic growth. 
Everyone needs to consume to survive, encouraging greater amounts of consumption via currency devaluation just leads to waste and frivolity.
Sound money produces a culture of fiscal responsibility and thoughtful consumption.
Money is a tool to facilitate the efficient allocation of resources, not to facilitate spending at all costs. 
@_date: 2016-09-23 18:10:50
Well, yeah possibly, because there is actually theft taking place - people who created and earned nothing are making loans with what is essentially counterfeit money and expecting to be paid back more than they lend. 
But interest rates have been ratcheting down for many decades now because there are efforts to keep the contractions from ever really being larger than the expansions.
@_date: 2016-09-23 19:51:14
Except that they create massive credit bubbles followed by market crashes that they then say requires more of the very policies that caused the problems in the first place. 
@_date: 2016-09-24 01:27:59
That is basically what "sound money" means - the supply can only be increased via productive effort, or not at all. 
That doesn't make the money deflationary in the monetary sense, but it does lead to price deflation in the face of economic growth and increasing productivity - again, like we see in the tech sector.
The overall value of money appreciated during the 19th and early 20th century in the US.
@_date: 2016-09-23 16:04:34
You need to distinguish between price deflation/inflation and monetary deflation/inflation.
Bitcoin has planned monetary inflation for many years, there is no planned monetary deflation. 
Again, what prices do is up to the market - as it should be. Trying to control prices never leads to anything good.
@_date: 2016-09-24 06:32:34
Bitcoin will experience zero monetary deflation, but it will likely experience price deflation just as we see in the tech sector today, as we saw in the periods of fastest growth in US history, and have seen over most of bitcoin's existence already.
Look, you admit that inflation makes people more inclined to part with a currency - but it also makes people less inclined to accept it. People actually hoard goods when money is too inflationary, one could just as easily make the argument that deflation drives people to sell more. There are two sides to that coin.
And the reality is that even a slow rate of inflation isn't sustainable long term - for one thing, it almost always accelerates in practice, but eventually the economic distortions are so great that everyone is unhappy with the way society is structured and has some sense that things are rigged. Inflation *is* redistribution. 
The average life of a fiat currency is ~23 years and they all die by inflation - not one has *ever* died of deflation.
It is true that I'd rather spend any dollars I have rather than bitcoin, but I greatly prefer being paid in bitcoin rather than dollars, and in cash rather than checks or debits. I am already to the point of often refusing checks and debits. At some point I will likely stop accepting dollars all together. I am working very hard to create things that people want enough to either make them want to part with their bitcoin, or to go out and get some bitcoin in order to buy my products. That is what sound money does - it drives innovation in an effort to induce new trades. I am willing to work harder and invest more because I perceive a much greater potential return. Eventually dollars and other inflationary currencies will only buy crap and at really high prices, and money that better holds its value will be required to buy more valuable things.
Savings is the source of all investment. A house cannot be built with promises to cut down trees in the future, the lumber has to actually exist.
But if you don't get it or don't agree that's fine, time will tell. My bets are on bitcoin, you can bet on dollars if you want.
@_date: 2016-09-21 03:37:53
A bunch of blockchained deep learnin' clouds.
@_date: 2016-09-24 18:53:03
If the entire economy was just an island town then your saving would be better - saving means that you produced without consuming which means that you created or increased the supply of real physical wealth and didn't consume any. Your saving also rewards businesses that are the most fiscally responsible and who serve people best as determined by the very people who give them money.
Conversely, if you were to loan money to the wrong businesses then you'd actually be facilitating an inefficient allocation of resources and increasing consumption in a way that makes real physical wealth more scarce for better businesses. It is possible that you could make the right investments and improve things, but having made loans means that these people then owe you more purchasing power than they actually received - it seems that crowd sourcing markets would be more efficient and involve much less risk of individual error than loan markets. And sound money does tend to discourage debt. 
Crowd sourcing is essentially allowing potential customers to invest directly in products and services that appeal to them. Loan markets are basically made up of nothing but middle men. 
When you buy an altcoin you are transferring wealth to people saving altcoins. When you buy a company stock you are basically just buying a company backed currency or altcoin. When you earn and save money you are investing in others doing the same - and unfortunately often helping sustain the inflationary policies that fund wars and the coercive dominance of certain markets. Thanks to bitcoin that is no longer always the case.
At the end of the day, money/bonds/stocks aren't real wealth, physical stuff is. Money is a proxy. So producing and actively increasing the supply of real stuff while limiting your own consumption to just the things that best serve you is one of the best things anyone can do.
@_date: 2016-09-25 17:29:41
Buying and saving bitcoin is like transferring purchasing power to the bitcoin economy. Anything that drives the price up gives the entire space a greater command of resources and a greater ability to accomplish goals.
The only thing better than saving would be producing some desirable good or service that is only available for bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-09-02 07:19:25
Agorism ftw!
@_date: 2016-09-24 05:31:41
@_date: 2016-09-24 22:38:05
Okay, again, there are plenty of inflationary currencies, go use them if you think sound money is destructive to economic activity. Leave us poor fools in peace with our silly experiment - I know I personally don't want or need people like you involved. 
I majored in econ, I paid to be taught all the things you seem to believe, and I came to the conclusion that said teachings were wrong. I promise, you can't save me from my current beliefs on the matter.
@_date: 2016-09-23 18:03:43
Sure, but the alternative is to create how much monetary inflation in order to marginally stabilize which prices at the expense of all others? 
You cannot ever stabilize all prices, so by what non arbitrary means does one determine which prices the central planners should try to stabilize? 
@_date: 2016-09-22 18:10:04
I agree, but it should be neither deflationary or inflationary in terms of the underlying supply - prices, on the other hand, should be free to respond to what people do with the money.
Falling prices as a result of increased production are not an external incentive to hoard anything - prices are always falling in the tech sector, but that doesn't prevent people from buying computers or other electronic devices.
Falling prices are actually an incentive to spend - it is the result of the market trying to create something useful enough or interesting enough to get people to part with their money.
Rational spending cannot be done without considering the future.
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:23:37
Lol, okay.
When bitcoin appreciates, people consume and take profits. I am a very frugal person, but I spend much more freely when we are hitting all time highs.
The appreciation is the result of the market trying to find the price at which people *are* willing to part with bitcoin.
If someone is going hungry because no one wants what they are selling then they need to find something they can create that people actually want - destroying the value of money so that buying any random crap is better than holding money doesn't improve people's lives.
@_date: 2016-09-24 17:59:44
Buying a stock does what? It transfers purchasing power or the potential to acquire resources to a company.
Saving money or producing without consuming transfers purchasing power via price deflation to anyone who is saving to achieve some future investment goal.
If I want to build a business, but I need a certain amount of money/purchasing power/resource access, then more people saving and making the currency I use more valuable via increased scarcity and productivity transfers purchasing power to me and allows me to achieve the particular command of resources I need to make the investment I need to make in capital goods.
The difference is that stocks require risking value or purchasing power on one investment, while saving is like investing in all productive and fiscally responsible activities in the economy at once. 
@_date: 2016-09-03 21:02:24
That's not really how this works. We aren't even looking at a 10% move, this is the Bitcoin version of clear sky's and smooth sailing. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 20:20:07
What seems irrational or not "level headed" about wanting to end forced funding? 
The goal of creating an anonymous, decentralized currency is censorship resistance and theft/tax avoidance. There cannot be a war that people do not want of they cannot be forced to fund it.
Just because my views exist outside the Overton Window of the average person does not make them irrational or unrealistic or even cynical - how something appears to some people has little to no bearing on the reality of the matter.
Tell me, how does one make an organization work for them when said organization can tell that person what to do and how much they have to pay regardless of how well  they are served by it?
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:39:40
First lets define things - the free market is just people trading and cooperating to meet the needs of others or to reach some goal via voluntary funding.
Governments are violent, force funded, monopoly organizations.
Now, literally everything about the internet and the personal computer that you know today was built by the free market. 
And even if there was some critical idea somewhere along the way that was dreamed up by some government official, there is no reason that person couldn't have had that same idea while working for an organization that isn't funded by force. 
Governments basically only develop things that kill people in large numbers which isn't a line of products that is high on the list of consumers' needs. The aim of a force funded organization is never to satisfy customers it is always to control people or destroy opposition, because customer satisfaction is only a concern when you believe your "customers" have a right to refuse service or shop elsewhere.
@_date: 2016-09-25 17:25:48
Second most important - the first would be producing some valuable good or service that is only available in exchange for bitcoin. :)
@_date: 2017-09-08 13:30:08
What good is having more money if you refuse to buy things you want? What is the purpose of saving in the first place? Isn't the goal of saving to eventually have the ability to buy all the things you want? "Financial freedom" comes at different price levels for different people. 
If what you were saying was true then no one would ever buy a computer or cell phone - you can get a much better device for the same money every year. That is price deflation. The tech sector is just the only industry in which advancements continually out-pace dollar inflation. Do you see a lack of sales in the tech industry?
@_date: 2017-09-15 17:43:27
Contrary to popular belief, "regulations" just tend to allow the rich to buy laws and lobby for subsidies that prevent anyone from competing with them.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:30:33
It's akin to trying to bleed an economy into good health.
@_date: 2017-09-17 23:40:18
"Stealing our terms" presupposes some sort of ownership, lol.
No one is pretending to be anarchist in an effort to be like ancoms - no one wants anything to do with violent people that have a tendency to fling their own fecal matter. 
It's just the basic etymology and definitions of the words that leave us with nothing more accurate to describe our positions. Monarchy is government with a single ruler, oligarchy is a government with a ruling group, minarchy is limited government, and anarchy is no government. 
The only meaningful definition of government that I know of is a political monopoly on the use of force and coercion. So anarchy would be no violent political monopoly. Which implies nothing about how people arrange themselves in the absence of a violent political overclass. It just suggests that all relationships/interaction when it comes to organizing society and distributing resources should be voluntary in order for there to be anarchy. 
"Most influential" is very debatable, and either way it sounds like you have never actually read any of Hayek's work.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:03:40
People must consume to survive. There is no situation in which people starve because of a desire to defer consumption - on the other hand, there have been many mass starvations because of inflation.
Money that incentivizes intelligent consumption and dissuades people from over consumption is an extremely good thing. Inflation does the opposite.
@_date: 2017-09-15 17:52:29
Because despite all of the stories there were actually fewer murders and bank robberies in all of the wild west than there are in a few months in most major cities with "gun control," and more regulations than anyone could read in a lifetime, today. 
The attempts to centralize power and create ways of controlling others does more to empower corrupt, greedy, power hungry people than any amount of freedom could ever do.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:07:32
A fixed money supply naturally results in falling prices - basically everything else is meddling.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:05:30
Inflation is always bad.
@_date: 2017-09-09 00:21:20
Bitcoin is the sort of innovation that will set more people free and save more lives than the invention of soap or penicillin. 
The fact that it requires a lot of electricity to mine actually creates a massive financial incentive to innovate in the energy industry. Energy production having been regulated as a utility has largely been protected from competition and innovation for decades. 
Bitcoin also has the potential to automate most of the financial industry which is one of the most corrupt and resource hungry industries in the world. A sector of the economy that has been fueling wars and government corruption in nearly every country going back thousands of years.
@_date: 2017-09-17 22:28:36
There isn't one all important guy, and Hayek was a minarchist so there are many things he believed with which I disagree. Real ancaps don't just parrot someone else's theory they understand principles and apply them to the world for themselves.
But if you want some ancaps who get most things right you can listen to Tom Woods on his podcast, or read some of his many books, or join his online educational program. You can listen to Dave Smith on the Part of the Problem podcast, or Brett Vinotte on The School Sucks Podcast, or you can read the mountain of readable content produced by Murray Rothbard. I don't know why you would spend so much time fixated on Hayek.
Anarchism is just a lack of involuntary political authority over others - "no rulers"
Capitalism is just free trade with respect for property ownership. I'll assume you own a pillow and a computer, so you own the means for producing more comfortable sleep and all sorts of media. In at least this respect you are a practicing capitalist. If you sell your labor and buy things from people these are also capitalist practices. Owning tools that improve our lives and trading are the most natural things in the world - they are what make us human and keep us civilized. Whenever property rights and trade are destroyed people end up murdering each other and destroying basically everything.
@_date: 2017-09-17 19:14:43
Bitcoin is basically proof that Austrian economics is accurate. You can hate ancaps and free markets all you want, but if you own bitcoin you are contributing (even if only a little) to ancap goals and detracting from government power. 
Bitcoin is a free market creation, bittorrent is a free market creation, all open source software is voluntarily funded and created and as such is a product of free market activity.
The only meaningful distinction between governments and other organizations is the extortion and threat or use of violence and coercion in dealing with others. Everything else is just cooperation or businesses and charities competing for customers and donations.
@_date: 2017-09-08 13:21:40
I majored in econ with a focus on money and banking and have basically been studying the subject everyday for a decade now. Bought bitcoin at ~$2 and have been hodling ever since.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:52:00
There is a fixed amount of gold on the planet and it takes work to extract it, now maybe asteroid mining will be a thing but the cost of going out to get it should keep the supply fairly restricted, so unless we discover some sort of alchemy the supply is pretty well limited.
@_date: 2017-09-15 18:21:20
I am not romanticizing anything. Technological progress has made life infinitely better - despite the increasing political intervention in the economy. What we want is the gains of technological progress (which are wholly the result of free market activity anyway) and no political overclass fucking up the freedom to put that new tech to use in beneficial ways.
@_date: 2017-09-09 00:08:56
Knowledge, understanding, and the desire to escape government financial censorship and oppression.
Many people who are fascinated by the technological innovation and advancement in information coordination are in bitcoin for the long term.
People who understand the massive corruption and destruction of money that is rampant in central banking systems around the world are in bitcoin for the long term.
And people who are not legally allowed to own wealth, political prisoners like Julian Assange who aren't able to move money within the legacy system, and those who deal in prohibited goods are all in bitcoin for the long term.
@_date: 2017-10-19 00:19:53
It's actually not an easy thing to explain simply. There are a number of analogies that can be made, but they fall apart rather quickly beyond the first level of explanation. It's a sort of tragedy of the commons problem.
Roads suffer from a similar sort of problem because their cost is socialized. People are forced to pay for tons of capacity whether they use the roads or not, but still they are completely clogged at certain times of day and completely empty at others.
We need as close to a free market in direct network participation as possible because socialization doesn't scale sustainably. Creating ever higher barriers to entry (massive cost of basic node operation) is not facilitating any sort of free market. It is also making the network more vulnerable to attackers. To be a truly decentralized, anti-fragile, and indestructible global network that anyone can use there must be many millions, or hundreds of millions of nodes relaying information.
If everyone had to have the same sized house there would not be a free market in housing, right? Some people want mansions, but how many people could own a house if all houses had to be mansions? That's what the current situation is with nodes, they all have to be the same size. So we need to make it possible for casinos and exchanges and other high volume businesses to build big nodes, while still allowing people like me to have smaller ones without one having any security or information advantage over the other. The only way to do that is to keep the primary layer nodes small and affordable, and then make it possible to add massive additions to the based node in a 2nd and/or 3rd layer.
@_date: 2016-09-30 15:54:15
Oh shit, you showed us silly buttcoiners, bitcoin = beanie babies!
@_date: 2017-09-15 19:17:26
Trillions upon trillions of dollars are being stolen from the population as a whole every year. The US "land of the free" has more people locked in cages than communist China. 
What actual difference is there between the left and right political regimes? Bush created a housing bubble, bombed a bunch of people, and spent more than every president before him combined. Obama created a college and health industry bubble, bombed more people than Bush, and spent more than every president before him combined.
Bernie ran on the idea of "free everything," "eating the rich" and "too many choices" which is completely insane, then he took the campaign money he raised and bought a vacation home. Gary Johnson is an idiot. Hillary is a complete psychopath with a political career that consists of insane amounts of bribery, covering for rapists, and a pile of dead bodies. Does anything even need to be said about Trump? The media attacks Trump for being impolite and praises him for bombing people.
There is no saving a system this corrupt. One cannot take over the mafia from the inside and turn it into a charitable organization. You do not fight criminals via the channels they set up for you to fight them.
That's why bitcoin exists - it is the cypherpunk answer to the fed and the financial crisis and bailouts. That's why defense distributed and the ghost gunner exist - it is the answer to the efforts to centralize all control of weapons in the hands of the political overclass. You don't ask criminals to stop stealing from you or trying to manipulate you - you make it so their efforts to steal and manipulate are meaningless.
Forced funding can never fuel anything but corruption. Good ideas do not require force. Bitcoin has the potential to make many forms of mass forced funding a thing of the past - and that is why it is so important and revolutionary. And the most beautiful thing is, the average person will be incentivized by financial gain to contribute to anarcho-capitalist goals whether they agree to the or not. If you own bitcoin you are helping - even if only a little - to destroy the government power to tax people via inflation and censor economic activity. That power is so foundational to the current structure of things that governments cannot exist in anything like their current forms without it.
@_date: 2017-10-18 23:38:33
The rate of appreciation in bitcoin will facilitate, and probably already is facilitating far more economic growth than any rate of inflation small or large ever could.
Saying that inflation spurs business investment, is like saying that if you popped a hole in my gas tank it would be cheaper for me to drive my car relative to the cost of parking it. While that is true in a technical sense, all you have really done is increase the cost of parking the car. All that does is make my car more expensive to use and just generally less useful. It does not make it easier for me to travel. 
Money is a tool. Destroying the value of money just makes it less effective at one of the primary things it is supposed to do.
People have to consume to survive, and people naturally want to do great things. You don't have to incentivize consumption and investment, people just need to be able to afford to do both - money that appreciates makes everything more affordable.
@_date: 2017-10-14 22:30:59
Saving is never bad. 
There is 100+ years of pent up demand for a decently liquid and secure savings vehicle. The demand to buy and hodl inspires people to produce things that appeal specifically to the people who have the sort of currency they want to get their hands on. The more people who save the more producers want to get their hands on bitcoin. 
Spending for spendings sake helps no one.
@_date: 2016-09-30 16:29:21
This person is either extremely stupid or is just a troll. When he saw that the coinbase fee was more than a wire transfer he should have stopped. 
His whole goal was to use dollars to trade stocks valued in dollars, so why would anyone think it was going to be more efficient to send money by converting it to another currency and then back again within the same country and same banking network?
@_date: 2017-10-22 17:51:40
Well, it depends on what day it is, because he has said both. I think the BU project was once the real bitcoin too.
@_date: 2017-10-18 14:54:34
What wallet are you using?
@_date: 2017-09-17 20:51:41
I mean bitcoin, the world's first digital commodity, with a predetermined and fixed monetary policy, that has seen rapid growth and adoption from very humble beginnings only ~8 years ago. 
Little boats move up and down more than large ships. As bitcoin grows the volatility will change.
I'm interested in ideas not people, Hayek isn't a god and so what he did or didn't do or support is largely irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-10-22 17:53:31
Lots of people can only run nodes because blocks are small, if you exclude some portion of the little guys with every change then eventually lots of people have no say because they cannot afford to run a node.
@_date: 2017-10-18 15:20:11
Good lord, what a prick. Cypherpunks write code, Roger is just another suit. Max looks more cypherpunk than Roger in this interview, lol.
I have a background in economics and I have been an Austrian school ancap since ~2010. Roger's only economic argument is the most superficial argument a person can make. He is ignoring that transaction capacity can be increased independent of block size and more importantly that the primary layer is socialized. Scaling requires addressing the socialization first in order to prevent centralization from destroying everything that makes the network valuable in the process.
@_date: 2017-10-22 15:39:57
Tumblebit, atomic swaps, &amp; Lightning network transactions, are all likely to be available, at least in some limited capacity, for use in the next few months. All of these things improve anonymity, privacy, capacity, security, lower the fees, and improve transaction times.
@_date: 2017-10-18 15:28:45
Well, since segwit transactions can be a settlement of a bidirectional channel that consists of thousands of transactions, it technically enables many times the number of transactions that fit in a block.
@_date: 2017-10-18 15:43:34
As an intelligent producer why would I want to trade my valuable products for a money that is going to be worth less tomorrow? And I also want to appeal to customers that have plenty to spend.
Producers already have to compete with bitcoin to get my business, because I consider whether I'd prefer to have x more bitcoin or x new item every time I make a purchase. As knowledge of bitcoin grows this will become the case for more and more people. The people that start reducing their consumption and saving bitcoin will be rewarded greatly IMO, and eventually they will be the people to whom most producers want to appeal. 
@_date: 2017-10-07 16:21:23
Forking with decent replay protection would be no issue.
@_date: 2017-09-07 23:15:44
Yeah, it's hilarious how many of the same people who bitch about "mindless consumerism" also think a little inflation is good for an economy.
@_date: 2018-07-07 06:46:12
Yes, the average lifespan of govt fiat is ~27 years. The dollar has only been totally fiat with no ties to gold since 1971, it has the benefit of being the currency of the current hegemonic empire that is threatening all others to maintain adoption, and it has still devalued by 95+%.
@_date: 2017-09-11 16:25:47
Check out the Tom Woods Show and Contra Krugman.
@_date: 2015-04-17 04:57:40
Just FYI, a non-interventionist (peaceful) foreign policy is not isolationism. Isolationism is refusing to trade with other countries, or imposing high tariffs, which would break supply chains and be economically destructive on a massive scale - no one is in favor of isolationism. Neocons just use that label for Rand and Ron as more of a pejorative. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 14:53:37
Of course not, but when you are trying to stay anonymous and the guy you are communicating with goes and talks to an intelligence agency, that pretty much signals the end of communications via that pseudonym.
@_date: 2017-10-17 17:10:46
You don't have any bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-10-17 07:10:52
If you haven't moved your coins or you have the private keys of any address you had bitcoin in at the time of the fork you can claim and sell your bcash if you haven't already.
@_date: 2017-10-22 15:46:38
Parts of the world are burning as a direct result of governments right now - bitcoin is poised to put out those fires. Governments are the most destructive organizations on the planet, defunding their violent efforts while transferring wealth into the hands of freedom loving cryptocurrency enthusiasts is not going to set the world on fire.
@_date: 2015-04-09 06:57:53
It's a tool that promotes private ownership and voluntary trade without the need for any 3rd party participation or permission.
Bitcoin makes ownership theoretically invincible to violence and threats. You can threaten me, but, assuming proper security measures have been taken and that my will is unbending, no amount of violence, nor my death, will get you any closer to my private keys. 
The core principles of libertarianism suggest that all human interaction should be voluntary and that violence should not be rewarded. Most people would agree, but where libertarians differ from the average person is that we make no exceptions for any special position or authority. 
Bitcoin is very much built on these ideas, and grants no special permissions. Clearly there are external security problems that still need to be solved, but a currency that is perfectly limited, and that is based on an automated consensus network naturally challenges any "authority" that claims to be responsible for assigning ownership or determining monetary policy. 
@_date: 2015-04-20 17:52:27
The physical infrastructure doesn't exist to provide unlimited data to everyone in most places, so the amount that needs to be transferred to make a service work is always a concern.


It's like you aren't even reading my comments. Netflix can't allow offline play because of IP laws, this is why the extralegal alternatives will eventually take the market, especially in the poorer parts of the world.
@_date: 2015-04-13 23:02:59
I have no desire to insult anyone, but I completely understand your position. As much as I appreciate the content, I too found the talk to be really annoying with all of the faked laughs and feigned excitement.
@_date: 2015-04-20 02:52:37
When you watch the same show more than once, or fall asleep watching something and have to go back, or when your neighbor watches the same show as you, they each have to be downloaded individually each time. If they were cached regionally by the ISP or, even better, on your machine, then you might not have to redownload anything to watch it again, which would drastically reduce Internet traffic. 
My household regularly gets warned about hitting Time Warner's data cap of 350gigs a month, and we would save a significant amount of data if every time someone in the house has to go back and watch some show to catch-up with the rest of us, or when one of us decides to rewatch something, it didn't have to be downloaded all over again.


Which is why the successor will probably be something user friendly that just ignores the law. The real competition in media delivery isn't based on what's legal.
@_date: 2015-04-05 19:06:18
Does anyone actually think the government follows their own rules?
@_date: 2015-04-19 18:22:30
Massive consumption of data and general Internet traffic could be reduced if the laws allowed for caching - they don't though and the laws aren't likely to change anytime soon, which suggests that the successor will be something similar to Netflix, but that works no matter what the laws say, which kinda has to be something p2p.
@_date: 2015-04-20 18:04:17


Well, in rural US they are very common, as they are in most of the rest of the world.


I know. And the laws aren't likely to change. That's why a legal company like netflix can't add the feature, and will eventually lose major market share to extralegal alternatives.
@_date: 2018-07-09 03:19:19
History shows a significant downward trend in the lifespan of currencies and empires. For money to survive long term it has to have certain characteristics, the fact that money was previously made of gold or tied to it was the primary thing slowing past debasement. There is just too much incentive to cheat and steal from everyone when money is issued in a centralized manner by violent monopoly organizations.
The dollar has lost 95% of its value because it has been systematically debased (destruction of scarcity aka counterfeiting). While technological advancement is making everything cheaper, currency devaluation has been so significant that it outweighs the accelerating downward pressure on prices and most things have gotten more expensive. This means that all the excess wealth that would otherwise be distributed throughout the economy in the form of an ever declining cost of living is being confiscated by the political class and their cronies. This is actually the primary driver behind class divisions. 
The death of the dollar is not just some iffy possibility. The amount of currency and dollar liabilities already created and the nature of political will surrounding such issues makes this as close to a sure thing as I know how to identify. It is true that there is no way to know when it will happen. Yes, I could be off by a generation or more, but I don't think so. These major shifts in human history tend to coincide with major technological changes. I think we are only just beginning to see how the internet is going to impact the world, and I don't think it has really even matured yet. I think bitcoin will prove to be a major step in that process.
Yes, having majored in econ with a particular focus on money and banking, I absolutely think bitcoin is safer than the dollar. And I have put my money where my mouth is. Price stability is a function of adoption, and a thing becoming a unit of account, bitcoin is still too young and small a thing to be stable, but it is also growing at an incredible pace. The instability is actually a major driver of interest and adoption at this stage, people are attracted to things that make them money. Bitcoin can be used in a lot of ways that the dollar simply cannot, it is completely immune to arbitrary laws and borders, and it is possible to hold money in escrow with no need to involve/trust a 3rd party. These things alone are pretty major improvements over the legacy system, but Bitcoin is also more limited than gold and more transactionally liquid in a secure and trustless way than the dollar ever could be. 
Human history basically begins with cave drawings of animals which there is great reason to believe was single entry accounting - people were trying to keep track of who owned what. Cooperation, trade, and the recognition of property that goes with those things are basically prerequisites to all human advancement. There are some monetary historians who have suggested that the prosperity of Babylon was likely the result of the creation and adoption of double entry accounting. It is not difficult to imagine the economic advancements that might result from better record keeping, and we know that double entry accounting dates back to around that time period. Bitcoin is the first practical application of triple entry accounting. I don't think this is just some little non-event. I think there is more than enough evidence to warrant a serious investigation of the tech at the very least. It has survived and is surviving endless on going attacks, hundreds of publicly declared obituaries, four or five major price bubbles, literally billions in value serving as a bounty for the best hackers in the world to find flaws, and it just keeps getting better. The internet didn't see mass adoption until the 4th protocol layer was built, bitcoin's layer 2 was born at the beginning of the year and entered beta just in the last month. It is still early days, and already bitcoin's track record is impressive in ways beyond most things that have come before it. 
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:29:30
Long term supply of both bitcoin and gold are predetermined.
@_date: 2017-10-18 01:50:20
If you had bitcoin at the time of the split, you will have the same amount in bcash if you split your coins.
@_date: 2017-10-16 21:49:18
People who understand the ideological reasons for the existence of bitcoin should find holding dollars far more risky than bitcoin.
The purpose of bitcoin is financial sovereignty - cashing out is giving up all financial sovereignty to return to a taxed, censored, &amp;amp; centrally controlled system. It means holding a currency that is being debased to fund endless war and foreign invasions.
Anything you deposit in a bank isn't even legally yours per the finreg legislation.
I find it rather hilarious that the first thing every average person says when they find out how long I have been invested is "when are you cashing out?" I think we are approaching one of the largest transfers of wealth in human history, from govt currencies into cryptocurrencies. I think the real question is when are they going to sell their scammy dollars and join a fair monetary system with clear rules and no censorship or systemic theft.
Happy to help anyone who is curious about philosophy and economics and potentially increase the listenership of great content creators :) 
@_date: 2015-04-10 06:36:13
Took airbnb like 6 years or so to achieve about the same number of available rooms as the largest hotel chain. Took Hilton 95 years to become what they are as the largest hotel chain.
Bitcoin becoming a store of value on par with gold is definitely not out of the question. The fundamentals are there.
@_date: 2017-10-16 16:58:47
Many early investors got into bitcoin for ideological reasons. My friends and I have held since 2011 with the knowledge that this was a life long investment. At its core bitcoin is a libertarian/anarcho-capitalist technology, and all investors are forwarding ancap ends whether they realize it or not.
I would highly recommend that the uninitiated spend some time browsing Mises.org, reading most anything by Tom Woods (Meltdown is short and covers the role of central banks in the creation of the business cycle), listening to the Tom Woods podcast, the Part of the Problem podcast with Dave Smith, The School Sucks podcast, read Economics in One Lesson by Hazzlit, and Anatomy of the State by Rothbard (both of which I think are available for free online).
Bitcoin is about financial sovereignty, and that makes it inherently antithetical to the centralized and oppressive goals of all force funded organizations.
@_date: 2015-04-17 18:06:09
Understanding the Austrian approach to economics and being a promoter of bitcoin, and other forms of sound money, is no more ideological than understanding that theft and war are undesirable.
@_date: 2018-07-11 11:04:53
Why is counterfeiting illegal, and are the effects of loose monetary policy different than counterfeiting in some way? If criminals put on suits and work to "legalize" their crimes are said actions any less criminal?
@_date: 2015-09-30 23:27:01
That you give away with every transaction...
@_date: 2018-07-09 01:35:34
Widespread theft by design is a good thing?
@_date: 2015-04-24 07:32:20
Honey badger 
@_date: 2018-07-15 13:58:59
You implied that monetary devaluation was on purpose or by design and as such okay. I think it's pretty much always on purpose, just like any theft. What you seem to be missing is that monetary devaluation is just an economy wide theft that produces all sorts of major problems and the eventual death of the societies that engage in such things.
The difference between first world countries and the third world, is that the first world has generally gone through a period of economic growth and development with sound money before becoming corrupt and devaluing their money - they have lots of wealth to coast on. Third world govts just steal all that they can steal all the time and never allow any of the capital accumulation that would make everyone better off. But a society with less or without any covert theft and forced funding would most certainly be a better place to live.
@_date: 2017-10-18 23:49:53
Because Gavin, a big blocker, went to the CIA and gave him a reason to disappear.
@_date: 2015-04-24 07:16:29
Imagine a world where people create things, and there were no random assholes who wanted to control it... wouldn't *that* be crazy?!
@_date: 2015-04-21 05:45:13
Actually, I'd argue that suspension is supposed to provide information about the road and keep the car planted as equally on all fours as possible, not hide everything and just make the ride soft and cushy. 
There are major trade offs when it comes to driver control if everything is soft and cushy. But to each his own.
@_date: 2017-10-30 13:22:27
Actually, the fact that there are OG bitcoin whales, is a pretty good indication that something like the 2x fork won't work. Miners follow value, not the other way around. Even if 2x was successfully pumped in the short term by a combined effort from the miners and the legacy banking system it would just result in a massive wealth transfer from bankers and miners, to the people who understand the system best. 
Most of the whales are anarcho-capitalists who got in to bitcoin for financial sovereignty. Going back into government controlled fiat systems where their money can be taxed, frozen, or seized is not an option. I'm no whale, but as far as I am concerned the exit strategy is death. The goal has always been to build something for people to escape to as the dollar and other currencies are inflated into oblivion. Bitcoin was created in response to the financial crisis - it was created because long term dollar stability is a mathematical impossibility.
@_date: 2015-04-17 10:44:05
Because he is a follower of the Austrian school of economic thought and has been basically forever. Which means he is opposed to both the centralized monopoly control of money, and to the ability for anyone to manipulate and change the money supply with little to no cost or effort.
@_date: 2015-04-10 06:29:47


@_date: 2017-01-31 14:06:17
I tend to assume anything with "Harvard" on it is wrong - if they are as bad at health as they are at economics that book will give you diabetes and pancreatic cancer.
"The whole 30" and a "primal blueprint" sort of diet has made weight management easy for me. The first week or so is really rough though, committing to 30 days is important.
@_date: 2017-10-16 16:22:55
I was poor and hodling then because I wanted a savings vehicle that couldn't be inflated to fund wars and foreign military intervention.
Bitcoin is a revolution, my exit strategy is death.
@_date: 2015-04-17 18:29:53
Money isn't wealth, it's a proxy to wealth. Kinda like a key to a car is a proxy, or represents the wealth of transportation, without being the actual transportation itself. Real wealth is limited, it takes work, or effort, or risk, or investment, or all of the above to create real wealth - it takes none of those things to change the digital amount of currency in the banking system.
If there are 10 cars and "the central key printers" create 100 keys to those ten cars, they can make 100 people believe they have access to a car. So everyone will make their plans believing they have transportation, and 90 of those people are going to end up realizing there is a far greater cost to getting around than just having one key. In order to really control the asset that they believed they controlled - they need more keys because their key has been devalued without their knowledge.
Who does better in a system in which the supply of keys doesn't match the supply of cars? Those who are really good at collecting keys, the central key printers themselves, and anyone who can use the legal system to regulate the driving behavior of others. Not someone who had to work really hard or save up for a long time just to get one key.
Bitcoin having a fixed supply of units is beneficial on so many levels. There is so much more to really understanding money and a properly functioning price system. If you are interested I can explain more or I can point you in the direction of some superior reading material.
@_date: 2015-04-02 07:21:52


Guilty until proven innocent... is that how it works? And there can't be much evidence, because he was never even charged with anything related to murder, attempted murder, or conspiracy to murder, so... he may be high, but you're kinda dumb.
@_date: 2015-09-05 20:41:36
Only to the degree they they have hidden books. And in the case of Bitcoin, unless people start taking Bitcoin IOU's or something, a Bitcoin bank is taking far more risk lending Bitcoin than any bank that deals in dollars is taking when lending dollars. 
@_date: 2017-10-18 14:52:03
Capitalism is just a respect for property rights and free trade. So long as the world is dominated by force funded organizations we are not living under capitalism.
I don't think governments are going to willingly give up anything, but people armed with the right technology have a history of changing the world and destroying centralized power. All governments and empires are unsustainable. The US has more than 700 military bases around the world, and something like 200 trillion in unfunded liabilities over the next 50 years. The Soviet Union fell. Most of China's success is because they basically lost control of cities in their southern provinces which became massively wealthy. The EU is falling apart. And the US is in a mess too. I think the current trend toward world government is dead, and the pendulum will swing back in the other direction.
Governments (which are just made up of people - mostly idiots - certainly not gods) have not always successfully controlled the money. And the periods in which these criminals were most successfully held at bay with much more primitive technology in the hands of the average person were the periods of the greatest human advancement.
Your view of the world seems incredibly depressing, feel better.
@_date: 2017-10-18 15:56:20
Looks like you are going to have to do some of your own research. Scroll down to the section on bcash
@_date: 2015-04-02 04:06:56
Who'd have guessed that system built on lies and theft would do so much lying and stealing?!
@_date: 2015-04-24 05:36:46
That label makes so little sense that it's mind boggling - there is bipartisan support for economic sanctions on multiple countries - refusing to trade with people is *actual* isolationism. 
The Pauls are non interventionist, which just means they don't want to attack people, and they generally want to trade with everyone. They basically see a refusal to trade as an act of war.
@_date: 2017-09-17 21:55:13
Okay, what do you think new currency growth should look like? It seems to me that life tends to move in waves.
In any case, the success or failure of bitcoin doesn't validate your attempts to associate people today, who advocate voluntary interaction and oppose forced funding, with tyranny by way of some dubious claim of lip service paid to an undesirable organization by a guy who happened to contribute to the school of thought that gave rise to anarcho-capitalist theory. 
@_date: 2018-04-27 20:33:29
When a company makes $200mil in an open and competitive market it is only because they have created much more than that in value for others.
Decentralized and permissionless money that cannot be arbitrarily devalued stops politicians from inflicting mass starvation and war through inflation. 
The world needs sound digital money more than it needs just about anything else, and we need secure onramps. When a company like Binance provides that they deserve every penny they make.
Suggesting that they don't employ enough people is a call to reducing efficiency. Jobs are a means to an end, not an end in themselves.
@_date: 2016-10-22 02:32:47
Yeah, I gotcha, I was mostly just speaking generally to whoever might be trying to sell the idea - sorry if I didn't make that clear enough.


I did say *basically* the same - what is lost is, in the aggregate, not much different than more money being saved. It makes the savings of others more valuable, enticing them to take advantage of some of their increased purchasing power.
There is definitely some negative economic impact of lost coins, at least on the individuals that lose them - so it is important to work to prevent such things, but I'm not sure lost coins represent anything all to problematic on the whole.
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:11:56
I'm not one to come to the defense of any politician, and I don't even really think much in the way of positive change is possible via political action - BUT I wouldn't hold much he says prior to the nomination against him. 
He has to get the support of the conservative base, and he has to do it with people like Hannity and Rush Limbaugh calling him a "retreatist" so he is going to sound much more neocon than he really is for a while.
@_date: 2015-09-30 23:23:37
It's sad to see people apologizing for a broken system that is greatly inconveniencing people, and charging them to do it. It's their structure and security model that are causing the identity theft risks in the first place.
If the banking system weren't completely subsidized and competition hadn't been regulated out of existence it would have died and/or changed drastically more than a decade ago.
@_date: 2016-10-03 19:55:46
So just because of relay times?
@_date: 2016-10-22 19:53:28
When things like this have happened to me in the past I have called the better business bureau and the harassment generally stops the same day.
@_date: 2015-04-02 10:24:32
The Maryland indictment hasn't moved forward, probably because it involves the same government agents that stole a bunch of money and used their mafia like "legal authority" to blackmail and attack people who didn't help them carry out their plans.
I'm not a druggie, but you sound a lot like a government parasite. So go pop a couple over the counter pain killers, have a cigarette, drink your coffee, maybe go arrest someone for resisting arrest, and then have a beer and think about how morally superior you are to everyone else.
@_date: 2016-10-19 20:44:29
It's interesting to me that you said the collective has some obligations to the individual - because generally it seems that leftists want to sacrifice the individual to the needs of the collective. 
Collectives being abstractions, obviously cannot have needs, and sacrificing individuals to save the group seems completely contradictory to me - there is no group without the individuals needed to form it.
But more to what you said, how can there be some sort of collective debt or obligation that doesn't exist at an individual level? What is it about the formation of a group that creates some obligation that must be borne by some members to benefit others? 
And humans are pack animals - it seems to me that people naturally want to help one another, forcing them to do so only destroys that desire and makes it a thankless and unrewarding activity.
@_date: 2016-10-25 07:37:30
They have to learn the hard way. Don't try to save them from themselves.
@_date: 2018-04-11 18:18:05
There is nothing hypocritical in the hodl mentality, people who promote spending for spending's sake do not understand where value comes from. The progression is novelty -&gt; store of value -&gt; means of exchange -&gt; unit of account.
Value is a function of desirability and scarcity. Ignoring the more advanced things that are possible, bitcoin is desirable because it can be securely stored and moved without 3rd party permission, and because it is scarce. 
Spending bitcoin does not increase its value. Spending for spending's sake may increase the liquidity of bitcoin - but generally it just increases the supply of people selling bitcoin in relation to the people buying which drives the price down. 
Bitcoin becomes more valuable when people produce things that others want and need and then are only willing to exchange those things for bitcoin. In that case any increased spending of bitcoin is driven by the creation of new value that pulls people into the bitcoin economy.
It makes very little sense to promote bitcoin by encouraging people to spend. A smart person would teach creative and productive people about the value of bitcoin as a savings and investment vehicle, and encourage them to accept bitcoin in exchange for their products and services.
@_date: 2016-10-14 12:28:59
Those are bugs not features.
@_date: 2016-10-13 14:24:31
That's a good point Mr. Fucknozzle.
@_date: 2016-10-20 03:29:04
And what makes the tax collectors and those who are living off of taxes rather than paying them justified in doing so? 
I think people should be equals, I don't believe in a political overclass.
Society and civilization are built on cooperation and social interaction - forced funding (a.k.a. taxation) is inherently anti-social. 
Cooperation stops being cooperation as soon as force is introduced - just like sex becomes rape when force is introduced, and trade becomes theft, etc. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 06:54:35
The long term supply is fixed, being able to subdivide the units doesn't make it any less scarce. All new units are unlocked with costly work, so no one can freely or arbitrarily create more bitcoin and devalue the hodlings of others, which is the major problem with centralized fiat money.
@_date: 2016-10-03 18:32:36
Could you explain that?
@_date: 2016-10-29 06:30:20
Dollar amounts really don't mean as much as percentages do.
@_date: 2016-10-27 04:46:02
Bitcoin node operation is almost completely charitable - increasing the technical cost of the minimum charitable contribution will not increase the amount of people donating. And it makes the bitcoin network much more likely to suffer the same sort of problems that are plaguing the tor network. If governments and ISPs have any reasons to harass bitcoin node operators then the cost of running a node rises rather dramatically.
Big block supporters talk about LN nodes being subject to KYC laws, but there are actual economic incentives for LN nodes, and if some government control destroys a second layer idea, bitcoin still survives. There are no economic incentives to run bitcoin nodes, you make those nodes too big and too easy to control, bitcoin becomes worthless. Bitcoin dies. If we want bitcoin to really be anti-fragile it needs to be built to be anti-fragile.
Even with mostly full blocks, zero fee bitcoin transactions will still generally be processed in less time than it takes most banks to process a check - so while we do need more capacity there is no dire emergency. That said, Segwit and LN make thousands of transactions per second possible while increasing the amount of on chain transactions too. Capacity is coming, and when it gets here it will already be well tested and ready to be put to use.
@_date: 2015-04-10 16:38:55
No, absolutely not. Gold will never be worthless. And bitcoin is still new with a lot of hurtles to clear, so gold and silver are probably the perfect investments for hedging that uncertainty. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 21:56:38
The only reason any of the anti-lightning people even know how limited lightning may or may not be is because the lightning devs themselves have explained what their developments would and wouldn't enable every step of the way.
The original discussions about the lightning network not being able to scale to world wide needs was also eventually followed up by a proposal for lightning factories which multiply the scaling by another order of magnitude. So it is quite possible that the bitcoin block size may never need to he changed.
On-chain scaling won't get BCH anywhere close to the sort of scale that is needed to serve the world, and (more importantly) the bigger the blocks get the less likely it is that you'll be able to run a full node. Your ability to run a node and download the entire history is your ability to audit the system and prevent an arbitrary change in the inflation rate, among other network rules.
It seems to me what most BCH supporters are pushing for is the creation of another system in which only an elite few determine the rules and manage the ledger without any oversight from the average person.
@_date: 2018-04-20 23:36:44
I think there are some lightning faucets now.
@_date: 2016-10-20 10:39:13
Segwit makes infinite scaling possible without the risk of splitting bitcoin into two chains and creating all sorts of uncertainty and confusion in the market. It also creates incentives for 2nd layer nodes, and basically prevents the cost of running main chain nodes from increasing long term. Meaning that over time the cost of running a basic bitcoin node will fall until eventually anyone in the world can afford to run one.
The reason tor is failing and has been compromised by the state is because nodes have to be run charitably and the cost of running said nodes is high, and people are easily targeted for doing so. The core devs don't want to see bitcoin suffer the same fate.
@_date: 2018-04-27 22:43:59
But if bitcoin becomes the sort of foundational protocol for trade that many of us (who have been hodling for years) believe it will, then a large portion of the world's wealth will be traded for bitcoin.
Study Austrian economics and study the tech.
@_date: 2018-04-11 18:50:47
No value? The market seems to disagree with you in a very big way.
History is replete with examples of the sort of horror that is inflicted via capital controls, and when a few can change the supply of money to devalue the savings of others in a centralized monetary system. The fact that the bitcoin network defends against such arbitrary power gives it a tremendous amount of value.  
@_date: 2016-05-17 14:15:07
Actually, if you can make spends through other people then it makes perfect sense to me - there is additional anonymity with multiple hops, and it seems to me that businesses would want to compete for direct connections by offering benefits like free routing and/or anonymity. 
Plus, Bitcoin is incapable of infinite scaling on network. I'd still love to see larger blocks too, but at some point the second layer has to be the primary means of making everyday payments.
It sounds like they are basically building a meshnet for payments on top of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-10-31 14:31:30
But he's like a karate master, why wouldn't they hire him? /s
@_date: 2016-10-03 14:29:56
The thing is, it won't even make a decent low cost payment network without segwit+LN because bitcoin isn't, and never has been, capable of instant secure transactions. The blockchain behaves like a settlement network no matter what the block size is.
@_date: 2017-05-04 02:57:12
Charlie agreed to start working on further scaling solutions when blocks are half full - which would be something like a 100x increase in the use of litecoin on top of the capacity added by the new features being rolled out. As a compromise that is pretty much nothing.
@_date: 2017-05-25 19:23:51


Yes, because being opposed to forced funding and believing all organizations should have consensual relationships with the people supporting them is just a bunch of crazy nonsense...
@_date: 2015-03-29 17:46:32
Or you could abandon the one size fits all solutions entirely and let people voluntarily fund the solutions to problems they care about without creating a giant coercive monopoly that everyone is force to fund...
@_date: 2018-04-28 22:31:57
Also a hodler since 2011.
You aren't wrong. If we are comparing bitcoin to alts or investments with a similar supply and inflation rate, then yes, a lower price means less money is required to increase the price. But it sounds to me like you are making an argument for putting money into alts simply because they are cheaper, and I think there is really very little about most cheaper coins that make them likely to stick around long term. I think you have to assume quite a bit in order to claim that a lower price makes it more likely that some other investment will go 10x before bitcoin does - especially if we are talking about an 8 year time horizon. 
In the larger scheme of things, Bitcoin is still actually very small, and being the largest cryptocurrency makes it basically the only one with the sort of liquidity necessary for much larger investors and institutions to really begin to get involved. It has multiple network effects working for it, it is the most secure and immutable, and there isn't much that the world needs more than a sound digital money. 
Government fiat currencies have on average a ~27 year life span, and every time one fails whole populations starve to death, or go to war, or otherwise have their lives completely turned upside down. Government currencies make a rather unfathomable amount of mass theft and corruption possible, and allow literally trillions in improvements to living standards to be siphoned away from the average person by violent and destructive organizations. Bitcoin potentially changes all of that.
@_date: 2016-10-21 16:53:38
I certainly don't think bitcoin's monetary policy should be changed, but the dogecoin model really isn't a bad one. The monetary inflation being linear, technically approaches zero forever anyway. 
The % increase in supply is forever falling.
@_date: 2016-10-03 15:12:19
Please stop calling central banks "private". There is nothing private about an organization that depends on government thugs to prevent competition, has government appointed leadership, and completely socialized profit and loss.
@_date: 2015-03-08 06:37:11
If only the constitution could actually do something about it when government officials ignore that it even exists...
@_date: 2016-10-25 17:09:09
High taxes (significant amounts of forced funding) =\= "social cohesion"
In fact, those things are antithetical.
And bitcoin will naturally undermine their "progressive" redistributive efforts - which IMO is a good thing, but it suggests that they have no idea what they are doing.
@_date: 2016-10-25 16:08:29
I really don't understand why any socialist would be a supporter of a currency that is built for more secure individual ownership. These people are confused and really shouldn't be associated with bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-10-03 14:21:27
Segwit + LN, and eventually sidechains will do a lot more to encourage and make room for a 20x increase in interest without damaging the network. A blocksize increase won't change the speed of transactions and it just isn't a long term solution.
@_date: 2018-04-28 23:06:28
Storage costs are not the main problem, have you ever tried to transfer just a few gigs of data at one time between 2 devices in the same room? The larger blocks get the more time it takes for the network to sync and the more mining becomes a race rather than a fair lottery. 
In a lottery a player with 30% more invested (a miner with 30% more computing power) wins 30% more often. In a race, 30% more computing power wins every time.
Even the seconds required to transfer a couple of MB of data today are pretty crucial  when it comes to mining competition.
Additionally, if bitcoin is going to remain government proof, then the data needed to run a node must be easy to obfuscate, and must not be easy for any large institution to block or disrupt. Transferring gigs or terabytes of data will never be easy to hide or to protect from disruption. Small blocks are really the only way forward.
@_date: 2015-03-17 16:54:39
Long time bitcoiner, but I don't think I've ever been tipped. Be gentle.
@_date: 2016-10-20 00:14:36
Because what could be more hypocritical than bitching about the lack of capacity and then blocking an increase in capacity? With the amount of vitriol coming out of Ver's camp, they certainly deserve to get it all back if they actually attempt to hold the network hostage.
@_date: 2016-10-04 15:09:34
This keeps getting repeated by ppl from r/btc, but there is no more truth to it than saying bitcoin nodes can only be run by people who comply with KYC - if anyone can download the software then anyone can run a LN node. And my guess is that bitcoin casinos might be particularly useful on the LN. 
@_date: 2016-10-14 04:27:31
Why would anyone accept bitcoin IOUs from some bank? Fuck that noise. Bank notes (digital or otherwise) only make sense in a world where money is gold and notes are easier to carry around and use in transactions.
Bitcoin's next layers don't require introducing that level of trust/risk.
@_date: 2016-10-27 19:22:53
LN node operators have a network of people connected directly to them with whom they can transact quickly and cheaply, they also can charge a small fee to forward transactions to others. There are economic incentives to run LN nodes.
Bitcoin nodes, do provide some benefit in terms of privacy as u/nullc pointed out, but I personally would have to pay to have such a node hosted on someone else's server because my broadband cable ISP despite providing a fast connection has a monthly data cap. And there is no way to earn any money running a bitcoin node, so as the costs of running a node climb, so do the costs of paying to host said node.
It's a flooding or tragedy of the commons sort of problem. High volume users are making it expensive for others to use bitcoin whether they are actually adding a lot of value to bitcoin or not, and then they are bitching that low volume users and savers should have to incur greater costs to allow said large volume users even more space to transact. 
The LN network solves the problem in multiple ways, because the cost of running a single node isn't socialized. Which means large volume players can make and facilitate as many transactions as they need without imposing costs on others. And they actually become an asset because of the potential anonymity their LN nodes can provide - which again makes it possible for them to generate some revenue in the process.
@_date: 2015-03-07 23:50:13
There could be infinite numbers of social networks created, why does facebook have any value? You can create your own reddit, so why does this reddit have any value?
@_date: 2017-05-04 21:08:31
I have written and recorded a couple of articles that I think roughly explain the major problems with scaling the way Roger proposes.
Link to the first article on the Tragedy of the Commons is at the end of this one: 
Audio is linked at the top of each article.
@_date: 2017-07-06 20:07:27
The near production monopoly is something that also needs to change and bip141 and 148 are steps in that direction because they remove the covert ASIC boost advantage that bitmain has been using to get ahead of their competition.
An unlimited connection in the only moderately rural part of the US that I live in is not available. So no, not everyone can afford the increased data costs. The exclusion of small players with one update makes it easier to push for even larger blocks and data hungry upgrades the next time around.
@_date: 2016-05-10 01:54:19
Quangos are not the same as truly private companies.
@_date: 2017-05-27 00:17:50
Interdependence just means that it is in everyone's best interest to cooperate. If cooperation is desirable then there is no need for forced funding. One cannot force cooperation any more than one can force love or sex - it just becomes rape.
Force is inherently anti-social and anti-cooperative. It is by definition impossible to promote social cohesion by force. That is why as governments grow society becomes more fractured and aggressive.
People have a drive to find partners with whom they can fall in love and reproduce, in much the same way that they have natural drives and incentives to cooperate (we are social animals). There is no need for anyone to promote or defend abusive relationships "for the sake of continuing the human race" or for any other reason. There is similarly no reason to defend forced funding in the effort to create a society - it is completely counter productive.
An inability to imagine how the roads might be produced or maintained is not a justification for continued theft toward that end, any more than the inability to imagine how the cotton would be picked was a justification for continued slavery. And the reality is that the few half decent things done by government make up an infinitesimal amount of the budget, and always end up openly threatened and held hostage in the event that funding for foreign invasions and monopoly protections might be cut. They don't suspend the trillion $ bombing campaigns when the debt ceiling needs to be raised, they shut down the parks and memorials. That isn't a sign that they are really interested in social cohesion. 
@_date: 2016-10-22 01:04:39
Well, you won't ever sell me on changing bitcoin, because "lost" is basically no different than "saved," and I personally really want to see how a market with rapid price deflation behaves. I think the market will adjust and everything will actually function significantly better than things do in today's inflationary markets, but we won't really know until we get there.
It seems to me that different markets might actually be able to calculate expected price deflation for certain periods - similar to the way that the computer industry can project where things have been going for years thanks to Moore's law - and build automated pricing algorithms for different products and different sectors which can be manually adjusted for unforeseen changes or problems in production.  
I am excited to see how Doge performs in relation to Bitcoin - we need lots of experiments. 
@_date: 2015-03-07 23:59:09
A digital signature that can be stolen from a centralized company database. 
One of the main benefits of bitcoin is the security it provides from central planners, or people who want to control trade and prevent the funding of dissenting opinions. 
There could definitely come a time when the same secure individual access to your transportation or home and all of the devices in it, becomes just as important as secure individual access to your money. When governments loose the power to steal money, they'll just start going after the stuff.
@_date: 2015-03-10 17:06:15
I think a careful reading of history illustrates that people sometimes had more control over their lives under monarchies than they currently do under many "democratic" regimes. 
It doesn't matter what pretty label you use to justify forced funding, it all produces the same thing.
@_date: 2015-03-08 06:21:09
Thank you, master namer.
@_date: 2017-07-06 18:09:34
Increasing the blocksize makes it very costly for smaller players to afford the infrastructure needed to mine or run a node - if only jihan and a few others can afford to mine then they collect 100% of the fees and they get closer to a monopoly position in the network.
@_date: 2016-05-17 12:37:09


So it kinda works on the whole six degrees of separation idea - that everyone can pretty much connect with anyone through the right people?


So instead of one Visa or MasterCard tx fee there could be 6?
Would it make sense to connect with Starbucks if lots of people I want to spend money with are also connected to Starbucks?
@_date: 2017-07-06 19:13:46


That's just not true. Both will increase the data transfer costs of both mining and node operation.


No, but bigger blocks are much more centralizing than a layered approach to scaling.
@_date: 2017-07-06 19:11:27
Segwit does increase costs, but with the goal of scaling more efficiently and in a much more modular fashion long term.
Segwit2x is 8mb blocks with the goal of increasing the block size further in the future and basically no concern for node count and decentralization. They are talking about it costing $20k just to run a node.
The people who support big blocks simply do not understand that the benefits of decentralization die without decentralization - or maybe some of them do understand and they just want to be the central authority.
@_date: 2015-03-17 18:54:54
Omg, two in one day. Does this make me a slut?
@_date: 2016-10-19 22:12:24
I hope any miner that tries to block segwit faces a massive backlash.
@_date: 2015-02-25 14:15:07
Hahaha, am I against government efforts to stop government? No, no, let's just give the government all of everyone's money and let them wage a giant war against themselves... The NSA and the CIA control the government, it is impossible for it to work the other way around. Politicians, at all levels, are all the sort of people who have dirty secrets, the NSA is in the business of knowing secrets, and the CIA is in the business of covert threats.
The only way to stop any of this is for people to stop saving in dollars and to stop contributing money to people and groups that ruin people's lives. A new law or a new program to internally regulate some portion of an insane system can only increase the level of insanity. Things like bitcoin, open bazaar, I2P, and tor among hopefully many others to come are what help people escape tyranny. Paying taxes and begging your masters for something just tells them what they should dangle in front of your face next to keep stringing you along.
Nothing good will come of this.
@_date: 2015-03-07 23:45:26
Anything that has value, has it, in part, because it is scarce. Without scarcity the usefulness of a thing doesn't translate into value. Air is really important, but go try to sell it.
And before anyone points it out, gas stations aren't selling air, they are selling compressed air which requires energy that is produced from scarce resources.
@_date: 2015-02-07 23:10:31
The Internet isn't just a fancy telephone?!
@_date: 2016-05-17 12:54:30
Well, the reason I asked about connecting to a business specifically is because I can envision a business offering free tx routing in order to increase the potential that someone might spend money with them - for much the same reason businesses have loss leaders and free water etc. combined with the idea that today many businesses want to have your credit card info on file in order to provide one click service.
It might make sense for businesses to compete for direct connections - no?
Is there a limit to the number of jumps a payment can take when routing to someone I'm not directly connected to? Aside from fees is there a cost in time or complexity of setting up a tx with multiple jumps?
@_date: 2015-02-27 00:18:43
Shut the fuck up.
@_date: 2017-07-17 21:50:32
The core devs are a loosely associated group of cypherpunks who have mostly agreed and been working toward a single path for bitcoin that involves protecting the decentralized nature of the underlying network and enabling basically an infinite number of tools and solutions that operate on top of a decentralized 1st layer bitcoin.
Roger Ver and Jihan, and formerly Mike Hern (who actually worked for Goldman Sachs) have tried to sell a bunch of buggy code on multiple occasions and more recently they held the NY conference to sell code that didn't even exist. They have tried everything under the sun to force a hard fork, create panic by spamming the bitcoin network, and they have spammed reddit with puppet accounts for years while calling moderation efforts to address their spam "censorship." They are pushing for changes that aren't backwards compatible, and they want larger blocks which will make it impossible for average users to run nodes, destroying decentralization, which means that in the future normal users will have no ability to stop any additional changes they want to make.
If you have to trust some Visa like company to run the nodes that validate and broadcast your transactions then bitcoin will become just as corrupt as the current system. Decentralization is the key to everything that makes bitcoin valuable.
@_date: 2015-02-25 13:35:52
Yes, laws never do things like create monopoly companies that don't have to be concerned with what people really want. Laws never destroy the competition and innovation that make things great or inexpensive for everyone... 
Clearly, medical costs have just ballooned out of control on their own, for no reason at all, it certainly couldn't have anything to do with all of the licensing and regulation and government legal subsidization of third party payers. And education, clearly the insane cost of university has nothing to do with government control over student loan markets. And obviously a handful of large banks and a few large Internet providers have purchased all of their competition, not because new regulations forced the little guys to sell and direct tax payer subsidies allowed the big guys to buy, that couldn't be what happened, obviously these were all *market* failures. The government has never made a law that fucked anything up ever.... 
@_date: 2017-07-06 20:13:16


Wasn't it Peter R or someone on the big block side of the debate that put that number out there?


One onchain tx can easily represent 100 or even 1000 off-chain transactions, and with signature aggregation many other chains of hundreds of thousands of transactions can be backed up to bitcoin so that is a whole lot of scaling that can happen with basically no need to increase the bitcoin block size.


It sounds like you just pulled that out of your ass.
@_date: 2016-07-19 21:18:15
There is zero direct incentive to run a full node and every incentive for the "market" (users with no interest in running nodes) to demand infinite block sizes with basically free transactions - when it comes to scaling Bitcoin those incentives are horrible.
Additionally all nodes on the Bitcoin network have to store the same info and relay basically the same amount of transaction data. Think about how the Internet would be different if every website had to pay for the same sort of capacity. If every blogger had to buy server space equivalent to Facebook or Reddit how many blogs would there be? How controlled would the flow of information be?
@_date: 2017-07-06 20:29:50


Okay, maybe so, but you don't increase the block size and push a bunch of people off the network based on a guess about future block space needs - you build the layers and scale in all the ways that maintain decentralization first and then increase the block size if absolutely necessary. If the end goal is to serve the entire world population with 30mb blocks then we don't need 8mb blocks until we are serving something like 25% of the world population. 4mb really only makes sense because we happen to be able to get there as a side effect of upgrades that enable layered scaling. 
Edit: holy shit man - 30 GIG blocks! You're dreaming and you don't get this shit at all. Nodes are seeders/validators in the network - if you need a visa sized database to seed then visa like companies will control bitcoin.
Without the ability for anyone to become a node, then miners and node operators become gate keepers. UASF is a perfect example of how users are currently a check on the power of miners.
@_date: 2015-03-09 01:37:29
Violent revolutions seem to produce the same shit over and over. Counter economics ftw.
@_date: 2016-07-28 00:57:50
It can take weeks and cost a significant amount if you are wiring money to the wrong part of the world. You simply can't wire money to some countries. I had a friend working in India who decided it was less money and trouble to buy a ticket and get on a plane back to the states to pay a friend than it would be to wire money to money to him.
@_date: 2016-07-19 15:12:58
Right, it's like a federated server sort of thing. But so long as the startup cost of running a LN node is small (which it should be) I see no reason for any really negative or damaging sort of centralization to happen.
The level of "centralization" in Bitcoin mining is not a problem at all. And a lot of the centralization is just imagined because small miners join pools.


Many people are already using payment channels - the effective block size will soon be roughly double anyway, and the thunder network (a similar/competitor to LN) is in testing, no? I don't think any of these things will add pressure to the block space I think they are going to drastically reduce pressure on block space - a lot of the problem right now is that casinos and other high volume businesses currently want Bitcoin to scale their businesses for them. But when they can just crank up a LN node and maybe charge a small fee for forwarding transactions to other businesses and providing their customers a layer of anonymity, then instead of their blockchain footprints being = to how many bets they can encourage their customers to make, it's more or less = to the number of customers they have which should be a small fraction of the bets made. As I understand things, Bitcoin casinos and exchanges have always been responsible for a large portion of the blockchain transactions, which could be drastically reduced with channels. 
And none of this prevents the block size from being increased, it just needs to happen before the block size is changed (IMO) so that costs aren't unnecessarily imposed on savers and low volume producers who want to run full nodes - before we know how much need there really is for larger blocks. A centralized second layer can always be changed or subjected to competition without seriously harming Bitcoin, but a centralized Bitcoin network with too few nodes and big lite client gate keepers cannot be fixed without abandoning the network and currency entirely.
@_date: 2016-07-03 00:18:25
A good currency should always be both. A currency should function like a meta stock in all businesses that produce value in exchange for said currency - while also being liquid for the same reason.
@_date: 2015-02-25 15:37:31
I hope that I never have to work at a place with such children, and I am sorry for your loss.
@_date: 2016-07-26 21:03:50
"For profit" and "non-profit" are largely meaningless distinctions. Some of the world's most fucked up and greedy business practices are common to large non profits. 
If what they are doing is bad that's one thing, but being for profit is meaningless.
@_date: 2017-07-17 23:04:26
They are sometimes rude and they don't coddle people when they disagree, they also aren't the prettiest people in the world - I think all of those things matter more than a lot of people would like to admit.
It also doesn't help that many of them despite early involvement wanted to let others take the spotlight.
And they are proposing a complex path (necessary to maintain decentralization) which is hard for many people to understand. Many people have a lot invested and they don't understand the system they depend on to protect their wealth. Bigger blocks are simple. Bitcoin was first really popular in ancap circles. Roger Ver has been a relatively famous part of the ancap community for a long time, sometimes it's easier to just go with what you know. But any impartial assessment seems to me to suggest that most core devs are far more principled ancaps than Roger.
I think the key is just to remember that decentralization and anonymity are top priorities, everything else is secondary.
@_date: 2016-07-27 01:34:50
Oh I totally agree, the more people who can be encouraged to invest the better off everyone will be long term. 
@_date: 2016-07-19 22:02:34
I think you are missing the point of my analogy. If all websites had to be the same size and that size was large enough to host Facebook, then there would only be a few Facebook sized websites and thus a few outlets would control the Internet and all traffic and information would be routed through them. For Bitcoin to compete with visa, ignoring LN like solutions, every full node operator would have to be as big as visa.
Unless I have missed something I don't think all IPFS nodes have to be the same size, so that project (while a great project) is irrelevant to the point I was trying to make.


I want to run a node, but at 2mb blocks I cannot run one from home with the unadvertised data caps that exist with the only high speed ISP in my area. At 2-4mb blocks it will cost me ~$10 a month to run one on someone else's hardware - above that the monthly data transfer is likely to be more than a terabyte which increases the costs significantly. 
As a small business I can still send and receive Bitcoin with a lite client just the same - there is no direct incentive for anyone to run a node. I only want to run a node because I understand the importance of Bitcoin nodes which is very much an indirect motivation, and not something that is likely to motivate the average user - especially if doing so costs more than their Netflix account and provides them with only some very abstract benefit. There isn't even any sustainable economic incentive for the people who have created lite client software to keep up what they are doing - if costs go too high they will have to start selling user info or putting ads in wallet software to be sustainable, and yet that infrastructure becomes the average user's only option for participating in the Bitcoin network. 
Scaling via blocksize isn't a viable option by itself and it should be kept to a minimum so that a full Bitcoin node can be run basically anywhere and by anyone on very cheap hardware. I think keeping Bitcoin decentralized and largely impervious to government controls largely depends on it. 
@_date: 2016-07-20 01:43:25
The mining is not centralized. If you think it's so terribly centralized why are you even here - why not go bet on some other coin?
Going from 1 to 2mb is basically what segwit does. There is no mechanism to incentivize efficient use of the blockchain until blocks are full and transaction costs begin to rise. I'm not opposed to larger blocks so long as there is a second layer network in place and being used, and transaction prices still indicate that larger blocks are needed. Blocks being full is not necessarily an indication that we need larger blocks, blocks probably should be full most of the time. What Bitcoin really needs is wallets that aren't crippled by fluctuating transaction costs.
I am only arguing against larger blocks as the primary means of scaling.
Increasing block sizes rewards high volume btc uses/users at the expense of low volume uses/users who run nodes, and volume isn't in anyway related to the actual value/wealth created in the Bitcoin economy. I think it's very likely that savers and low volume producers create a lot more economic value than casinos and some other high volume users do - so it doesn't make sense to scale in a way that rewards one over the other if it isn't absolutely necessary to do so.
And btw, I'm not building a giant strawman, I'm trying to communicate the subtle unseen costs of scaling Bitcoin - I'm talking about bad economic incentives that exist within the structure of the network. Bitcoin is a beautiful thing, but some of its strengths are also weaknesses when it comes to scaling.
@_date: 2015-02-25 14:28:04
@_date: 2017-06-30 13:02:06
You cannot fight criminals via the channels they set up for you to fight them.
@_date: 2013-12-25 04:58:04
Figure out how to build a mostly decentralized trading platform that will run itself and can't be shut down by the government no matter how the control freaks feel about it.
@_date: 2016-07-26 21:07:19
The problem is that Bitcoin is good for people before inflation gets really out of control - once runaway inflation has set in there is really no way to exchange the worthless money for Bitcoin. You can work or sell things for Bitcoin, but if no one has any then it's hard to sell anything. There is a serious network/bootstrapping problem.
@_date: 2013-09-19 17:38:38
The current functions of the financial system were created to steal assets from people, and were then sold to everyone as a way to promote the American dream. All laws are sold with magnificent marketing and happy stories. Saying that the current financial laws were created to promote the American dream is as accurate as saying the federal reserve system was created to break the banking trust (which IS how it was sold), but we know that isn't true. The laws that created the federal reserve system were written by the owners of the very banks whose power the laws were supposed to be limiting.
Bitcoins loaned are liabilities not assets, only the collateral for the loan is a potential asset, and only if it is in the possession of the bank. I know what loans are supposed to be on paper in today's world, so you don't have to explain it again, but ignore what you think you know and think about it with a little common sense. How can something you don't have be an asset? If there is no government or group of thugs to go collect what you think is yours then how would you go about making a loan and protecting your assets?
Edit: It also seems to me that perhaps you don't understand how governments and central banks actually control or set interest rates - it simply cannot be done without actual control of the money supply. One cannot set the price of any good or commodity without at least control over the supply of said good, and, in the case of dollars, ultimately taxes, fines, and fees set the demand.
@_date: 2013-03-08 04:02:57
I love you
@_date: 2013-11-18 09:06:09
Local bitcoins
@_date: 2013-05-18 00:00:07
Yes, because tesla motors who just celebrated their first profitable quarter EVER is the model of a "capitalist" company... 
@_date: 2016-05-15 13:28:39
Every dollar saved increases the purchasing power of every dollar paid. It does nothing to decrease available work. Jobs come about because some saver wants to invest in some long term project.
@_date: 2013-07-16 03:57:53
The current financial tyranny is what led to bitcoin's creation. It is also the force for bitcoin's further development. Unless you are so brainwashed that you believe things are about to get financially easier with obamacare coming down the pipeline and new insurance regulations for businesses and more QE, then you must agree that there is going to be increasing demand for ways to participate in black and grey markets and avoid all of these government fees and taxes. This is just what happens when government makes it impossible to legally provide for oneself, people find ways around the laws - that is bitcoin's entire purpose. Free trade. 
If, as things continue to get worse (and they will), bitcoin or something similar doesn't rise to the occasion then its creation was a waste. The way I want to live is already illegal, so I am never going back to attempting to live inside the government's legal system. There are only going to be more and more like me - if history is any indicator, things never get here, and suddenly a caring government realizes the error of its ways. Tyranny and collapse are all there is to come. Either there will be crypto currency black markets and new freedom that rise out of the inevitable collapse or their won't, so really you should hope that my predictions for bitcoin are correct. I think you may be severely underestimating today's pace of change and adaptation.
We will see.
@_date: 2013-05-18 02:31:23
I mean no offense, but I think your understanding of entrepreneurship and business may have been severely distorted by the Keynesian teachings and policies pushed by our gov't. I would argue that "leverage" is not something to celebrate and a decade of losses plus massive government subsidies do not, a strong capitalist company, make.
I don't care if you are the god of entrepreneurship, Tesla motors (despite whatever it was originally dreamed to be) is essentially a government works program and a political stunt, just like General Motors.
@_date: 2013-04-05 02:52:48
Severe price deflation cannot kill an economy or a currency, the stuff you learned in econ101 is bullshit. Hurricanes and war aren't good for economies either; Keynes was an idiot.
@_date: 2013-12-12 07:50:32
Do you think the current nature of bitcoin is normal for a fully adopted sound currency? Is this as stable as bitcoin will ever be?
I don't know about you, but the ups and downs make me want to buy stuff when it is up because I don't know where it will be tomorrow. Consumer data seems to show just that too, people buy more as the price goes up because its like everything is on sale.
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:24:50
Is it a conspiracy that research funding and recognition are handed down from government positions and political organizations, and that research concluding that government is a problem doesn't often attract funding or recognition? Does "official recognition" actually mean anything? Public acceptance, social status, awards from special organizations, and things of the like are all just noise. They have absolutely no bearing on what is or isn't true. The fact that you are concerned with whether or not a source is of the proper "academic" standing for you to even consider the information presented really turns **me** off. There was a time when most people, including all manner of self important academic "authority figures," believed the earth was the center of the universe, and anyone who suggested otherwise was referred to in derogatory tones equal to that of the label of "conspiracy theorist" today. The academic nature of the organizations that have believed such incredible amounts of nonsense throughout all of history did not make the nonsense they touted as truth any more true. 
What problem could you possibly have with the massive amounts of information that Mises.org has managed to gather and organize and put together in a pleasing manner?
If you want long boring peer reviewed journal articles you'll have to find them yourself, I don't collect them. I seek them out only when I need the results of a study or to confirm sources. And if you think "peer reviewed" means unbiased then I don't know how to help you. What does it matter where Greenspan's essay was posted? I was looking for the essay, constitution.org was one of the first of many results in my search. I skimmed to make sure it was the correct essay. If you want confirmation of his claims do the research yourself, I'm not going to do your homework for you. I will gladly try to explain anything you don't understand about the implications of Say's law, or of money as an accounting tool. I **can** help you understand if you actually **want** to understand, but you have to actually think through these things, real knowledge and appreciation of a thing cannot be spoon fed or simply handed to people.
Do you understand that real wealth (actual productive goods and materials) are needed for real investment to occur (for buildings and machinery and real capital to be produced)? That is Say's law, so much of Keynesian economics and the argument for central banking relies on the implications of Say's law being false that if we can address that first we can get right to the heart of matters. The broken widow fallacy would be next. You get those two things and spend some time actually thinking about what that means for every attempt at coercive central direction and regulation and you will no longer be a Keynesian, unless you're simply more concerned with academic acceptance than actually understanding anything (which unfortunately is often the case).
@_date: 2013-04-04 14:54:51
I have tried to use BitMit, but it loads slower than porn over dial up did in the early 90's. I refuse to shop on anything that loads slower than Silk Road without a good reason.
It's good that people only buy things they need with bitcoin, that is the point of a currency that holds its value, no wasteful consumerism. If you want people to spend more, create things that people really find useful, don't encourage people to buy trinkets, and tell them they are harming the economy if they don't.
@_date: 2013-03-26 17:33:29
^this! Because it's like everything is on sale all at once.
@_date: 2013-05-23 00:11:54
You are still missing the bigger picture and it sounds like your understanding of economics is weak. I want to make the world a better place, but part of making the world a better place is not using violence and the threat of force in our attempts to organize, solve problems, and accomplish things. If there is not a market for a technology or a financial tool then it is because it is not an efficient use of resources - a higher cost means that something requires more work, more effort, and more energy to produce. The more materials, man power, energy, and effort required to do a thing, the worse it is on the environment. And centralization is always a flaw and a weakness in the long run. Every time the government becomes involved in an industry the prices go up, because it is massively inefficient. Would the Internet be more efficient if everything had to be approved by gov't? Would it be a more accurate representation of our world if everything had to pass through the government's filter (no matter how fair they tried to be)? If people can't afford to buy solar panels for themselves, then they can't afford to pay bureaucrats to pay solar panel companies to make solar panels cheaper, so that maybe people can buy them. If people can't afford healthcare, then they can't afford to pay bureaucrats to tell healthcare companies how to make everyone pay for healthcare. If people can't afford healthy food, then they can't afford to pay bureaucrats to force food producers to only produce food in an approved way. If people can't afford safe cars, then they can't afford to pay bureaucrats to tell car companies how much safer cars have to be by law than what people were already buying. 
Watch Ray Kursweil's TED talk on the evolution of technology. I am not talking about people predicting specific things about how problems will be solved; I am talking about the fact that technology cannot be advanced by government dictates. The fact that no one can predict revolutionary change is exactly why we don't need government legislating or subsidizing how markets are allowed to function, because solutions are not clear to the majority, or even often the current leaders of industry, and never to politicians, so the wrong things will always be funded. Whether the government solution is wrong because it is a one size fits all solution and what we really need is many different decentralized approaches, or it's wrong because reality is sometimes counter intuitive and they choose to back the legislation presented by the best lobbyist who gives them the most money, it is always wrong. If the gov't was doing things that everyone wanted, they wouldn't need guns and "official" costumes to collect their pay.
Look at health specifically. The government made a recommendation that grain should be a major part of our diet decades ago, and today we have an obesity, diabetes, and heart disease problem. I have almost completely stopped eating grain and products derived from grain (which the government recommends should be the largest part of our diet) and increased my consumption of saturated fats and animal products (which the government says should be the smallest part of our diets, lest we get fat and develop heart disease) and I have lost weight and lowered my blood pressure and cholesterol, and I feel great. The government recommends the wrong diet, society has health problems which the government decides it needs to help solve, and again it provides the wrong solutions and drives medical costs even higher, and then their solution is to allow the government to simply take over healthcare entirely. Why don't we just let them take over the production of computers and cell phones too? 
There is a very real pattern in nearly every society and under every government if you are capable of seeing it. Patterns in financial evolution, patterns in political evolution, patterns in the centralization of power. If you are not looking at these larger stories, then your details - no matter how sure you are that you are right about them - are out of context. You can combine out of context details in ways that tell any story you would like to see. I can combine and spin many details to make it sound like the economy is doing great (the government does this non stop) but the reality of the situation is that we are in an economic depression. You can cite details that make it sound like we are free, but reality shows very clearly that we are living in a country where grown ass human beings have to go pay someone for the privilege of asking permission to purchase medication they need, you have to buy permission to own things, you have to buy permission to catch/kill/raise your own food, you have to buy permission to build a home, you have to buy permission to dig a hole or collect water, you have to buy permission to produce things and then hand over a percentage of your returns, you have to apply for and buy permission to own tools to protect yourself. We do not have permission to live and be independent autonomous beings, and if we try without properly hiding our actions then we get thrown in a cage for trying to decide what is good for us or attempting to find a better solution to any particular problem. If we do not have the freedom to do things differently and freely, then we do not have the ability to make positive change.
@_date: 2013-03-24 21:43:07
But litecoin is not bitcoin, so it doesn't make bitcoin any less scarce.
In other words, the ability to create an endless number of accounting books, doesn't make the accounting in our book any less important or useful.
@_date: 2013-09-25 15:05:16
The fact that legislation is generally written by people who work for the very same "business leaders" that said legislation claims to regulate has nothing to do with hindsight bias. That is actually what generally happens and it is well documented.
I think you fail to understand the real significance of cryptocurrencies. Why would I or anyone else accept a note promising me bitcoin rather than an actual bitcoin? Why would I accept a bitcoin that I couldn't transfer to my own wallet? No one is going to artificially inflate the bitcoin supply in any way that matters. Why would I believe a bank that claims it is owed a bunch of bitcoin when all they have is empty addresses as proof? Pirate technically owes a bunch of people bitcoin, but they aren't ever going to get it back. Those people can't realistically claim the bitcoins that pirate owes them as assets. What you are talking about is completely retarded in terms of crypto currencies - they were created specifically to prevent double spends or double accounting practices in the first place. But if you think it will work, go for it, create a bitcoin bank, show me.
And if you think a government is ever going to help anyone collect the bitcoin they are "owed" I think you are sadly mistaken. The very nature of bitcoin threatens everything that the state relies on for financial power. It very seriously threatens their ability to collect taxes at all, when there is no more tax harvesting, there will be no more tax farm. There will likely be a shift to generating revenue almost exclusively via property taxes, but that is not enough revenue to support the US federal government in anything like its current form or any of the massive corporations that depend on the federal government for subsidies via inflation, direct handouts, and costly enforcement of supportive regulations. I think the stability and viability of the current financial situation going forward is tenuous at best, but maybe I am wrong, time will tell.
@_date: 2013-07-15 23:32:11
OR as decentralized networking technology really begins to take off and mature over the next 5 to 10 years, people begin adopting the internet's new tools for trade and accounting which are essentially government proof, more convenient, and more efficient.
@_date: 2013-03-08 17:20:33
I think this sort of thing could be solved in a properly decentralized social network that allows for encrypted communication and file sharing as well as a public wall or whatever. Really IMO a decentralized social network in which people host their wall and info on their own computers or servers could also serve as a massive marketplace. I really think the secure share project or something like retroshare could ultimately be one of the most important things for bitcoin and Internet freedom in general. But it has to be user friendly and incorporate new features that people can really use, like drag and drop file sharing if it is going to pull people away from spybook.
@_date: 2013-12-12 08:31:56
People want shit, that drives advancements in technology. Demand is essentially constant and infinite - I want a jet pack, but the supply of relatively safe inexpensive jet packs just isn't there yet.
Booms and crashes induced by bad gov't monetary policy have nothing to do with any positive market developments.
@_date: 2013-11-15 10:17:51
I had USD ($250) in my bit floor account which was refunded around the last time bitcoin was $130-140
Edit: Apparently I no longer keep up with dates, just bitcoin prices.
@_date: 2015-02-25 13:18:47
CISPA and SOPA in whatever form have been rejected loudly by the public multiple times, and they are now making it happen anyway. How exactly is the listening not zero? 
They didn't forget already, they just don't care. They are hustlers and criminals. They do nothing but try to sell you on whatever it is that'll increase their power at your expense.
@_date: 2013-11-26 22:34:43
Sure, government spending = units of money available or saved in an economy, but money isn't wealth or value it is a tool for accounting, communicating, and transferring value. Increasing the money in circulation doesn't make anyone better off, it simply distorts the accounting, and communicative properties of money. Similarly, GNP and GDP aren't real measures of production or value in an economy, but rather just the measure of recorded transactions with some relation to monetary inflation. If the government passes some new law causing a friction in the economy, requiring more accountants to be hired or the services of more lawyers, then GDP rises but the actual production and wealth in the economy has been reduced.
Any trash can have value if some group of people with enough military might says the freedoms and lives of everyone are held hostage in exchange for payment of said trash. But if people can find ways of living and trading with something other than some violent monopoly organization's infinitely reproducible trash then they can escape the burden of needing it for anything other than their limited required interaction with the state.
Don't give up on yourself so quickly, you might still learn something ;) if you can make room inside all that convoluted trash you think you know. 
@_date: 2013-03-08 17:00:13
You know, I hear guys say things like this all the time, but it is entirely possible to get girls to buy you stuff, or spend more on you than you spend on them. Just my 2internets.
@_date: 2013-12-12 06:47:38
Why sell goods today in an inflationary economy when you can sell them for more money tomorrow? The argument goes both ways.
In any case, people have to consume in order to survive, are you not going to buy breakfast or your morning coffee because you can get it for less money tomorrow? Why do you have a computer? You will be able to buy a computer that is smaller and twice as powerful with twice as much storage that uses less energy next year for the same money.
There is actually no such thing as a deflationary spiral, but inflationary spirals kill all fiat currencies, and it happens all the time. Fiat money has an average life span of about 23 years.
The Great Depression (often touted as a deflationary spiral) began as a contraction due to a boom created by easy monetary policy in the late 20's and was continued with bad fiscal policy, including tariffs that interrupted supply chains, government requirements that farmers destroy crops and livestock, massive tax hikes and government spending programs. The depression ended with the end of the war and a drastic reduction in government spending.
Edit: words and stuff
@_date: 2013-04-02 02:57:26
If you cut refined sugars, bread, and grain there will be like a hell week of withdrawal, but once you get past it things will progressively get so much better. I sweeten things with organic stevia, raw honey, or pure maple syrup. Also, just drinking green or white tea will speed up your metabolism a bit. I cook everything in unrefined coconut oil, or organic butter made from grass fed cows. If you just incorporate a few of those things I am sure it will help. Cereal used to be my main staple, that was the most difficult shift for me, but it's one of the best things I have ever done.
@_date: 2013-11-26 20:24:29
I never said inflation helped net savers, are **you** high? If you are unable to see any of the massive contradictions in what you are taught then I will stop wasting my time.
I will leave you with these thoughts:
1) In the same way that I cannot take money from you, pay myself a salary, and then buy you something with what is left over that will improve your life more than the money would have in the first place, the government cannot provide any measurable net benefit. It can only waste resources and act as a giant free rider.
2) What is the purpose of the financial sector? To streamline or facilitate the transfer of wealth between productive parties, right? The purpose of any sector of the economy is to provide some economic benefit, in the case of the financial sector the purpose is specifically to reduce friction in the process of allocating productive resources. The financial sector in the US currently makes up more than half of the economy. The situation is literally laughable. It's like if you spent more buying oil for your car than you spend on gasoline - the purpose of the oil is to make the gasoline more productive at transferring power to the road.
3) Do you really think broken windows and wars are good for economies? Why don't we just build ships and bombs and sink our own ships with our own bombs and celebrate our new found wealth forever into the future? I am telling you there are much clearer and better answers to what caused and ended the Great Depression and to what caused the gasoline shortages and inflation in the 70's than the ones you likely believe, but you have to be willing to entertain other possibilities first.
@_date: 2013-05-18 05:09:17
Actually it pretty much is. As someone who has built race cars professionally I can say with certainty that cheap, safe, efficient, and fun transportation is incredibly simple to build with the technology and materials available today. It is the requirements for HOW to make things "safe" that keep them from being efficient and cheap. The way the "big three" became the big three was by lobbying to make the safety features they developed the legal standard so that their competition either had to do things the same way and develop their own version of specific safety features or they had to buy the parts from GM or whoever lobbied for said regulation. Hopefully you can see why that would pose a problem for smaller companies trying to compete.
@_date: 2013-10-08 22:24:08
They don't care about creating jobs, they care about control. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 06:48:00
It isn't good for you to be able to buy things cheaper? Computers get cheaper every year, how does that hurt you?
@_date: 2013-04-08 08:54:47
"Dad, you know how people once said personal computers would never catch on? Yeah, you are being THAT guy right now. Bitcoin isn't a scam, it is an online bank ledger that is managed by a decentralized network of what is basically a bunch of home grown supercomputers. It was designed by people who didn't want the government to have any say in how they did business or ability to seize their assets (like in Cyprus).
The Internet has actually automated mail services, right? and radio, right? and made the dissemination of information free, right? So why would you think that it wouldn't eventually do the same thing to money and the financial system? Why do we need millions of people and tons of buildings and armored vehicles to do the job of transferring value around when ultimately they are just protecting a physical means of communicating and accounting for value - and they are doing it in an inefficient an easily corruptible manner? The Internet is automating money and finance and making it better - just like it has so many other things - you are going to be left behind if you don't wake up."
I would definitely say something like that ^ Might also help to know what personality type you are dealing with and tailor the message accordingly. And you could show him the Stefan Molynuex video - there will be no economic recovery - I majored in economics, that video is pretty much dead on - also look up shadowstats.com and let your dad read the little bio and then look at that. Once I got my dad to stop watching TV and to get his news online, everything else has been much simpler. It's hard to convince people they are being lied to. 
@_date: 2013-07-17 02:55:17
That's pretty badass!
Is it layered in such a way that the 1s and 0s could be moved around easily to create a matrix like gif? Seems like it could make a cool animation.
Edit: I want my money to twinkle in binary :D
@_date: 2013-06-06 17:51:28
Whatever dude, some people just have to try to kill the smiles :) Bitcoin is a 10/10 in my book.
@_date: 2013-03-30 17:02:59
Thanks :)
Apparently my ignorance of spam filters has already attracted some down votes, and if one talks about bitcoin in the wrong place or explains why Keynes was wrong then you might get down voted for a lack of ignorance... the adventures of reddit.
@_date: 2013-09-12 09:09:49
Not a bad video, definitely something bitcoiners should be interested in, but I couldn't help but think it looked a little like, just below the frame, this guy was actually sitting on the toilet trying to take a shit. His face is all twisted up like he is straining and he keeps kinda rocking back and forth. It's probably not nice for me to say that though, so I'm sorry.
@_date: 2013-07-17 05:50:42
Yeah, a gif of the twinkling there would be great, and I love this animation too! Awesome job!
@_date: 2013-03-10 03:43:15
Please don't say "deflationary spiral" it's so stupid it hurts me.
@_date: 2013-03-25 13:46:01
Actually Keynesians are more like the scientists who came up with all sorts of complicated equations to prove that the Sun, Mars, and all the other planets revolved around earth. They literally have everything upside down and make the economic world seem much more complicated and difficult to understand than it actually is.
@_date: 2013-11-23 00:16:25
"Deflation encourages saving and can kick off a paradox of thrift if not managed properly."
Right, because people might save to their own detriment. It would be terrible if someone selling shit people don't want went out of business. And if their going out of business makes resources cheaper for those producing things that people do want, that would also be bad, right? 
@_date: 2016-07-19 13:51:14
Centralized how?
@_date: 2013-12-13 07:05:22
I'll take the rapist for 8000.
Mr. Connery, that's therapist and the board only goes to 800.
@_date: 2013-07-02 18:58:40
Totally ruins my day, and I have big earrings so it is particularly frustrating. Sometimes I just feel like throwing all of my earrings away.
@_date: 2013-11-21 08:43:49
In the event that coinvalidation really becomes a serious concern, something like zerocoin, which is supposed to be released as an altcoin in the coming months, could grab a significant portion of bitcoin's share in black markets.
@_date: 2013-12-05 11:47:45
I know what you meant, I was just attempting to point out that you are wrong without calling you a dumbass.
@_date: 2013-04-02 05:58:45
There are all different types of honey will all different flavors and colors, made from different pollens; raw unprocessed honey is not the same thing as a refined syrup made from a grain. Honey is not the best of the sweeteners, but it's not corn syrup or aspartame. As I understand it, corn syrup actually suppresses insulin production and prevents our bodies from being able to properly burn off the sugar we do ingest, which can cause people to develop diabetic like issues. We have simply not evolved to be able to process grain in general, because it has only really been part of our diets for 10,000 years or so - and fossil records indicate that people grew much taller and kept all their teeth before we began farming, when we ate mostly meat and a smaller amount of fruits, veggies, and nuts. And we just don't have the stomachs or intestines to properly make use of nutrients and proteins wrapped in cellulose. If you look at the healthiest societies on earth with the longest lives, and lowest risk of diabetes, cancer, and heart disease, their diets include lots of meats and saturated fats, and little to no grain (with few exceptions). 
There is nothing wrong with butter. Our bodies need saturated fat in order to better absorb nutrients. And consuming healthy saturated fats will also increase your HDL cholesterol. Cholesterol is needed in the repair of brain cells. People who take medication to lower cholesterol often end up with mental problems for this reason, the goal should be to increase HDL and lower LDL, not lower all cholesterol levels. The problem with butter is that toxins often end up stored in fat as well, so butter made from livestock with unhealthy diets will more than likely be unhealthy. And dairy in general is pasteurized which destroys the healthy bacteria and damages the protein.   
But don't take my word for it, I am just suggesting that the paleo and primal diets are worth an examination despite whether some people are ridiculously religious about them or not. If you know that what the government teaches about monetary policy and economics is upside down, then why would what they teach about diet be any different? Do you really think that we have an obesity epidemic because people just don't care about their health? Or could it be that the low fat, high grain diet suggested by the government is actually the cause?
My brother lost 30lbs sitting at his computer doing literally nothing that even resembles exercise - eating eggs and bacon cooked in fat every morning and chicken and spinach cooked in fat most nights.
@_date: 2013-03-19 04:21:22
I think ultimately this is a good thing, the Feds making new guidelines about how bitcoin should operate will create the pressure needed for the development of decentralized exchange platforms. I wonder if one couldn't be built with bitmessage as the foundation? 
Slow pressure and recognition is good, calls attention, gives bitcoin community time to react. I mean, those who didn't know that it was all going to be outlawed eventually anyway are hopelessly naive, IMO.
@_date: 2013-04-25 02:32:19
OWS wasn't really a thing, it was just a collective feeling that something needed to be said or done. There was nothing concrete there, nothing really driving it. Bitcoin is money, and trade is life. The government is attacking and destroying money and trade and making it impossible to survive in traditional ways - that is why bitcoin was created in the first place.
@_date: 2013-03-24 19:34:05
Litecoin does not harm bitcoin anymore than silver harms gold or xubuntu harms the market for Ubuntu. It's not really a big deal. There is plenty of room in the world for more than one crypto currency.
@_date: 2013-03-25 13:00:56
Wait, so you don't get how inflation drags everyone's money into banks and brokerage firms that allow the upper class to steal from everyone faster? Not to mention that most of the inflation comes directly from fractional reserve lending. Inflation causes massive upward transfers of value and rewards people who spend wildly and are the least fiscally responsible (like banks leveraged 40/1) at the expense of those who save. It's like a reward to those who volunteer for financial slavery and then can hold a job through violent bubbles and market swings. As for the poor, it may shortly give them a taste of something better in the form of a financed car or home, but generally it is all taken away less than a decade later, usually trapping them in poverty pretty much forever after that. Or at least trapping them in dependency on the State for financial help.
A currency lacking large amounts of monetary inflation simply encourages sustainable consumption and rewards the fiscally responsible. It's far better on the poor who can earn a return on their savings without having to give someone else control of their money. The price deflation of the late 1800s actually made it one of the most prosperous times in US history for the average person. There is a reason those in power want currencies to inflate, they want everyone else to have to run on their financial treadmill. Price deflation eventually grants most people financial independence.
@_date: 2013-12-20 10:37:58
Ah, but your comment is intelligent and profound.
@_date: 2013-04-08 07:58:21
Thank you for this, good sir. You are a gentleman and a scholar.
While I am happy about user friendliness and attempts to idiot proof things, bitcoin itself currently represents a move away from the world of the mindless, brainwashed existence, where people are being spoon fed and rewarded for regurgitation. Living can only be done through learning and growing, and what could be more important than understanding the tools for trade that make all of our lives possible? Bitcoin is a much needed lesson in economics and computer science all by itself, and it forces people to have real skin in the game to benefit.
It's funny how people are happy to make a course in school "mandatory," and school attendance "mandatory," but when a real life lesson exists that people are rewarded for learning, or that they can voluntarily choose to ignore and remain part of a financial system that is stealing from them, there are cries that things are too harsh and too difficult. If you want to be free, just pretend bitcoin is a mandatory prerequisite in the school of life.
@_date: 2013-03-25 13:16:43
Stop looking at it as granting too many benefits to early adopters and look at it as the poor constantly needing less and less money to live on. Only greedy, jealous people worry about undeserved benefits in a reality that constantly makes life cheaper for everyone else.
@_date: 2013-03-28 18:57:24
j/k right?
@_date: 2013-07-17 05:48:13
The USSR was killing and forcing poverty on people the entire time it existed.
If you have done extremely well then I would bet you are in an industry either directly or indirectly supported by government. There are exceptions, but they are few and far between.
That paper represents some people's whole life savings. To devalue it is to steal everything people have worked for their entire lives and enslave them. You must work in some government supported industry if your concept of money is that distorted. That paper represents the access to resources that some people have actually had to work hard and earn, unfortunately some have been given money out of all proportion to what they contribute at the expense of everyone else and it has made them rather arrogant and disconnected from reality.
Edit: it is hard to understand how someone with seemingly so little understanding of money would have any interest in bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-11 07:25:15
I believe the correct question is how long will it take for the bitcoin economy to become so much more profitable and more successful than the over taxed and dying dollar economy that it is easier to deal in bitcoins than dollars? How long will it take for google and amazon to be replaced by more decentralized secure and convenient services? Who in the bitcoin community is going to create these things?
@_date: 2013-11-16 00:42:20
Well it is not as if anyone can take bitcoin away from Mike or anyone else. They could simply choose not to donate to certain members until they straighten out such "misunderstandings." If the other members know it is a misunderstanding then they can help explain the situation and can support any members they consider underfunded.
I'd just really like to get some video explanations from some of these people. There needs to be some incentive for a couple members to jump on Skype and give people a simple explanation to what is going on.
Edit: and if it is all just a misunderstanding (that you understand), please feel free to help straighten that out right now. :)
@_date: 2013-11-23 00:05:48
1) If money doesn't hold value it makes any consumption more desirable than holding worthless paper. Any form of temporary enjoyment becomes potentially a higher value than dealing with the extra costs of actually trying to figure out how to hold onto and store some purchasing power in the hopes of chasing some future goal.
2) People who want to produce things that they want and need, and who know how to produce things that other people want and need more then they want their money. Ultimately money is only useful for what it can buy either now or in the future. Are you not going to buy a cup of coffee or breakfast because your money might buy you more next week? People have to consume to survive.
3) Supply shocks? Like what? Too much stuff being produced? Prices go down, things become more accessible, the least efficient of the producers go out of business, resources are reallocated. No central planner can improve the efficiency of millions of individuals voluntarily reallocating resources to their benefit and the subsequent benefit of those around them. The complexity of such situations make the things that happen sometimes appear chaotic so the more ignorant and arrogant among us often believe they know better what to do with other people's money and resources, but if you actually dig a little deeper you'll find that is almost never the case.
4) I guess by waste I mean unsustainability and misallocations of resources. When the market crashes or corrects violently it is a sign of misallocation. When the government steps in to prevent corrections or crashes it perpetuates these misallocations. When there are whole sectors of the economy that depend on inflation to exist (like the current financial sector) that is a sign of massive misallocation and waste.
5) This is just a bunch of nonsense. Private debt is private debt. If I promise to fix a neighbor's car in exchange for help building a house then I owe him some car repair, the government has nothing to do with this. Adding money to the equation changes nothing, it only allows for more accurate measuring of time value.
@_date: 2013-07-16 12:32:04
Yeah, just a continued depression, rolling black outs, mass poverty, tent cities, death, and starvation, all inflicted by government policy - no big deal... And the FEMA camps, thousands of tanks, hundreds of thousands of coffins, and 2 billion rounds of anti personnel ammo, none of that will be used for anything nefarious. 
@_date: 2013-04-25 02:54:59
I hear people say things like this from time to time, things like, "Oh you're into Rand, you'll grow out of that." "Yeah, I used to be a libertarian." Assuming they are being honest, all I can think is how they probably came so close to really grasping and understanding things, and then just gave it all up because they couldn't handle the ridicule from the people that they have themselves turned into. "Your beliefs are too extreme" is not an argument. There was once a time when believing the world was round was "extreme," but that didn't make it any less true. Taxation is theft, inflation is theft, and central, coercive, monopoly control of money is not a good thing - extreme or not - that's just reality.
"Yeah, I used to believe the world wasn't flat, but I saw through all that brainwashing." "I used to believe slavery was bad, but how would the cotton get picked? You have to be practical; you have to be realistic."
Tl,dr:  The number of people who believe a thing is irrelevant to what is or isn't true. 
@_date: 2013-09-18 18:25:34
But the problem with our current financial system (that leads to bubbles) is that money can be lent out with no actual concern for the supply of savings (which is the actual supply of loanable funds). In the case of bitcoin, spendable bitcoins can only exist in one person's wallet at a time, so the supply of loanable bitcoins is directly dependent on the supply of savings/loanable funds. There can be no price fixing of the interest rate or inflation due to loans. You literally cannot give someone a bitcoin to spend if you don't already have the bitcoin yourself.
@_date: 2013-12-17 20:11:50
Omg, TIL the moon is just a dusty old Death Star.
@_date: 2013-06-06 17:32:50
Some of us understood. No victim, no crime :)
@_date: 2013-11-13 09:49:24
Great video! 
Also relevant:  
@_date: 2013-03-09 19:46:59
Well, certainly there would need to be some way to sync some information or part of a person's wall among approved friends, but otherwise, why would it be a bad thing if when I am not online neither is most of my info? I mean maybe there could be a lite social client and a full social client (a full node) and the ability to decide what gets stored where on both. And if someone's wall not being available all the time is a problem for people, then there is a new market for businesses making mini consumer level servers using the raspberry pi, right? And it shouldn't require too much bandwidth if people are basically just sharing text and links and maybe thumbnails, right? I mean I envision it being like its own browser sort of too, so that videos and pictures saved in different places and being hosted online can be a part of the browsing experience. Everyone doesn't have to host all of their own pictures and video, they just host what they don't want online when they aren't online - the current torrent networks and things like Mega, Dropbox, youtube, and Imgur, could all still be used to make info available to people, right? - it would just be a way to eliminate steps and make some of the file sharing world more mainstream, and hopefully pull people off of Facebook while helping to secure a little bit more freedom for the Internet, file-sharers, and bitcoin users.
Clearly, it's not a simple thing to do, but it seems almost inevitable that things will eventually go there to me. I am not a programmer though, so idk, Im more of a builder, working on some 3d printer type thangs at the moment. But I dream about having a decentralized social network to share info and sell things on that is as stupid simple and efficient as Facebook, Reddit, Twitter, and ebay, without the headaches of Facebook or Paypal.
@_date: 2013-04-05 02:32:32
How could transferring more purchasing power into the hands of bitcoin supporters possibly kill bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-08-22 01:52:17
The dollar only has value because there is a government pointing guns at people and requiring fees and taxes to be paid in dollars. It has very little to do with what people want to use as money or what they value. Bitcoin on the other hand is valued because it is useful for trade and as a means of accounting, it is scarce, and because control freaks with guns don't have much control over it.
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:45:58
A disease 
@_date: 2013-05-18 14:29:19
Yeah, thank you :)
@_date: 2013-04-25 04:40:06
I actually had a friend back in high school who had a really nice stereo system stolen from his car, and he actually found it in the showroom of a local stereo place with his car's wiring harness still attached and the police did nothing. Insurance was collected tho.
@_date: 2013-12-11 20:04:13
The internet's efforts to automate the entire finance industry.
@_date: 2013-11-22 21:22:34
Definitely not, inflation makes money much more disposable, so equally disposable products become more attractive. Inflation also causes hoarding of land and potentially useful resources in an effort to protect one's past earnings. 
Deflation encourages people to save and live in sustainable ways and only consume when it will benefit them close to, or more so than simply saving would. Few would hoard a resource that appreciates slower than their currency, so the supply of resources is naturally greater and access ultimately costs less.
All of consumerism, waste, and the massive amounts of private debt are greatly incentivized by an inflationary currency.
@_date: 2013-07-02 18:07:10
Some of us don't want the government to tax us, and their stealing of half my earnings doesn't help me provide for myself.
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:11:57
Put all your eggs in one basket and watch the fucking basket!
@_date: 2013-04-05 03:14:10
Tulips and beanie babies are not money, they aren't divisible, durable, efficient tools for transferring, communicating, and storing value. Why would you even try to compare bitcoin to those things? Because they saw a spike in demand at some point? So did Facebook and Twitter, are you going to compare bitcoin to social networks too?
@_date: 2013-03-19 05:14:42
Registering anything with the government would be beyond retarded. Just my 2internets.
@_date: 2013-03-30 17:16:14
You are looking at this the wrong way IMO (even ignoring your 51% comment), the gov't is made up of the greediest and least principled people in society - get them using it and bribing each other in bitcoin and the government will have to harm itself if it ever decides to fight bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-25 15:42:58
Actually it is. Buying and holding bitcoin transfers purchasing power to the bitcoin economy and out of the inflating fiat economies. Buying and saving bitcoin is quite literally an investment in every bitcoin business.
@_date: 2013-11-07 10:14:16
This is the exact level of intelligence in just about every debate about anything on CNBC, with few exceptions. The whole channel only exists so that insiders and big financial players can announce their "picks" to create enough buying volume so that they can get out of their trades.
@_date: 2013-04-10 13:29:04
Yeah, but if Willy Wonka had just created a computer program that would release 21 million new recipes and the people at CocaCola didn't know, then you should say something about it no matter who you are.
@_date: 2013-03-19 15:10:21
Or just route interweb traffic through some other country, is there really a need to move?
@_date: 2013-11-27 01:54:40
Seriously, if you don't understand that goods and money are in fact separate things then you are completely delusional. When the German Mark lost value at a rate equivalent to today's price of gasoline going from $3 to more than $900 in one month, were goods and money of equal value? I think you are taking an awful lot of things for granted.
You can stick your head in the sand when it comes to the circumstances surrounding the value of the dollar, but you can't escape the consequences of sticking your head in the sand. In any case, good luck to you too.
@_date: 2013-07-16 06:06:15
Actually I agree that it will be very similar to the USSR, if you think that was a walk in the park you should read more about it.
It IS mathematically certain that the dollar WILL collapse, there is no possible way to recover from the sort of monetary inflation and artificial support of financial markets that the US government has engaged in. It is simply unsustainable.
@_date: 2013-05-23 06:17:11
Look up paleo and primal diets. 6 people close to me have all done the same thing with the same results, regardless of exercise. It has 100% success rate in our own little life "study."
I apologize if it sounds like I am preaching, but I have this same conversation with people who tell me the same things I have heard 10,000 times like I have obviously just never heard these things before, otherwise I would believe in their version of democracy and regulation and a mixed economy or whatever.
Unfortunately, it sounds very much like you are trying not to understand me for some reason, like maybe your start-ups depend on government grant money or something (in which case you enjoy the "freedom" of working with other people's money). If on the other hand, you and your friends operate with all your own skin in the game then more power to you. If that is the case though, I imagine at some point you may begin to see what I am talking about - actually, I think you would probably already see it very clearly. Everything the government does involves the initiation of force and violence and coercion. It doesn't matter how charitable a group of thieves and mass murderers are with a small portion their money, they are still thieves and murderers. I do operate my own business and the government is in the way of literally everything I do. It's OK though, the world is changing and I highly doubt the US government and all of the mega corporations it subsidizes will survive. It will be nice IMO to see the US empire go the way of all the other empires before it; actually I think the future is already looking quite bright. The Internet and bitcoin and some of the emerging technologies for encrypted communication seem to be changing things for the better and making the burdens of taxation, regulation, inflation, and BS IP wars something that people can simply opt out of.
@_date: 2013-05-18 02:39:18
So Ford sold model A's at a loss? Did Honda sell their motorcycles at a loss? Most successful companies have humble beginnings. Unfortunately, today, we live in a world where small businesses cannot survive the regulation and licensing and tax and other legal burdens, so most of you believe that it is normal for a company to be in the red for a decade and for loans and venture capital to be the only avenues for growth and business success. It is my sincerest hope that things will not always be this way.
@_date: 2013-07-16 05:39:03
You should look around, it's already here. You can stick your head in the sand if you want, but you cannot avoid the consequences of sticking your head in the sand.
Double digit inflation, 20+% unemployment, bank bailouts, banks being paid to exist and not loan money, mandates to buy insurance (which caused my health insurance premiums to double, I can't afford it now), I work in residential construction and the cost of building a house just went up by about $8000 because of new fees and regulations, I live in the middle of nowhere and we are getting govt funded solar plants and we have been notified that our electricity bills will likely INCREASE, a local company just got $14 million from the government to provide slower Internet for an uncompetitive price, another company got about the same amount to stay open and they immediately laid everyone off, a new insurance mandate is causing local gas stations that have been around for decades to close, new regulations are being imposed on some of the only big businesses left in the area which is causing layoffs and may even lead to the closure of entire plants despite the fact that they produce things that are actually in high demand. It's not a pretty picture. But lots of local businesses are making tax optional on cash purchases. So, like I said, you should probably just look around.
@_date: 2013-11-10 15:47:06
Think about it like this: 
The purpose of the financial sector is to make transactions efficient so that production and distribution costs are less. So that people are better able to get hold of the goods and services they need to survive and hopefully live comfortably.
Currently the financial sector is larger than all of the rest of the sectors of the economy combined. How, in any sane world, could the sector meant to streamline production actually be larger than all production?
@_date: 2013-10-09 00:22:35
I do enjoy Joe Rogan's show despite his lack of economic knowledge and somewhat naive view of government. 
Think about this though, there is an organization that bombs any country trying to sell oil for something other than dollars, that spies on everyone, actively creates and promotes compromised encryption software "for your safety," attempts to arrest people who make these things public, arrests anyone trying to create their own sound currency, wants desperately to make owning weapons illegal despite statistics showing very clearly that armed communities have far lower crime rates, and the list goes on and on and on. It could not be any more obvious, and anyone who insinuates that pointing out the reality of our situation is conspiratorial or whatever, is beyond willfully ignorant.
@_date: 2013-03-25 13:29:48
That is rather silly, it doesn't reward overconsumption, but everything is constantly on sale so when the thing you thought you wanted a year ago is less than 1/10th the price now, its hard not to think damn that's fuckin cheap and buy it! And it certainly doesn't encourage the use of dollars, it makes me never want to have any of my savings in dollars for even a day or a minute. It makes me want to unload my dollars into bitcoin and things I need as fast as possible and then avoid them like the plague. 
@_date: 2013-11-03 19:57:15
@_date: 2013-06-07 00:24:47
Depends on what you believe constitutes an "attempt" to murder someone, but if shots are fired or a knife is held to a person's throat then yes, I believe the victim of such an attempt might have a claim to some sort of damages.
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:52:42
In other words, why not decentralize the foundation and the way it is funded?
@_date: 2013-04-10 14:00:06
Oh I totally think he botched the presentation, and I would have fucking lied about having some before I said I didn't in the middle of a presentation on them. If they laughed I would have no problem standing up and saying "No, this is very serious, if none of you know about this it's a serious problem for you." I am also pretty loud and tend to get called a dick a lot, but I have a hard time remembering the last time I was laughed at for presenting an idea. I tend to be very good at making people feel stupid even sometimes when I am wrong. (Edit: not that I am particularly proud of that)
My brother and I just talked about bitcoin for a half hour or so in front of my grand parents, the least open minded and most technically retarded people I know and both Sensing Thinkers (STJs actually, so very resistant to change) and it ended with them wanting to know how to get some. My mom asked me to buy some for her a couple days later which is like an earth shattering positive development if there ever was one.
@_date: 2013-11-09 13:04:12
Actually there are a lot of brick and mortar stores that serve as fronts for lots of business that the government doesn't approve of. Just sayin.
@_date: 2013-11-16 00:22:58
Market saturation
@_date: 2013-03-11 07:29:35
Spreading the word that electronics are cheaper in bitcoin at bitcoinstore should draw a lot of new people.
@_date: 2013-04-05 02:23:13
Speculation isn't going to kill bitcoin, if your business doesn't last then it likely wasn't a proper allocation of resources.
@_date: 2013-03-12 14:55:17
When ma or grandma's SS or paycheck aren't worth anything then they will either learn to use bitcoin, become a total burden on their younger family members, die, or go into FEMA camps. Life for people who use dollars (or euros or whatever) is eventually going to get very difficult. While at the same time bitcoin will be financially rewarding and continually get easier to use.
@_date: 2013-06-05 07:23:56
Making it difficult for people to buy bitcoin will serve as a barrier to its rapid growth and success, however, it will not kill bitcoin. It is a great idea for people to work on ways to sell bitcoin - ATM's, unregulated exchanges, and things of that sort - but don't stress out, things will get there. By all means, if you can help create solutions then do it, but stressing out and worrying everyone about it isn't going to help anything. If you see a problem, decide you want to solve it and go learn what you need to learn to make it happen.
@_date: 2013-10-09 02:19:46
Wow, thank you! :D
@_date: 2013-12-11 23:17:51
How could a rising value of savings be a bad thing? It would mean that everything was always on sale. My savings is always rising in terms of computer power. A stable money supply combined with economic growth = rising value of savings.
Edit: price deflation is the only real way to measure economic growth
@_date: 2013-03-27 19:41:00
That doesn't make any sense, if I have a desire to hoard bitcoins, then that means I also have a desire to continue acquiring them whether that means accepting them as pay or converting my fiat into them. So that would drive the price up, not down. Things don't lose value because people want them. 
@_date: 2013-04-23 23:21:28
Not really, if I put shit on paper then the paper is worth less than paper.
@_date: 2013-11-16 04:01:03
Not sure why you got down voted, you are correct, the problem with the dollar is that it is essentially a debt note or gov't issued security rather than a currency anymore. I assume that is what you were saying?
@_date: 2013-12-20 05:12:15
Saving is good. Falling prices are good. Stop believing the pseudo economic drivel repeated endlessly by Keynesian economists who have been wrong about almost everything, but loved by politicians who like to spend other people's money.
@_date: 2013-05-14 00:45:37
Pretty sure I am not on that list yet. $251.45
@_date: 2013-03-26 17:42:59
Even with true monetary deflation, it would be difficult for deflation to "kill an economy." Savers are rewarded with more purchasing power when there is deflation of any kind. People must consume in order to survive, so wealth would simply be transferred from the fiscally irresponsible to the fiscally responsible and prices would adjust down. Recessions are caused by deflating debt bubbles, recessions can then be made into depressions by attempting to maintain or continue the resource misallocation caused by the debt bubble via force and coercion. Inflation and the use of force and coercion are the real problems.
@_date: 2013-10-11 02:07:59
Why the hell would the Fed taper? They just appointed a new fed chair that is in favor of negative interest rates, they are not going to taper. They literally cannot taper without causing a major crash at this point.
@_date: 2013-11-28 14:27:00
Price inflation vs monetary inflation. Bitcoin is monetarily inflationary by design, but at a rate that, I assume, Satoshi hoped would produce price deflation.
@_date: 2013-03-09 20:33:58
Yeah, but Pods aren't connected well if at all, I couldn't find people who I knew had accounts - maybe I was doing something wrong, idk, but it was not a Facebook/twitter replacement.
This looks extremely interesting though! @_date: 2013-05-19 23:25:10
Yes, I am aware of the tragedy of the commons and you explain the the commonly held beliefs about how the world works very well. But it is extremely important to remember where the incentives for much of today's "scientific study" come from. Governments and organizations with political agendas fund most of the scientific research in today's world. The government needs to create and exaggerate external threats - if there were no such problems then there would be no need for government at all. This becomes more and more important as the government becomes bloated and overgrown, the people have to be constantly reminded of why they put up with the burdens of taxation. It is terribly important to look at the patterns, the life stages, of governments. Near the end of a government life cycle the organization(s) in power always create and exaggerate external threats, both real and imagined in order to cling to power just a bit longer. The war on drugs, the war on terror, the war on obesity, the terrible threat of "climate change."
The evolution of technology is a very predictable and natural thing, there is no amount of theft or coercive dictates that can speed up that process. And I don't know of anyone who suggests that people shouldn't organize and work together to solve major problems, I just don't believe the threat of violence is a good way to do that. If anything the growing number of anarchists and libertarians and the general dissatisfaction with gov't is proof of that. The increase in threats and laws and force doesn't make people want to help achieve anything except freedom from the ideas and the dictates of the people making the threats. So if climate change is in fact real (which after a serious amount of time spent studying it I seriously doubt it is) then the worst thing any fool could do would be to make laws and use force to "fight" climate change because large portions of the population will immediately dismiss it as bullshit. 
Are you aware that if the cap and tax legislation passed the carbon exchange would be the world's largest derivatives market? Are you aware of the global financial mess we are in thanks to government created derivatives markets? And if you look up the names of the politicians and other "important people" investing in the trading technology and who will benefit from the creation of the new exchange you might begin to see that it's not the self interest of capitalism that is the problem, but the self interest underlying most "altruistic" and "democratic" efforts to "save the world" that are the real issues. 
The government is a system funded by theft, if it does something wrong or implements a bad policy people can't choose to stop funding said policy - it is NOT a system by the people. A system by the people would be one in which people could choose to fund only that which they cared about. And if you think people simply don't care then are you saying you don't care? I care about making the world a better place, I just disagree with most people on the methods. That disagreement does not give you or anyone else the right to force me to do things your way. If the world worked that way I would have never done much of anything. You would be surprised how many supposedly intelligent engineers will tell you that you can't do a thing right before you do it. 
There is conspiracy of ignorance in the world. A conspiracy in which the ignorant believe that their agreement with one another means they are correct and have the moral right to force others to comply with their "knowledge" of how to do things. Saturated fat and salt are bad, "PASS A LAW!" Yet so many people with low fat grain filled diets are fat and unhealthy, and I eat massive amounts of saturated fat and have less than 10% body fat. Cars should be safer, airbags make them safer, "PASS A LAW!" Yet when was the last time you ever saw a race car with an airbag? If they were really an efficient way to make a car safe wouldn't they be in all race cars? The reality is that they are heavy and expensive, and therefore a wasteful use of our precious resources on multiple levels - I know it sounds insane to some people, but there just might be a better way to keep people safe in an accident than having a balloon blow up in their face. There isn't one right way to do things, so making laws about how things should be done simply destroys innovation and prevents positive change. 
It's an unconscious conspiracy advanced by the acceptance of incorrect information as of it were true, the acceptance of a system that creates bad incentives, and that thrives on "emergencies" and problems. A system that rewards corruption over truth, what sounds nice over what actually works, those who deceive at the expense of those who tell the truth. A system that survives on theft and threats and violence, and that is strengthened by mass murder and the creation of new tools of destruction rather than by solving problems in peaceful ways.
@_date: 2013-10-02 21:09:23
Bitcoin was created to promote financial freedom, the end of a large successful "black market" means the financial tyrants have won a small battle in the larger war. 
However, the end of silkroad is a positive in that there is massive demand for a new decentralized marketplace without the same vulnerabilities, and there are lots of people energized and committed to helping make that happen.
@_date: 2013-03-31 05:55:56
Makes sense, maybe with all these advices combined I can graduate to big boy reddit britches soon. Now just make some cat posts right?
@_date: 2013-11-22 21:25:18
The cost of producing the bulb and the competition in the 100 year bulb market are still the main factors. Otherwise computers would cost more as they get more efficient and more powerful.
@_date: 2013-05-18 16:54:21
That's all fine, Nader was a moron, the Corvair was a good car, and believe it or not he did more to help the big car companies than hurt them, despite his best efforts.
Here is the deal, I studied cars obsessively from the time I was 15 until about 21 or so. I figured out somewhere along the way that I could build better, more efficient cars. Then I discovered the reason I could do this, was that it was illegal for many of the inefficiencies to not be built in to production cars. I found evidence to suggest that the large car companies had helped make this situation come about. It is also interesting to note that the government builds roads with money collected from the gas tax, so if cars became significantly more efficient revenue would drop (legal incentives matter). I honestly cannot remember where I found most of this info, but it is what led me to my interest in politics, and then economics and money (which I majored in). After a quick search I can't find any of the information I was referring to about automotive legislation and I don't really care enough at this point to spend hours on this. 
I am telling you though, at best, the control of regulatory agencies gets captured by the biggest companies, and at worst the regulatory agencies are created by the big companies - it is the same in every industry. The ROI on political investments is massive, much greater in most cases than trying to productively compete and innovate. 
The government is simply the organization through which incompetent companies destroy their competition and attempt to steal from and control consumers. Some even use the government to wage war on other parts of the world so they can expand into areas they wouldn't otherwise have been able to expand into. That's pretty much all any government is, a tool for sociopaths. And what makes it worse is the government is cloaked in an advanced form of religion that makes people believe they are part of government and they have a say, and the symbols and songs are theirs and represent them, so many die to protect the very thing that is making their lives more difficult.
Like I said, believe whatever you want, but after 5 years of studying cars I landed a top position designing and building cars for an arrive and drive program in the Koni Challenge series. After 7 years of studying economics and politics with a similar intensity I am an agorist and crypto-anarchist. Honestly, I am quite tired of arguing with people about little things, the bigger picture is all that really matters. I think bitcoin is a really big and important piece of that picture; I think it would be a shame to be involved with bitcoin at this stage and not have some idea as to what it's big picture importance might be. If bitcoin is successful, there may come a time where people actually don't have to wonder if a company is just supported by government theft.
@_date: 2013-03-20 17:19:25
If they only did things that people wanted then they wouldn't have to force people to pay. Governments are not benevolent service providers that just happen to be inefficient. People the world over are operating under systems of soft slavery; we are free range livestock; financial assets. We have the product of our labor harvested (via inflation and more direct forms of taxation) and they try to leave us just enough so that we will produce more next year. The system operates on theft and deals in force.
If I said, "Hey, I'll give you $100 for your computer or you can go to jail." Would I be providing you with a service? 
@_date: 2013-09-20 18:28:26
Correction: 10 things that show this author knows next to nothing about bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-16 20:38:44
What didn't happen?
@_date: 2013-11-26 19:56:13
Good talk.
A few things:
1) Peter kept mentioning that everyone could get scared and try to cash out. This has happened a couple of times already and still things have continued higher because there are people who understand the technology and believe it has value no matter what the market price is right now.
2) Why do people prefer fiat to gold? Because there are far lower costs to making transactions and storing and protecting fiat. Bitcoin takes these advantages that fiat has over gold and improves upon them significantly.
3)What are the limitations or problems with fiat? The main problem that I see is the fact that their supply is easily manipulated and controlled by some central authority. Bitcoin eliminates this problem entirely (aside from small potential threats of a 51% attack, etc.).
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:16:13
I agree light bulbs were a bad example.
@_date: 2013-11-22 21:29:10
The computer market is deflationary, why do you have a computer? Why does the sector employ so many people? There are things you are missing.
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:31:54
Gonna put money in, wait for the bottom, buy, and then ride the next year to the next bubble up somewhere around $1800 or $2000 :) 
@_date: 2013-05-04 18:29:21
Haha, nah if the government is gonna make them worthless then you should be happy to get back into safe fiat money at any price :)
@_date: 2013-09-09 00:41:34
How are you better off tomorrow if your money is worth less? An economy does better when individuals are financially better off (there is no forest only trees). Debt and overconsumption do not make people better off, savings make people better off. Inflation destroys savings; it is a bad thing. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 20:16:23
Inflation is NOT good for an economy - ever
Money is at best a key to real wealth. If you have one car and you pass out ten keys to that car to ten people is that good for your chances of having access to the car when you need it? Does your standard of living go up as the access to your car is inflated?
Passing out more keys makes people think they are doing well, it creates a bubble because ten people believe they've all got cars now, so they plan like they have a car. Then when the reality sets in that the ten keys weren't actually backed by ten cars and their projects can't be completed, the bubble pops. Banks which should have gone out of business are bailed out and now claim that the people who got keys owe them a car. Whether anyone is consciously directing it or not, it's a scam.
Edit: down vote all you want, but it doesn't make what I am saying any less true. I majored in Econ, I was taught the same bullshit you down voters still believe. Money is a tool for accounting for and storing value, if it doesn't store value well it's a broken tool.
@_date: 2013-09-09 01:30:40
So you think subsidizing Wall Street by devaluing money is a good idea? 
Investing is a specialized discipline.  What good can possibly come of creating massive incentive for people, who generally have no idea what they are doing (80% of people put their money in mutual funds), to invest in order to hold on to what they have earned? It's just an effort by people in the financial industry to transfer wealth to the financial industry via government policy. 
@_date: 2013-09-01 11:51:57
More like 10% -  
@_date: 2013-04-08 08:59:54
Add Bollinger bands to the chart and think of it as atmosphere bitcoin needs to breathe. 
@_date: 2013-05-04 18:23:23
I believe very strongly that governmental positions will eventually be anti-bitcoin, so if you think that means bitcoin has no future you should sell yours to me.
@_date: 2013-04-08 18:03:18
I think this is both hilarious and wonderful - most of the comments here suggest that there are far too many pussies using the currency that was designed to set the world free.
@_date: 2013-11-16 00:34:36
Exactly, if bitcoin ends up worth a whole lot it likely won't be valued in government fiat at all. No one would trade worthless paper for such a valuable means of accounting. This is why it is hard to get bitcoin into Iran, no one is willing to trade for the Iranian currency. At some point the dollar will simply cease to measure the value of bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2013-11-13 08:20:35
This is actually a big deal. All production and wealth is built from actual mining and raw materials, to have bitcoin entering these markets is fantastic.
When oil can be purchased with bitcoin, as a currency it will have arrived :)
@_date: 2013-03-19 05:33:06
They don't really have that power, but they do if idiots in the bitcoin community roll over and give it to them. Bitcoin can work outside the law. My hope is this sort of thing will be the push needed to get people working on user friendly decentralized p2p exchanges that are secure, at least pseudo anonymous, and that still allow for price info to be shared widely, and exchanges to be made quickly and efficiently. This sort of pressure from the Feds could be a good thing in the long run. But the bitcoin infrastructure definitely still has a way to go.
@_date: 2013-11-10 16:04:58
Still technically true, inflation occurs because of fed policy, which is a direct subsidy to the banks, and because of fractional reserve banking. I mean, in a free and competitive market banks might not engage in actions that create inflation, but history has shown that they can, and then will even use their essentially stolen profits to support a politician that will create a fed system for them.
@_date: 2013-09-09 00:48:53
Made it funnier, I thought of Mike Tyson... "now kith" 
@_date: 2013-07-15 10:49:56
Real inflation rates are up around 10% - all official government statistics are manipulated. Trusting the official numbers put forth by the US government today is like trusting the official numbers coming out of the Soviet Union just before it fell.
Also inflation isn't instant, money is printed first. There has been a LOT more printed than what consumer prices would indicate. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 07:58:41
People want their hoard of bitcoin to grow more valuable so they can spend them. It amazes me how many people seem to oppose saving and fiscal responsibility. I'm guessing you have lots of debt and that somehow makes you selfless?
@_date: 2013-05-23 22:35:08
@_date: 2013-11-10 15:38:09
My guess is he was referring to inflation, which is actually seriously understated. The government that supports the big banks says they are only costing the economy 2-3% a year.
@_date: 2013-12-25 19:55:56
Don't deposit thousands of dollars, just deposit what you must and otherwise use cash or bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-28 05:59:15
Bitcoin's power level is currently more than 9000 internets :)
@_date: 2013-11-26 19:56:46
Good talk.
A few things:
1) Peter kept mentioning that everyone could get scared and try to cash out. This has happened a couple of times already and still things have continued higher because there are people who understand the technology and believe it has value no matter what the market price is right now.
2) Why do people prefer fiat to gold? Because there are far lower costs to making transactions and storing and protecting fiat. Bitcoin takes these advantages that fiat has over gold and improves upon them significantly.
3)What are the limitations or problems with fiat? The main problem that I see is the fact that their supply is easily manipulated and controlled by some central authority. Bitcoin eliminates this problem entirely (aside from small potential threats of a 51% attack, etc.).
@_date: 2013-11-28 23:35:08
If you are looking for official government approval of ideas that refute their propaganda, you aren't going to find it. But if you work to actually understand the concepts, the economic data is actually there to back it up.
Mises.org has a massive amount of information to dig through. And I can recommend quite a few books if you'd like. 
@_date: 2013-11-16 00:21:27
But this would just be a way to introduce actual checks and balances inside the bitcoin foundation based on the ideas each member promotes. It's not democracy in the voting sense, it's democracy (or freedom to support individuals without supporting a whole collective) in the economic sense.
@_date: 2013-07-17 16:35:22
Yes, but some of us prefer a supply and demand curve that doesn't involve institutionalized theft and coercion.
@_date: 2013-04-01 21:53:18
You should look into the paleo/primal diet, I have never really been overweight but I now have a level of control over my weight that I had no idea was possible. Less than 10% body fat at the moment, and I just generally feel better and healthier.
Also, allergies are likely to be cured by fixing diet - seriously, you should check it out.
@_date: 2013-11-28 18:52:02
The monetary inflation in bitcoin is not a positive feature, it is simply the only way to distribute the coins without giving any person or group of people too much power.
Price deflation is the only way to accurately measure economic growth.
I hope you are making a joke about switching to inflation and a central bank. Why do you think bitcoin was created? Centralized control is a weakness, and leads to corruption.
Edit: I say this as an economist (yes really) who has chased the contradictions in what he was originally taught.
@_date: 2013-03-31 13:52:19
Well that's interesting. Might explain some of my problems.
@_date: 2013-12-22 07:41:36
Yeah but almost 30,000 btc is enough to retire somewhere, especially next year sometime if this growth keeps up.
@_date: 2013-04-04 15:03:03
Being a bitcoin only merchant is great! That is exactly what the bit-conomy needs, things sold only for bitcoin. But if you aren't selling enough, maybe that's a sign that you are focusing on selling the wrong things at this point in the development of the bitconomy rather than a sign that the market isn't doing enough to support you.
@_date: 2013-11-12 19:05:58
This has always seemed to me to be an explanation very devoid of any actual explanation.
@_date: 2013-05-01 02:09:30
I no longer vote, and for those who have yet to realize it, the very purpose of crypto money is to eliminate the need to be concerned with politics or with tax rates etc. The goal was to bring an end to the current political and financial tyranny; to make the current system obsolete. 
I will say, however, that I am happy for any politician to spread awareness of bitcoin among other politicians, because if they are using it for campaigns, then they will be using it for bribes and back room deals, and in so doing they will be helping to bring about the demise of the very system from which their power is derived.
Tl:dr If you aren't openly (or secretly) an anarchist or voluntarist then you should either read Rothbard or go back to using the monopoly controlled fiat, because you are helping to bring about the eventual end of government just by owning bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-22 06:55:05
Someone should start a betting pool on when the FBI employee(s) with the keys to said wallet makes off with the bitcoin and retires in some place that doesn't extradite to the US.
@_date: 2013-11-12 19:04:21
It's an online bank ledger, that is maintained by a network of volunteers with home grown supercomputers who can get paid a little if they can help confirm transactions in the ledger. Basically no one controls it and everyone helps with the record keeping. And money can be sent anywhere in the world pretty much instantly for like a penny - which is how the volunteer accountants with home grown supercomputers get paid. The big thing is that there is no central bank creating inflation and no one can counterfeit bitcoin, so the supply is limited.
Then I usually have to answer a few questions and explain that it is divisible to 8 decimal places, etc. And I usually mention that the network of computers protecting bitcoin is 200 times more powerful than the world's top 500 supercomputers at hashing sha256 (which sounds impressive even if they have no clue what I am saying).
@_date: 2013-11-14 18:39:59
Saving ("Hoarding," really? Are we fucking Keynesian politicians?) is not a bad sign ever. Saving can mean a lot of different things, not the least of which would be that all basic needs are met so the individual actually has the ability to postpone any further immediate consumption in favor of some larger project or other future consumption.
@_date: 2013-03-09 20:24:07
People use them because they make trading easier, and since they are scarce, the more things that can be traded for them, the more valuable they become.
@_date: 2013-03-25 15:18:57
Yes, because the idea that savings creates investment, and that war and the destruction of physical goods are not good for an economy = astrology
As someone who majored in Econ and who has been studying the subject everyday for most of a decade, I can't for the life of me figure out how lumber that has yet to be cut from trees can be loaned to build a house. Savings must precede lending and investing otherwise someone else is really paying for it.
And if Krugman is correct then we should be able to maintain full employment and infinite economic growth by building ships and bombs and then bombing our ships with our bombs forever into the future. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 08:34:28
High price = people want it. People want it = producers will accept it as payment. When producers begin accepting only bitcoin for highly sought after products and services we have a fully operational currency (see the black market for clear cut proof). Once people are earning and using bitcoin in one part of their lives just out of a desire for convenience they will likely use it for other things too.
The best thing to promote bitcoin is to simply let governments continue making it difficult and costly (excessive licensing, taxes, etc) for people to do business in government currencies. The overall disillusionment with everything government related that comes from the natural degeneration of such organizations is the greatest promoter of bitcoin there ever could be.
@_date: 2013-03-26 16:43:31
Keynesians believe that hurricanes, wars, and other forms of destruction are good for an economy. They tend to be concerned only with consumption and ignore the fact that real wealth comes in the form of useful things. As a result they generally advocate policies that cause economies to be overrun with debt, they tend to create massive bubbles, resource misallocation, overconsumption/consumerism, and they often engage in all sorts of theft and coercive measures "for your own good." 
They believe Say's Law is false. Say's Law says that only real savings can create real investment, in other words, you can't loan out what you don't have. Keynesians often assert that loans create deposits and demand, ignoring that products are the source of wealth and that money is simply an advanced tool for barter and that it has no magical powers to create wealth without actual products to buy. In reality, when loans are created with newly printed money this creates inflation and robs savers and producers of the purchasing power they they actually earned rather than printed.
I consider myself an Austrian Economist and I majored in the subject so here is what I believe: production is wealth, sound money earned and saved by producing things that people want is wealth. Destruction is destruction and is bad for an economy. A logger can't loan someone wood that he has not yet cut to build a house, so Say's Law is true (even Keynesians will generally admit that you can't start a bank with a loan, but then they will quickly forget that you ever brought it up). There is no such thing as a "deflationary death spiral" because people must consume to survive; on the other hand, inflationary death spirals are very real, fairly common, and have caused all sorts of death and destruction all around the world. One day the world is going to look back on this time in total disbelief of the economic horrors people inflicted on one another.
@_date: 2013-05-18 05:42:18
More than just safety regulations, but please feel free to believe whatever you want. I don't know what politicians supported what policies at the time, but politicians are supported by who? Do you know which companies funded both Romney and Obama's campaigns this time around? The ones who wouldn't exist without the right sort of policies, regulations, and subsidies.
@_date: 2013-05-28 00:01:10
3 meals of what, ramen or steak? A bus pass or their own new Lexus? A computer and Internet? How nice of a computer, a raspberry pi or a Mac Pro? The problem is the concept of a "living wage" is completely arbitrary and the words themselves objectively mean nothing. It is literally nothing more than an emotional appeal designed to garner the support of those who softness of heart has softened their brain.
@_date: 2013-11-16 09:12:07
Yeah, I sort of ran with it. Truly though, bitcoin is more a "money" than anything before it.
@_date: 2013-10-03 03:01:34
I am not sure you understand what financial freedom means.
@_date: 2013-05-23 19:06:15
Agreed, I still eat white rice once in a while, I still eat cheese (especially if I can get my hands on some Kerrygold cheese because it's heaven), and I still do protein shakes before and after my workouts (high quality protein, no soy) and I take vitamins rather than relying totally on whole foods for everything. So it's a primal diet, not strict paleo. I cook everything in coconut oil and/or Kerrygold butter (or bacon grease) and keep plenty of first cold press olive oil around. I also drink a decent amount of green or white tea, usually lightly sweetened with stevia, maple syrup, or raw honey. I avoid soy (all forms), corn syrup (corn anything), vegetable oils (canola oil etc), beet sugar, and wheat/gluten, among other things. My diet is basically just meat vegetables, a little fruit, and eggs, lots and lots of eggs.
As far as the other parts of this convo are concerned: 
And if you are getting government grants of some sort or a subsidy or something, enjoy it, but realize that is going to dry up (probably sooner than you think). I'd urge you to support the bitcoin economy and do whatever you can to undermine the state in the process and the stolen money won't have been wasted on you. Be the guy that gets Hitler to unknowingly fund an anti Hitler movie (or products and services that undermine gov't regulation in an industry, not support it). Play the game not just to win, but to end the game. Just my 0.02btc
@_date: 2013-12-12 08:13:21
Anything that involves lots of debt and leads to massive market corrections. Unsustainable consumption, like the housing bubble or the dot com bubble and the retail booms that coincide with them.
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:18:41
MMT does accurately explain most things the way they are, the problem with MMT and any Keynesian school of thought is the idea that Say's law has somehow been disproven. A house cannot be built with promises to cut down trees and make nails in the future. Only real production and real savings can ever create real investment. 
With the way things are currently arranged loans do create deposits, but that is why everything is clearly unsustainable and only getting worse. All of Mosler's proposals, aside from being completely unethical, might make things temporarily more efficient, but it would do nothing to fix the unsustainability of the system. 
A loan (in the monetary sense) is simply a key to access wealth that is already created. If people can get new keys with promises to pay people who have produced nothing, then the actual producers are being robbed because the things they should have access to are being siphoned away. In other words, the act of controlling the interest rate (which is merely the price of access to unearned wealth) divorces the limits of the real supply of physical wealth from the demands (and promises) for access to said wealth. The demands grow because the price has been artificially lowered, but increasing the supply of money available does nothing to increase the actual wealth available. Money is not wealth, it is access to wealth. So an increasing supply of money chases a slower increasing supply of real wealth, until the costs of access to new wealth completely outweighs any potential for returns, and the whole thing collapses and starts over again.
It would be more sustainable if the government or financial sector actually physically stole the things that they were granting to people via loans, at least that way people could better adjust for the costs of such a system. But the system as it is, steals from people and hides the theft in a distortion of prices and purchasing power.
@_date: 2013-09-12 08:58:27
I kinda agree, but its not a huge deal. Why not tweetacoin?
@_date: 2013-11-22 23:17:07
The tech sector is the only sector that moves fast enough to stay ahead of inflation. Everything gets cheaper and easier to produce in real terms.
Start at about 9:30 (couldn't link to the correct time from mobile) 
@_date: 2013-03-19 06:02:03
I will not be dissuaded, the government has already said the way I want to live is illegal. The dying western governments are only going to make life harder and harder for people in the "legal" above ground economy - so businesses will eventually either die or move into black and grey markets. There is not going to be any recovery. Bitcoin is pretty much "it" for financial freedom, which is why I think it will work, because there aren't really any other options.
@_date: 2013-07-26 18:03:14
If you reduce tax revenue and simply start reducing the number of people trading in dollars around the world, what happens to the dollar? What happens to any ponzi scheme when the number of people entering declines drastically and the exits increase? What happens to the US government, the ponzi operator? What happens to all the banks (central banks included) that the US government has bailed out around the world? If the number of people saving and trading dollars doesn't increase forever then the dollar dies. When the dollar dies, governments and the entire global financial industry as we know it die. That doesn't mean there won't be criminal organizations trying to claim some governing authority, but it will be nothing like what we have today. I don't know how fast it will all happen, maybe it will just be slow and painful like with the music industry, but history suggests that when money dies it is rather quick and violent.
The US government cannot just switch to sustaining itself by collecting only property taxes. Collecting property taxes requires more work and the force to back more threats for less return. The current government would totally collapse. Homeland Security and factions of the like would probably attempt to remain in control of some areas, but it would be the end of the current system.
@_date: 2013-04-30 22:58:12
I give no fucks about what gets put into the blockchain - don't filter anything.
@_date: 2013-03-12 14:48:45
Well, when I looked at a new computer build from bitcoinstore vs newegg just a few days ago, each thing I looked at was $10-$20 cheaper at bitcoinstore. Maybe prices are based on moving averages or something, so the aren't always as good as that?
@_date: 2013-03-30 15:22:53
Trying to respond to a couple people and by my 3rd comment reddit is telling me I am doing that too fast, wait 7min - is that fucking normal?
@_date: 2013-06-07 00:34:20
Ah yes, heaven forbid someone not answer a PayPal opinion survey the way you think it should be answered.
@_date: 2013-07-02 19:08:04
There will be no "switch" from govt fiat to bitcoins - the US government dies if it loses it's ability to print and steal its way forward. There is more than $200 trillion in unfunded liabilities, the current situation has no good ending for the people in DC. The government will continue to become more corrupt and violent as it's financial power continues to quickly erode. It will likely continue to become easier to operate in bitcoin and participate in underground economic activities than to operate "legally" in the eyes of the gov't.
Using bitcoin is inherently anti-government. Money that cannot be stolen, even when the owners are jailed and killed, ultimately ends all organizations that depend on theft to survive.
@_date: 2013-12-05 11:42:28
Bitcoin **IS** apolitical in the truest sense. Because ultimately the political class can't survive without inflation.
@_date: 2013-09-18 07:59:12
Bitcoins are not created via lending. If you don't have a bitcoin then you can't lend one, in the same way that I cannot lend someone a car that I don't have. Car rental services don't create new cars via lending.
@_date: 2013-11-23 00:49:40
No, I majored in economics, I am well versed in MMT and Keynesianism and all the BS you likely believe, I just disagree and for good reason.
@_date: 2013-07-17 04:36:14
Communism/fascism is a complete collapse of society or civilization, which is why the USSR eventually fell. We are currently experiencing a collapse of civilization. We live under a disgusting web of laws that are subjectively and aggressively applied in favor of a few.
When a superpower goes into collapse it historically leads to world wars, death tolls in the millions, mass imprisonment, and economic turmoil. Are you suggesting these things are meaningless? I am not even sure what we are arguing about, it sounds like you agree that we are in a depression and that the US government engages in completely unsustainable behavior... The whole discussion began because you seem to misunderstand the difference in monetary inflation and price inflation. Monetary inflation is used to pay for wars, if it wasn't then the cost of fighting these wars would be more obvious to people like it was during WWII where certain goods were simply unavailable. Now most of our inflation is actually exported.
@_date: 2013-07-02 18:59:36
@_date: 2013-04-02 06:17:23
Yes, they are similar, but the problem is refinement: 
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:51:16
The argument is that people won't buy things if their money will be worth more tomorrow, right?
Why do people sell things for dollars if the dollars are going to be worth less tomorrow? 
The deflation argument is a complete fallacy. There has actually never been a "deflationary spiral" however there have been many inflationary collapses of fiat currencies (the average life span is like 23 years). 
The Great Depression, always touted as proof that market regulation and central banking are necessary, was actually a market correction that occurred because of price distortions created by bad monetary policy committed as a political favor to Britain at the time. 
In the 9 months after the '29 collapse unemployment rose almost to double digits and then recovered to ~6% but because information was lagging Hoover was pressured to act when the 9+% figures were coming in though things were actually already recovering and the data just wasn't available yet. He passed tariffs, disrupted supply chains and increased spending which destroyed the recovery. FDR continued his policies in an even bigger way (all of this is very well documented). Despite what is commonly believed, the policies of Hoover and FDR were extremely similar. The recovery finally came when government spending was reduced drastically in '46. 
If wars and broken windows really fixed economies then we should just build bombs and ships and drop our bombs on our ships and celebrate our new found wealth forever into the future. Or dig holes and fill them back up. The problem is that people tend to forget that money isn't actually wealth, at best, it is a key that can be used to gain access to real wealth.
The interest rate is a price. It is the price of access to unearned wealth. A price that should be based on the supply of savings (the potentially loanable funds) in an economy. The supply of loanable funds should correlate to the supply of unallocated resources available for purchase. When the price of interest is controlled by a central bank it divorces the supply of "loanable funds" from the actual supply of "loanable wealth" or unallocated resources. One might argue that overnight lending markets are partially removed from consumer lending markets (though they'd still have influence no matter how you look at it), but in practice overnight lending markets aren't so far removed from consumer lending (Warren Mosler's explanation of the banking system explains this pretty well, though I completely disagree with the MMT "solutions").
Inflationary central banking is likely mostly a conspiracy of ignorance, however it does rob the average person to the benefit of the politically connected and those in the financial sector in a big way. The purpose of money is to account for value, communicate value, and transfer value - distortions in the ability to account and store value destroy the ability to accurately communicate the real market values of resources and allocate things properly. Inflation is literally the destruction of money as a tool.
Say's law still stands, no matter how convoluted our monetary system becomes, a house will always require saved resources to build. Lumber and nails must be produced and "saved" (gathered) before a house can be built, no matter how many times money can be loaned around or how much can be printed for free. Only real savings (real resources) can be used for real investment (real production).
And government spending can never have any "multiplier" effect, but I have already written a book, so I am sure we will have plenty to talk about.
Edit: words and stuff
@_date: 2013-03-25 15:39:39
If I want to avoid dollars then wouldn't it follow that I would also want to earn bitcoin and encourage others to accept it? Isn't that what is happening?
@_date: 2013-05-15 15:17:50
^ all of this
@_date: 2013-03-20 20:03:47
Exactly, so of everyone simply pays for the things they care about then the market will solve things on its own. Businesses don't force anyone to pay for things (unless they use the government) but in the absence of a government, WalMart employees aren't going to show up at your door with guns and force you to pay for the new building they are putting up.
When an organization is created that is allowed to force people to pay for things, then its success and growth is dependent on forcing more people to pay for more. If it is only acceptable for them to ask for money, then their success is determined by creating things that solve people's problems at a cost which they voluntarily accept. 
The government is just a bad system, and the incentives attract stupid, opportunistic, and unprincipled people. You wouldn't expect a person to work toward eliminating or reducing his own income would you? Naturally, people who benefit from socially accepted theft and control will want more theft and control. It's just a perfect system for creating the worst outcomes possible in the long term, which is why no government lasts for more than a few hundred years and they always kill millions and impoverish millions. End the theft and the incentives correct themselves - bitcoin ends the majority of the theft, which is inflation.
@_date: 2013-11-23 07:01:54
Prices are based on supply. I don't think coke is a particularly important product for developing economies, but I get what you are saying. If there is a very limited ability to produce and distribute a product cheaply, and it happens to be something wealthy people want, then yes, it will likely only be available in wealthy areas. However, if something is extremely cheap to produce and distribute in nearly unlimited quantities it will be available everywhere. And it is not as if people with wealth don't want to help people without it. Africa and other developing areas represent massive markets with lots of cheap labor and lots of problems that need cheap solutions. Lots of problems = lots of economic opportunity. In any case a sound currency will always purchase more as productive capabilities improve, so any small amount of money flowing into poor economies will eventually buy people there the capital goods necessary to fight off poverty. There is a lot of cheap cell phone manufacturing equipment and technology which is largely useless in the developed world now, that is providing great benefit to poorer places.
And I'd be willing to bet that the more productive people in developed areas are able to hold on to their wealth and avoid inflation and taxation, the smaller profit margins will be and the more business models will involve donating real capital goods to places where they are needed. The fact that you are worried about these places shows that things are likely to work out. Figure out how to do something about it.
Edit: prices can definitely be lower in one part of the world than in others, these lower costs of living attract people with money and capital which eventually leads to increases in the standard of living.
@_date: 2013-11-23 05:29:49
But the difference with bitcoin is that the rich are not getting richer at anyone else's expense, so unless you are just an insanely jealous person it doesn't matter.
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:42:45
Actually, developing countries with workers being paid in bitcoin would be much more likely to escape poverty than if they continue to be paid in some devaluing fiat. Bitcoin doesn't do much to change the fact that for some time there may be sweat shop conditions for workers in most economically undeveloped places, but it is likely to significantly change the rate at which things will improve going forward. 
Sound money isn't a magic tool for some sort of equal distribution, but it is a tool for preventing well dressed gangs from getting ahead via disguised forms of theft, and from inflicting perpetual poverty on people. 
@_date: 2013-03-09 20:03:24
Yes, you have to BE attractive, and anyone can behave in a way that attracts the opposite sex without being physically gorgeous. For guys it's actually pretty easy, girls don't care about looks as much as we do, so we are actually pretty lucky there. But even so, guys lose weight and build muscle faster, so it's easier for us to look good (I highly recommend a primal or paleo diet btw - best thing I ever did). But the key is just learning how to NOT be a pussy (don't be a needy little bitch), and to always know what you want, why, and how to communicate it directly and clearly. And learn how to eat a pussy.
tl:dr - to be attractive: don't be a pussy, eat pussy, profit.
@_date: 2013-04-05 03:26:10
Not looking for a fight, I am just tired of people insinuating that saving is bad for bitcoin, or that more people wanting bitcoin is bad, or that the volatility we are seeing is anything like the beanie baby fad. Everything is pretty fucking great IMO! The bitcoin economy and support for the currency are growing nicely. The attention it is getting is good; it's all good. :) 
@_date: 2013-03-25 16:08:05
Yes, your father and my father would both have to collect draws ahead of ordering materials for the next stage of building a house, homes would have to be built from a customer's savings, and spec houses would also require real savings, but it is not a negative thing that many businesses would have to operate differently and people would largely be unable to consume outside of their earning capacity. It never should have been any other way. A logger cannot build his house without first cutting the wood, such is the reality of the world.
We are already seeing farmers collect orders from people for the coming year, they could also collect a portion of their payment up front too. Farmers aren't going to go out of business because the economy isn't overrun with debt anymore.
@_date: 2013-03-19 04:43:24
It's illegal to download music and movies too, this is pretty much equally meaningless.
It's a "potential" danger.
@_date: 2013-11-18 17:35:45
The volume has changed
@_date: 2013-07-15 14:45:32
Consumer price inflation doesn't have to be anything for the original assertion to be true. There just has to be a market sucking up whatever new money is printed - like an investment banking derivatives market, or we have to have a massive trade deficit with some foreign country, or both.
Best I can tell, the whole reason these proxy wars are being fought is to support the value of the dollar by installing new regimes that will continue to accept dollars for oil. Stop the wars, and the dollar dies because the Middle East and Asia will finally be able to free themselves of the inflation the US has been imposing on them via international oil trade. Continue the wars and the dollar dies because the avenues being used to hide the inflation finally crumble from too much inflation. We are in the end game either way.
@_date: 2013-05-23 22:33:14
The government is going after him for no good reason, he is using the only leverage he has to get some big players on his side. What the hell is he supposed to do in his situation?
@_date: 2013-12-22 16:00:19
I never saw an address other than the one with 30k.
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:28:39
I don't think it is really a problem, even if someone could manage to attain the equipment needed to do such a thing, without the network outgrowing their ability to attack it in the process, there is much more incentive to simply help secure the network and make a butt load of money. Otherwise it would be a massive engineering investment to simply destroy something with no return, only to have to play whack-a-mole with every alt coin until one can survive such an attack.
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:50:00
Holy jeebus, if you are going to be all judgy and superior you could at least be fun about it. The last comment was just me fucking with you, relax.
I didn't say the causal relationships weren't in some ways very true. You do understand that money and real wealth are separate things, right? Do you know the average life span of fiat money? It doesn't matter how many guns are used to back trash, it eventually gets recognized for what it is. 
@_date: 2013-10-09 11:42:06
Chicago has strict gun control laws, so only criminals and cops have guns, criminals only have to worry about cops, cops get paid the same whether they stick their necks out or not, response times to conflicts are slow because they'd rather clean up a mess than be the mess.
[Gun crime info](
Anyone who supports "anti gun" legislation isn't really anti gun anyway, they are just pro monopoly control of guns. Unfortunately the cops and government officials aren't always (rarely are) the good guys (despite what they told us all in kindergarten), so giving them the power to use guns to prevent everyone else from having guns is a really bad idea.
@_date: 2013-03-26 17:30:33
Buying bitcoin and agreeing to accept and use bitcoin drive the price of bitcoin up as wealth is essentially being transferred into the bitcoin economy. This transfer of wealth actually lends purchasing power to everyone using bitcoin so by buying and saving bitcoin you are effectively investing in every bitcoin business at once.
@_date: 2013-11-16 00:10:44
Exactly :) 
Edit: it would also naturally encourage them to all be more open about plans and contributions
@_date: 2013-11-26 19:57:25
Good talk.
A few things:
1) Peter kept mentioning that everyone could get scared and try to cash out. This has happened a couple of times already and still things have continued higher because there are people who understand the technology and believe it has value no matter what the market price is right now.
2) Why do people prefer fiat to gold? Because there are far lower costs to making transactions and storing and protecting fiat. Bitcoin takes these advantages that fiat has over gold and improves upon them significantly.
3)What are the limitations or problems with fiat? The main problem that I see is the fact that their supply is easily manipulated and controlled by some central authority. Bitcoin eliminates this problem entirely (aside from small potential threats of a 51% attack, etc.).
@_date: 2013-04-05 02:14:52
So your business is unhealthy when the currency you are trading in becomes more valuable? What is the difference between earning a few thousand dollars of increased purchasing power, and earning bitcoin via sales? Shouldn't you just adjust your business practices so that when bitcoin goes up you are comfortable, and when sales increase you are comfortable? And if you are selling products that the dollar economy already provides efficiently, then like I said, you may not be allocating your resources in the way that the bitcoin economy would best reward. But either way, you should have the added advantage of tax free operation. Any business that cannot survive the bitcoin economy today is either not being managed correctly or is not very necessary in this stage of bitcoin's development. The market isn't wrong, people want what they want.
@_date: 2013-05-18 04:54:52
I am making that claim - based on the fact that they collect millions in ZEV credits every year which is a totally artificial market created by regulation, they have been gifted millions by the Californian gov't (which I assume is actually coming from the the federal government because Cali is bankrupt), and they have received hundreds of millions in "loans" from the DOE at special rates. And charge stations allow tesla cars to charge for free thanks to gov't handouts. It is rather naive IMO to assume any company that politically connected produces anything that is worth a shit.
Aside from all that, the charging times are horrible and the resale will be too because we really have yet to develop battery technology that functions well on that scale. As beautiful as they are and as much as I want to see a nice electric car, I just don't see a serious market for these things. I built race cars professionally and I believe efficient and practical electrics are possible, but I don't believe Tesla has the right formula. I think Aptera was closer, but it seems to me there is a pattern of venture capitalists buying up and dismantling anything that actually has promise, but maybe it's just me.
@_date: 2013-04-05 02:50:29
And I am telling you that the fact that I can buy the computer parts I need today with a few less bitcoin than I needed a week ago is good for me, and for everyone else holding bitcoin. If everyone saved their bitcoin and bought nothing with them, then that would mean everyone wanted them. If everyone wants them then more people would be willing to accept them in trade. If everyone wants bitcoin, even if it is only to hoard them, it is still good for the bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2013-03-25 15:58:48
Ok, you explain it to me then Mr. Econ101 
@_date: 2013-03-30 21:09:02
Thanks, and since I am apparently still a newb, I just tried to post a link to and it didn't show up. Everything else I have ever posted showed up immediately, any ideas? I am not getting any sort of unable to post message, it just isn't there.
@_date: 2013-03-21 14:08:56
They literally have no clue what their competition is.
@_date: 2013-11-26 04:25:09
Awesome explanation, you really got me there... You do understand what you just said isn't even an argument right? I actually focused on macro, and money and banking. And I have read quite a bit of Mosler's writings, but all of that is really beside the point and you know it.
Money isn't wealth, the stuff money buys is wealth. Printing more money is a way to manipulate who has access to wealth, specifically rewarding the politically connected and those in the financial sector at the expense of day laborers and lower income producers.
@_date: 2013-07-17 16:04:51
I said MOST of the thriving parts of the economy are government supported, which is completely true. If you need me to explain that I will.
The government caused the housing bubble that destroyed home values, and that was a result of bad monetary policy, so I think it's more accurate to say that the money manipulation is the enslavement, but the collapse of home values was part of it.
Stock and bonds valued in dollars won't survive a dollar or political collapse. Legally, according to the finreg legislation, the government can seize all 401k plans and IRA's in the event of another stock market crash. The next major crash will likely be the last one. Cyprus was the western world's test to see how seizing bank deposits would go over. They actually froze many people's bank accounts after hurricane Sandy, and last I heard the people from at least one island town were moved into tent cities, and had not been allowed to return to their homes - maybe the government finished raiding all of their homes for guns and valuables and let them go back but idk. There have been tent cities in multiple places around the country, but they don't show them on the news. Idk, maybe they will deal with the coming inflation and shortages by just stealing everyone's money.
There are a LOT of semi conductor companies that are getting massive government subsidies and government contracts, so it is still very likely that the sort of money you are making is distorted by the government.
@_date: 2013-12-12 07:46:02
Bitcoin is a fledgling in a world of dying inflationary monsters, the crazy price instability of bitcoin is not indicative of the general nature of a sound currency.
In any case, predictable price deflation causes people to more carefully consider how they allocate their resources, is that not what we want? Why would we want people to buy shit they don't need? And unpredictable up swings in the value of bitcoin seem to lead to spending sprees while everything is "on sale."