@_author: belizeshouldbecloser
@_date: 2018-01-02 17:41:48
On tails, its electrum 2.7.9. .
On windows, ill have to check - will edit it in here later. But its roughly the same age i think. 
I tried to update electrum and ran into issues on both tails and on windows. 
I tried the way it is described on the electrum page. Started tails with an admin password set, opened up a root terminal, and then first the dependencies
sudo apt-get install python3-setuptools python3-pyqt5 python3-pip
But that doesn't work. I get the following error (this is translated from german so may not match 100% the english one):
"Package python3-setuptools is not available, but is referenced by another package. This could mean the package is missing, or that it has been replaced or that it is only available from a different source."
The install-electrum command then fails with:
sudo: pip3 command not found
I also updated electrum on windows (portable version, just like my current one), but with that i get an error when i try to start it. Can't check right now what exactly it said, but , will edit it in here later...
Guess as next step i should maybe try to update electrum on Tails from Python sources....
@_date: 2018-01-02 17:49:37
Don't post tips when you have not realy been reading what the problem is.
I wrote in the first paragraph that the last transaction DID confirm. Besides that, histories shouldn't go missing when a transaction is not yet confirmed anyways, so....
@_date: 2018-01-02 18:42:01
I am using the portable version. But anyways, maybe you have been reading a bit too fast - the problem is 'multifold', and the network/connection issue behaves different on Tails than on windows.
On Tails, it looks like im connected just fine. BUT, despite dear server and my tails are connected, the server just refuses to DO what i'm telling him to. When i try to send money, he just ignores me, then after some time it timeouts and i get "ERROR:No response from server"... 
Also, when i now try to create a wallet from my existing seed, it first looks like it works - meaning, that 'spinning' graphic shows up bottom right and it sais 'syncronizing', however, nothing happens, no history ever shows up, next morning it still sais 'syncronizing',blank history area, spinning wheel...
@_date: 2018-01-03 12:11:52
[edit: removed old long post since i found out what the problem was...]
Yai, am now using electrum 3.0.3. from python sources and... my transactions are back! 
Thanks again everyone 
@_date: 2018-01-02 18:11:24
I've tried to manually set the server, tried quite a few, not all of them but enough that i thought its not the problem.
However, i think you might be on to someting in your last paragraph. Except im not sure what you mean with a 'rescan option'. But that my ISP is messing wittj the traffic - quite possible i think, given how much they suck in general....
Thanks everyone for the tips and comments, btw!