@_author: belkoi
@_date: 2017-02-04 15:45:37
Splitting doesn't generally make sense. But that doesn't mean it's always undesirable. There are certainly costs associated with a split (some loss of network effect, possible ecosystem confusion). But there are also benefits (more people get to satisfy their preferences with respect to protocol, ability to experiment with multiple directions to determine best one). So if an (economically-significant, persistent / semi-persistent) split occurs, I view that as strong evidence that the benefits of a split outweigh the costs. Long-term, I think one chain will likely dominate over the other (if not kill it off entirely), but a split seems like a pretty healthy mechanism for the market to express itself and experiment to determine the best direction.
You can think of Bitcoin as a herd of animals where all individuals in the group are free to go in any direction they want -- but where the overwhelming importance of the network effect usually means that it makes sense to stay with the herd (even if they're not traveling in your preferred direction). But there may be situations where you're convinced that the economic majority is not merely heading in a direction that's suboptimal -- but is actually heading over a proverbial cliff. In those cases, you should obviously not follow the majority -- whether that means not following a majority "hard fork" or participating in a minority fork if it's the current direction that leads toward doom. Obviously the benefits of being part of a larger group are not worth "dying" over. And that's exactly why chain splits are so healthy (in certain circumstances). If there are at least some members of "the herd" who don't follow the majority over a cliff, Bitcoin as a species survives. And not only does it survive, it enjoys this evolutionary, survival-of-the-fittest benefit where the people who prove themselves best at identifying the successful path gain increased influence over future decisions regarding direction (i.e., by selling off their stake in the doomed chain for a larger stake in the successful chain). The herd loses some members and is thus temporarily more vulnerable, but from a longer-term perspective, it has grown stronger as a result of natural selection. That's the anti-fragile nature of Bitcoin: things that cause short-term harm produce long-term strength. Also, it should be noted that if you're not sure which chain is going to survive, you can simply sit tight and preserve an equal balance on both chains until the situation is resolved.
    If the network is split and there are different rules, an attack on any chain to kill it is morally wrong. Live and let live.
If we could trust people to act "morally" when it came to managing a money, we could stick with fiat. But the good news is that I don't think it generally makes sense to spend resources attacking a minority chain that wants to go their own way. The network effect is a beast when it comes to money. If you're convinced one group is making a mistake (which will almost always be the minority chain), simply sell off your stake in that chain for a larger stake in the chain you predict will be more successful.
    We want consensus so there does not have to be a split in first place.
A split is always ultimately caused by the willingness of some individuals to either begin enforcing, or continue enforcing, a "validity" rule even when doing so means following a minority hash power chain. If you want to want to prevent a split, it's probably more realistic to encourage people to follow the decision of the majority -- as opposed to trying to convince the majority to grant veto rights to a minority. But again, I don't think worrying about "splits" is really necessary. The powerful built-in incentives take care of things.
@_date: 2017-02-04 15:46:44
I graduated college at 23 with tens of thousands of dollars of student loan debt and by 27 had about the same net worth (which I've also tracked annually by asset like this guy). You don't need a trust fund to be worth $100,000 several years after college like he was in his before image. He's also including his home equity and he got $88,000 just from that.
By showing you his year-over-year gains you understand how it's working and it can be motivating. Don't be so insecure.
@_date: 2017-02-04 15:44:29
damn... could have made at least 800 if you had held on to them! insane, honestly never would have thought BTC would take off like this, wish i bought some when it was low.
@_date: 2017-02-04 15:45:18
If it is true, we have nothing to worry about anyway. That's because the Bitcoin economic majority supports Bitcoin Core.
Nothing rallies a group of people more strongly than an attack. If the miners do this, they run the risk of the economic majority quickly switching to a new PoW algorithm, rendering the miner's hardware investments worthless.
So I encourage these simpletons to go ahead and waste their $100M. The entertainment value it will generate will be priceless.
@_date: 2017-02-04 15:44:49
miners seems so stupids the they have decide to play with the fire
miners are so stupid that they have decide to bring a catastrophic situation to bitcoin
miners are so stupid that attack developers that work for bitcoin all the past years
I am curious where they hide all of them when a bitcoin price disaster happen from their actions. Because from sure many ppl will look for them after that.
and i think is time to prepare a plan b to get rid off them.
Bitcoin not need them to continue to exist.
they are clear a threat against bitcoin and from now we all must see them like this.
@_date: 2017-02-04 15:47:05
I'm not sure if this is sarcastic or not, but some of the development with Ethereum is excellent in its own way. It is simply more susceptible to attack or fault due to its broader application and scripting surface. Bitcoin is, in many ways, secure specifically because it doesn't do a huge number of things, but rather does a few things very well.
Despite some bugs and obvious setbacks, Ethereum is still a serious cryptocurrency with a real value proposition. Even if you only focus on its faults, it has at least been bold enough to lead the way in taking significant risks and playing the trial and error game of an entirely new industry and technology. Ethereum has allowed Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to learn from the inevitable mistakes that come with breaking new ground.
@_date: 2017-02-04 15:45:27
The open source project which is Bitcoin (and often misleadingly labelled "Core" as if it were a private company) already has compromised/negotiated by giving the community an ~ 2MB block size limit - enabled within segwit. That can be activated at any time the miners choose to.
There is no let up though, in the attacks and lying against them. The other side of the debate is a set of people who want to take control of Bitcoin politically - "fire Core" as they put it. What they are trying to replace it with is an entirely political system, where miners dynamically vote on protocol rules in real time, and block sizes have no absolute limit. This is such a radical departure from Satoshi's design that it barely deserves the name Bitcoin, is bound to lead to even more extreme centralization and politicization, and most important, is almost certainly not safe.
So yes it's extremely toxic on their side, and extremely dangerous. On our side we're trying to defend Bitcoin from their attack, I don't think that can be described as toxic.
@_date: 2017-01-03 13:23:51
've been using bitcoin for remittance purposes to Mexico for quite a while. While this service looks super easy to use, but it's not very cost-effective compared to bitso.com (The biggest exchange in Mexico).
At current prices, 1 BTC = 1019.24 USD (coinbase). Then I sell it on bitso for $22,290.00 * 0.99 and a free withdrawal to any SPEI account.
So in total, for 1 bitcoin if I use bitso my recipient will get: $22,067.1 while bridge21 will get $20,708.98. That's quite a big price difference to pay for convenience. 