@_author: bellevueminer
@_date: 2014-02-27 23:40:53
Now Accepting Bitcoin - The First Laser Eye Center in California to Accept Bitcoin for Payment - Contact Us Today!
Nvision Laser Eye Center, Sacramento, formerly Meister Eye &amp; Laser Center, and Dr. Richard B. Meister (M.D.) are proud to announce the acceptance of Bitcoin as a crytocurrency for services such as LASIK, Refractive Cataract Surgery, Cosmetic Eyelid Surgery, Botox and other transactions. Dr Meister has long been the leader in LASIK surgery in Sacramento as NVISION Laser Eye Centers has been in California. LASIK surgery corrects one’s Nearsightedness, Farsightedness and/or Astigmatism to eliminate or decrease ones need for glasses. NVISION Laser Eye Centers prides itself in being differentiated as a first mover in offering the most advanced high technology for vision care and surgery. NVISION Laser Eye Centers is the only Laser Center offering the Wavelight EX 500 and the Ziemer Laser for Lasik as well as the ORA Wavefront Interferometry for refractive Cataract Surgery among other advances such as the LenSx LASER for Femto assisted cataract surgery. Dr. Richard B. Meister has been a leading pioneer in refractive surgery in Sacramento since introducing the Russian technique of Radial Keratotomy to Sacramento at that time.  Center.
NVISION Laser Eye Center, Sacramento will be the first LASER center in California to begin accepting Bitcoin for payments and will do so as of March 1, 2014 . The Sacramento Kings previously announced they would be the first professional sports team to accept Bitcoin and will also begin accepting Bitcoin as of March 1, 2014.
NVISION Laser Eye Center, Sacramento will be one of over 30 local businesses to accept Bitcoin in the Sacramento area. Bitcoin is about 5 years old and is a peer to peer cryptocurrency with millions of users and a market value in the billions. Bitcoin has taken off over the last couple of years as a legitimate currency and as an efficient means of conducting transactions.
NVISION Laser Eye Center, Sacramento has partnered with Coinbase in order to accept Bitcoin.
Please visit us at:  and find us, along with other Bitcoin businesses, at 
Contact: Richard B Meister M.D. or Lisa Pulido, Executive Director, at (916) 723-7400