@_author: belongwithme
@_date: 2013-11-29 05:41:31
That's called self-control and common sense, which is sorely lacking in this day and age. Not deflation. You can't teach personal responsibility and a sense of care for sustainability through deflationary economics. That's mostly cultural and familial. But I agree, our culture of buy buy buy, throw away, buy is not helping things. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:34:37
I know, I'm sorry I meant "you" in the 3rd person not you in particular! I appreciate the support and thanks for watching. My questions for everyone else still stands tho, why to "they" care, why defend Bitcoin so vehemently? Lol it makes zero sense. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 23:48:40
Why? Is it because they've invested in Bitcoin and are trying to get rich as the price soars? Honestly what is the purpose of blind favoritism of something that people shouldn't have a personal attachment to? 
Also what is the purpose of a currency if it's not being used as such? Can anyone here legitimately refute this - who has made a purchase with bitcoin lately? 
Bitcoin is not your relative so why would you give a shit if someone criticizes it or brings up it's flaws? Take them with a grain of salt or propose solutions so that Bitcoin is transformed from a meaningless online get rich quick scheme to a respectable global currency (which at the moment, is NOT). 
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:36:57
Of those sampled, most likely. My guess is the actual figure is quite higher. Besides, even then most of those are basic call/txt phones, not smartphones. 
Edit: Found the source I think you're looking at and those are subscriptions. We should keep in mind that 1 person can have more than one cell phone (personal, work, etc.) so the actual per capita phone ownership is significantly lower than 91.5%. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:27:08
here's good deflation and bad but this deflation is actually super bad, as any economist will tell you. If people expect prices to fall, they sit on what they have and don't spend. Also think about what deflation does to lendors and borrowers? Falling prices hurt debtors and considering the majority of the US is in debt (not even considering national debt) I'm not seeing the bright side. 
[Paul Krugman on Deflation](
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:06:52
No worries I have thick skin.
To be fair tho, the title of the video kind of gives away the topic. It's not meant to be a fair and balanced overview, just an overview of..."Bitcoins Potentially Fatal Flaws." 
That aside, there's really not much to be informed about. You shouldn't be required to have a Ph.D. to know about or use Bitcoin. How informed are you about the US Dollar or Euro? Do you know all of your nation's currency inflationary practices? Exchange rates? History? I'm guessing not. You do know it's inherent worth and how to buy shit with it tho, which is all you should need. 
So why do people bring up the "you're uninformed" argument when it comes to Bitcoin? I shouldn't have to be informed guys, piss off with that argument already. That's part of what I'm trying to get across to people with these discussions. Being informed is not a pre-requisite to using or having an opinion about a currency system. I, however, do my research and am informed about Bitcoin. And my criticism stems from what I do know, not what I don't know. 
What I do know is that Bitcoin is seen as a joke in a lot of circles, a pyramid scheme in others, and a get-rich tactic in many; as a currency in none. 
Thanks for your feedback tho, and thanks for watching!
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:00:09
I suppose everything about you is perfect? Your body is Adonis incarnate, your voice is melodic like Apollo's? Fuck off about the irrelevant superficial bullshit and grow up. 
 
Back on topic; every time somebody voices a concern or criticism of Bitcoin, people like you bring up the "uninformed" argument. Dude, STFU. I know what Bitcoin is, how it's used, it's purpose, etc. Refute the criticism or find solutions to it to make Bitcoin better, or GTFO. 
Honestly, what do you stand to gain from defending something that does not and never will give a shit about you? Did Bitcoin give birth to you? 
Do people use Bitcoin as a currency? No. Do they use it as an investment in the hopes of getting rich? Yes. So is it used as a currency should be? No. You honestly don't see a problem with that? 
@_date: 2013-11-29 05:39:48
Not a problem, and thanks. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 05:46:44
People are in debt for a variety of reasons, not all of which can be as neatly summed up as "people really like buying stuff." People get injured, insurance doesn't pay out, their children get sick. People go to school (education costs are exorbitant). Natural disasters happen. People need a car to get to and from work but have no money to buy one. And yes, many lack personal responsibility and self-control or the education to budget their money appropriately. But things are not as simple as you make them out to be. 
The only self-reinforcing mechanism I'm seeing right now is "buy and hold." I wouldn't mind changing over some of my USD to BTC to USE IT to buy stuff. But I know if I do that I'll just hold on to it until the value appreciates (hopefully) then sell it to make a good ROI. That's self-reinforcing too but not in a good way. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 23:37:10
Thanks for watching the video but...excuse me, I don't mean to be crass, but fuck you dude. I was born in Bulgaria and have worked VERY hard to eradicate my accent so I can speak like a native American. English was the 3rd language I learned, I'm sorry I still have a bit of an accent...not. Seriously, you're the true modern definition of a fa*got. I don't need to waste time explaining to you how much conscious effort it takes to control my accent. Regardless, I'm willing to bet I speak and write English better than a lot of natives. 
As for the issues surrounding Bitcoin, what does it matter that they're being discussed elsewhere and how is my approach "non-serious?" I'm discussing it with my audience and trying to facilitate a discussion with them. I'm trying to bring these issues to light so that solutions can be proposed by the community. 
Want to hate on repetition? Go hate on CoD Let's Plays.
Edit: Seriously why the hate, what the fuck is your problem? Is it a way for you to feel superior or something? 
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:32:13
I do and I can refute your attack easily. 
Yes, you can divide Bitcoins as needed but then tell me, what's the point of capping it at 21 million or capping it at all? You can take 1 bitcoin and divide it into as many parts as you need so what is the point of mining and discovering new bitcoins if you can take your existing supply and divide ad infinitem? 
Anyone will tell you that losing Bitcoins is not a good thing for the currency. It takes time, electricity, and expensive hardware to mine the things (nowadays) and the supply IS limited to a hard 21 million units. Regardless of divisibility, you're now dividing 20.99925 rather than 21.0000 and with enough losses it can have an impact. It also deals with the issue of usability - perhaps you're comfortable using a currency that goes into the .0000012429 decimal but most are not and it's just as silly as Zimbabwe's hyperinflated 1,000,0000,000,000 for a piece of bread. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:21:11
Thanks for the feedback mate, I've got a few questions. 
I understand you can divide Bitcoin as much as you need but what is the purpose of mining bitcoins if you can take one bitcoin and divide it up into as many slices as you need? The guy who lost 7,500 bitcoins lost them forever and that's 21 million minus 7,500. I see an absolute loss there. 
About buying more Bitcoin - that shouldn't be necessary. I don't buy more dollars with the few dollars I already don't have (lol) to ensure I don't lose out on inflation or price volatility. That's not a good sign to me as a consumer. If I have fixed funds, as most families living paycheck to paycheck do, then I don't have money to buy money if that makes sense. And if I expect my limited money to be worth twice as much tomorrow as they are today, why would I spend them on anything today? 
The problem with Coinbase, as user friendly as it may be, is that it still requires a smart phone to download the app (not everyone has food, let alone smartphones). That and what's my guarantee that if they default or get DDoS'd to death tomorrow I'll recuperate my money? With an FDIC insured bank I have some piece of mind, unless I'm rich and have more than $100K. 
Either way, thanks for your feedback and thanks for watching! Looking forward to reading your responses!
@_date: 2013-11-28 22:50:52
**Edit: Can you guys at least judge the video on it's own merits and listen to the points before you downvote it to oblivion? Facilitate discussion, not hate and blind fanboyism.**
I like bitcoin but I think the winning digital currency will be called "credits" lol. 
On a serious note, bitcoin has a long way to go before it's taken seriously by all. Let's remember that billions of people (literally) don't own computers. Many don't know how to use them. Bitcoins are heavy tech side. That's just one obstacle we have to overcome. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:52:40
Well to be fair you were rude as fuck and you should feel bad! 
I was aware of this already but it still doesn't change the fact that 1 bitcoin last year = $12; 1 bitcoin today = $1,150. It doesn't change the fact that people are buying into Bitcoin not because they plan to use it instead of the dollar from now on, but to SELL it for dollars when it gains in value in the future. That criticism has not been refuted (and I don't see how it can be). 
