@_author: beltorak
@_date: 2014-09-09 07:08:10
I've always wondered about that. What's going to happen with those original coins? And I doubt anyone will be able to convert that much bitcoin to fiat and be measured a trillionaire; that would severely depress the price, right? At least until trillionaires become a little more common.
@_date: 2014-12-05 18:22:09
Now I'm not a security researcher (I just watch a lot of youtube videos :) ), so I could be wrong about this, take with salt, yada yada.
I think the first weakening of the definition came from the white hat security researchers. Look at the talks about Stuxnet, the researchers have stated that it used 4 0days, and they remarked that expending 0days is expensive because it gives the good guys a chance to look at the flaw and start writing a patch for it. [Here's a paper that uses this definition]( [PDF]:


vulnerability, in deployed software, that has been
discovered by at least one person but has not yet been
publicly announced or patched. 
I can understand this, because "0day" came from the black hats, and there wasn't a good word to describe the state of affairs where the white hats became aware of the vulnerability but had not had time yet to distribute a patch.
But if you look at news sites, you will occasionally see something like "exploited an 0day" and "a patch has existed for this, but the user didn't apply it". Consider that only security researchers are likely to know when an 0day is first distributed, anytime you see "0day" in a news headline, it's no longer an 0day because there's probably a patch for it. So when people commonly talk about 0days, it's because they heard about a patch for it.
I blame our insufficiently nuanced language; I'd like different words for "day zero of a flaw being discovered", "day zero of a flaw being discovered by people trying to fix it", "day zero of a patch being available", and some efficient means of conveying that at one time a flaw used to be in the previous categories; like how we say "then President Clinton" to acknowledge the fact that he's no longer president.
@_date: 2014-01-15 03:02:56
are you asking how a double-spend would be effected (in a technical sense) or are you asking how a successful attack would affect the market?
@_date: 2014-09-10 03:40:18


Money is the currency of a lot of things; coercion is one of them. Sure, those with power over the masses will find ways to exercise that power and gain more power using whatever tools are available. The mere existence of bitcoin is not going to stop that. If they acquire wealth in the form of bitcoin, they can use that wealth to exercise control, just like they do now with other forms of wealth. I'm not arguing that the existence of bitcoin is going to topple the NSA or the IMF. I'm not arguing that bitcoin is going to replace fiat currency; indeed governments may soon start issuing their own bitcoin-like currencies; it will still be fiat (by definition). But likewise, the existence of fiat-coin will not destroy bitcoin.


So they are going to mandate that any exchange of value between two people be mediated with biometrically tagged electronic currency? That would require that people not have any other option. So are they going to create this NSAIMFcoin, then break bitcoin for everyone everywhere? *How*? Even if the NSAIMF created bitcoin, how can they break it for everyone everywhere? Because as long as two people want to transact business without anyone else able to veto that transaction, those two people will find a way. And bitcoin will allow that. So will the age-old tradition of bartering. ("I'll give you beer if you help me move. I'll lend you my summer home if you get this law passed.")
Thanks for taking the time to explain your viewpoint to me, but I am done with this conversation unless you can answer my original question: how would the fact that "the NSA/IMF/whatever created bitcoin" make bitcoin useless for its ostensible goals of enabling financial transactions between any two parties with relative anonymity outside anyone else's control? Specifically, what are the mechanisms they could use, being its creators, to make it an unusable medium of exchange?
@_date: 2014-05-23 23:11:31


No, we say "grand".
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:12:20
[yeah, luckily our nuclear launch codes use a more fool proof system](
*ok I know that was the past, but for 20 years??!?!*
@_date: 2014-09-09 22:47:28


Oh yeah, almost forgot; sign me the fuck up. I would love to be in a room full of the most brilliant savant minds in the world just so I can bask in their brilliance and drool on myself like the babbling idiot I am :D
@_date: 2014-04-26 02:51:02
I kinda like that - why not "Toshi" as 100 satoshi?
@_date: 2014-04-14 02:24:12


They want to prevent people they don't like from engaging in trade - from continuing to do things they don't like. The fact that "people we don't like" includes (for the US) terrorists, child molesters, copyright infringers, and whistle blowers, is an irrelevant detail. In Turkey, "people we don't like" includes "people that say mean things about the government", and in Russia, "people we don't like" includes homosexuals. Whatever technological control "government" invents that works against terrorists will also work against homosexuals.


Probably until the old crop of assholes dies out and a new crop replaces them. That's usually how radically new ideas gets into the halls of power.


An honest government - one that is honestly working towards a better future for all mankind, not just its own citizens or those at the top of its social/class/economic hierarchies? sure. now find me one.
@_date: 2014-09-09 23:03:45
but this is already possible (and practiced) without bitcoin. what extra risks could i be taking on because bitcoin exists, that i could be spared from if bitcoin did not exist?
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:24:04
yes but that was arguably for national security reasons - they wanted access to the account of a known leaker (and possibly all the rest of them just because). The DPR/silk road case is more or less public knowledge.
Now if "they" think that terrorists/pedophiles/copyright infringers were laundering money through mt gox.... but then why would they let it be shut down? that would only force the "people of interest" to move their business elsewhere and they would have to start all over with tracking them down.
@_date: 2014-07-18 02:19:01
Does this mean NY residents may not mine bitcoin without a license?








































@_date: 2014-03-01 02:34:55
no, you are seeing a cry for the bitcoin community to verify what happened, not a central authority. let's start with the title of this post since you seems to have skipped that part:


it is a call for the bitcoin community to prove that it can uncover bad actors. no where in the title nor in the post does it call for a central authority to pass judgement or meet out punishment.
@_date: 2014-01-07 04:18:18
^(have an ***e***ffect...)
@_date: 2014-07-27 06:17:22
*[^The ^Ring ^of ^Zero](
@_date: 2014-09-10 04:14:41
You might be thinking of DES and differential [cryptanalysis](
@_date: 2014-12-05 07:35:00
For the same reason that 0day now means a security bug which may or may not have a fix available but that fix doesn't exist on this system, instead of the original "day zero of a vulnerability being discovered" (by anyone unknown to the original discoverer - 0days were typically packaged into exploits and posted on the net, and that's when the clock began ticking to find a fix or plug, so to speak).
For the same reason "virus" means any malware that the user doesn't like that has taken residence on the computer by unknown means, instead of the original "computer program that spreads from computer to computer by infecting files". (most automatically spreading malware nowadays are actually worms iirc, which adds "through the network" as a means of infection; viruses spread via disk.)
For the same reason "irony" means an interesting coincidence instead of the original (too lengthy and nuanced to give a concise definition here).
People are generally bad at accurately naming things that are beyond their common experience.
@_date: 2014-04-26 02:54:33
I am totally with you on the need for breaking it down, but I'd rather it be called just about anything except "bit".
@_date: 2014-01-07 04:25:11
from what I understand, the self-adjusting difficulty does not have anything to do with this. the difficulty adjusts for everyone equally; so someone with more mining power than any other entity would not have their chances of mining the block before anyone else decrease as a result of the difficulty increase. IOW, if it gets twice as hard to mine a block, it gets twice as hard for both the big boy and the underdog - the big boy still has a better chance of mining the block.
@_date: 2014-09-10 05:15:48
I first heard that in (I believe) Applied Cryptography, so you might check there to see if Schneier's telling is more like what you remember.
@_date: 2014-09-09 22:49:07
right, i understand that goal, and that goal is antithetical to my goals. now give me a proof that it would be *possible*. if it is possible, i will rethink my stance.
@_date: 2014-09-10 04:39:50
The first half of that is motive. The second half is an alternative to bitcoin. You still haven't answered how they will make bitcoin unusable, or why we should stop working on it.
I understand you're on a phone; i'm patient. i'll wait.
@_date: 2014-04-14 02:40:57
Just to make sure I got this straight:
I can take out a loan from them in bitcoin, let's say 1200 BTC at 10% simple interest due by next year with monthly payments (to keep the math easy). I immediately sell those bitcoins for fiat. Every month I trade some fiat to buy 110 BTC to make my payment. If I am right and the price of bitcoins drops to zero (or at least is significantly lower) by the year's end, then I profit.
Just curious, what would my reason for the loan be in that drop down? "Business"?
@_date: 2014-09-10 04:09:54
I would feel awful that my son was murdered, and horrified and enraged that law enforcement fucked up the prosecution.
How would you feel if your son were put into prison for life based on circumstantial evidence obtained illegally? But what am I talking about. It's not like our government [has put the wrong people in prison before]( Let's just go ahead and let them do whatever it takes to make our streets safe, right?
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:15:43
"jews are over represented among smart people"?
Citation Please?
@_date: 2014-02-06 04:45:58
actually they were forcing you to buy windows - through the OEMs. it was brought up in the court cases that they pressured the OEMs to install windows and not install any other OS or browser even at the customer's request or they would lose their license to sell windows. they also tried to block the OEMs from selling any computers without any OS installed. and so every computer bought/sold had a built-in cost for the windows license.
the situation today is much different - apple controls only half the smart phone market, microsoft in the late 90s (and probably today) controlled over 95% of the desktop market.
@_date: 2014-09-09 07:05:24


Not unless someone else proves a serious fundamental flaw in the core could allow an entity control over the network. Just like it doesn't really shake my confidence in SELinux, or that little known project started^(*) by the US Department of Defense - DARPANET. For the simple fact that this beast we call Bitcoin is so far turning out to be beyond any *one*'s control.
Can you give me some reason why my opinion should change if it turned out that the NSA started Bitcoin?
    * my history might be a little off
@_date: 2014-12-22 06:15:36
Put simply, the problem you have as a "key owner" is different than the problem a "hacker" has. As a key owner, you don't have to count up to a number that high, you can just "pick" the number. But as a hacker, in order to rule out the possibility that your victim picked a lower number, you have to "pick" all the numbers.
Let's reframe it in terms of a classic game. I'm thinking of a number between 1 and 100. All I had to do was think of the number. In order to be sure you would guess my number, you would have to start with "is it 1? is it 2? is it 3? ...".
@_date: 2014-09-09 22:45:12
ok; the snowden revelations were shocking for various reasons - not that we didn't suspect it was going on, but just how far the until-then wild speculation turned out to be true and in a lot of cases surpassed. but that is off the beaten path, so i'll just leave that there.
Dual_EC_DRBG was proven to be able to harbor a backdoor - Schneier wrote on his blog about two researchers who proved that the algorithm could have a backdoor in theory if the constants had certain properties, and that without knowing what those specific constants had been based on, speculated that it was possible for it to be backdoored in actuality without anyone else being able to prove it. That corollary is important, so I'll repeat: it is impossible to prove the backdoor exists in fact without that knowledge.
But that's exactly what I am asking for. Let's put on our tinfoil hats and remove "what could they reasonably do" from the discussion. What would be possible? Is there some flaw in the protocol that a malicious actor could take advantage of, and what could they do? Could they, for example, force a 51% (or hell, 90%) hashing power majority?
I don't think so (taking my tinfoil hat off now). The problems with bitcoin that we know about (the pseudo-anonymity and majority hashing power) are being mitigated. This puts it in a class very different from Dual_EC_DRBG, in which the only sensible mitigation strategy was "do not use". Same with SE Linux. Because the foundation (of Bitcoin and SE Linux both) were given in such a way as to make it implementable by anyone, I believe there are enough good / selfish actors in the system to outweigh the bad actors; at least until the banking cartel owns 18 million bitcoins ;) But even then, once the banking cartel "sends" a coin to someone, it's control diminishes; they have no way to "recall" that coin. But they could (reasonably even) control a majority of the hashing power. I believe however that we may be able to solve that problem, relegating even NSA-controlled-Bank Cartels to mostly a non-issue.
I think the most damaging thing to happen right now would be a massive selloff of a million bitcoins, but I don't think that would work for practicality. Any selfish actor would avoid crashing the market like that. A malicious actor would do it, but that's a one-time weapon. Again, once those coins are gone, they are out of the control of the malicious actor. The system itself would recover. Perhaps Satoshi is waiting for 1 million coins to be a less than significant fraction of the available total, so they can be sold off as needed without even this short term disruption. (A note to those implementing a future system like this - get the "conditional release" part of the protocol implemented, so those coins can be distributed automatically ;) )
@_date: 2014-09-09 22:51:41
I am interested in this line of thought. What control could they achieve over me if I own 250 micro-bitcoins and they own a million Bitcoin? How could they control me more than they do right now using non-bitcoin-based means?
@_date: 2014-09-09 23:36:35
ok; i am seeing your point.
If it's under no single authority's control, then isn't it by definition also not under the IMF's control?
And if they want a one world, digital, deflationary currency, then why are all the existing world currencies inflationary? Shouldn't they have the ability to instill deflationary currencies, sort of take over by slicing the salami? Why did they need to wait for bitcoin to come along before trying out the deflationary thing?
As for completely trackable, I take it you don't have any faith in any of the existing means of anonymization or efforts to build anonymization into the system?
And what would they use this control to do? What would they control?


Let me rearrange that a bit and see if I still follow: "Bitcoin is a better system for them to exercise control". Control over what?
And I disagree with that assertion; bitcoin is a better way for us to take control of our destiny back from them, for the exact reason you stated: it is under no single authority's control.
@_date: 2014-04-26 03:06:44
I am totally with you.
How about 1 Toshi -&gt; 100 satoshi? Maybe (if we take a Toshi as analogous to a cent) we also need a unit for 100 Toshi. Let's just go with "Tuck" to rhyme with "buck". By the time we are talking thousands or more Tucks it's probably better to switch over to bitcoin (proper) and the SI prefixes.
@_date: 2014-02-06 05:52:13
i don't pay attention so i was being generous. damn. i didn't know i was being *that* generous.
@_date: 2014-04-25 21:19:20
That's what I am asking - I don't see a "short sale" option in their drop down for the reason for the loan:
    &lt;select class="select optional pull-left" id="lead_purpose" name="lead[purpose]"&gt;
        &lt;option value=""&gt;Select the purpose of your loan&lt;/option&gt;
        &lt;option value="Debt consolidation"&gt;Debt consolidation&lt;/option&gt;
        &lt;option value="Home improvement"&gt;Home improvement&lt;/option&gt;
        &lt;option value="Business"&gt;Business&lt;/option&gt;
        &lt;option value="Auto"&gt;Auto&lt;/option&gt;
        &lt;option value="Motorcycle"&gt;Motorcycle&lt;/option&gt;
        &lt;option value="Medical/Dental"&gt;Medical/Dental&lt;/option&gt;
        &lt;option value="Vacation"&gt;Vacation&lt;/option&gt;
        &lt;option value="Taxes"&gt;Taxes&lt;/option&gt;
        &lt;option value="Mining"&gt;Mining&lt;/option&gt;
    &lt;/select&gt;
I also don't see "speculation" or "investment", which arguably short sales would fall under.
@_date: 2012-03-01 06:22:46
I recommend a password database, like KeePass. And an online backup or storage solution, like SpiderOak, or a copy on a physical medium (CD-ROM) stored in a lock box.
@_date: 2012-06-25 04:18:30
Does that mean that they cannot accept donations in gold?
@_date: 2012-03-02 04:23:04
here here. I am just tryiing out spider oak though, we shalll see how it goes. I am anxiously awaiting thier "improved" android client. One of the key features is that the entire storage container is encrypted with your password, so no matter what you save to it it always appears as a single encrypted blob to them. So you have to use a special client that decrypts it on your machine, not in the cloud. The mobile apps and the web access however decrypt it on their servers to allow for browsing, so you have to trust them when they say that they do not keep any decrypted data on their servers, only in memory what is necessary to send you your files.
@_date: 2012-06-07 01:47:50
I didn't find my password hash or truncated hash in the list... but, well, crap; i created an account back in the day before i stopped reusing passwords. now i'm spending my night going through my password database for other services using that old password... well, i needed to do it anyway, and at least none of the services i really care about use that password.
at least i was able to change it, so who knows if i was compromised... i didn't see a "last logged in at", but then i never use linkedin...
@_date: 2012-08-25 20:00:10
most of that article disagrees with the attribution of that quote.
@_date: 2012-04-16 03:44:18
yes it is, and you should be paying taxes on it as you earn it. minor sources (up to 1000 a year) are negligible if i remember the 1040 form right.
typically while employed your employer withholds a portion of your income and sends that to the government. the w2 you fill out upon gaining employment determines how much. this really is just a simple way of estimating how much of your income should go to the government. then at year's end you get a w4 which states exactly how much you earned, and how much was already taken out. you fill out the 1040 (et al) to square with the government how much *should* have been taken out. and then there''s a transfer of money to make up the difference. apart from some recent oddities which i don't know off hand, the government is not *giving* you anything - you are getting back what you already gave them, or paying the rest of what you actually owe, depending.
so if you earned 2500 in some other venture and did not give the government any bit of that when you earned it... then at the end of the year you still owe the government its share. now the government is only going to take from you a portion of what you earn that is *over* a certain threshold (near 17000? it's been a while since i filled out my own tax forms), so if 2500 was your entire income for the year then you would not owe taxes. if you had already paid taxes on it as you earned it, then you would be entitled to get that money back. but in neither case does the government *give* you money.
this completely glosses over the differences in different forms of income and a bunch of other stuff, but that's the gist.
@_date: 2015-03-30 00:35:29
have you seen that website? Have you seen the video "why johnny can't encrypt"? have you seen the presentation "gpg is damn near unusable"? usability matters for mainstream adoption.
@_date: 2013-04-29 03:07:49
how about X01 then?
@_date: 2013-11-06 18:46:53
Still not sure what you mean by "it". Diceware provides a list of roughly 7700 short words in a text file you can look over, each one prefaced by 5 digits, 1-6. Both are in asciibetic order so you can scan it for duplicates and omissions. Memorize the checksum, or replace the GPG signature to provide your own shortcut proof of validity.
They don't provide any code (scripted or compiled) - they leave you to acquire (as they recommend)  casino grade dice so you can pick your words. The math is [outlined in the FAQ]( which you can double check. So I'm still at a loss as to what could be "backdoored".
Now, my [convenience script]( *[-&gt; opt -&gt; lib -&gt; diceware]* you could argue is compromised, but there is nothing to backdoor from diceware.com if you verify the wordlist. (And if you are creating keep-away-from-the-NSA level passcodes, you should probably use casino dice with a personally verified wordlist.)
I'm not saying your suggestion is detrimental to security, just a little bit pointless. If you want to create your own wordlist, that's great. Want to make one that uses d10s instead of d6s, that's fine too (just be sure to maintain an adequate "keyspace"). The point is to try to create a password that is easier to memorize - 10 words chosen at random is a lot easier than 10 characters chosen at random, or [10 random "words"]( - so that's why they use (for the most part) real words. If you don't want to use real words then you may as well just buy hexadecimal dice, verify they are not biased, and generate 32 character (16-byte) passcodes.
@_date: 2013-11-07 00:11:41
you don't trust yourself to remember a brainwallet but have no concerns with forgetting the ZIP file AES passphrase?
You might want to [split up the key]( and give parts of it to your family members as well as the ZIP.
@_date: 2013-04-25 03:15:41
i wish i could just "no, don't grant this one" and watch what breaks at runtime.....
@_date: 2013-11-04 05:44:51


What is there to compromise?
@_date: 2013-11-06 23:42:39
types won't matter - the number of unique entries in the wordlist is what's important. [Think of a 10 word diceware passcode as a 10 character passcode using an alphabet of 7700 different characters; conceptually (and mathematically) it's the same](
@_date: 2013-07-19 03:01:58


I think I could safely say that you participating in bitcoin was incidental. If detroit's collapse is really the signal of the end, it did not end because bitcoin showed up, it ended because the current situation was unmaintainable. The only real difference that bitcoin would make in such a scenario is that some people might be better off than if bitcoin had not existed.
But I am no expert. Heck I am barely an armchair amateur.
As for he long term feasibility of bitcoin, I don't think it will last forever. It may well last past my lifetime, but I am speculating about hundreds of years into the future. Bitcoin is not just another currency, it is a revolution in the process of engaging in the trade of value, perhaps on par with the invention of fiat currency itself. It is a giant step forward, but it is just a step, and the first one at that. The first widely recognized one at least, which is all that really matters for a currency. The technological underpinnings are brilliant; that is a necessary precondition to its success, but that alone is not a guarantor of success. Brilliant as it is, there are known limitations, so it will be interesting to see what other p2p currencies come about in the next few decades. It's a shame I will probably never know what the final ratio of centrally-controlled to p2p currencies ends up being, or even if the centrally controlled currencies end up disappearing altogether.
@_date: 2013-07-19 06:21:21
probably true. it is inevitable that currency evolve, but had bitcoin (or whatever the future p2p currency would have been called) been delayed by, say, 30 years, it might have had stronger ties to quantum computing and not really considered "digital". the fact that bitcoin became accepted (even if only relatively moderately so) before this hypothetical collapse of the fiat currency paradigm is incidental.
hhhhmmmm... quoins.... (still pronounced *koins*).... who knows what new frontiers would have been explored. It's one of my beliefs that if a paradigm shift occurs too early, before a good technology is around to support it, it can actually delay the evolution of that paradigm. Imagine if Charles Babbage's Analytical Engine had been a success. Industry would have gotten very good at producing steam powered "digital" computation machines - or, rather they would probably be called something like "discrete mechanical computers" - with the hundred year head start over the transistor. Eventually we would have moved off steam, but they would still have been mechanically powered. ("Excuse me, I have to go wind up my data server.") The transistor revolution and the succeeding miniturazation revolutions might never have happened. It would have been too hard to justify sinking such an enormous amount of R&amp;D resources into creating a different way of doing the same things. Overcoming that established, industrialized, infrastructurial inertia is always an uphill (up-cliff?) battle, and doesn't always succeed, despite the new technology being far superior to "the way we've always done it before". As a great example, in the 1920s we had viable electric cars, but because burning oil was just so much easier to get more *umph*, we haven't really explored electric powered personal transportation until the turn of the century. Personal computing might have never happened because it's pretty dang hard to get mechanical devices of such computing power down to what would fit under the average home office desk. Then again, maybe we would have had more reason to invest in nano technology in the drive to shrink the discrete mechanical computers.
Wow, I just went *way* off topic. Anyway, I am not completely closed to the idea that bitcoins might be with us until the end of time, and it's quite likely that *some* form of digital currency will still be around for the next few centuries, I think the next evolution in computing - quantum, or whatever that leads us to - might have provided a better technological basis for p2p money.
@_date: 2013-11-06 23:33:45
Open the word list in a text editor. Print it out. It is meant to be used without the aid of a computer (which is why they recommend rolling 5 6-sided "casino" dice to pick the words), sidestepping any key generation software or hardware compromises.
A hex-die (0-F) has 4 bits of entropy (provided the die is not biased - which you will have to verify as I don't think anyone makes casino grade hex-dice). 32 rolls gives you 128 bits of entropy. 128-bit keys are considered secure.