@_author: benballa
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:50:22
I mean its common sense. If everything indicates your currency is going to rise in value, you aren’t going to want to spend it because you predict you will be able to buy more stuff in the future if you save it. This is why people aren’t really spending bitcoin right now, people are afraid of ending up like the people who bought pizzas for thousands of bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:35:27
Very few people  will accept bitcoin right now, because its so volatile because it's not actually backed by anything other then the idea of it. It's value is completely based on the potential for it to become a more ubiquitous currency, a potential that is undermined by its rapid deflation. 
Deflation leads to the collapse of state backed currencies, what's keeping it from happening to bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-12-18 07:12:03
Manipulation of inflation is the basis of all monetary policy. Lack of inflation causes stagnation in spending, and is bad for the economy. Even with gold, inflation still was a factor, due to the mining of gold. Unless a cryptocurrency either expands in quantity at a set rate, therefore decreasing in value at a set rate, or is state managed allowing for inflation control, its going to fail as a currency. This is because if it isn’t at a set rate of increased quantity, what’s the incentive for the managers of the currency, who are probably invested in the currency to decide to make more available? That will only bring the value of their current currency down. If their is no inflation, theres bound to be deflation, and the currency will just become storage of wealth that no one wants to spend, which undermines its very utility as a currency.
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:18:43
I think using bitcoin to purchase stuff and accept purchases is great, all I'm saying is this artificial spike in value is not healthy for bitcoins long term viability as a currency, and people shouldn't tout bitcoin as an investment, but as a currency.