@_author: benditbackwards
@_date: 2019-07-02 19:30:26
LOL this is a pretty easy bait and switch kinda scam.  He baits you with this 'problem' only you can solve ( because why?) But to help him you have to signup to that phony trading platform, to execute the trade you'll have to likely put up some initial capital ( to prime to pump so to speak )... bam they got you..!
@_date: 2018-10-08 17:39:44
There can never be more than 21 million coins because that is hard coded into the consensus rules ( that is everyone who uses / owns bitcoin are in agreement that they WANT that limit to exist) This is the principle of HARD money, money that has its SUPPLY fixed or in limited in availability.  Meaning that it would be very unlikely that your hypothetical 51% of the users of Bitcoin would ever agree to increasing the supply of their HARD money.  If you increase the supply, then the value of the current existing Bitcoin would drop in value, its called inflation.  Anyone who understands this and who owns Bitcoin would never agree to having their stored value decrease.
To answer your question about what happens when all the 21million coins are issued?  Nothing really the miners who are responsible for securing the Bitcoin blockchain, will be compensated solely by the transaction fees in the mined block, how much reward that will be is anyone's guess, since transactions are processed by a market driven system ( the transactions that have the highest fee get processed first ).
@_date: 2018-10-20 12:23:14
As the previous poster said, this is an incredibly INSECURE albeit shiny way of storing your coins.  The biggest flaw here is you have to TRUST that the manufacturer did not record all those private keys before covering them up with the sticker of the public key.   People keep romanticizing that Bitcoin should be a physical coin when really the only thing it shares with that physical treasure is the name.  In summary, your are personally responsible for your own security, if YOU are not the only one who could have seen the private key for your Bitcoin wallet, then that wallet / coin is NOT secure.   
@_date: 2019-10-01 15:27:20
Explain to your sister, that she is correct your Bitcoin is your Bitcoin, but whenever you want to transact (spend) BTC you require the services of a secure network, you have to pay your way, in some way it is like a 'bank fee' you are paying for a service.  UNLIKE a bank, you only pay for the service you use. Whereas a BANK and in fact the whole FIAT financial system that the bank uses, siphons off the value of your money even if you don't spend it. (inflation) It is in this regard that keeping your money in Bitcoin is better than Fiat.
@_date: 2019-10-01 16:11:39
no its Natoshi Sakamoto I believe :)
@_date: 2019-10-17 11:51:55
feels a bit scammy, for one, their website is not using https, why would I trust it with my money?
@_date: 2018-11-09 00:55:16
I would say yes, Bitcoin is a better long term place to stash your cash if you don't want it to suffer from inflation.  Every other investment you named has some sort of inflationary nature in them even gold.  What I mean is that even gold still has supply added to the market whenever the gold mines find more gold.  You have to realize that Bitcoin is FIXED at 21 million, there will NEVER be more issued after that.  No other asset class can say that.   Now at the moment, Bitcoin DOES have an inflation rate, because its still rewarding miners to secure the network, so its about 3.8% annual, compared to gold where the supply of gold is actually increasing every year, ( the gold miners are becoming more efficient ) that net effect is that has as time goes by, the supply rate of Bitcoin is getting less than even gold!  This makes it a more valuable investment for the future!
@_date: 2018-11-14 11:31:33
You kinda answered your own question, this is how BCH came to be, some minor group disagreed with the consensus rules of Bitcoin and decided to take matters into their own hands and change the nature of Bitcoin to their liking kinda like what the banksters of old did to the US dollar way back on Jekyll island.  The key thing that makes Bitcoin strong is that no single group controls the fate of bitcoin.  If you don't agree with the Bitcoin design and come up with your own rules ( i.e. unlimited block size ) I and many others will disagree with you and you will be a user of one of your own sh\*tcoin and essentially make it useless.  Now you may say, I'm a big shot rockstar / maintainer of the Bitcoin network, I can change the rules to enrich myself.  Again, that mighty concept of consensus comes to light.  Its relatively easy to change the rules of Bitcoin, the source code is free to download and change, the hard part is convincing EVERYONE else that your coin is better than the original.  To see how well that is working out look over at BCH see how they are doing.  Bottomline, for a coin to have value, it needs two things.  It has to be scarse ( limited supply ) and it has to be desired by many ( large demand ).  If you are smart and don't buy into scams, would you convert your hard-earned money into a something that had little adoption and unlimited supply??? 
@_date: 2018-07-20 20:42:38
ahh 5 year old article
@_date: 2019-09-12 12:15:19
Bitcoin like gold IS sound money.  Don't know what sound money is??  Look it up.  Suffice to say its the opposite of Fiat money, which is as you know tied to nothing or perhaps the end of the barrel of a gun.
Bitcoin is sound money because it is of limited or fixed quantity, that and faith in the consensus rules btw that are enforced by every owner of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is worth $xx because WE as a community say it is.
If you are constantly comparing Bitcoin to the USD you are doing it wrong, the USD should be compared to Bitcoin, looking at it that way you start to understand that its not the Bitcoin's price is rising against the USD but rather the USD value against a fixed asset like Bitcoin is quickly depreciating.
This is what those wise People are trying to tell you, whenever there is a scare of a recession, smart money buys a limited asset like gold.  This will be the first bad recession that another fixed asset like Bitcoin will also be available to protect your hard earned value.  History has shown that whenever there is a slow down in the economy, the fed will print more money ( increasing the money supply hence debasing or devaluing the existing money in circulation ) in an attempt to stimulate the economy.  This has the effect of all goods and services seeming to increase in price at the same time.  This is why smart money takes the value of their cash out of circulation by purchasing something that exists outside of effect of the Fed's money printing and debasing, stuff like gold and now Bitcoin, this has the effect of the price of Bitcoin appearing to go up.
The effect of these price adjustments don't happen overnight,  it takes time, months even years you are staring at the 'noise' if you are looking at the Bitcoin price action over a few weeks, take a bigger picture view, and you will see the real trend.
@_date: 2019-09-12 12:45:47
remember too, the miner's don't control the network exactly, Bitcoin doesn't really have a single point of failure in the way you think.  Yes the miner's are responsible as whole for securing each block in the blockchain, but its the Bitcoin NODES (Nodes are not miners) that are responsible for determining WHICH blocks are the 'right' blocks, if necessary the nodes determine which block gets added to the front of the chain.  If China taking over a large portion of the hashing power concerns you, start up and run a Bitcoin Node.  As an owner of Bitcoin it is a small price to pay to secure your fortune, and keep the network decentralized.
@_date: 2019-09-19 16:04:14
I'd say as long as there is electricity available, and you know someone who has a running Bitcoin node that has a recent copy of the Blockchain.  Then you can use physical wallet tokens that were preloaded with amounts of Bitcoin like  [  This will allow you to transact in amounts on the coin, like you do now with cash.  The opendime wallet's value is verifiable  by the Bitcoin node.
@_date: 2019-09-19 15:46:10
its NEVER a good idea, think about it, if it was so profitable, why would they not keep it to themselves??  Essentially they are outsourcing the RISK and COST of mining to you!  You are much better off just buying BTC and HODLING.  The only other time it would make sense, is if you have access to free electricity, and lots of it, like in the MEGA watts, then and only then does it make sense to get Bitcoin by mining
@_date: 2019-09-19 15:41:12
as pretty as it is, by biggest concern is WHO knows the private key of this wallet?
@_date: 2019-09-19 14:56:19
you have a point about the absolute digital security of gold, but that is kinda like saying water has no calories.  The real issue I think is the verifiable security of your store of value.  Are you as sure that your 100% digitally secure gold is in fact what you think it is?  All that shines isn't necessarily gold.  Gold can be 'hacked' in other ways history is full of incidents where vaults and banks THINK they have gold when in fact they don't.  You have to trust someone to verify the amount of gold you have in the vault, that is the weak of storing your value, centralized trust.
@_date: 2018-07-16 20:01:21
The reason you'd spend your gold is because at that time, you'd no longer have any more 'bad' or unsound money, so its the only money you have to spend!  Its the central banks and keynesian economics that brought forth this idea that money has no investment value.  Its both, a medium of exchange of value AND a preservation of value for your future.  When I was younger my grownups would tell me to save my money for a rainy day, not spend it as soon as I earned it!  This idea that saving some of your money for an uncertain future is sound idea, if the money appreciates in value as time goes by even better!
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:44:47


I've seen this argument before, and its simply not true, for one if you want to talk about the few rich getting richer, remember the current mess we are in is BECAUSE we are on the fiat money standard, you have heard the chants the 1% hold all the wealth, and are getting richer!  Furthermore, if say you are on the gold / bitcoin standard and you happen to be one of that 1% you won't stay that way for long if you simply sitting on your money, unless people are giving you services and goods for free, you are going spend it!  its how rich people get richer they invest in projects, except I expect they won't throw it to any crazy idea that comes along, ( remember the internet boom? ) instead I expect since money has real value ( i.e. you are not just throwing it away 'fuck it, I'm going to lose it anyway' ) I expect the rich will invest their money on projects that will yield them a dividend in the long term.  This is what happened during the 'golden age' when money was tied to gold.
@_date: 2017-06-17 04:57:09
Not true, you can make a profit.  It all depends on where your miners are located.  I have profitable miners, and I'm not in China.  The price of bitcoin is accelerating faster than the rising difficulty rate, so for at least for the time being and the near future, things look good for mining. You can kind of look at it as buying bitcoin at a discount.  What is more important to consider is that the Canaan miners are not as efficient as Bitmain's  You can own BitMain miners and still support SegWit but pointing your miners to pools like Slush.
@_date: 2018-12-25 00:49:10
You are correct, the beauty of bitcoin is you know the supply side of the equation is fixed, ( only 21 million will ever exist, cannot be changed, if you want to change it you can fork (make a copy) into a shitcoin and take the other idiots with you, Bitcoin will be unaffected )
So this leaves the demand side of the equation, and that as Trace Meyer says is up to the network effect, quite simply, individuals like yourself start to see the true value of Bitcoin, and start to realize what a Ponzi scheme the central banks have had over us all these years, the more you can convert to 'our' side, the more valuable Bitcoin will become relative to the fake money.
@_date: 2017-06-19 07:06:25
Important to note its not the miners that control the destiny of Bitcoin, its the users of Bitcoin that do.  Miners will mine the most profitable chain, if they decide to fork and the rest of us owners of bitcoin don't follow what will they do?  Remember Bitcoin is extremely resiliant.  If 15% or heck even 45% of the hashing power left and started mining their own bitcoin, who cares?  The remaining miners will take up the slack, all you need is at least 2 miners mining Bitcoin, and the difficulty level will adjust to ensure that the remaining hashing power delivers a verified block every approx 10min, life will go on as before
@_date: 2017-06-18 05:52:18
You seem to think that the Chinese miners own all the mining, the Chinese miners have way more to lose than the users stand to lose in mining security.  When USAF comes and the Chinese miners don't follow, then all that happens is the remaining miners that do switch to SegWit ( like those in Slush Pool ) will see the difficulty level dramatically drop due to all that Chinese hashing power disappearing, non Chinese miners like myself will rejoice! More reward for us all!  I hope the Chinese miners fork off their own blockchain, good luck to them! But I feel its not going to happen, they KNOW as well what the stakes are, they are just greedy.  The power lies with the users the miners have to follow the users otherwise who are they mining for? Who are they going to cash their alt-bitcoin with?
@_date: 2017-06-19 06:59:07
Well you are right Bitmain makes one of the most if not THE most efficient miner currently.  HOWEVER that doesn't mean he (Jihan/Bitmain)  controls all the hash that equates to the production of all those miners.  If you purchase a Bitmain miner you have the choice to point its hashing power to any pool you choose.  If you point it to Slush Pool for example, you can choose to have that miner hash for the Segwit side, in effect using Jihan's tech against him :)
@_date: 2017-06-21 14:30:49
opendime has MANY advantages, one key one, zero transaction fees to transfer bitcoin from one party to another. As long as the receiving party TRUSTS the integrity of the opendime hardware, then they can verify the amount of Bitcoin it represents by checking it against any Bitcoin node, ( that node doesn't even have to have been connected to the internet recently) once verified, ( which would be instant ) then the receiving party can accept the value with confidence.  Its analogous to back in the day when people would visit a town and check in their gold with the blacksmith and he would put the gold in the safe and give the owner a receipt. Eventually that receipt was no longer used to retrieve the gold it represents, but instead was traded between parties as representing the amount of gold specified on the receipt.  This of course was the precursor to the dollar.  
@_date: 2018-12-25 00:37:36
You can mine, given you have free electricity then there is no down side.  You can mine in two ways, 1 is to join a pool, I'd recommend Slushpool because they do share in the transaction fees in addition to the block rewards.  The second way is called 'solo' mining because just as it sounds you are mining on your own, this means no sharing in the 12.5 BTC reward.  So IF you were lucky enough to find the block, and your PC was able to communicate that result to as many nearby nodes, you will get all 12.5 BTC!  Pretty sweet, but in all aspects it is like winning the lottery.  As slim a chance that it is, I'd recommend going this route, as its sort of the all or nothing kind of scenario.  The reality of you mining in a pool is your contribution is so small, you will be getting a few cents every month! Not very encouraging if you ask me