@_author: benezolano
@_date: 2018-01-28 03:44:29
Because we don't have people alive to govern us. We don't trust the opposition enough to vote for them, but it is probable they will become government soon.
@_date: 2018-01-27 22:42:38
Not bitcoin directly. Cryptocurrencies aren't common for the population. What is being done is exchanging BTC and altcoins to bolivares and then buying food. Nobody is accepting cryptocurrencies as money. You can't buy food with bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency. It is illegal.
@_date: 2018-01-27 22:34:25
I wouldn't be surprise if this is true. Sadly, this isn't something good for Venezuela but only for the militaries already getting benefits from it.
They don't care for the people, or promoting bitcoin to the masses. Recently there was another case of a farm owner getting jailed and it is still unknown to the public the incarceration of this person while the government says that they will promote bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. They are full of shit, they are destroying the income of families, stealing antminers and starting to farm for themselves, to accumulate wealth for themselves.
What is being said is that the government will regulate the price of Bitcoin, like the US dollar, they will exchange cryptocurrencies valued in thousands for pennies and for bolivares. They are creating a database of all minners in Venezuela and farm owners, asking them details of their equipment, profits, personal info, everything to demand the minners to sell cryptos to the government at lower prices, probably without profit at all in order to avoid incarceration. The government is against every kind of economical production. This is a socialist government, they don't want people to be prosperous, they want everyone to be poorer and miserable. They are good at doing it, they destroyed my country where I'm still living and it is impossible for almost the entire population to make enough money to buy food for a month. The government hates private property and private individuals getting profit.
This means the black market prices will keep increasing, being a farm owner will be extremely risky if you make profit. They confiscated farms before and they will keep doing it.
Surviving in here with a income minor to $4/month is a bad for us, the average citizen. Few people is capable of getting an income in foreign currency or crypto currency. Those who are lucky are either emigrating, riskying themselves to be murdered or kidnapped, or helping others instead of spending everything on them.
@_date: 2018-01-28 03:43:30
Thank you for your wishes
@_date: 2018-05-31 02:55:37
People have been arrested just for selling and buying bitcoin without doing shady things, just protecting their income from hyperfinflation converting their bolivars into bitcoin.
In Venezuela the only legal tender currency is the Bolívar Fuerte. Any other currency -and cryptocurrencies- are illegal according to venezuelan exchange laws. And these haven't been changed.
@_date: 2018-05-31 02:57:31
Many people is dependant on bitcoin to eat. This will affect an ecosystem that was bringing some relief from the economic attacks from the venezuelan government against civilians. 
@_date: 2018-05-31 03:19:43
Roger did right at letting the author to publish the article, because that's an even that is happening, it included the commentary of someone explaining why the dictatorship won't be able to develop a cryptocurrency and make a successful launch of the token.
This is real [fake news]( intended to promote government propaganda, not the article you posted.
@_date: 2018-05-31 03:03:55
Yes, it is a fake news. Not even the government institutions are doing business with crypto currencies, as far as I know.
I've been helping people with their documents to emigrate to other countries, doing the papers to sell their houses, their cars, and other papers, and in every institutions I've been workers in those institutions have said that cryptocurrencies aren't accepted.