@_author: benfranklinthedevil
@_date: 2019-07-31 19:40:32
Not really,  coinsidering the coinneseurs in this thread.
@_date: 2019-10-26 19:32:53
"There are no laws; only permission"
This was a brilliant statement made by a driver who gave me a ride. He was talking about Mexico, but I think it relates to more than just corrupt Mexican police.
@_date: 2019-02-10 20:59:44
I'm just defending funny.  Sorry Prof, for not citing sources, as I physically don't have a copy right now.  I will gladly read it a 3rd time, as I do value the book, and it's been some years since I read it last. I also doubt you read it, and are trying to justify your own inadequacies, which is typical of anonymity. The book is not only about the government controlling speech, “Don’t you see that the whole aim of Newspeak is to narrow the range of thought? In the end we shall make thoughtcrime literally impossible, because there will be no words in which to express it.” the book is about us deciding to let the government control our speech. I'm sorry if you didn't analyze anything g your teacher taught you in 10th grade civics class,  but there is more to the book than "the gubment gonna take words uway" who decided which words? And how?  It is a roadmap of how to not fall into the trap of censorship you fucking twat! Now let me exercise my freedom to never talk to you again.
@_date: 2019-02-10 20:21:07
Doublespeak is the word you might be looking for. On order to "protect" society, certain ministries were created, for instance, the ministry of love was created because the word 'hate' was banned. You are barking at the wrong dog bud. I have read it multiple times, and it has been a blueprint to protecting free speach since 1948 when it was written.  Eliminating words does not make people safer, and is expressed in that book.
What you think is a shitty joke, someone else thinks is Brilliant, and I support your right to gtfo of my face. I also support whatever anyone chooses to say as it is a pillar of this country. Go take your thought crimes somewhere else.  Try laughing the next time you are offended. It's this weird feeling humans get, the outside of their mouth curls up, their eyes squint, and air lightly puffs out from their lungs. It is a response to something harmless,  but lightly shocking. Try it sometime, it might make you feel better. Or curl you frow, turn those mouth curls down, and pull up a bunch of negative shit no one wants to hear because you are no longer fun to be around. 
@_date: 2019-02-10 19:48:44
You are trying to be a gatekeeper of what anyone deems funny.  If you replace the words you find offensive,  with words that you don't find offensive,  and don't  see anything wrong? you are the bigot. If everyone is labeled, everyone gets to play the victim, then we can be a society free of hurt feelings? No, because no one is responsibility for your feelings? Someone, or large groups of people are trying to make the way they feel be fact. Facts =/= feels. What you think isn't funny is not my responsibility, and above all, I respect the freedom of speech,  and you seem to have a helpful crew around you suppressing free speech on the guise that if speech hurts someone's feelings, it should be illegal. Please do me a favor and read 1984.  It explains better than I can, the path of censorship.  And I know you are itching to tell me that a word affects someone more than someone else, so that victim should be protected, and I will explain to you that we are all free to these rights, but we are not free from their responsibility.  If you want to make words illegal, what power will you have? 
@_date: 2019-02-10 22:14:56
The Office is arguably one of the best comedic works of our generation and the only humor that actually attacks individual groups is from Steve Carells character where the joke is on him and you laugh cause of how unfunny, stupid and an asshole he is.
- or maybe,  it is because it's ok to be racist toward the majority group? That it isn't sexist when it is directed toward men?  Maybe the cis white male is the new punching bag, because we are the only ones who can handle it? There is no corner to back in to for a cis white male. The only possible recourse is to dish it back, not with your logic, no matter what he says will be deemed unfunny. And you wonder why the suicide rate is so high with that demographic? That isn't funny, but if someone wants to joke about how white men are killing themselves at 7x the rate of anyone else, go ahead, I won't support it, but I'm not going to argue it shouldn't be said. The truth is often hidden in Jokes, so take away jokes, and run the risk of taking away truth. I hate that I had to pull up a quote from Carell saying that he didn't think the political climate would allow a show like the office now, and the true tragedy is that  "the left," supposed liberals who are advocating taking words away,  thoughts away, and generally treats the populace like children who don't know how to care for themselves.  "The right" just wants to steal from you and justify it through "conservative measures" meaning they just dont want all the good they got to ever change. Oh, and whatever that pervert in the robe says. See? did I offend enough people for you to understand the truth lies in there somewhere,  and it isn't our job to censor.  Spend more time understanding, because you can't analyze what isn't written.
@_date: 2019-02-10 20:46:45
“Don’t you see that the whole aim of Newspeak is to narrow the range of thought? In the end we shall make thoughtcrime literally impossible, because there will be no words in which to express it.”
I am completely making the whole thing up.
Let's dig this up for you, we were established as a government for the people, by the people,  and of the people. That fictional tale, which I apparently never read, the people voted for their new political world, being that when the novel was written,  democratically elected countries were mass murdering each other. I believe it's in the book about how these ideas were not enforced through authoritarian means, but I haven't read it, and I only have 2 copies of animal farm, but misplaced the copy of 1984 I had. It is a real book, made from Paper, and whole thoughts, not a collection of quotes and tweets. It is one of the most quotable political novels ever written, and maybe instead of assuming that I don't know about it, you could just not be an asshole! 
@_date: 2019-02-10 21:32:53
The climate’s different. I mean, the whole idea of that character, Michael Scott, so much of it was predicated on inappropriate behavior. I mean, he’s certainly not a model boss. A lot of what is depicted on that show is completely wrong-minded. That’s the point, you know? But I just don’t know how that would fly now. There’s a very high awareness of offensive things today—which is good, for sure. But at the same time, when you take a character like that too literally, it doesn’t really work.” 
@_date: 2019-02-10 21:25:56
I have no idea what you are on about.  Top level trolling my dude. Go outside and see real humans. I don't know where you got 'nazi' or 'comedy gigs' but I can tell you that I didn't use either. Maybe it was all that doublespeak I made up from the book I didn't read.  Unfunny = funny, they are both freedoms,  until the Chinese take reddit away. That entire book I didn't read,  was intended to warn of minds like yours that slowly chip away at what freedom means by altering the minutia. I didn't read it, could you provide me with some details? 
@_date: 2019-02-10 21:41:53
What is a nazi? Why arent they allowed to freely organize?  Now you want to take away  ?
Now, in this brief,  annoying conversation, I have attempted to enlighten you, and you have attempted to take my first 2 rights aways  as an American.  If we were living in the book I never read, you would be right, and I would be in prison. If that is the world you want to live in, I don't,  so I'm gonna keep laughing at prejudiced jokes, see the light  from a joke instead of looking for a reason too be offended,  and I'm going to support anyone's attempt at being funny whether they succeed or not because the alternative sucks, kind of like you.
@_date: 2019-02-10 20:10:00
Thank you! Might be the nicest compliment i've ever been given. I'm currently in the 2nd draft of my book. You can lurk it as many times as you like. I'll let you know when its published 
@_date: 2019-12-26 17:23:06
Sergey Brim and Larry Page both left alphabet.  YouTube has made a lot of mistakes,  and these 2 leaving show that the company is about to destroy its original mission statement,  "don't be evil"  
I would cancel my YouTube premium,  but I'd rather deal with my overlord without having the same commercial force fed to me 500x/day.
@_date: 2019-02-10 16:08:39
So, in this futuristic world, will there be any differentiation at all? In your ideal world,  there can be no humor? No deprecating humor? Just grey people living completely indescriminate lives without pain or joy, because either would be too extreme and may offend someone?  We are watching fascism brew in the western world because people are fucking offended by everything!  Stop playing the fucking victim, stop protecting the victim, and just deal with the FACT that we are all different,  and its funny! 
@_date: 2019-12-26 17:53:00
I only use my phone, so if you have a way to do that, let me know
@_date: 2019-01-23 18:42:17
I am only going to posit one thought, how do you remove the security from the governments, and pass it to the individuals without the governments losing power? We are seeing China start a system with social credits, and corporate espionage is extremely high. I think the biggest hindrance to a blockchain becoming the backbone of an economy is that power in security is already owned.
@_date: 2019-01-28 16:43:38
Was it out of a vending machine?
@_date: 2019-01-29 23:54:13
Do you believe bitcoin can operate without inflation?  I understand how US debt, and all other countries' fiat currency is inflationary by nature. How does bitcoin not carry the same risk? I'm thinking of currency, generally having a proposed value i  the future,  and central banks control whether they want their people to spend and not save. What will the driving force be behind crypto speculation? 
@_date: 2019-01-30 01:38:55
But do you think people can maintain a stable currency?  As far as I know the dollar has been incredibly stable within it's short history, but obviously had to be manipulated to be fixed, then fixed to be manipulated. People are erratic and herd mentality can force swift changes. I also don't see how bitcoin wouldn't be taken over as a global currency when a large central bank decides they will just buy all of it.