@_author: benicillin1
@_date: 2018-01-10 01:30:49
They don’t allow that for any coin on Coinbase. The only pairs are usd to crypto, there are no crypto to crypto pairs on Coinbase. You don’t even know what you’re talking about yet you posted this same incorrect info more than once. Please stop. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 02:11:20
They’re not going to lose customers by the thousands because of delays implementing segwit because there’s nowhere else to go that isn’t experiencing the same problem. 
You’d have a leg to stand on if there was a viable alternative right now but there’s not. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 01:50:43
“No, and here’s an example that contradicts my answer”
The answer is yes. Coinbase offers four pairs: btc-usd, ltc-usd, eth-usd, and bch-usd. You can buy and sell any of them.
@_date: 2018-01-12 06:03:17
Go ahead and show me when you exchanged those pairs on Coinbase and I’ll gladly eat my own shit. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 20:18:05
Thats gdax not Coinbase. Coinbase uses gdax for liquidity, yes. But Coinbase does not allow what you are claiming they allow. Please stop saying incorrect things. It’s not semantics. You’re just wrong. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 01:33:10
You replied directly to someone who asked if you can sell bch on Coinbase. The answer is yes. You said no. You were wrong. If that rubs you the wrong way that’s on you. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 01:37:32
Sell bch for usd and then buy btc is what everyone else on Coinbase who wanted to move bch to btc did. Pretty sure that crowd has already been priced in. No reason whatsoever to think bch will drop at all just because Coinbase adds a btc/bch pair. Also, Coinbase doesn’t offer any crypto to crypto pairs yet so i doubt its gonna happen anytime soon. Seems like your optimism is misplaced. Or you just don’t understand how exchanges work. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 01:22:25
You know what they say about assumptions! They make an ass out of U and me. Now you fuck off! Kindly though. Fuck off very kindly. And sincerely. Have a fine day while fucking off you kind piece of shit. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:54:02
The article says its a Missouri based company. 
@_date: 2018-10-25 12:51:15
I definitely have a choice. Have traded crypto. Have never used tether. Not a red herring. That’s not even what “red herring” means...
@_date: 2018-10-25 12:45:57
I mean I’m not a tether fan either but it seems pretty clear it has a practical use and the person you’re responding to explained what that use is. You don’t offer much in the way of an argument supporting your point that it doesn’t. Do you actually have quality input to add to this conversation or are you just out here telling other people they are wrong because you’re right?? 
@_date: 2019-02-01 18:21:18
Haha currently here... tomorrow moon!
Love the level of detail. I just spent a long time zooming and checking out each section. there’s quite a lot to look at. 
@_date: 2017-11-24 22:24:16
Wonder if they will credit you with bitcoin cash too. Technically you should have held the btc before the fork so you’d be entitled. At Today’s price, that would throw another 100k on your gains. Pretty nice deal. 
@_date: 2018-03-07 22:43:30
Wayyyy too many assumptions required to make this statement true. 
I think you’re assuming you’re the only seller/buyer in the market at a given time and that there is unlimited demand on the other side of your trade at the current price. These assumptions won’t ever hold up in the real world. You’re not the only person selling or buying at any given time and the demand for each unit of currency at a given price has limits. 
Your coins are only as valuable as what the next person will pay for them. Price would most likely go down after you begin selling your first coin. So you’d be selling each successive coin (or satoshi, the smallest unit of bitcoin) for a lower price than the previous until such point as you run out of coins to sell. At that point you would be able to begin buying again, and you’d be buying them as price increases due to your buying causing price to rise. In the end, assuming no external factors, you’d end up exactly where you started, minus any transaction fees you laid out to get there. 
Def not a very good get rich quick scheme. 
@_date: 2018-03-07 22:29:33
It’s a moot point. The court did not ask for, nor did it need, anyone to agree to the damages being calculated in fiat. That’s just how the process works. Losses are calculated, in fiat, at the time the court orders the entity liquidated, and the trustee attempts to (generally speaking) get back as many assets as possible, convert them to fiat, and give them back to creditors.
Agreeing to the process is implicit in living there (this happened in Japan), same as following any other rule of law. 
This article gives a decent overview of what happened 
In this case, the trustee has recovered property (bitcoin) that appreciated in value after the liquidation. It does not mean the damages should increase. Similarly, if you had 10k worth of bitcoin back then and the value had gone down by half afterwards, you wouldn’t be willing to just take 5k because that’s the current value of the property. You’d want your 10k. 
I realize the opportunity cost here is very high. These folks haven’t been given back crypto or fiat and years have passed. Assuming they had that fiat sooner and reinvested it in crypto they would be much richer. However, that’s not part of the bankruptcy trustee’s concerns because it’s not part of the rules!
@_date: 2018-03-07 22:32:18
There was no need for such an agreement, the bankruptcy rules themselves provide for this outcome. 
It’s not really false information. The creditors implicitly agreed to this by dealing with a company incorporated in Japan. 
@_date: 2018-03-07 22:50:54
I don’t have to imagine, the article says the exact amounts!
@_date: 2018-02-12 05:46:28
But this post wasn’t about dilution of value. Ops point is that there is a relatively constantly supply of btc for sale (higher when prices fall and lower when they rise, but relatively constant) that needs to be offset by new money entering the ecosystem in order for price to not go down. 
So, yes, dilution causes a downward pressure on price. But this post was about the necessity of miners selling coins for fiat. As you know, every seller requires a buyer and right now no one “needs” to buy bitcoin whereas many miners need to sell bitcoin. 
It’s an interesting point to consider and i hadn’t thought about it beyond the issue of dilution until today. If you’re only focusing on the value lost to dilution you’re missing the point of this post. 
@_date: 2019-05-08 14:36:25
You’re right it is unbelievable. Because he literally said himself he didn’t believe it was possible and was only addressing it because it was suggested to him by others. Watch the AMA.
@_date: 2018-12-27 02:43:17
Is there a cap on what you can carry back in the federal rules? It varies state by state for state taxes, obv, and carry forwards are capped at 3k per year federally, but i can’t find a source on whether carryback is capped. If not, then my argument above is meritless as you could simply carryback the entire 2018 loss to cover the 2017 profits. 
@_date: 2018-12-21 19:55:36
This is not accurate. This would only be accurate if crypto prices went up every single day without fail. That’s obviously not the case. 
If i buy coin A with fiat, then sell coin a for coin b, under the current rules that is a taxable event. I owe taxes on the appreciation in value of coin A at the time i sold it for coin B. If i then sell coin B for fiat, i again owe taxes on the appreciation in value of coin B at the time i sold it for fiat. 
Assuming the prices of all coins continuously go up forever without ever falling, then your clarification would be correct. The total gain from both transactions is the same as the gain if you looked at the coin A to coin B conversion as a like kind exchange and don’t tax it. If I’m up 30 percent overall, it doesn’t matter whether it was 15% on the first coin and 15% on the second, either way it’s 30% gain. 
However, nothing simply goes up in value forever. This law is especially important for the folks who traded coin a for coin b for coin c etc etc over and over while crypto was increasing in price and racked up huge tax liabilities before ever cashing any of those gains out to fiat. 
In many instances, folks who bought in early and made lots of coin to coin exchanges during the bull market owe hundreds of thousands in taxes on those trades. However, many of them never cashed out to fiat, and now their actual holdings are worth less than the tax liability they incurred because coin to coin trades triggered taxable events. 
This bill would completely turn that paradigm on its head. If you bought 1000 dollars worth of crypto that ballooned in value to 10000 dollars worth and you traded coins during that run, instead of owing all the taxes in every coin to coin exchange along the way, you instead only owe the difference between what you bought the crypto for and what you eventually sell it for. If your 1000 of crypto was valued at 10000 at one point but now it’s back to 1000, this bill makes all the difference in the world to you, as you would not owe any capital gains under the proposed bill whereas the current laws you could end up on the hook for thousands of dollars of capital gains. Thousands of dollars you likely don’t have any more....
There are a ton of posts on reddit by folks in this exact situation trying to figure out how to file for bankruptcy because their stack appreciated in value so much in 2017 and then lost so much value in 2018. 
This bill would change everything for them. 
@_date: 2018-12-21 21:49:52
You get banned for anything that doesn’t fit their narrative over there. For a while, being bearish was one of those things. Not sure how familiar you are with the mod situation there but that is decidedly not an open community. 
@_date: 2018-12-21 22:43:55
I think you’re forgetting/purposely ignoring the fact that you can’t offset the gains with the losses if they happen in different tax years and the non like kind method forced you to realize the gains at the time you traded crypto for crypto. The new method will allow you to realize gains once you cash out to fiat. If i gained 1 mil last year trading coin for coin, didn’t pay any taxes on it cause i didn’t cash out to fiat, and then the value of the crypto i own went down substantially, I’d be screwed. I still owe all the cap gains from last year and i can’t write them off with losses this year (yes i can carry forward and use 3k per year against future losses but for folks with big holdings this doesn’t help). 
I see what you’re saying but it’s missing a big part of the picture.  Changing “when you report” is a huge deal. If I’m forced to report every time i go coin to coin then i also need to withdraw enough in fiat to cover the taxes on those trades, otherwise i may end up owing a lot of money that i don’t have if price later goes down. 
One taxable event instead of a ton of them makes paperwork easier as you said but also saves a ton of people who otherwise would have been profiting hundreds of thousands in one tax year and losing hundreds of thousands the next year without the ability to apply any of the losses to the gains. 
Of course I’m not perfect and perhaps i misunderstood this bill, but that seems to be what it says and it seems this is merely a scenario you haven’t yet considered (gains forced on an individual in tax year 1 that can’t be offset by losses in tax year 2 when there was no conversion to fiat during the two tax years). 
One can argue this is a niche circumstance but based on the number of posts here with folks complaining about this exact issue ruining them financially I would argue it has an outsized effect on market participants involved during 2017, which, I’m guessing, is why the bill was written to go back as far as 2017. 