@_author: benign_said
@_date: 2019-07-18 16:49:21
You say I hate America, but you don't even understand what the country fucking is, how it's governed or what deep philosophical values that inform it's constitution are. 
Someone criticizes America and you're only means of understanding the criticism is to say I hate America?? That's a pathetic and disturbingly un American,  cowardly response. 
Laughable. Pathetic. Cowardly. Idiotic. 
But have fun memeing Bitcoin or whatever.
@_date: 2019-07-18 19:19:01
A rebuttal? You haven't made an argument. You're barely able to put a sentence together. What little you've said here has either been shallow talking points copied from dumb fuck pundits or just incoherent nonsense. 
Sit down child.
@_date: 2019-07-18 14:22:40
I dunno. Ask the president.
@_date: 2019-07-18 14:26:50
Solutions? You can't even describe the problem accurately. Your president hires illegal immigrants, campaigns against them and builds concentration camps. And your brain fart of a mind is sitting here blaming the "dems' because they won't support a dumb as fuck giant wall pitched by a six year old boy playing president.
@_date: 2019-07-18 17:16:05
Ugh. This is a waste of time. 
It's not. But no one is advocating for that, numb nuts. The only people who talk like that are orange Twitter goofballs and right wing loonies who hock muscle milk between rants. 
The president hires illegal immigrants. 
Why would you trust him to "fix the problem"... He is the problem. But hey, have fun with that 1 trillion dollars deficit this year.
@_date: 2019-07-18 15:26:22
First of all numb nuts, my job is to insult random internet people for dumb shit they say, not to explain to the likes of you a problem with layers and layers of history, policy and meta-horseshit shenanigans. 
I don't even agree with the terms of the argument as you've stated them. As I said before in that rug-burn of a comment - your comment reads like a bumper sticker got roofied by a dude selling a wet carpet. 
But..  
People, like the president of the United States rail against illegal &amp; legal immigrants when it suits them as a means to rally a racist base while simultaneously hiring and building a demand in the labour market for illegal immigrant workers. 
Remember when the Republicans controlled the executive and legislative branches of government and they did fuck all? Well, actually, they wrote themselves a tax cut, but other than that... No wall, no "comprehensive immigration reform". 
What they have done though, is secretly fund a series of concentration camps wherein people detained do not have access to lawyers or due process. They've also implemented a system designed to be so cruel that people fleeing the 'shithole' countries they come from are more scared of the Americans ripping their child away from them than they are being murdered by gangs - at least that's the intention behind the design. 
If you want to stop the drug dealers moving drugs across the border, use a sound economic method like reducing demand. Instead, American pharma mass produces and distributes opioids to all these poor Americans who hate Obamacare and take oxy's instead of fixing their knee, can no longer afford to buy it because they got fired from Target for showing up high and start buying Mexican black tar heroin because otherwise they can't function. 
And then you add in the layer where America has been intervening in the domestic politics of many of these Latin American countries for 60 years. Hmm, turns out supporting the facist death squad guy to prevent a socialist government from nationalizing a corrupt banana companies colonial and exploitative plantations had some 'unintended consequences' decades later as people increasingly see a harrowing escape to the US as the better choice.
The US is attracting people because there are jobs and the rule of law. The rule of law is the true beacon on the hill. It is the Hallmark of Western liberalism, of which the United States was once the most exemplary member. 
Out if racism, Donald 'shitstain' Trump is undermining the rule of law to keep out unwanted types of people. 
Literally, he is destroying the republic to own the libs.
@_date: 2019-07-18 14:06:08
You sound like a political bumper sticker and a wet carpet salesman's baby.
@_date: 2019-07-18 17:52:53
This is a waste of time. 
Have a nice life, numb nuts.
@_date: 2019-07-18 14:14:23
Well, to be fair... Though I do think the entire comment is flaming horseshit on a stick (much like one might imagine a marshmallow on fire) and not worth the time it took you to write it, I didn't actually claim that it was untrue. Rather, I just more just think that you sound like you're word pooping out shallow political rhetoric while ironically calling other braindead. 
But, to answer the question... All of it. The comment is a lie not only in substance, but in the way it is conveyed.
@_date: 2019-10-17 17:26:13
I mean, isn't that just being a citizen of a state? As a citizen, should you have the right to do anything with your money? 
From someone uninvolved with Bitcoin, it's interesting to see it disrupt an antiquated centralized currency system, but it seems suspect if the goal is to circumvent all laws. 
I mean, a lot of these kiddie diddlers are probably using the same logic - that the government is penalizing them using an unfair law (which I disagree with).
@_date: 2019-04-11 14:35:09
No shit Einstein, Assange didn't.  Or at least stopped delivering.
@_date: 2019-04-03 13:53:10
Also, that they are all basically Dwight as a child. 
@_date: 2019-04-11 22:03:55
Listen neckbeard, in a democracy you don't have to cure cancer before you tell some wanker on the internet that they fucked up. And besides, if I think he caused more damage over all than good, wouldn't me doing nothing be enough of an achievement to tell a wanker to stfu? You know? So ask the right questions. 
Edit. I am sorry for calling you neckbeard. I'm having a rough day and you know, I'm taking it out on you. It's not your fault. I have to work on me. Sorry Brian.
@_date: 2019-04-11 22:01:11
You can fuck up robbing a bank and still get arrested. He did some cool shit. WikiLeaks was a cool idea. As time went on, he began using WikiLeaks as a personal tool to excise his personal grievances. He editorialized the leaks. His weird relationship with Trump and Russia - whatever you think about it - does not live up to the ethical standards he claims to have or demands of others. At best he was a hellraiser who helped to usher in a countervailing offensive to the hegemony of the surveillance state, at worst he was a hack who sold himself out to monsters to get revenge on Hilary Clinton. Shortsighted, ineffectual, and honestly, fucking dumb. But one thing is for sure, you don't leak secrets of your PUBLICLY DECLARED ENEMY and then act surprised that they would have the audacity to go after you. 
For me, delivering would have meant running WikiLeaks like a new kind of media platform - just like he said he was going to- and actually use it as a drastic means to keep government excesses in check. Because of his behaviour, no nation takes him that seriously anymore.
@_date: 2019-04-11 14:02:33
Qanon also 'challenged' the powers that be. Doesn't mean you should go long on crazy.
@_date: 2019-04-11 22:06:14
I would have worded it differently, but there is documented collaboration between stone, WikiLeaks, Corsi...
@_date: 2019-09-11 12:09:47
And yet, despite your reasons, you just keep commenting and feeding this dumpster fire you've started.