@_author: benjaminwright1
@_date: 2014-09-23 16:59:35
You asked a number of good questions, and I will try to address them, but not all in one reply.
In my blog post, I did not say a court could not understand Bitcoin. I said that a court could understand (relatively easily) that a contract for Bitcoin payment is enforceable. The court could understand that a breach of contract had occurred and that a remedy was in order. 
However, I said it would be hard for the court to conclude that the *remedy* for breach of the contract should be denominated in bitcoin (even though the contract itself was denominated in bitcoin). 
I argue the court will say the remedy is a "money judgment." And in the US a money judgment is denominated in United States greenback dollars. The court would say Betty must give John value equal to $2500 . . . not 5BTC. (Then I go on to explain why the court denominates its judgment in dollars rather than bitcoin . . . arguing that, for a court, supervising "specific performance" of a bitcoin transaction is hard.)
@_date: 2014-07-29 18:53:51
Section 200.2 “(m) Virtual Currency means any type of digital unit that is used as a medium of exchange or a form of digitally stored value or that is incorporated into payment system technology.”
This definition is confusing. 
Therefore responsible people and businesses involved with the phenomenon popularly known as “Bitcoin” might declare something like this: 
*We are engaged in a computing relationship. The relationship is evolving. It has not settled into maturity. We declare that said relationship does not involve any “currency,” “unit,” “medium,” “exchange,” “value,” “transmission” or “storage” as those words are enforceably used by the New York Department of Financial Services. We further declare that our computing relationship . . . our communication . . . disclaims the following words and the spirit behind them: "currency," "unit," "medium," "exchange," "value," "transmission" or "storage" as those words are enforceably used by the New York Department of Financial Services. We compute and communicate in the spirit of free speech, but we don’t engage in the activities regulated by the Department of Financial Services.*
See details and warnings  
This is not a substitute for legal advice and comes with no assurance of reliability. Use at your own risk.
@_date: 2014-09-23 18:07:40
Re developing definitions: I am interested. I am thinking about publishing more suggestions for what to say in contracts for bitcoin . . . and other things that use a distributed ledger (a.k.a. blockchain).
... On the topic of terms of service of exchanges, wallets and other service providers: Obviously risk abounds. So far, the only service provider’s terms of service I have read with any care are Coinbase’s. From the words of Coinbase’s contract, it’s hard for me to tell what Coinbase is doing or is responsible for. Coinbase’s contract attempts dramatically to constrain Coinbase’s liability.
However, something lurks in the background to help hold Coinbase’s feet to the fire. Coinbase appears to be headquartered in California. If Coinbase were engaged in fraud (e.g., stealing customers’ bitcoin) then the law of fraud (US/California) could be used against Coinbase and its officers, more or less regardless of what the terms of service say. The law of fraud can be powerful to protect the interests of customers.
[My public comments are NOT legal advice. They are just casual conversation. Use them at your own risk. They are not a substitute for advice from an attorney. If the reader needs legal advice, the reader should consult his/her own lawyer.]
@_date: 2014-09-23 17:21:45
In regards to the question about enforcing a $2000 (or $100) contract: The basic principles I offer in my blog post apply equally to a $2000 contract and to a $2,000,000 contract. 
In the US we have many thousands of small claims courts and they function every day. And John from my blog post can get a "money judgment" from a small claims court, as well as other courts in the US.
Alternatives to small claims courts include complaints to
1. Better Business Bureau
2. State Attorney General
Markets like eBay provide a real service. On eBay Betty can get a bad reputation if she breaches contracts.
@_date: 2014-07-18 18:55:57
I believe this blog post (including video) makes a worthy contribution to the use of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies for serious e-commerce. As author, I seek comment and criticism.
@_date: 2014-09-23 15:57:03
Not an armchair lawyer. A *humble* lawyer, who admits how much he does not know and how keen he is to learn more about cryptocurrencies. Member of Texas Bar Association. Author of book titled The Law of Electronic Commerce.