@_author: bennjammin
@_date: 2014-01-28 02:48:11


That's great but laws don't work that way. Laws don't change because a bunch of people think they're wrong. There's a process for changing laws which has been successful in two states for this cause so far, and it hasn't been very long where the majority of the country has been in favor of legalization. There's been nothing but progress in the last decade for this cause but progress has to be enacted, just thinking the law is wrong is just as good as inaction. 
@_date: 2014-12-09 21:18:27


So for someone like me.. I don't really involve myself in discussion here and mostly just keep up on the news. Since the shill debate is on I'd like to make an informed decision on it, but I lack evidence and I don't know where to find it. 
Is there a way for someone like you, with endless amounts of evidence, to somehow share that evidence so uninformed and previously uninterested users like myself can get "caught up" on the information? 
@_date: 2014-01-28 02:38:09
I'm not saying whether it was right or wrong because I don't know his intentions. He allegedly broke what could be an unjust law for which there are consequences, and he knew the risks before he made the choice he did. I don't agree with the law but it's hard to have sympathy when he willfully entered into something which he knew was against the law. I'm all for changing the laws though, but I don't see how what he allegedly did would have any impact on the current state of the law. 
@_date: 2014-01-28 03:24:20
If vegetarianism was a law and there was a punishment for breaking it then there would be a risk in eating meat *regardless* of whether the law was right or not. 
The way to change the law is with action in numbers, until then it will be an unjust law which shouldn't exist. Charlie isn't evil but he broke the law, it doesn't matter whether he was right or not because the law exists and until it's changed people will face the consequences of said law. That's just the harsh reality of how laws work, which is why they can be changed when the majority disagrees in a country like America, and have been changing for the past decade as the marijuana majority finally gets off their asses and realizes they can actually follow the process and get things done.
@_date: 2014-01-27 23:58:15


Ignoring the law doesn't address the reality of the situation. A stupid law is still a law and the consequences are real whether or not we agree with the law or not. 
@_date: 2014-01-28 02:27:15
Laundering money so people can buy drugs with it isn't at all like a runaway slave. Comparing this to enslaving an entire race makes no sense, nobody forced him into this it was all his decision, he knew the risks of willfully entering into the black market. Before taking these risks he lived a normal free life, then willfully chose to enter a risky situation which you yourself said you wouldn't have done. 
Again, you can go ahead and say there was no crime and that he's innocent but it doesn't change the law, you know whatever you say or think won't change the fact that if he's guilty he will be convicted, that's how laws work. To use your own slave analogy, if a runaway slave was caught there would be a punishment, which is completely wrong on every level but that's what would happen. Likewise this law may be wrong but there will be a punishment if he broke it. Call it wrong as much as you like, I agree, but changing a law requires more than that. Slavery wasn't made illegal just because a lot of people agreed that it was wrong, if you thought slavery was wrong but didn't do anything about it you might as well have been pro-slavery for all the law is concerned. If all the 51% or so of Americans who want weed legal actually did something about it then that would be the quickest way to change the law, which is what two states did last year, otherwise inaction is akin to consenting to the current state of things. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 01:42:59
I did no such thing good sir, I think it's a stupid analogy.
@_date: 2014-01-29 00:52:55
Lol wut I never said they were the same that's ridiculous. 
@_date: 2014-01-28 03:42:23
I didn't say "should," I said they will if they get caught breaking the law. The law is wrong but he allegedly broke it and will face the consequences if found guilty. Is that not what will happen? 
@_date: 2014-01-28 21:45:50
I'm not trying to prove wrongdoing, he allegedly broke a law and will have to defend himself in court. That's the situation is it not? Complain about the law and the situation all you want but how will it change anything? Unless your doing something about it what value does complaining about it have? You've seen the laws on this issue continue to change at the state level for the past decade, but when I bring it up the point on how this is effective you call it propaganda.
@_date: 2014-01-28 01:26:24
I'm not bashing or defending him because we won't know if he's guilty until after it goes through the courts. I think when you say "a few pieces of vegetation" you're trying to make it sound as innocent as possible which doesn't address the reality of the situation, unjust laws or not, and I think calling it a battle between good and evil makes it sound like this has cosmic significance. Whether it's good or evil depends on the situation, drugs can be purchased with "evil" intent or good intent, but overall a guy smoking a joint in his basement has little moral significance at all. 
It hasn't been very long that &gt;50% of America is in favor of legalization, but two states have changed their laws already, and many more have legal medical cannabis. Saying it's "some government official" completely ignores the huge segment of Americans who disagree with legalization. They might be wrong but as more people are in favor and political candidates catch on the laws will change as they already have been.
That doesn't change the fact this guy may have broken the law, he knew the laws and the consequences and made a choice, that choice is what he's being judged on.
@_date: 2014-01-28 20:38:15
Are you saying this guy is like a fleeing negro, how do you not see the situations are completely different?