@_author: beppert
@_date: 2018-06-07 03:41:45
Bitcoin value started at zero. It was built through demand for utility (global pseudo-anonymous near immediate settled payments) and speculation on future value. IT HAS NEVER BEEN A GOOD STORE OF VALUE. 
Store of value depends on predictable future purchasing power, it will someday be so if it's already widely used and good are priced in Bitcoin.
The fiat exchange price for Bitcoin has gyrated wildly since inception, recent 60% decline is not even close to the worst of it, sometimes lasting years. This is not proving to anyone who really wants to *store* value they should use Bitcoin.
Saying Bitcoin needs to prove as store of value based only on store of value before it can become used as a means of exchange is like saying the pavement has to be wet before it can start raining.
@_date: 2018-06-06 17:57:47
Every snowflake is unique, one-of-a-kind, the ultimate scarcity. Does that virtually guarantees monetary value?
Assuming provably scarce yet fungible, so eliminating one-of-a-kind items... Another example: A boulder broken into 50 pieces which can only be refitted together in one way, each numbered and photographed posted to a website. Provably scarce, monetary value?
No it is the degree of utility that these things have that make them valuable in relation to their scarcity. 
And don't confuse monetary value (can fetch a high market price) with value as *being* money. It's bitcoin's utility as money including scarcity which gives it value.
@_date: 2018-06-06 22:15:20
But my boulder is called Bitcoin, there are only 50 pieces. How are other boulders any different than the other cryptocurrencies? They do not increase the supply of my Bitcoin rocks.
The Bitcoin prices today like in all markets could be for any number of reasons. As far as money there is a regression aspect where future purchasing power is expected based past purchasing power, but as the money-ness of BTC drains away so will the contribution that demand for money had to to the price.
So which is more likely to increase? A Bitcoin that has use as money and speculation at a lower current price? Or a Bitcoin has use as speculation only with a higher current price?
@_date: 2018-06-06 16:33:05
Some problems here:
Minor: Bitcoin's supply is not fixed they are generated with every block (until approx 21million in 2140). And they can easily be destroyed through loss. The scarcity value comes from there being a predictable inflation schedule, not a fixed supply.
Major: Scarcity alone does not create monetary value. My nephews finger paintings are scarce and are not easy to produce in response to demand, does not make them valuable. Scarcity AND utility create value.
Bitcoin's value proposition is that it fulfills the role of digital sound money without a central authority.
@_date: 2017-10-03 22:16:00
Fiat money still gets stranger the more you think about it. Bitcoin goes the other way.
@_date: 2018-02-13 05:51:45
And if there's any company that understands decentralization it's Microsoft.