@_author: bergkampinthesheets
@_date: 2017-02-09 19:49:22






I am specifically talking about those who don't own bitcoin. If the critical majority of the existing rich class owned bitcoin, it would be legalized US tender already.






fair enough.
 






Wait I don't see the reasoning in what you're saying. If I own the controlling stake in a commodity's market, I would just play cycles of flooding the market to make money (because of the high value created by demand), and then buying low again (because now the supply is more) with said money.
When you say "limited supply commodity", you must also admit that this is not just because the total number of mine-able bitcoins is limited. In fact the more dominant contributing factor is that the early adopters create this limited supply through owning large chunks of it.
 






I mention again and again, that I am not discounting the fact that a decentralized currency is free from the vices of controlling interests like the govt. does with fiat money. I am saying that this decentralized nature is inherently the cause of bitcoin's instability. If bitcoin truly spread out in the world, then an unforeseen event (natural or artificial) in a country that has no trade relations whatsoever with US could instantaneously have an impact on US economy because of fluctuation caused in bitcoin valuation. If those who mined bitcoin early on just hold on to it for a long time, then they have the power to cripple US economy with a single large transaction that would be instantaneously booked.
 






What I am trying to say here is that when you're in this loop of "bitcoin is valuable because people value bitcoin", without it being backed by any entity, whether government or something else, then there is certainly greater chance of volatility by a major event compared to say govt. back the US$ through minting or through other means. 
pasting my comment from a different reply here to explain my point:




@_date: 2017-02-02 06:12:38




@_date: 2017-02-09 18:51:55


Being difficult to tax doesn't make it flawed by itself, but it doesn't make it the ideal currency either. But I disagree with you that the government incentivizes innovation - it won't do that at it's own cost. Bitcoin can change USA's ability to influence global economy - they would have a vested interest in keeping the $ the defacto and exclusive legal tender in the USA.


As of this point, it can go either way. There's enough vested interest in bitcoin that people would keep trying to improve the existing block chain size solution, but its speculation at this moment whether a universally accepted solution is going to come.


Since bitcoin is gaining popularity, the inherent value of bitcoin keeps increasing, even without any manipulation. This is because supply is limited. If the early adopters dump a massive amount of bitcoin to crash the market, the supply would increase. Lets say they bank the money obtained from selling the bitcoin and now use it to buy it again at the now lower price. This allows them to keep churning this cycle. Since you mention Coase's Theorem, I want to ask you how it could negate what I just described above?


Demand spikes don't occur just because of regines or devaluation of a fiat currency. Any natural or artificial event can cause a demand spike. But, the effects of that spike would be truly global and instantaneous. If bitcoin is the default global currency in the world, no government would be able to moderate it's valuation - no checks by the Securities exchange, no temporary ban or cap on trading, no pumping fiat currency on it's own since in the bitcoin utopia, they wouldn't exist.
 


The decentralized nature of bitcoin can be as much a flaw as a feature. There is literally nothing backing it up, the point is not about government backing only. Faith in bitcoin at this moment comes from its technological implementation - and till date there isn't any software that hasn't been hacked. - hacking is just one example of some external factor facing zero resistance to break bitcoin if there's no asset/power backing it.
Just as there are examples of governments and fiat currencies going bust, there are also examples of governments trying to stabilize the economy through controlling currency. In this scenario a government doesn't own this currency. USA right now has some resistance to effects of China or EU. In the bitcoin only world, USA has no direct control over stabilizing its own economy through its own currency.  
@_date: 2017-02-09 17:36:26
no seriously, I am telling you that I have a pretty good idea of how governments destroy value through currency manipulation and bad policy. I agree with you that bitcoin being devoid of that, would be a great equalizer. My point is that bitcoin in itself is still flawed even if it is independent of govt. influence.
@_date: 2017-02-09 17:41:09
hedging your bets is a good investment strategy - but that is independent of the nature of bitcoin itself. Since you are looking at this from an investment point of view, tell me this: I own 50 units of this commodity, and the rest of the world owns the other 50. There is no regulation stopping me from trading in large quantities. Would you not be scared that I will manipulate the global demand-supply for this commodity, and therefore all your educated speculation on it would be moot?
@_date: 2017-02-09 17:49:18
I don't know the technical implementation of other block chain technologies enough to see if they can solve the flaws of bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2017-02-09 17:44:21
you're talking about your admittedly great financial performance, I am talking about the nature of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-05 06:38:25
so he went to prison for selling fire crackers. If that's the worst thing you can find about him, its an endorsement rather than a take down. 
Also, why is this a TIL? Everything except the first two lines of the title is opinion and not fact. There's not source link either?
@_date: 2017-02-09 17:29:03
this is not a govt. supported money vs govt. independent currency thing, I am specifically talking about the current technological implementation of bitcoin as it exists today. 
Something that is not backed by / independent of the government could be flawed for other reasons too.
@_date: 2017-03-05 10:06:32
Yeah fireworks by themselves aren't considered risky and storing them is common in some countries outside of North America. You can buy or sell them openly off the street and burst them in private property without permission 
@_date: 2017-03-05 10:13:30
OP should have led with doxing using blockchain.info instead of fire crackers in a bitcoin sub along with a link like you mention. Also, just for full record, the doxing claims came because the doxed party refused to return a payment amount that was made in mistake by the guy in question - so maybe he wouldn't have done it if the technology could make it idiot/human error proof for making transactions? 
@_date: 2017-02-09 17:52:36
Yeah thats true, USD will fluctuate too, but history says that it will never fluctuate like bitcoin where it can double or halve its value in a matter of months.
I am not just saying bitcoin is risky, I am saying that the odds are always stacked against you.
@_date: 2016-11-26 17:24:38
from the article it seems its not a "legal common practice" but something FBI actively hides and their means is currently under debate? Is the evidence discovered using such means legally permissible? what if it could be proven that such information could only have been obtained by illicit means?
also, my original question is not about how it could be done, but about whether by design crypto-currency can be easily tracked, and ergo taxed? if not, wouldn't the govt. just make bitcoin and others illegal soon?
@_date: 2016-11-26 16:45:49
but does having a copy of the blockchain create sufficient information for taxation? i.e associating a person with an wallet address, knowing the nature of thing being transacted, knowing the bracket that a particular person falls in, considering all cypto currency wallets and other forms of cash?
@_date: 2016-11-26 17:52:55
I see what you mean, but lets say I am a govt. of a small country who wants to use crypto-currencies and digital currencies as the de-facto mode of value exchange. (owing to their various benefits over paper currencies). So is it too much effort/investment for me to pursue all users' financial transactions instead of just the big fish? Why would I implement such a system where inherently I am 1 step behind - wouldn't I only allow this on the condition that I can implement low cost systems that allow for me to easily tax everyone according to prevailing laws? Clearly, the accumulation of small tax avoidance instances will avalanche.
@_date: 2016-11-26 21:02:23
I see. Thank you for the comments. 
@_date: 2016-11-26 15:33:37
noob/stupid question: if your wallet address is unknown, how can IRS track your money for taxation? In a utopian world where all exchange of value happens directly or indirectly via crypto-currency, how would taxation work?
@_date: 2016-10-15 19:00:31
thats just ad model with option to be paid in bitcoin if i understood correctly. I mean it uses bitcoin as a currency, not necessarily as a feature.
@_date: 2016-10-15 13:51:46
does it boil down to cost of cloud service (or cost of electricity) vs value of bitcoin mined?
lol link has referral. you sly fox.
@_date: 2016-10-10 18:59:03
thank you so much! I had a followup question to what you said:


Won't it's value keep increasing because it becomes rarer? Or am I missing something here? I mean if I own a large amount of bitcoin and hoard it, won't it's value stay high because of scarcity?