@_author: berned-out
@_date: 2017-09-23 22:48:41
I think there's some confusion in this thread about residency vs citizenship. One person said they'd bought citizenship in 5 different countries so far. They'd have to be talking about residency, not citizenship, unless they're a woman having children in new countries to gain citizenship. But even then there's a cost and a process that requires a bit of time. Here's some links that are pretty informative. If you want citizenship in a country that has a passport with power, it's pricey as heck. 
 
@_date: 2017-09-23 22:37:56
ITT a lot of people are interchanging residency with citizenship. They are two different things. 
@_date: 2017-09-23 19:23:38
The only ppl I know who have done it have been nutty, lol. Like the types who claim tax is illegal and who actively evade taxes on that basis. 
@_date: 2017-09-23 22:36:50
A residence permit is different than citizenship, fyi. Citizenship is when you get the passport and all rights to being a citizen. 
@_date: 2017-09-23 20:24:57
I think maybe you misunderstood me. I said it was possible under the birth circumstances, which you linked to, " It is possible for a United States citizen to have dual citizenship; this can be achieved in various ways, such as by birth in the United States to a parent who is a citizen of a foreign country (or in certain circumstances the foreign nationality may be transmitted even by a grandparent,) by birth in another country to a parent(s) who is/are a United States citizen/s, or by having parents who are citizens of different countries. " That's what I said. No offense intended. All good. No I don't smoke crack. 
@_date: 2017-09-23 19:27:58
As I understand it, you can have dual citizenship, but it has to do with being born in another country to US citizens or vice versa. You can't just collect citizenship at will in other countries in order to become a dual citizen of the US and another nation. edit: I'm not saying US citizens don't buy citizenship papers, but is it legal? Not likely. If you want to "buy citizenship" in a country that doesn't have income tax, and claim you don't have to pay income tax or abide by US laws, you have to give up your US citizenship to be able to get away with that. I am pretty sure that's the primary intent of Clinton's move on dual citizenship. edit: you can buy citizenship in certain countries, but it's pretty damn expensive. not your average "bitcoin and a duffle bag" person. Millions. 
@_date: 2017-09-23 17:26:56
"No questions asked"?? Nope. Immigration laws, labor laws, travel visas, are all still a thing. Second citizenship (aside from birth situations) is not allowed for US citizens, fyi, since the Clinton administration. (You have to give up US citizenship, along with your SS and other citizenship rights if you wish to take on another citizenship.) Most countries allow an "investment" immigration, but it's a high price, at least a quarter mil for third world countries up to a million or more the more industrialized the nation. Otherwise, yeah, perpetual tourism is a thing, but not something bitcoin just recently made available. It's an age-old work-around for immigration for the lucky people who originate from countries where free travel is already allowed. There's a lot of countries that do not allow citizens to travel freely, no matter how badly you want it. Additionally, "residency", which is legal immigration, also costs money, verifiable bank accounts,verifiable income, almost always. But hey if you don't want to carry cash or credit cards, bitcoin might get you through perpetual tourism living. edit: I get the draw of the idea, really. But there hasn't been such a reality since BEFORE computerization, when counterfeit documents could be bought and used, bank accounts were not electronically documented, before fingerprinting and all that jazz. Those days, yeah, they're gone, and bitcoin hasn't brought them back. 
