@_author: bestofluck12
@_date: 2013-12-14 18:46:51
Hey, thanks so much for doing this.  I can't click on that link from this computer, but also just wanted to drop some advice since the reddit advice from your last post was terrible (IMHO).  I am assuming that the best outcome would be getting some type of a job offer?  Well they are unlikely to offer you a job on the spot, but your best bet is that they are impressed by your professionalism, knowledge, and intelligence.  Then if an entry level position does open up, hopefully they think of you and let you interview for it.  Assuming that is the objective, here is my advice (my background is that I have worked in finance for 7 years, so obviously not retail banking--but I think it applies).
1.  Do not ask for money.  Makes you appear super desperate and they probably didn't intend to pay you unless they do so without asking.  At most you get what, 100 bucks and completely kill your opportunity?
2.  Dress professionally (I would probably go business casual, but no less).  Make sure you are comfortable but no jeans for sure.
3.  Do not make any comments that make you appear unprofessional or unethical in any way.  Be careful with any mentions of silk road or illegal activity.  Best to paint that as negative attacks by misinformed journalists.
4.  Make sure you highlight the fact that bitcoin is still very high risk.  Mega potential and opportunity to risk, but still significant uncertainty (political regulatory, etc.).
5.  Include your name and email (if not other contact info) on the first slide.  Offer to email them the slides at some point (end is probably best).  They will probably accept and will likely send a follow-up at some pt to thank you.  That is your opportunity to thank them for the opportunity and mention that you would appreciate an opportunity to interview for any entry level job positions.  You can attach your resume to that email.
Best of luck!  In my mind, the best case is that they are impressed by you personally, bitcoin is really secondary here.  The main thing is to make yourself look good and give yourself the best chance of a follow-up. 