@_author: bestmaleperformance
@_date: 2018-02-03 01:27:57


Because the masses are fucking idiots and while this may be hard to believe for all the conspiracy theorists that also flock to bitcoin, these laws are important because they help keep dumb people from blowing their entire savings on something with a 99% chance of failure. 
Look at bitconnect, or even bitcoin itself, do you know how many fucking morons have blown their life savings buying scams, or buying bubbles? and yes the money is GONE because they panic sold for pennies so it won't matter what bitcoin goes to. 
Idiots are safer in the stock and real estate markets, it's not some grand conspiracy to keep people poor, it's to keep poor people from  becoming poorer and needing to go on public assistance. Lottery tickets may be a scam and a tax on the poor, but very few people lose everything playing lotto, but get rich quick scams destroy lives daily. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 21:09:50
Again, $100 MLM scams aren't the same thing as people telling you to cash out your retirement, take out a second mortgage, borrow from friends and family because if you had put $50,000 in a few months ago it would be worth $150,000 today, don't miss your chance to be worth a million dollars by the end of 2018!! Losing a few hundred bucks having shit products in your garage no one wants won't make you commit suicide or ruin your life. 
Crypto is toxic for the masses right now thanks to scammers and idiots pitching it as get rich quick instead of its intended use. 
The masses are needed to make crypto work as a true CURRENCY, but it will never be a currency if it is not a store of wealth. All the masses will hear about in the coming couple of years is how many people were wiped out by crypto. 
People here can talk shit about the banks and fiat until they are blue in the face, but normal people understand their bank account is worth the same today as it was yesterday or ten years ago, and if crypto is going to turn your $100 into $30 overnight, no regular people will use it to make purchases and store wealth. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 19:53:40
No it isn't for a warehouse worker or anyone else with a low mental capacity job, these people aren't entrepreneurs trapped in labor jobs, they expect to do this work for their entire lives and are very susceptible to get rich scams. 
Their best path, as for most people is get rich slow, live frugal, work extra hours, take side jobs, invest in long term stable investments, but as we know 75% of them don't invest anything, they always live check to check. 
These laws keep the 75% looking for a lottery ticket from blowing everything they have and putting themselves in even worse situations. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 02:33:30
Well basically everyone in the western world has access to all the worlds information thanks to the internet so why don't we stop blaming the illuminati or the educational system and start asking why people don't educate themselves?
It's a choice, I grew up dirt poor, I could have chosen to be a piece of shit my entire life like many of the people I grew up with and accomplish nothing, or figure some shit out. 
Knowledge has always been available to those who seek it, it's time to stop feeling bad for those who chose to make poor decisions. TV is used the way it is because that's what the idiot masses want. There used to be a few smart channels, like History, which still wasn't able to survive by teaching, so it now airs dumb ass reality shows and bullshit about aliens 24/7.
You can use youtube or reddit to become smarter or dumber, most people choose dumber. 
So either you want people to have free will to direct their life how they want, or we could use force to make people learn multiple languages, understand finance, understand discipline, etc. 