@_author: best4lifemlm
@_date: 2017-05-25 13:38:15
wow,  I appreciate this, let me check it out.
Thank you so much.
Warm greetings,
@_date: 2017-05-16 08:26:10
With all you have said, there is no two way about this, someone has either access to your computer or phone and knows your password. It could be a close relation, it could be a friend or better still a hacker. Hackers do have a lot of ways to manipulate, just need to be wise in all aspect. If you carryout transactions through the Internet especially with bitcoin which has been the cause of rise in hacking, you must learn a lot of tactics that the underworld criminals use to steal from you. 
It could be that you have previously downloaded a malware, virus file or even clicked a website that is infected without your knowledge. This is a very easy way the devil can manipulate in other to gain access to your email, phone and PC. These days the most and fast means of exploit is the smart phone. 
It happened to me few months ago, I visited a site that was infected with a dangerous virus. My AVG anti virus warned me but I didn't adhere. After few hours l noticed my computer was slow, even after cleaning history, cache and cookies it remained the same. There was a bitcoin transaction to be made, once I copied and paste the wallet address that was supposed to receive the bitcoin in my coinbase account, a different wallet address was pasted. What helps me most is that during transactions I make sure  everything is checked repeatedly before hitting the button. After checking, there were no more doubts that the devil has gained access to my PC. I immediately uninstalled my electron wallet and started reinstalling my entire system to a new one, without wasting time all my email passwords and password management application password were changed. And that saved me.
One other you need tovknow is that hackers are constantly scanning, monitoring and analysing cryptocurrency sites to gather user info, check loopholes and strategy they can use to wither exploit the site or get access to members PC. Their sole aim is to steal from you and render you hopless useless and destroyed.
You just have to be wise!