@_author: betaduke
@_date: 2014-07-25 16:29:52
The search feature (Because of the awful labeling) is just as terrible and unusable.
-If you are feeling nice, try reporting search issues to them. They actually release constant search updates based on what they find and user feedback. So your feedback may help make it better for everyone. Just email support with examples of problems you've encountered.
There is no app available on the iPhone, you have to use the HTML5 site which is buggy and slow.
-If you have issues with HTML5, email their support team (support It has been reported by them that the HTML5 site should work properly and not be "buggy", but if you have trouble, they are quick to check it out and try to resolve the issue. The only real limitation for HTML5 is the browser limitation which can cause the connection to stop when you turn the screen off or switch out of the browser app, on some devices. It will continue playing for broadcast and their developers are actively trying to find a work around to this browser limitation for normal playback as well. 
The web app is still in development though, so playlist creation/edit/deletion is not available and I can see how that can be a big bummer.
The App you can get with the jailbroken phone works OK, but is held back for the above reasons.
-Their mobile teams are currently working on updates to the Android and iOS app. You could always send feedback to support on what you dislike about the app and what they could do to make the experience more enjoyable.
There are no friends/playlist sharing/discovery options. 
-You can search for friends by display name - username - email and follow them, but agreed, they could improve on finding friends in general. 
Use the share options to share songs/albums/artists/playlists on social media and directly through Grooveshark. You can also search for playlists by title, but it'd be nice to be able to search by genre, song or artist. 
Broadcast can be pretty cool for finding new music. There are multiple indie rock broadcasts, if you haven't already checked them out ( 
I respect your experience and opinion, but if Grooveshark is something you are interested in consider reaching out to them to help improve the product for your enjoyment as well. Again, they are reachable at support