@_author: betheproblem
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:35:03
Eh... bought me through college. Good enough.
@_date: 2018-01-17 05:48:47
Yeah, about the first thing I say to anything about bitcoin is  basically "yeah, might be double or worthless tomorrow, unless you're interested in the technology behind it or some super risky shit just stick to index funds". 
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:15:34
Yeah, honestly, I've been following this shit since it was $1 and it's quite common for a prolonged slow collapse after an all time high. We've seen those last many months and it's far from guaranteed to see a recovery unless you can guarantee a bigger idiot.  
@_date: 2018-01-22 15:13:19
This is based on a bullshit extrapolation, not any actual data, not any real sense of the market cap reaching values that would put it above gold and many countries... Fluff piece at best.
@_date: 2017-12-06 05:09:00
Nailed it. Used to have hundred of coins, slowly sold bits and pieces, bought stuff, gambled, paid for college and rent... always kept a few around, but the price was bouncy enough that I didn't think much of it... at current value I've spent millions of dollars worth at this point, probably more than I will earn in my lifetime and my holdings are an absolute pittance compared to that, under 5 BTC remain. I'm actually at the point where I kind of hope the price goes down out of jealousy, but I'm mostly just ambivalent about it - I took a healthy profit, many, many times what I put in, but the possibilities still sting.
@_date: 2017-03-20 21:14:17
Depends - yes and no. 
As Bitcoin is a distributed network they'd basically have to force ISPs to block access to Bitcoin nodes via deep packet inspection. 
You could of course do various things to get around this like use a VPN, Tor, etc - but governments who are serious about this kind of thing like China already have some level of protection there with a moderate degree of success. The absolutely determined can still get around it via Tor bridges, obfuscating proxies, buying out of country servers, etc, but casual individuals and those who don't want to take legal risk won't bother. 
Of course, a more likely way to attack a cryptocurrency isn't through the blockchain, software or networks at all - it's simply by putting pressure on the exchanges and banks who work with them. Exchanges can't trade cash for cryptocurrencies and you're left holding the bag. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 21:24:05


I don't think so - governments who want to restrict things will restrict them to some degree, absolutely determined people will continue to fight and bypass them to some degree. It might play a role if there's a government that has a serious conflict about wanting to keep Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies around but ditch things on a given blockchain - but I don't think there's too many who are thinking like that. Typically countries who want to ban speech of some form want to ban it much more than they want to keep its side effects.
It might raise some seriously interesting questions about copyright and various other laws restricting distribution of digital data though - what happens if someone else posts copyrighted material in the blockchain - the nature of a blockchain makes it extremely difficult to comply with a takedown for such material.
@_date: 2017-03-10 21:25:49
The ETF would have been a shortcut to much higher value - easy exposure to capital of many - now that opportunity is gone for the foreseeable future.
It's no secret that most of bitcoin's value isn't people who need to hold it to spend it, but people who are speculating, some of its speculative value has decreased for now, so its price should be expected to decrease somewhat at least. If you're in it for the long haul, go ahead and hold out - but those who were trying to make a quick buck at the ETF approval will cash out now and I don't blame either party.
@_date: 2017-05-21 02:22:59
Some do interesting things, like ZCash with cryprographically anonymous transactions, Sia with file storage, Namecoin with names, etc. These I can see as being very valuable as they provide things which bitcoin does not. Those which do not and simply provide another currency are pretty much crap. 
@_date: 2016-05-06 16:17:35
At least give someone comparable - how about our own Ponzi king,  pirateat40? At one point he had control of 7% of the Bitcoin in existence. 
Wright is no Madoff, he's not asking for money, he's just an idiot making an ass out of himself in public.
@_date: 2017-07-27 04:57:43
That was posted after the arrest and the US has not mentioned any seizure of funds. So it appears there are remaining btc-e admins and they do have access to funds still. The question now becomes - will they take the money and run or are they moving the site to new servers, changing keys changing wallets, etc to bring it back up in a way that the guy who got arrested will have no access to it. 
My bet is on take the money and run, it's what I'd do, but it's still an open question.  And I really hope they do come back, lots of people with money tied up there and having a Pirate Bay of bitcoin exchanges would be hilarious. 
EDIT: As much as I'd hoped this would be the case, according to the indictment, servers were hosted in the US (page 6 article 20) and likely seized. Odds of recovery at this point I'd say are slim to none. Even if someone in Russia is able to spin the site up again, it's quite possible that they won't have coins in the hotwallet, which would make a huge mess to say the least.
@_date: 2017-07-27 05:45:06
Yup, I had a few grand in Liberty Reserve when they whacked that too.
Stuff like ZCash and peer-to-peer exchanges, even just between cryptocurrencies will probably make this a thing of the past though. Cryptocurrencies have made money laundering technologically impossible to trace and it's only a matter of time before that starts to become a real problem...
@_date: 2017-07-27 21:02:38
Blockchain.info is not an exchange, they're a client-side encrypted web wallet, so you control the keys still  - the only decent kind of web wallet, meaning that they can't do this on behalf of customers. It would be really sweet if they could generate the split transactions client-side too though.
@_date: 2017-07-25 20:53:03
Safest bet right now seems like is just hold the coins in an address that you control the private key to, wait for trustworthy tools that will do proper split transactions for you and for the community to verify these are working correctly. 
@_date: 2017-07-30 21:35:52
Does every news story about Russia get the exact same picture of Putin? 
@_date: 2017-06-15 21:12:09


You don't know that. 
Governments could outlaw Bitcoin in large part tomorrow by attacking exchanges, which would crash its trading value with other currencies almost immediately - and certainly long term. Or a quantum computing revolution could break its crypto so fundamentally that we're years away from another viable way to do the same thing. 
Yes, it has a non-zero value, but saying that its value will always go up long-term is nowhere near guaranteed. 