@_author: bewaterch
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:43:27
I'm note sure about all the regulations concerning market manipulation, maybe someone with more knowledge could chime in? It seems to me that direct manipulation (if it is illegal) would be quite dangerous for any major player (since coins movements can be followed).
I'm not too sure about the huge swings; the increased market exposure should increase the liquidity a lot, which would actually make it a lot harder to move the price.
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:49:50
You're absolutely right, the risk of getting squeezed out of a short/long-position is very high with an underlying asset as volatile as Bitcoin (unless you're sitting on sufficient cash to keep your position from being liquidated; but then again: "The market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent.")
@_date: 2017-12-07 09:04:42
I guess that's kind of what people are worried about... that the main reason behind this (extended) bull run is the big players loading up on coins meant to be used to push the price down.
Didn't know about the specific expiry date, still, that would make a flash-crash only more likely since there'll be a lot of people with a strong interest to push the market down at this specific point in time.
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:41:14
I just posted this yesterday, a Swiss bank launched two Short Futures on BTC; 
They've both hit their stop-loss-level and been delisted by now though... 
@_date: 2017-12-07 09:44:43
Sure, manipulation will occur around the expiry dates, not when the futures first get issued. I have no clue; However, CBOE seems to publish market statistics (  ), I'm sure they'll also include stats on the BTC futures. (or XBT, as they call it)
@_date: 2017-12-07 08:57:40
Unfortunately, Vontobel doesn't disclose trade volumes. If someone's interested, on  all the trades can be found (i guess a screen scraping pro could get the total volume out of this page)
@_date: 2017-12-07 12:03:22
I was talking about Bitcoin Futures listed at options exchanges; both of these things are clearly subjects to heavy regulation. Bitcoin is just the underlining asset. Of course, speculations concerning the price of an underlining asset (which futures are) also have a direct impact on the assets price.
That's what creating BTC Futures is all about: Allowing the 'traditional' financial system to speculate on Bitcoins value. This is not necessarily a good thing, but it has nothing to do with what Bitcoin is or can be used for and it won't destroy any of the new features BTC brought to the table.
I have to agree with you that increased liquidity could make markets crash harder; Right now, exchanges still seem to be struggling with the load of heavy spikes (up or down) and thus slow down any panic selling.
@_date: 2017-12-07 11:12:18
You go long (hold the coins) but at the same time you want some level of insurance; that you'd still get something if the market crashed (for whatever reason; satoshi liquidates his BTC, quantum computers allow the deduction of private keys from public ones, ...) so you also go short with part of your funds (usually with a break-even-point far below the current price).
Hit up investopedia if you want more information on hedging strategies: 
@_date: 2014-02-10 21:55:11
Welcome to r/Bitcoin!
If you're from the US I'd suggest coinbase.com, either directly through you bank account or by using a VISA card.
btc-e.com is another site to consider, they accept both Mastercard and VISA.
Depending on where you're from you may also find some good offers on localbitcoins.com. If you insist on using your credit card: Use it to withdraw some cash to pay the coins with ;)
is4k has two very valid points:
* using a credit card will cost you a lot in transaction fees
* storing your coins in a secure way is definitely something to look into.
edit: formatting