@_author: bewareofcoinbase
@_date: 2015-08-25 08:31:34
what exactly are 'those costs' - that seems to be the general response, people speculate that its 'less secure' or 'more costs' yet no one has been able to give a concrete answer on to why this is the case...  The benefits of lowering the interblock time create a more consumer / merchant friendly bitcoin, and assist in reducing the block size limit issues we're facing...
@_date: 2015-08-25 08:11:52
I've heard that before, but I don't really understand how it would lower security that much.  With the larger more centralized pools and current distribution, its simple statistics, it doesn't really change the probability of a 51% attack anymore than it already exists...
Also, if you transaction times are shorter by 5 minutes, you would see a reduction of the block size.  I mean I'm not saying that you shouldn't increase the size, but there are some other issues this helps to address. 
As for the comment on litecoin, the only thing litecoin had worth of any value was the fact it was branded as an ASIC resistant coin, until an ASIC was developed and litecoin decided not to do a hard fork...  Litecoin killed itself by not maintaining a unique stance.
@_date: 2015-08-24 23:36:49
I represent a large private mining firm we represent about 4% of the total mining power. I disagree with this solution.  The better more logical solutions is to halve the difficulty and halve the rewards for miners.  This would not only solve the current size limitation issue, but we could adjust the block generating time to an average of 5 minutes instead of 10, speeding up the network as well and decreasing bandwidth requirements for miners...   It also helps to address issues with bitcoin being used as a POS system, reducing long wait times and could see a small revitalization of smaller pools...
If the issue comes up again, the same process could be done again, until the average block time is down to around 1 minute transactions... It seems more radical but its the better more logical transitions that could make bitcoin more viable.
Has anyone else considered this?