@_author: beyourownbankwithbtc
@_date: 2014-08-03 21:30:48
Totally.  It's downright deceitful of them, and that is the issue as to why they should not be trusted.
@_date: 2014-08-08 11:35:37
Read up on how Bitcoin has the potential to seriously disrupt the global forex market, remittances, debit/payment cards, &amp; how Bitcoin provides an escape route for those facing hyperinflation of their fiat currency or compulsory bailouts of fiat from their savings, etc.
Then be patient.  If you are using Bitcoin as a speculator, be aware that Bitcoin speculation is not for the fainthearted, and you have to take the long view, i.e. where might Bitcoin be in 5 years time?
Anyway, as others have said, Bitcoin has made money for all kinds of people over the past year.
Bitcoin is also gradually making a difference in important ways that go beyond whether speculative investors make money.
P.S. If you want to bailout of Bitcoin, I'll buy your bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-07-30 11:16:02
If or when mainstream adoption arrives, then Bitcoin will be used as a payment rail not as an investment.  And it's very plausible that that's a 'when', not an 'if'.
When the market cap of Bitcoin has grown sufficiently, and there is enough liquidity, then the price will stabilise.
The problem with services offering stability now is that the stability is very artificial.
Bitcoin suffered a huge hit when the MT Gox scandal broke.  If a service that holds Bitcoin on trust for it's users goes the same way as Gox, that will only harm Bitcoin's reputation further and mean mainstream adoption will be pushed further into the future.
We need mainstream adoption in order for Bitcoin to become stable and become widely used as a payment rail not an investment.
I'm just worried about the bad press if a service like this goes bust and once again people lose their bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-08-08 21:31:09
Bitcoin has already exceeded such an increase.  In early 2010 a single bitcoin was worth less than 1 cent.  Earlier this year a bitcoin was exchangeable for around 800 USD, although it has dropped back again to around 600 USD at present.  
Could Bitcoin increase by such levels again?  Well, worst case scenario is that it might collapse to nothing or next to nothing.  But a very plausible case can be made for what Bitcoin could be worth based upon its disruptive potential.  Just look at the size of the forex market - if Bitcoin captures a fraction of that its value could soar.
@_date: 2014-07-29 20:07:17
Bitcoin related services like this are a risky idea and countrary to the whole idea of Bitcoin.
Remember that the whole idea of Bitcoin is that you can be your own bank.  You don't need to trust someone else to look after your bitcoins for you.
The only way your bitcoins are safe is if they are in addresses that only you have the necessary private keys for.
Otherwise - you don't really own any bitcoins, you are just trusting some other party to hand over the bitcoins you 'own' at some point in the future.  Which they might not be able to do if they go bust or get hacked, etc.
I really don't like the idea of re-introducing trust when Bitcoin can eliminate the need for this.