@_author: bfxfuckup
@_date: 2016-08-05 22:29:52
I am also a margin funding provider too and I am located in the west coast of the US. From what I see, Bitfinex is just playing delay tactics, not showing intention to take responsibility in any loss and putting a clown to entertain us by answering trivial questions here, leaving out the important ones. Please keep us informed on your plan to pursue this further, in case Bitfinex do not compensate our loss due to their huge negligence. Thanks.
@_date: 2016-08-06 04:33:30
I found this on Pastebin: 
Summing up the total number of coins gives 119756.62032288 BTC.
It looks like these are the coins "stolen".
@_date: 2016-08-09 02:32:58
Can't agree more. A good portion of Bitfinex should go to all creditors to settle this. Otherwise, I would rather see them go in jail. Essentially, they are playing luck in issuing these shitcoins and hope that they can buy them back for cents on each dollar. It is an outright SCAM if they can't clearly state what % of Bitfinex each token represent. Everyone will just withdraw the remaining funds and leave, and the shitcoins will be worth $0.
@_date: 2016-08-05 20:36:34
I am not even agreeing that certain group(s) of people should share the loss, so it doesn't matter what type of currency/cryptocurrency was stolen. All crypto-currencies deposited into their designated addresses are under their control and become their liability to customers. Had the theft occur in ETC or when the amount is much smaller, guess what they will do? They will just suck it up and not think about how they "lean to" socialize the loss, as in all previous thefts due to their security problems. This time it has no difference.
@_date: 2016-08-05 15:20:39
All BTC holders and related USD creditors take a haircut and then business as usual? This is not going to happen. Either Bitfinex is taking the loss or Bitfinex is out of business. It is that simple.
@_date: 2016-08-08 06:46:52
If you seriously want your clients, who entrusted their money on your platform, to see the day their money come out of water, you should clearly state a good percentage of Bitfinex you are going to give to the creditors, and not just issue a shitcoin that may be traded, sent elsewhere (seriously?!), or possibly converted to Bitfinex shares in the future. When people see this meaningless tokens tank to cents for each dollar, they are going to say it's an outright scam and report to regulators.
I think your whole team lack financial sense. It was first your foolishness (or insider exit scam) to lose the coins, and now not willing to timely set forth an adequate amount of equity to compensate creditors. If you can't cut a good portion of Bitfinex to gain enough support for people to keep trading on the platform, you are AS GOOD AS DEAD. I doubt people will be even able to withdraw once the complaints to the regulators set forth and cause them to seize the site. You guys will possibly live the rest of your lives looking over your shoulders and most likely go to jail for all the market manipulations you did!
@_date: 2016-08-05 00:37:20
They can call it "socialize" or whatever, but I would expect them to take up this loss and put credit in our accounts for the commission fee. Otherwise, I don't think they can still operate. Creditors will sue them for illegally allocating funds when they are insolvent. There has to be a transfer of their equity to cover up the loss of all BTC holders and creditors. It is not up to them to decide without going through bankruptcy.
@_date: 2016-08-07 00:02:24
I have no idea what the angry people here are thinking. As long as there is enough transparency in calculating the 36% haircut, it would be the best to settle by accepting the BFX tokens and move on. Bragging for insolvency is not going to bring a better outcome, with the long wait and attorneys eating through the remaining asset. Especially for those altcoin holders, do you really want to hold things like ETH/ETC on their book while the bankruptcy procedure proceeds?! I bet the yearly volatility you will experience would be much more than 36%!
One way Bitfinex can proceed is to draft an agreement to see if enough people will settle with the BFX tokens, while the remaining will get back what they were owed completely. If enough people will settle with a 36% haircut and tokens, then technically Bitfinex is not insolvent. But for this to happen, the proposed compensation by these BFX tokens should be attractive enough so that enough people agree to hang on and keep trading. After all, all creditors and depositors who agree to hang on are like white knights. I do believe a crypto-currency exchange like Bitfinex is lucrative and many people want to own some shares of its future profit and see the community grow. That to me is the best settlement and investment opportunity.
@_date: 2016-08-05 01:16:42
They can do whatever they want as long as they make us whole, even though it would take a while whoever know how long. But simply issuing some coins that will give future profits they make is not enough. It has to be more directly, like converting the loss to some tokens that can be used for paying commission fees. That way people can choose whether they want to continue trading and make up the loss in the saving of commission fees, or they want to sell them to other users at a discount/haircut so they can withdraw funds quickly.
@_date: 2016-08-06 16:33:31
Can you please clarify on how this 36.067% haircut works for people who bought BTC on margin? Suppose one put 3 BTC into his trading account and borrowed funds to buy 7 BTC more. Then assuming no profit/loss in his position, after this ~36% haircut, the 10 BTC would become around 6.4 BTC, which makes his total asset around -0.6 BTC. Is this how you would calculate? If instead you just do the haircut on his 3 BTC, and also put the same 36% haircut on his creditor. How would this be fair? Also notice if one had 10 BTC in his exchange account and did no do margin trading, he would have around 3.6 BTC of loss according to the haircut. How is it fair if 2 people both took up 10 BTC of risk but experience different loss? Thanks for your explanation.
@_date: 2016-08-11 08:00:06
Already logged on and sold all the BFX shitcoins and withdrew all my BTC. Now calculating my loss according to their forced conversion in terms of USD. I am fucking suing them for illegally securitizing debts when they are insolvent!
@_date: 2016-08-05 00:47:20
The deposit box analogy is not correct. You only hold what you own in your deposit box. But the BTC balances in the so called "segregated" addresses were only rebalanced once in a while. The only thing that matters is who has the control of the keys and should be responsible for the loss of contents.
@_date: 2016-08-04 21:20:39
If they are out such a huge amount, I have no doubt that they are bankrupt. They just can't even answer this simple question: What is the percentage of total bitcoin holding they have lost. I think a reasonable thing they could do is to convert the loss into some tradable tokens that can be used as commission fees for trading, which are tradable between other users who have the hurry to cash out, and that they will eventually buy back. Without anything to account for the loss, bankruptcy will ensue.
@_date: 2016-08-06 04:02:43
Tomorrow in EST is suddenly 24 hours away again. Now you can try to work things out and make an announcement later today!