@_author: bguy74
@_date: 2017-12-21 11:31:38
I agree in one sense, but...not so much overall.
Coinbase clearly fills a need in the ecosystem - consumers obviously want it and without it and equivalents bitcoin would be less successful.  
the problem here is bitcoin failing to deliver on its promise, having coherency and alignment to that promise within the community. 
you're blaming the band-aid for the wound.
@_date: 2017-12-03 05:11:14
Thinking that brackets define actual effective tax brackets misses most of the other 499 pages that you clearly read.
@_date: 2017-12-01 16:51:49
I switched to 75% ETH and 15% BTC and the rest a bunch of garbage (I didn't call that 10% garbage at one point) about a year ago.
As for "all in", crypto is only a slice of my portfolio, and not a slice I expect/need/plan on having return. Unless you're 17 and investing paperroute money, being "all in" strikes as very unwise!  It's the gravy fund - high risk, high reward, high likelihood of loss.  So far it's outperforming expectations, needless to say.   We'll see how it unfolds.
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:12:43
charts use information that exists, not information that doesn't.  cointoss, as I said.
@_date: 2017-03-10 18:42:06
no you don't.  you might win the coin toss, but you don't know jack diddly.
@_date: 2017-03-11 01:02:09
Perhaps that is true. Must be a communication problem, because it seemed like you said earlier that the charts indicated the SEC was going to reject the ETF.  Which, had you said that, would have been total bullshit.  So...help me out here, what was it you _were_ talking about?
@_date: 2017-03-10 22:28:02
what you _think_ is irrelevant.  charts are the result of human behavior.  if those humans didn't know the outcome - e.g. if they didn't have secret information, insider information and then trade in such large volumes to determine the patterns - then then pricing of btc is based on ignorance with regards to the outcome. 
If the charts were actually predictive then the efficient market hypothesis demands that the price already included the information you had.  And...you'll have to convince me that the efficiency market hypothesis isn't only wrong, but that's absurdly wrong.  You're not going to do that.
@_date: 2017-03-10 19:37:58
Yes.  I do know with 100% certainty that I do not know.  
I'm a bit lost as to how you think that you saying "i know the outcome" is somehow equivalent to me saying "i don't know the outcome".
@_date: 2017-01-06 04:17:20
if you are looking to try to reap the reward provided by volatility....this is your jam.
@_date: 2017-08-01 14:55:11
We're looking for a metaphor to describe a wallet to a laymen here...  Given how most people interact with their wallets - especially new people - I don't think there is much utility in broaching key management and the like.
@_date: 2017-03-10 17:54:09
Either this is high ignorance or the poorest attempt at manipulation the world has ever seen.
@_date: 2017-08-01 13:53:21
The modern wallet holds debit cards.  The wallet for bitcoin is like a super-secure debit card - it allows you and only you (or whomever has your wallet) to get at your coins.
@_date: 2017-11-14 23:57:50
When you say "Not bad" for your 5 hour $2 transaction, I can only assume an implicit "compared to $20".  It is in fact pretty darn bad.  This means that you certainly can't use BTC to transact in real time (e.g. in a store, exchange of goods) it means you can't use it all for small dollar items (fees consume to much of the transaction value overall).  
The average transaction fees are what they are - they ignore all your counterpoint - they aren't from coinbase.  And..yes, they do use higher than some other fees, but you see this as using them "higher than the need to be", but the alternative is that they need speed of transaction and find that they are willing to pay for it.  I'm sure its a bit of both, but it doesn't really matter since the fees never get into a range that makes BTC sustainable as a means of real world transactions for anything that isn't massive amounts.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:52:18
you need to get in touch with reality
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:49:36
it doesn't matter which of my holdings we're talking about, you're still pulling this out of your ass.
@_date: 2015-04-24 16:54:05
Maybe you do.  However, my suggestion was simply that saying the concept of "offline wallet" is most secure omits a critical element of digital security - dataloss.  
A single use private key is not a new approach, but...seems like a reasonable one.
I'm certainly not suggesting that it's less secure than cash.  I'm saying that your position in your chart of "offline wallet" as the most secure needs some serious explanation because it appears on face to be based on the idea that the network is the source of insecurity.  Your chart is not about YOUR wallet, its about the security of different models.  You HAVE to talk about backups to address data LOSS, rather than isolation to address data theft.
Notably, you're right...you HAVE to backup an offline wallet.  And...you are are being unclear and misleading to not include that backup strategy in the story about your security.  That "safe place" must be safe - the security of your strategy is equivalent to its weakest link and if your suggest is "keep a safe backup", then...you can't making any claims to the security of your solution.
@_date: 2015-04-02 00:19:56
Fuck yes.  I used to - no fucking joke - email jerry yang at yahoo and say "you missed this site in your index".  he'd email back and say "thanks".  
LONG LIVE THE BLINK TAG.
@_date: 2017-05-31 03:43:03
no, the contract requires eth.  users can just use an application, and said application can use blockchain.  yours is the narrow view ;)  
For example, i might create a distributed photo storage system and charge people $15/month to their visa.  I might _store_ the stuff on ETH and StorJ but the user doesn't need a lick of ETH to use my service.  I might _want_ to create services that require parties to be sending ETH, but I might not.  
This is another use-case (and in the real world) that sits atop ethereum, but users don't hold ETH directly.  
@_date: 2015-03-18 23:55:56
I like this - pretty thoughtful and I agree that ease-of-use is of paramount concern and that there is always tension between security and ease of use.  
I'd like to see that upper left "offline wallet" removed or be articulated in a more nuanced fashion.  This placement suggests that being off the network makes something secure, which suggests you / the author think of security in terms of data theft, not in terms of _data loss_.  (E.G. this analysis applied to real money might suggest that cash in my pocket is more secure than cash in my bank).
I also think you straw-man the online wallets with regards to ease of use.  Integrated payment capabilities and software+cloudstorage hybrid make cloud wallets as easy to use as software.
@_date: 2015-03-31 01:12:05
and diamonds are forever.  
@_date: 2015-03-12 23:53:30
I meant to say "deflationary", but "not inflationary" would have done the trick to ;)  What I definitely did NOT mean to say is "inflationary" !
@_date: 2015-03-30 20:15:01
Investing based on some intelligence you may think you have into the demise of the stock market from historical returns is perhaps one of the few investment strategies that is a riskier strategy than investing in bitcoin.  It's vastly more likely that there will be cyclical corrections than that we'll see the end of long term, viable returns on a well diversified portfolio.  It could happen, but...put a bunch of smart investors in a room and have them talk about bitcoin vs. equities and your sentiment will be laughed out of the room.
I'm really excited about bitcoin and I have very significant holdings going back to the near start - some from mining and much from acquisition (and trade) in the sub $5 range.  I've continued to accumulate coins to this date and continue to plan to do so.  However, I can afford to make risky and speculative investments that include BTC, angel investing and other things that have fairly crazy risk/reward profiles.
Pretending that bitcoin is somehow more likely to generate reliable return than equities over a long horizon is an absurd foundation to an investment strategy.  You can make that gamble, and you can even back it up with some ideas.  However...not understanding the risk is foolish.  Similarly, speculating that something beyond a correction - or even a major correction is going to hit the equities is proportionally is similarly a high-risk proposition.  Again, you can create scenarios, but...banking on those scenarios is risky and certainly not how the best (or even the typical) investment advisers are designing their strategies.
@_date: 2017-05-31 02:48:02
Again...the lack of trust / faith is a _major problem_.  Just look at the capital flowing into ETH based applications compared to those flowing into rootstock - it's gotta be 100 to 1.  
@_date: 2017-05-31 09:38:19
can people stop saying this please?
@_date: 2015-03-18 16:34:03
This is like saying a real-estate investor is dumb for not putting their money into semi-conductors.  Buffet has a particular investment style and it _does not_ include highly speculative, super-high-risk investments.  Further, he invests in companies and management teams.  
Perhaps equally important - and perhaps something that will get flamed here - is that if BitCoin is to be wildly successful in the future it will likely be _because_ of these institutions, not in spite of them.  Sure, some blood may be spilled, but...we should all be happy when these four jump in and embrace bitcoin, it will not be a sign of its success, it will be the reason we look back and call it a success.  If these institutions decide to line up _against_ bitcoin, then...bitcoins future is pretty dim.  
At the moment we are in a phase where the highly-speculative, hugely-interested-in-risk money is pouring into bitcoin.  This is the farm league, the batting cages, maybe it's middle-school elite.  If bitcoin proves itself, it may graduate.
@_date: 2017-05-31 15:27:23
That does not mean it is infinite, and the website you point us to here says exactly and precisely that Ether is not infinite.  And...while the website doesn't actually say it's not a store of value, it is very clear that it has - unlike bitcoin - value in its utility, as well as because of its commodity value (supply/demand).
@_date: 2017-05-31 03:38:02
Damn!  I had my reddit armor on, and you were just being curious!  Sorry.  
Well..I did enjoy mining, but managing hardware on the scale it now requires is beyond the "hobby" scale. Plus, I'm more of an app / user centered type of person and spend my work hours trying to build stuff for _users_ - thats just what is fun, interesting and something i like to think I'm good at!  So...thats why :)  (and probably explains my interest in the ETH model as well)
@_date: 2015-03-12 23:53:02
I totally mean this, yes.  
@_date: 2015-03-09 03:07:55
Firstly, and as somewhat of an aside to my suggestion, I hate that I have to "buy bitcoin".  This makes sense if I'm an investor in bitcoin (which I am), but makes very little sense when I'm simply trying to transact.  For an easy example, I don't go to an ATM and "buy dollars".  I "withdraw dollars" or I "get money".  What I want to do is buy some actual stuff, not buy something that lets me go buy something else.
If we take the objective of "more transacting for real stuff" as the key thing bitcoin needs (increased volume, hinged on ease of use) bitcoin needs to be at least as easy as other forms of spending.  Do I have to load my credit card before I spend?  Do I have to fill my bank account before I go an use my debit card?  Of course not.  I do have to think about how much money I have, but...a system that makes me think about _where my money is is_ inherently less easy to use than one that lets me focus on the transaction.  Wallets are doing a good job of making the "spending moment" reasonably easy, but...there is always this nightmare in the backstory of making sure I have bitcoins.  That sucks.  Someone is going to solve this. 
One notable hurdle someone can help with in terms of enabling ease of use is solving the challenge of currency volatility (not actually making it non-volatile, but making that not a barrier to adoption for transacting).  Until bitcoin is stable in value relative to USD (or close), the closer I can get the conversion from dollars to btc to the point of purchase, the better.  Otherwise there is risk in maintaining a pile of my net worth in what amounts to a high risk checking account.  What I'd like to see is a bitcoin bank that lets me choose my storage currency and then lets me transact in bitcoins doing conversion in "real time" at the point I make a purchase.  Again...this puts the focus on transacting, not on "buying and having bitcoins".  Until this happens I'm going to be sitting on the checkout page of the store and if I don't have the bitcoins already then I'm going to spend dollars.  Heck...i should be able to spend dollars and have it cleared via bitcoin without me even knowing thats what has happened.  
This should be obvious to the bitcoin community, but we're still all excited about the coolness and are forgetting that we already have empirical evidence that a system is willing to give 2-3% away for convenience.  So..even if you can get that down to 0.5%, you're going to fail if you don't meet or exceed the convenience.  Convenience has been priced, you have to start with that as a rule.  Bitcoin fanboys aren't going to beat convenience.
@_date: 2015-03-31 04:08:16
You're going to hedge against this certain (by your estimation) monetary system failure by keeping 50% of your money in cash?  I don't think we have much to talk about here.
@_date: 2015-03-14 04:11:17
I agree it shouldn't be a surprise, but at least one of the dimensions of the bitcoin "fanboys" (of which I am one!) is that we imagine a revolution that is grander than is realistic.  The Internet itself is a great example - it's a platform that's open, but when I was writing my thesis in college on the topic it was all about access to information as a liberator, disruption of class immobility, improvements to democracy through free flowing information etc.  I believe bitcoin "hype" has many attributes of this sort of disruption that will prove to be overblown - most notably the democratization of the control of money.  I just don't see that really panning out.  I suspect it will be mostly around transactions and that the changes will be big, but they will also quickly be aborbed into a world that perpetuates many of the problems that still exist...even in banking.
@_date: 2015-03-13 12:59:34
I think you're misreading my post.  Or..you think the death of the dollar is truly imminent, which would be indefensible.  Posing an unpredictable black swan event as the reason IBM's model makes no sense .... makes no sense.
I'll I said was that the bitcoin has many hurdles and that using some of its concepts but within the construct of the dollar creates a type of advantage for IBM's plan. 
No one interested in the success of bitcoin should be hinging its success on the failure of the dollar. That game is so unpredictable and probably so long, that if that was _really_ the key to bitcoins success there would be zero investment in the space.  
@_date: 2015-03-30 14:18:01
Just remember that there are investment strategies that predictably give you 8% return on long hauls.  That 1.5 years you're giving up in your twenties is a disproportionately large percentage of your future savings given the time-value of money.  You're risking the money that can work the hardest for you, for the longest period of time.
@_date: 2015-03-30 18:53:39
Well...you clearly don't know what you're talking about, sorry.  Firstly, "today's environment" has seen some of the best returns (last years) of diversified stock portfolios (etfs, mustual funds) of my obviously-longer-than-yours life. 
Secondly, you're right - no  retirement planner would say he can do it consistently.  He/she'd say he can do it _on average_.  In fact, he'd recommend that you use this (or the 7% number to figure out your plan).   Why would they do this?  Because...that is the historical rate of return on typical diversified portfolios - not great ones, not bad ones...but...typical ones. Even in the absolutely horrendous 5 year period ending in 2009, the average annual rate of return for 401Ks was 4.8%.  Last year - with the interest rates at the low numbers you mention - the average return was above 11% (and .. interest rates were at 0%).  
I'm at a loss for why you think interest rates are setting returns on typical retirement investment portfolios.  Especially for young investors you should be investing far away from interest rates - that is true at almost every point in the history of american investments, save a few crazy years.  You wouldn't find an investment advisor who would tell you otherwise.  When you hit 65 the conventional wisdom will be to target 4% returns as this allows for investment strategy that is less volatile.  Less risk = less reward....but...if you need your money to pay medical bills you're going to dial down the risk.
Just take a look at was has been the most widely held mutual fund in retirement portfolios - the Growth Fund of America (agthx).  In the last ten years, the average annual rate of return has been 7.9% - and that includes a major recession and doesn't include the big years of late 90s.  In direct contrast to your point in the last 5 years (the low interest rate environment you mention) the average return is 13.45%.  This is a solid retirement investment, and it is neither a top performer nor a laggard.  
Another ETF that is increasingly popular is the class of S&amp;P 500 ETF (trackers).  These allow for broad "investing in the market" - diversification within a single ticket.  They perform like the market performs, more or less. The most popular of these is SPY - it has quadrupled in value since 1995 - a 20 year timeframe.
Its the kind of ignorance that you're demonstrating here that leads to such poor investment decisions of much of the population.
@_date: 2015-03-30 14:47:56
It's the defacto standard for calculating long term returns on diversified portfolios. Conservative retirement planners use 7 percent...8 percent is very typical.  
@_date: 2015-03-13 00:12:59
I think that's a valid point for the technology validation, but...I don't think the regulatory issues are nearly as hefty for what IBM is suggesting than they are for bitcoin.  Not even close.
IBM is just proposing a new way of clearing transactions - it's just a different way of moving money.  There is total clarity on tax treatment, for a very notable example of the appeal...whereas bitcoin is still very, very murky.  Using a gains-taxed and volatile currency is a serious problem for real transactions...and...thats bitcoin today.  There should not be tax consequences for buying stuff or for moving money and there currently is with bitcoin essentially everywhere that matters.  This has to be solved through regulation - a major hurdle for bitcoin that doesn't exist for "native" currencies.  And...thats just the tip of the iceberg for the regulatory hurdles for bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-05-31 01:30:18
I - regretfully for my heart - had to exit 95% of my BTC in favor of ETH this winter when it became clear that both the 1.) thought leader ,and 2.) execution leader was Ethereum, not Bitcoin.  
Of course, my pocketbook doesn't give a @ who it is, but...you always want to root for your first love!
@_date: 2017-05-31 02:59:30
Bitcoin is _definitely out_.  Rootstock can't ever have more faith than Bitcoin given the nature of what it is.  Maybe it can restore faith in bitcoin...
@_date: 2017-05-31 02:35:58
Thats the point - without trust in _ability to execute_ rootstock ain't got shite.  It's the deterioration in trust on that dimension that is bitcoins problem.  It's dependency on Bitcoin is it's Achilles _right now_. However, I'm hoping it does as what is needed all around is a genuine innovation horse-race since rising waters raise all boats.  
@_date: 2015-03-14 04:48:01
Class mobility is more dead than ever, the democracy is vastly more entrenched in the two party system, and mythology has taken over actual knowledge in a giant chunk of america. Access to info has entrenched and divided, not liberated and often not connected.  Don't get me wrong....I'm very optimistic about the future, but 1999 to now ain't delivered on the dream.
@_date: 2015-03-13 22:43:56
Our dissent against the banks will surely be commodified.  If you like bitcoin because of it's anti-establishment revolutionary-ness then you're going to be miserable in the not so distant future.  If you like bitcoin proper, then you're going to find yourself in the awkward moment where you're thanking large financial institutions, venture capitalists and investment bankers for its success.  At best you'll be saying "i remember bitcoin when it was cool".
I'm on the fence.  I think I'll be crying over a bottle of $1000 scotch.  Anyone want to reserve a seat next to me?
@_date: 2015-03-29 20:03:14
The hybrid bank/bitcoin is a _must have_, but perhaps not for the reasons you're suggesting.  The hybrid bank/bitcoin would be able to:
1. help with currency volatility by providing value storage in whatever currency you choose. If volatility is your concern, choose dollars.  If investment / growth is your goal and you like the risk...choose bitcoins.
2. most importantly, you'd be able to make "buy-time" conversions.  The biggest usability issue with bitcoins right now (despite chatter to the contrary) is not that wallets aren't good enough or that there are not enough vendors supporting it (both are true though), it's that before you spend bitcoins you have to BUY THEM.  That's a super shitty user experience and it requires a person to think about two accounts and having money in their bank account and then in their "wallet".  We know that the "system" is willing to tolerate 2% cost for convenience (debit/credit-cards), so ... until we get the convenience to at least match those transaction tools, we're only going to appeal to the principled bitcoin fans (like me!) and not to the mass audience.  If a hybrid bank let me transact with coins without having me worry about what currency i'm actually using when I buy stuff, then....awesome.  A hybrid bank could pull this off much more readily than a bitcoin-only world.  Coinbase is close, but...you still have to think about conversion-then-transaction, when you should only being having to think about transaction.
@_date: 2017-05-31 15:40:05
thats productive
@_date: 2017-05-31 03:02:12
I mined BTC up until about 16 months going back to '10.  So...yes, to that.  I also have a software professional services firm that has a crypto payments (and now Dapp) practice.  So..that too. Was only bitcoin for several years.  Does that matter here?
@_date: 2017-05-31 17:52:40
Do you know the difference between having exchange value and use value (utility) in economics?  And...no.  Being a value-store is not a use-value.  
@_date: 2017-05-31 03:23:54
Well...I can tell you why _I_ wouldn't.  I'd not want my persisted data stored in two places for one, I'd not want to have to manage the inevitable compatibility issues for another.  Further, the idea of these applications that users ultimately don't have to think about the fact that blockchain is behind the scene.  I'm not sure what _exposure_ you're talking about in that vein. 
@_date: 2015-02-27 10:15:25
what does your "spend btc" say?  8%.  You also set the discount price when you posted.
I don't love this site, but...I experience it as pretty straightforward.
@_date: 2017-05-31 03:33:11
I am a developer.  And..."audiences" aren't going to care what it is behind the scenes.  When the german car charging company uses the ethereum blockchain and smart contracts the users _don't even know the blockchain is at play_.  The game here isn't to create dapps for people who are fanboys of crypto, it's to create _real applications for regular people_.  
@_date: 2015-03-12 22:43:55
Not really.  It's general accounting practices that keep banks in check, and not a transparent ledger of cross-party transactions. 
What I think is a threat to bitcoin in this system is that it solves for a major problem with bitcoin - people still think in dollars, they still earn dollars and their primary financial instrument is dollars (or some other non-bitcoin currency).  Further, it's unlikely that bitcoin can ever be THE currency given that it's deflationary and it resists injection (for better or worse this is something governments demand from their currencies).  More importantly, the whole idea of bitcoin being cheap for transactions clearing is awesome, but it's not nearly as awesome as being able to spend my real money simply and easily.  The fact that today I have to "buy a bitcoin" so that I can spend it on something is major lamesauce - debit cards and credit cards have already demonstrated that a 2.5% surcharge for convenience is totally viable from the consumer perspective, so getting rid of that surcharge but taking away the convenience and simplicity is heading in a direction we've already proven will fail.  This is THE challenge for bitcoin, while I'm optimistic the investment of late in it will get it where it needs to be, it does create a window of opportunity for alternatives to create attractive offerings and potentially edge out bitcoin.  
edit: changed "inflationary" to "deflationary" so as to have this not be read as totally opposite of sensible.
@_date: 2017-05-31 09:29:13
no.  not sure why people keep saying this.
@_date: 2015-03-31 13:43:36
bingo.  complacency is a far bigger problem to our systems than any of the structural problems bitcoin hopes to address.
@_date: 2017-05-31 02:11:45
Maybe, can't argue with speculation being a part of the puzzle.  I think it's trading on _demonstrated ability to execute on vision_.  
BTC is trading on what?  It's got basically nothing other than first move at this point, and it's penetration from an actual payments perspective is _totally negligible_.  It too is trading on speculation, but it's just a subset of the speculation that exists for ETH and highly damaged by a lack of belief in execution.
@_date: 2015-02-27 09:30:16
they are very clear about an 8% max until you have history.
@_date: 2015-03-14 11:45:00
I was - despite not saying so - talking about america.  For a few examples that come from what I was actually working on in the 90s:
1. It was a forgone conclusion in 1999 in the policy world that we'd be voting in our homes in 2010 and that "turnout" would skyrocket.  
2. It was a forgone conclusion that by 2010 we'd have seen radical improvements in education performance and that economic bias in test scores would be greatly diminished.  Heck, I spoke on a panel once talking about how America was going to extend its leadership in science and math because Europe was being slow to distribute the Internet.  Hows that worked out?
3. It was almost a forgone conclusion that the Internet and access to the information on it would be regarded as a social utility, yet now capitalist tendencies are forcing issues around net neutrality that back then were hard to imagine ever being controversial.
You can call this "historical glorification" if you'd like, but...this is what I spent the 90s doing - working on policy's related to the social, political and economic impact of the emerging telecommunications technologies.  I shared my thesis on Gopher.  I'm old.  And...it is true I may be glorifying the past, but I think it's more likely I'm cherry picking the things that haven't lived up to their hype.  And...thats the point I'm trying to make.
So, to bring it back to the topic, I'd suggest that bitcoin future-glorification is at least as strong as you think my historical glorification is ;)
@_date: 2015-02-27 13:39:20
not before you did your first transaction.  here is the documentation:
The discount limit increases as you complete more transactions.
Max starting Discount rate: 8%
Max Discount after 1 completed transaction: 15%
Max Discount after 3 completed transactions: 25%
Max Discount after 5 completed transactions: 40%
Max Discount after 8 completed transactions: 50%
@_date: 2017-06-24 02:55:48
Yes.  They are honoring all buys (no reversals) and making whole out of their own piggy bank the sells that were from margin calls and stop-loss.
@_date: 2017-06-01 03:48:57
The well defined inflation schedule doesn't mean shit without demand.  Further, if ethereum is running thousands of applications on its network the demand for gas will sustain higher and higher value.  BTC doesn't have a similar demand driver and both will have finite supply.  But, I do generally believe that whichever can figure out how to execute within their community technically and organizationally will do well in the long run.  However...things have been pretty shakey on that front for bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-24 02:57:54
Sure.  But if an exchange lacks controls for manipulation, or exchange wants to avoid the transparency created through subpoenas, or exchange wants to retain customer base and keep their most high-profit traders trading then...exchange makes big move.
Plus...actual costs in biz balance sheets (USD) is probably very low because they undoubtedly hold a lot of ETH/BTC/LTC and that shit has _grown in value_.  If you look at the money they planned to spend in January, this is probably a rounding error in the budget because of the escalation in BTC and ETH value.
@_date: 2017-06-24 11:12:56
no.  is there a point to that question?  one doesn't need to know their budgets to know that they didn't account for their ETH holdings to go from $15 to $330 in USD and their BTC holdings also had astronomic growth.
@_date: 2017-06-01 03:30:30
By being a value-store that people speculated would grow in value compared to fiat and that would would make transacting easy and lower cost than alternative electronic methods.  Now...if you know what we're talking about you won't say that being about to say that being able to buy things is "having use value".
@_date: 2017-06-24 02:55:11
Ha.  Not a chance.  Undoubtedly these companies hold ETH and BTC.  The cost of this relative to their january budgets is probably a nearing zilch.  