@_author: biacktemplar
@_date: 2018-01-19 16:50:07
You can only send what you have in your channels (you can't spend more than you have ;)). But what would work is you open a channel with 0.1 btc, send 0.1 btc away, receive 0.1 btc from someone else, then send 0.1 btc away again and so on ...
@_date: 2019-07-05 06:49:59
Thanks for the correction, I missed the problem with the CSV delay. But in my opinion this is quite a problem, isnt it? At the moment the mempool is emptying every few days so you can always just wait it out, but what happens if at some point the feerates together with the mempool increase drastically and stay there so that you can't react fast enough to close your channel. Then the other end of the channel may attack you since you are not able to close the channel unilaterally.
Do the current lightning wallets monitor the feerate and close the channel automatically or do you have to do it manually?
@_date: 2019-07-18 06:41:47
    {
        "total_limbo_balance": "0",
        "pending_open_channels": [
        ],
        "pending_closing_channels": [
        ],
        "pending_force_closing_channels": [
            {
                "channel": {
                    "remote_node_pub": "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx",
                    "channel_point": "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx:1",
                    "capacity": "20000",
                    "local_balance": "1843",
                    "remote_balance": "0"
                },
                "closing_txid": "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx",
                "limbo_balance": "0",
                "maturity_height": 0,
                "blocks_til_maturity": 0,
                "recovered_balance": "0",
                "pending_htlcs": [
                ]
            }
        ],
        "waiting_close_channels": [
        ]
    }
@_date: 2019-07-17 11:17:59
No I haven't tried that. Would that just forget the channel? How could I access then the onchain funds (as I said not relevant in this case, but just asking if that happens again with higher amounts)?
@_date: 2019-07-05 06:06:37
But if the channel creator can set the feerate isn't there a very similar attack than the one you described:
Lets assume the mempool is constantly full and fees never get lower than x/vb. The attacker now creates a channel to his victim and specifies a fee rate far below x/vb (maybe even just the minimum 1/vb). Then the attacker loops out and afterwards pretends to be offline. Now you can try to close the channel with 1/vb fee waiting forever. The only way to get the transaction through is using Child Pays for Parent. To get both transactions through the Child Pays for Parent transaction need to have at least (2x - 1)/vb feerate (assuming the two transactions are similarly large).
So all in all the victim ends up paying almost twice than in you attacker scenario. Or am I missing something?
@_date: 2018-08-27 19:54:31
Ok put your money where your mouth is: [
Looking forward to see your multiple million dollar bet :)
@_date: 2018-10-29 08:09:16
I also thought about that. But I think it is no problem: When technology evolves so far that it is possible to crack old private keys of lost coins in reasonable time then there will be some point in time when cracking old private keys and mining have exactly the same rentability (of course at that point in time all non-lost Bitcoins will be in wallets encrypted by much safer private keys, so we are only talking about cracking old lost private keys). So then some will start cracking those wallets instead of mining and from this point on cracking wallets will never have a better rentability than mining (since if it would have all the miners would switch to crack private keys). So all in all the result will be that mining and cracking private keys will go hand in hand. Of course I don't know what that means for bitcoins security, but I think its not a problem since new hardware will be used for cracking since the mining reward gets extended by the cracking reward.
Depending on when this will happen it might be that the cracking reward is at least temporarily much higher than the mining reward but I don't think this will be long-term...
What is important if you think about it is that this will not be like there is a point in time when ALL private keys can get cracked. It is more a slow hardware development and with that the renatability for cracking increases until it is the same as for mining.
@_date: 2019-08-28 18:13:44
I don't disagree with you ;). I never said anything that bcash is as useful as bitcoin or anything like that. I just said your statement, that it is not better at any objective is not true, since it is better at cheap transaction (regardless how secure they are). I don't want to discuss here bcash vs btc usefulness, I just wanted to point out that we have to be careful what we say in such discussions. If you tell obvious lies like your last sentence, then this doesn't help the discussion...
Just think of someone who is yet undecided which fork is more useful to him. If you state something like the above, he will just think "such a troll", but if you explain him the tradeoff bch made and what negative consequences it has compared to the only positive consequence of cheap transactions, than he might understand you and may get convinced that btc is the better variant.
@_date: 2019-08-16 13:40:34
Ok lets assume they are worthless afterwards. Then there is still the thing that the total worth of all hardware mining is probably much less than the total worth of all coins (wouldn't make a lot of sense having a cryptocurrency where the hardware to run it costs more than the whole currency). So having &gt;50% of mining hardware is probably MUCH cheaper than having &gt;50% of coins.
About recognizing it before it happens. Yes thats true but you can also see that as a disadvantage because it origins in the fact that miners are not really anonymous, you have to buy hardware in the real world where everyone can track you. Therefore miners are also potential targets.
The thing is if you recognize that someone is buying up all the mining hardware to get &gt;50% nobody can do anything against it or do you find enough honest participants who buy hardware just to defend the network against a potential much bigger enemy and against financial incentives (if too many people mine, mining will be at loss and only the attacker will keep on mining because as you said they are not really concerned about funds spent)?
@_date: 2019-08-16 14:39:50


I think you don't understand what a 51% attack is. Hard forking the chain has nothing to do with a 51% attack and can be done by anyone. The government could do that in a PoS or a PoW chain. As long as all "honest" participants keep on the "old" chain the hard fork has no effect for them.


Yes they could do that with 51% in a PoS system. But they could (even easier) buy up more than 51% of the mining hardware and do exactly the same in a PoW system. Buying enough hardware would be much cheaper than buying the needed stake in a PoS system.
@_date: 2019-08-16 12:04:14


Ok I see your point now, but I am not sure if this is applicable to Bitcoin vs Ethereum so easily. I would be really interested in a case study of the sizes of different common Bitcoin scripts vs equivalent Ethereum scripts. I just googled very shortly for an analysis of simple transactions and found this answer  which states that a simple Ethereum transaction is smaller than a simple bitcoin transaction. I know this is just one example and therefore I would be interested in a study of this.




Just because we are in r/bitcoin doesn't mean that we all have to be bitcoin maximalists which think that bitcoin is the only application of blockchain technology, right?


This is a very strange generalization. Just giving an example of UNIX vs Multics doesn't help a lot here. You are simply saying bitcoin has fewer features and is therefore better than Ethereum, and as an argument you say thats simply how technology evolves and give one example from history? I think we could find hundreds of examples where a competitor with more features overturned one with less features because of its features...


I gave you a concrete utility of Ethereum: Augur, a decentralized prediction market
So can you tell me now how you could implement such a thing without Ethereum / with Bitcoin, or is the argument here that Bitcoin will eventually become a Turing complete scripting language? Its not really fair to just say all other blockchains have no utility since Bitcoin will eventually have all the features of them, I simply don't see that. If you say a feature which another blockchain has and Bitcoin doesn't have enables applications with real utility, then you admit that this other blockchain has utility.
@_date: 2019-08-28 17:20:12
Yes they loosened security and decentralization, but they gained for it cheap transactions. You cannot deny that transactions are cheaper in the BCH network than in the BTC network (also if they would have the same volume). Of course its a trade off and I also think not worth the risks, but you cannot say "bcash is not better in any objecitve", I just gave you one objective: having cheap transactions.
@_date: 2019-08-08 14:06:55


Note that its not impossible, its just very very very VERY time consuming with currently known algorithms and hardware.
@_date: 2019-08-23 08:08:31
Thats the last page where everyone can get (without luck) by pressing the &gt;&gt; button. Probably people visiting this website (or any other website with the same enumeration mechanism) thought they are funny and send some bitcoin to those public addresses and use the private key to send it back again (as you will see none of the bitcoins sent to those transactions were there a long time, probably there are also bots which check such "publicly known" private keys for transactions), but I can assure (with high probability ;)) that those transactions were not sent to really randomly generated private keys.
@_date: 2019-08-16 16:59:20
I didn't say I want new ones. I said I offer owners to buy from them.
@_date: 2019-08-11 13:30:25
Look into the Resources list on the right side of this sub, they are pretty extensive. Maybe you find something useful in this collection of documentations/tutorials...: [
@_date: 2019-08-16 13:09:34


I wouldn't say "doing nothing" the staker needs to freeze his assets for an extensive time frame and needs to stay online for producing blocks and otherwise he loses assets, so there is the risk. I also wouldn't say "adding nothing" since the stakers create blocks therefore basically ensure the working of the blockchain (they add exactly "the same" as miners in PoW, they produce blocks and keep the blockchain in sync). You are right in PoW miners have to pay their block gains with energy basically burning energy for newly generated tokens (in a highly competitive environment) and in PoS stakers get rewards for freezing their assets.
I would also argue that staking can be competitive (if designed correctly) since you have to compete against other methods of getting interest (like investing in something). There will be at some point an equilibrium where people say staking or other methods of getting interest give you the same risk/reward ratio.
So in my opinion this point is a BIG plus for staking since instead of burning energy PoS systems only freeze assets.


You are also here correct that if someone has 51% in a PoS with fixed supply and doesn't sell any nobody can take them from him. But on the other hand the one person controling 51% has only an incentive to improve the system and not to harm it (since then the 51% would lose value). So game theoretically this is again a BIG plus for PoS systems.
Another way to see it: If some rich entity wants to bring down a PoW-system they have to acquire / build enough mining hardware to gain &gt;50% for an extended time period, then attack by reversing some crucial blocks. After the attack the coins in the system may be worth much less because of the security flaw. But the attacker can now simply sell their mining equipment or mine something else.
On the other hand if you attack a PoS system with a 51% attack you have to buy 51% of the assets, then attack it and if the attack was successful your assets may be worth much less so you lose a lot of money.
@_date: 2019-08-16 16:48:38
I didn't say its easy to acquire the ASICs, but I still argue that its cheaper.   
Just a small calculation: Lets say you offer every ASIC owner twice of the original price for their ASICs. I would assume more then 50% would happily be willing to sell their ASICs including their whole infrastructure with power supply and cooling. I am not very familiar with current ASICs but I just googled shortly and use now the Bitmain Antminer S17 for the following calculations.
Original Costs: 2727$  
Hashrate: 53TH/s
Network Total Hashrate: 70.54 Eh/s
So you would need to buy 70.54 Eh / 53 Th * 0.5 &lt;= 670,000 Antminer S17.
Paying twice the original price would mean ~5500$ per Antminer S17 this gives in total: 
$3.7 billion which is FAR FAR less than bitcoins current market cap of $180 billion.
This assumed now paying twice the price! (many ASIC owners will probably give it to you much cheaper, probably even for the original price).
@_date: 2019-08-12 08:27:42
I still don't understand your logic. If you have enough money to get &gt;=50% of the mining power then it doesn't matter how many blocks you are behind you will eventually always overtake the main chain. Of course the time you need to overtake the main chain is linear to the amount of blocks, but does it matter? If you know you will overtake the main chain that are no resource costs since you will get the block rewards of all your mined blocks in the end.
@_date: 2018-06-14 16:28:14
Wouldn't it also be possible with the new feature to send a payment in a cycle to myself? So to rebalancing two of my channels? This would then also work with one node but at least two channels.
@_date: 2019-08-07 15:11:01
Edit: all of the below is also mentioned in the Bitcoin Whitepaper by Satoshi (see end of page 6).
Edit2: Maybe the formula at the end of page 7 of the Whitepaper is even more important for this calculation, since my calculations assume that the attacker starts catching up when the confirmations are already there, but in practice an attacker will start with a parallel chain as soon as the transaction hits the blockchain. Nevertheless the Whitepaper still mentions that the new formula at then end of page 7 decreases exponentially (although the whitepaper shows it experimentally and not formally). I just digged a little bit deeper into the this and found out that one can formally proof that the probability given at the end of page 7 is in `O((q/p)^z)`, where q is now in contrary to below the hash rate of the attacker and p = 1-q the hash rate of the chain as it is denoted in the whitepaper.
If the attacker has &gt;50% hashpower (long enough) he can theoretically revert any number of blocks with probability 1 (just mine long enough until your chain is longer than the main chain).
If the attacker has 50% hashpower (long enough) then the same holds as above (surprisingly). This is because the probability that at some point the attackers chain is longer than the main chain converges against 1 if time converges against infinity. (See also [
If the attack has p&lt;50% hashpower then the probability of reverting a transaction of `n` blocks equals
    (p/(1-p))^n
and therefore decreases exponentially.
To see this we use theory of the gamblers ruin with unfair coinflipping, see [
We say player one is the attacker chain and player two is the main chain. Furthermore player two (the main chain) starts with a stack of `n2=n` blocks. In this model player one starts with an infinite stack since the attacker is not concerned if his chain is arbitrarily shorter at some point than the main chain as long as it is longer than the main chain at some point in the future. Therefore, `n1-&gt;infinity` . Moreover the probability for a block on the attackers chain is `p` and the probability for a block on the main chain is `q=1-p`. Using now the formula from wikipedia for the probability `P1`, i.e. the probability that the attacker loses, considering that `n1` converges to infinity we get
    P1 = 1 - (p/q)^n.
Therefore for the probability that the attacker succeeds we get:
    P2 = (p/q)^n = (p/(1-p))^n.
I hope this helps ;). Note that all calculations assume that hash rates of the attacker and the main chain don't change and that the attacker has in theory arbitrary time to revert the transaction. Although if `p &lt; 50%` its more probable that the attacker can revert it in a short time than over a long time (the longer the attacker needs the more improbable it is that he produces more blocks than the main chain).
@_date: 2019-08-16 18:54:18
Again I didn't say its easy, but for a rich entity which wants to bring down a network and puts billions to work I don't see a big problem. We are now very much into the details but my point still is I think that 51% attacking a PoW chain is at least not much more expensive (I think it is cheaper, but as we saw this is discussable) than attacking a PoS chain. So if you bring 51% attacks as an argument against PoS you also have to consider it as an argument against PoW.
@_date: 2019-08-16 10:10:09


I don't see why that should be true, please add some scientific reference to that point. In my opinion a more complex language needs probably a more complex interpreter / compiler but the byte size of equivalent programs will be smaller in general (since you can express the program more easily with the more powerful language).
I am not sure why you are defending Bitcoin so hard, I never attacked it, I really really like it. I just think its not the only utility of blockchains. I also understand that Bitcoin does not want to be Turing complete to avoid security flaws. But this does not mean that another blockchain which focuses on different things has no utility. So there are definitely things which have utility and can only be implemented in a blockchain with a Turing complete scripting ability (I mentioned one in another answer of this thread, Augur).
I don't understand your statement that Bitcoin will acquire the same characteristics as Ethereum at some point. So you want the scripting language of Bitcoin to be Turing-complete? I thought Bitcoin wants to focus on transfer of money and not on computing? (which is good in my opinion). You can also look at that the other way around, when Bitcoin gets a Turing-complete scripting language, one could ask why do we need Bitcoin if we have Ethereum, what can Bitcoin do what Ethereum can't do.
The size of the Ethereum blockchain vs the Bitcoin blockchain is simply depending on the limits of a block (Ethereum has Gas limits, Bitcoin has weight limits). If the limits in Ethereum or Bitcoin were different the blockchain sizes would be different. So finding the right limits is of course important but does not change the fact if an idea of a blockchain is a utility or not. Furthermore, both projects have not yet completely solved the scalability problem, but both are working on it from different angles, so also that seems quite interesting to see which scaling improvement helps the most.
To summarize my opinion: You said yourself Bitcoin is a focused sharp tool for doing one thing well. But there are other things which can be done with blockchains which need to be decentralized, trustless and censorship-free, so how can you be so sure, that Bitcoin with its one ability (which it is doing very well) is the only utility of blockchains?
@_date: 2019-08-16 09:18:12
So in general I would describe the utility of Ethereum as Turing-complete decentralized trustless computing which in my head has many applications. To name one which I like out of many currently running on Ethereum: Augur: decentralized trustless prediction markets / betting platform.
@_date: 2019-08-16 08:42:51
Thats an argument against all federated blockchains.
But there are still a lot of other blockchains which are not federated, whats the argument against them? Take for example Ethereum, I think Ethereum has a valid use case and therefore bitcoin is not the only use case of blockchains. I'm now very interested to hear counter arguments :).
@_date: 2019-08-16 13:50:19
But basically what you are saying is that Bitcoin could also change to PoS and stay immutable (in contrast to your argument against Ethereum they would need to have only one hard fork which of course would need enough support).
@_date: 2017-11-13 09:10:21
A sticky thread would be great :)
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:50:14
Thanks a lot for the hint, I just had a look and there seem to be a reasonable amount of technical discussions there :).
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:53:03
As I understand it correctly, the 21 million will never be mined. In fixed intervals the mining rewards halve so the sum of all mined bitcions converges against 21 million in infinite time. (The sum i = 0 to infinity of 1/2^i converges against 2)
@_date: 2019-12-03 17:42:09
This!  
They should have different deposit/withdrawl methods for the same coin, but not two different coins that you can "convert".
@_date: 2019-12-03 22:27:29
No they are not. Lightning is just a layer above bitcoin. They could also just add / subtract from your bitcoin balance whenever you deposit/withdraw via lightning. I also expect that it simply has to do with their internal architecture as u/prof7bit suggested.
@_date: 2019-12-04 06:50:57
Ok, understand now what you mean with network, but this doesn't explain why they have to introduce a new symbol / coin for it. Despite the different network they should use the same coin / symbol for it. People will convert to BTC anyway to be able to trade and then convert back to the artificial symbol to withdraw , so there is no gain except an artificial additional step the users have to do.
@_date: 2019-01-08 09:28:23
One possibility is to use something like [ to convert LN-&gt;BTC without settling, so send the money you own in one channel to them and they send you back the same amount (minus a small fee) on chain. Then you can receive this amount again on lightning and if you want you can create a new channel with the btc you received on chain.
The downside of this is of course for this one time change from LN to BTC without settling you have to trust the service lightning conductor. There will be other solutions to this problem, which are at the moment in development but until then a trusted service is better than nothing.
Another option they offer is to create a channel to them and they create back a channel to you with a fixed amount. So for this you need less trust since in the worst case they don't open a channel to you and you can close your channel to them again if you want.
@_date: 2018-11-10 07:13:17
The "length" of a chain is not defined by the number of blocks in it but by the total sum of all work, i.e. the total sum of all difficulties. So this attack won't work.
@_date: 2019-09-16 11:47:32
I see it the other way around. The transaction fees HAVE to blow-up, otherwise bitcoins security would be a problem. Bitcoins security essentially equals the worth of the block reward + fees. The bigger the bitcoin network gets the more security it needs and it can only achieve this with higher fees / more transactions (bigger blocks) with fees.
@_date: 2019-09-27 22:54:58
Why not pay per unit via lightning :) lets say you want to rent a scooter, then you pay one minute (thats probably not a lot so trust is minimized), if the company delivers and unlocks the scooter your wallet automatically sends the money for another minute before the first minute is over and so on, as soon as either you don't pay anymore the scooter gets shut down. On the other hand if the company does not deliver and the scooter shuts down / breaks down without reason your wallet stops to pay. The same mechanism can be used for filling up gas. But also many more long term payments could be done in this way (rent, electricity bills, phone bill, ...). Basically you split the service into very small chunks and pay for them via lightning, so you don't need to trust the other side since if they don't deliver you learned your lesson and lost a few cents.
For the scenario with the scooter one problem could be: What happens if you pay anonymously and then steal the scooter? Maybe a contract with some sort of real world oracle could solve this problem, hopefully (I would really like to use such service anonymously).
@_date: 2019-09-15 13:52:44
I think you cannot assume just the block reward, since at some point revenue from fees will be much higher than from block rewards, so I suspect your base assumption cannot hold.
@_date: 2018-12-06 08:08:33
Thats very nice of you :)!