@_author: bibib0i
@_date: 2018-06-23 23:37:34
 Hope I can have a slot to this!! 
@_date: 2019-01-02 11:01:06
Since your topic is about crypto gambling sites, You won't mind if I post what I think is the best online gambling site, right? Anyway, right now I enjoy playing at [Vegas Casino]( 
Cryptocurrency and gambling are two industries that have seen rapid growth in recent years. Blockchain has had huge effects on a wide range of industries. Gambling is now seeing a transformation as the growth of cryptocurrency enters the industry.  Using cryptocurrencies is now a payment method available on new online casinos and betting sites. However, most of the established betting sites, are yet to offer the payment option to its players. With this being said, it is growing as a method and the advantages it brings mean that one day it could take over as the main payment method that we use. The benefits of this are that it allows players to gamble anonymously and they can also play without having to create an account and send in any personal data to get their account verified. Another advantage for the gambling sites is that using the blockchain for the payment means there aren´t the fees associated with traditional payment methods, and players can also access their money much faster.  And if you guys also wondering where I am playing my cards at, there's a lot of websites that you check out, Vegas [casino]( is one of them.
For me it's very convenient and user-friendly. I recommended it to my friends and they are also now playing it. I love to play blackjacks. And if you are a new player, I suggest to get yourself some strategy cards to help with your basic strategy-you can usually find them at the casino gift shops or online(I got a large print one from Amazon for my poor old eyes).  Blackjacks is a game of chance, but more importantly, level-headedness and calm, mechanical calculation. Just like you see Tom Cruise do in Mission Impossible. Patience, stamina and religious reverence to the rules of winning is what makes all the difference.   
You might want to check the Christmas free [spin]( and there Christmas [tournament]( as well.
@_date: 2018-07-13 08:37:25
 Found one more great platform. Maeceanas is a new way to invest in art. It's art gallery is most transparent and efficient way to raise funds. 