@_author: bicubic
@_date: 2014-01-29 21:28:57
I'm a software engineer with 35 years experience and have had lead engineer or architect roles for much of my career, and have worked at Apple, eBay &amp; Google and various startups, including an anti-fraud startup that was sold to RSA. I understand scalable distributed architectures reasonably well, though I readily admit that I don't yet understand massively distributed p2p architectures well enough to design a novel cryptocurrency.
I've only been looking into Bitcoin for a few weeks. Those weeks have been an incredible journey. Bitcoin is extremely innovative and impressive technology, and I must admit I reached a point where I became very excited about it and convinced that it must succeed and would bring great benefits.
But now I realize there is one HUGE problem with Bitcoin that must be solved, and if it is not solved then I hope Bitcoin fails in the near future, to be replaced by something even more innovative and impressive.
The problem is the carbon footprint. This is a well known problem with Bitcoin, and there are alternative cryptocurrencies that aim to solve the problem. I'm currently trying to understand whether they really do solve the problem, and if so, if there is anything that can be done to accelerate the transition from Bitcoin to one of those currencies.
Meanwhile, the investment of about 4.0 BTC I have made over the last few weeks will be converted to PPC and LTC, or possibly back to USD.
edit: I should say that I think there are other problems as well, but they seem like problems that can be solved with incremental fixes. I personally don't (yet) see how Bitcoin's carbon footprint problem can be solved without replacing it with another architecture. But I haven't yet taken the time to see whether the Bitcoin developers have already outlined a solution.
@_date: 2014-01-30 00:11:34
| Carbon footprint isn't a problem.
I strongly disagree. But perhaps you think Global Warming isn't a problem?
| Because mining will never exceed what is profitable, which in a few decades by now will mean what people pay transactions fees. 
The earth (as our only habitat) can't afford a few decades of Bitcoin mining.
| People think mining is taking too much energy? Pay less in transaction fees. 
Transaction fees are currently small compared to the value of minting new coins. Even when the block reward is halved in 2016 that halving may be more than compensated by an increase in exchange BTC&lt;-&gt;fiat exchange rates.
| The miners will have to take hardware offline to be able to make a profit due to electricity costs.
Not unless there is either a significant drop in miners revenue, or the cost of electricity rises to accurately reflect the cost of global warming.
| 2: Climate friendly energy production.
What about the waste heat generated by the mining servers? I haven't done the research, but I wonder: suppose all mining servers were powered by solar generated electricity. Would the waste heat still be a significant factor in global warming?
@_date: 2014-01-30 20:35:36
The 'debate' over global warming is fascinating. It seems to be a prime example of confirmation bias determining the outcome of the debate. 97% of climate scientists agree that there is global warming and that it is caused by human activity. But claims like yours that "there hasn't been any warming in over a decade" continue to be repeated as if they are accurate and disprove that global warming is even happening. 
I am a little sympathetic with your argument that "We can't predict what technology will come onto the market 5 years from now let alone hundreds of years into the future, some of which will help decrease carbon emissions." I agree that there may be technological solutions that will alleviate global warming trends. But I think you are being naive if you think those solutions will be developed and deployed in time to reverse the climate change trend before tipping points are reached. The climate is governed by systems that have tremendous inertia. No technology is going to be able to make sudden changes in trends. Especially if Global Warming denialists continue to make it difficult for us to achieve policy changes that could result in developing and deploying these technology solutions.
