@_author: bidester
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:04:12
This is pretty much exactly what I'm doing - looking into what other cryptocurrencies look promising and diversifying my crypto portfolio.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:10:38
Generally speaking, are you guys bullish or bearish regarding the current and future price of Bitcoin?  I think LONG term, most of us are optimistic about Bitcoin's future.  But what say you gents and ladies regarding the next few weeks? Few months?  Years?
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:35:40
And yet, some people travel to Vegas and do just that.  Never underestimate the power of positive outcome bias.
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:44:16
I think that blockchain is definitely the future and I could see bitcoin becoming a way to store value in the same way that we use gold.  But with the current transaction fees and the slow rate of pay and the buildup on bitcoin's blockchain, I just don't understand why it would ever rise to a $1MM to 1BTC exchange.  I love bitcoin, but the damn thing is so damn volatile and unstable that I can't see it being used as a form of cash.  That's not a bad thing at all, but it's just these crazy swings mean that everyone is just going to HODL or sell or buy bitcoin, but no one is actually going to spend it.  Bitcoin's value is starting to seem like it's almost entirely based on the speculation of a bunch of futurists.
Just my two cents.  That being said, I'm planning on buying in and HODLing - but that's because I really think the technology is neat and because I'm not afraid to lose the money I've put in.  BUT TO ANYONE LOOKING AT BITCOIN AS A MEANS TO MAKE YOU RICH, BE FUCKING CAUTIOUS and CASH OUT YOUR INITIAL INVESTMENT IF AND WHEN YOU MAKE IT BACK.  Y'all mother fuckers need to diversify your wealth - it's God damned irresponsible to put everything you have into Bitcoin right now.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:52:27
[Here's a podcast that really helped me grasp the concept of Bitcoin and what makes people value it so much.](
Also, [here's a post I wrote a few weeks back]( trying to explain Bitcoin with simple English.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:55:05
I agree with you on the peer-to-peer transfer of wealth, however that value is not particular to Bitcoin but is instead shared by most cryptocurrencies that use blockchain or tangle technology.  I also agree that Bitcoin has value because we agree that it has value and that this idea of consensus in value applies to many different commodities.  I'm just concerned by all the young guns getting into the Bitcoin game and hoping to make some quick and easy cash.  That's not where Bitcoin gets its value, and these are the same type of "investors" who will run out the damn building if a dip starts or a bubble bursts.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:01:55
That's a creative solution, though it could easily backfire and cause people to lose confidence in the security of their own bitcoins.  After all, if the coins of one person can be invalidated via a hard fork, then who's to say that our own coins couldn't suffer this same fate?
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:33:20
[Probably this](
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:21:00
Good luck my guy, but Bitcoin's been defying expectations for quite some time now.  Maybe this time the "bubble" will really burst.  
But who knooooowwwwws
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:15:31
Gold is more similar to bitcoin in that it's value is based upon consensus.  However, gold does have some limited application as a utility and it's also used in jewelry as a display of wealth.  The housing market is speculative to an extent, but at the end of the day you still get a house when you pay for it.  Bitcoin is completely speculative as to its value and has very little to no intrinsic value of its own.
I'm a believer in Bitcoin, but make no mistake that right now it's basically a ponzi scheme only the participants tend to be very smart people.  Also, this same ponzi scheme uses very interesting technology.
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:25:18
Seriously.  IDGAF about Roger Ver memes or any of that nonsense.  I'm here to read and talk about Bitcoin, not get involved in a stupid flame war.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:58:37
You're getting downvoted, but Bitcoin in its current state *is* similar to a ponzi scheme.  The people who started Bitcoin and kept/mined Bitcoins for themselves are in prime position to benefit astronomically from their wealth as the rest of us struggle to keep up. Satoishi is rumored to possess around 1,000,000 bitcoins.  If the Bitcoin price *really* hit $1,000,000 per Bitcoin, then Satoishi would be a trillionaire.  That sort of wealth concentration is worrisome and unsustainable. 
The main redeeming factor for Bitcoin is that there is inherent value in the blockchain technology it uses.  The blockchain technology and decentralization inherent to Bitcoin has real world value, so the consensus behind the value of Bitcoin makes it the top contender for the currency / gold of the future.  However, Bitcoin is not the only cryptocurrency with these features, so it's always possible another crypto will take its place (though that will become less likely if lighting actually functions as advertised).
*edit clarified my opinion as to why Bitcoin can be seen as a ponzi scheme to some extent.
@_date: 2017-11-28 17:43:59
As of the time that I'm posting this, there are 450,167 subscribers to r/bitcoin.  That scares me.  The sheer amount of memes on this subreddit scares me too.  People need to prepare themselves mentally for the crash.  You either believe in the technology behind crypto currency or you don't.  If you don't, don't purchase crypto currency.  If you DO believe, then hold - hold no matter how bad the crash gets.
@_date: 2017-11-30 17:32:28
Wait, this is what a future's contract is?  Betting on the price of a stock or commodity (in this case bitcoin) to go up or down? 
How the hell do these guys figure that they will be able to predict the price of bitcoin when it's so damn volatile?  Is there anybody on here who's well versed in how this is expected to work?  I'm just a noob trying to learn more about this.
*Edit: Formatting
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:47:27
Damn dude, markets are NUTS!  Thanks for such a great explanation!  As if Bitcoin wasn't already the Wild West, it's about to be CRAZY as hell with these futures contracts becoming available.
One last question if you don't mind me asking - in the example you gave, say that the first scenario occurs where the rocks in mid December cost $10.05.  Now in this scenario with the rocks, I take the cash settled option because I don't actually want those rocks.  BUT since we're talking about Bitcoin here, I would probably want the option to actually buy the Bitcoin at the discounted price - especially if I could purchase Bitcoin as a steep discount.  In this scenario, the Bitcoin futures seller be obligated to get me my Bitcoin right?  So the Bitcoin futures seller would have to buy Bitcoin at whatever the price was and send it to me at my discounted rate?
Even with the risk involved for both sides, I could see a huge market for people wanting to buy Bitcoin futures - not because they want the cash settled option, but because they *actually want*
 the Bitcoin (because these are market gamblers and I imagine gamblers love owning volatile stocks because hey, gambling is fun)  However, I wouldn't see too many people willing to sell Bitcoin futures contracts because who the hell can predict the price? Additionally, given that we've seen Bitcoin prices swing wildly in the span of hours, will these futures contracts have to include a *specific time of the day* for when they expire?
This is super fascinating stuff!  If you have any, I'd love to hear your suggestions for where I can learn more about futures and markets generally.