@_author: bidglide
@_date: 2018-06-21 20:46:45
Someone mentioned in a thread: "In Germany you can spend up to 600 EUR in cryptocurrencies without having any tax problems."
I looked it up and found this link, with even more interesting points: "According to rule 23 EStG, private sales that do not exceed 600 euros are tax exempted. But perhaps even more interesting is the fact that you pay no tax if you hold your Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, or other altcoins, for a period of over one year. No matter how much you make selling your cryptocurrencies, you don’t pay tax on the capital gains if you’ve held them for over one year."
Will look into details about this later considering language like this could be misleading in terms of limitations/the actual nature of how this works .. but, exciting see read in plain context. Whatever the case, this may be commonly known - to be honest I was not aware.
To think ... I was surprised by Anthony Bordain Parts Unknown Berlin. (Thanks Nichimal for mentioning this.)
@_date: 2018-06-21 23:43:21
Btw everyone...I gave kudos to the wrong user for informing about this earlier .. it was actually u/nichimal (I've edited it now)
Thanks nichimal
@_date: 2018-06-22 02:34:24
Speaking of tax havens ... my last name is "Lichtenstein" .. not be confused with Liechtenstein ... but, it's the first thing people from Europe as me. Was looking at this:
Although .. I'm not sure Liechtenstein is the tax haven it used to be? You would know better.
@_date: 2018-06-21 21:34:20
Yes that is currently the plan. To my understanding - nothing has changed in terms of the GDAX fees, order type functionality, or withdraw fees.
I contact them several weeks ago and ask if there are going to be changes with the FIX api, web socket etc...they said the only expected change will be the endpoints but it wasn't confirmed.
Has anyone heard anything regarding the endpoints?
@_date: 2018-06-19 04:44:32
Looks like had a stash from the silk road days ... nodding out.
@_date: 2018-06-21 22:23:43
Gotcha. In terms of actual phone apps, it wouldn't surprise me if they released one in the future. For example, most major brokers in the U.S. (such as Interactive Brokers) with extensive operations have amazing phone apps (don't get on my case about their api). Which, GDAX is acclaimed to be "institutional" (and in crypto, they are the most institutional in the U.S.), however, the infrastructure behind an operation such as IB (who also has institutional accounts) is significantly more intensive and they have an app. Currently, I'm not sure it is GDAX/Coinbase Pros priority for reasons such as adding a layer of more customer support inquiries they don't want, and people trading from their phones is not their core demographic.
@_date: 2018-06-29 09:45:47
Hey everyone - I posted this yesterday, since then we've made some changes to the content. It would be appreciated if you read this before commenting. The article provides an option for why "profitable" bots are not realistic + suggestions for choosing feasible software. Additionally some information regarding using AWS or generally using a co-location/why this is important.
@_date: 2018-06-21 21:12:00
I've noticed tiny changes, which should add up. For example, when creating an api key they have a useful copy functionality. This is a tiny detail, however being in software development I can say that the devil is in the details. Assume there are 5-10 small changes like this, it makes a very noticeable overall difference.
You may have noticed, currently the platforms are running in parallel. For example, if you pull up a list of your api keys it will reflect those created using GDAX or CBpro. You can place trades and view orders from both as well. The FIX api works gracefully using either. 
Basically, IMO their method of transitioning has been executed well at this stage, hopefully they will keep it up. Who knows - maybe one day their lack of customer support, venue issues etc. will be forgotten. Would love nothing more than to trust Coinbase to the extent of the CME (as an example). Let's just hope they never strip the maker incentive. Post-only orders are a game changer (especially for our purposes at BG :) !!
@_date: 2018-06-22 17:10:53
What type of trading are you doing? Swing trading? Feel free to check out our site - I would recommend reading "Low-latency architecture CliffNotes" in "Documents" (for members).. Generally speaking, I would stay away from bots that are advertising/stating profit, if that's what your after. If you're interested in configurable software to optimize your own trading (with your own instincts) check us out. Our currently main featured software "AutoMaker" is for rapidly submitting post-only orders to GDAX/Coinbase pro with the click of a b. We have several pieces of software being released over the next week or two (individual tools) which are strategy oriented (order-cancel-order style etc) - used to trade at Binance and Poloniex as well. Otherwise, there are plenty of great developers out there that could customize a strategy for you (we don't do that currently). Just be careful.
Btw - my  suggestion is that you use "software" not websites where you enter in your credentials (that is our main pitch, as you'll see). If you have a GDAX account, you can easily create an api key and that provides a high layer of security vs using your credentials (which we see often).
In terms of resources to learn - tell me more about your goals and I'll provide some suggestions.
@_date: 2018-06-21 22:39:06
Ah, I see. For easy convenience (especially via mobile) it I agree it is super easy to use Coinbase. Obviously, if you're trading constantly it makes more sense to use GDAX post-only...but from a long term investment standpoint makes sense to snag the offer easily. Btw - my account is only two weeks old, sent you a message about testing some of our software (used to trade Binance) pre-release. If you didn't get it and are interested let me know.
@_date: 2018-06-21 21:27:09
It would be amazing if they release an app for Windows! Or any app! I'm with you on this one. The GDAX interface can be a bit bourgeois, especially in heated markets. 
Btw .. for anyone using AWS EC2 instances for trading software, don't run the GDAX site on the same machine - use the gdax site at home to watch your orders and run the software from amazon.. Especially if using for example a T2 medium which runs on CPU credits (which are the most viable instances). Somehow, the RDP/something graphical/network related will literally make the instances freeze up. Generally, it is good practice to run software without any browsers/other programs open, but FYI if you've been having freeze ups...that is why.
@_date: 2018-06-21 22:10:51
Hey BreckDave ... what app are you referring to?
@_date: 2018-06-21 21:57:52
Ok .. so what you and the Rollin Thief are saying, this is real ! Wow, how progressive! I haven't researched yet but will take your word for it.
@_date: 2018-06-21 22:02:29
Yes this is a solid point (Evil, regarding "pro"). In my opinion, wasn't the best choice ... Hopefully they can be "pros" though in terms of customer service! I did read something that they were adding new staff etc., but cannot remember where. Have you heard anything about this?
@_date: 2018-06-21 21:29:51
GDAX doesn't have a mobile app. I assume you mean Coinbase (not Coinbase Pro). Btw - there is a "GDAX Crypto Tracker" but that is NOT Gdax .. probably a scam. 
@_date: 2019-02-20 16:14:42
[ ]  ( )  { }  ⟨ ⟩ !! Bracket up
@_date: 2019-02-18 17:22:53
Thank you for the response. You seem to have an issue with our company, considering you have posted this information continuously. Please read the article in detail, you seem to be confused.
1. The article applies to "non leveraged digital asset exchanges".
2. The article applies to "bracket orders" (conditional orders). If you have no trading experience outside of cryptocurrency, this may be confusing for you. OCO is a sub-component of bracket orders, and optional. For example, one may choose to have a conditional stop upon the fill of a Parent order - involving no OCO.
3. Bitfinex does not accept U.S. customers.
If you have further concerns, I'd be glad to take a call. Otherwise, it would be much appreciated if you stop targeting the company.