@_author: big_chungas6969
@_date: 2019-03-03 06:10:50
Honestly, I think you should check out Binance first. It is a mobile app and a website and it's pretty easy to use and set up, it's also secure allowing you to set up 2 factor authentication. There is no KYC up to a certain amount I believe it is 2 BTC/ 24hrs, but if you want to withdraw over 100 BTC daily then you have to verify your account. Also the great thing about this exchange is you can now buy coins with practically anything BTC, ETH, XRP, and even stable coins like Tether, USDC, Paxos Std, True USD or even credit/debit card. Fees are much lower than shitty Coinbase especially if you buy using their native coin BNB which can get you a 25% discount. Also you are able to export most of the coins they offer to an external hardware wallet. They also just recently launched their Decentralized test net, so that's a plus for you to go check it out. 
Another option could be using Abra which is a mobile app. They might use KYC, not sure on this one though. The great thing about them is setting up is very easy and if you import your funds directly from a bank account there are no fees other than what they say is the network fee which can be 100-150$ more than current price of BTC, but it isn't a big deal if you're looking for the most convenient way to purchase BTC and other alts. 
Warning if you buy any  funds other than BTC, BCH or Litecoin on Abra you will not be able to export them to a hardware wallet as they do not support this service yet unlike binance. Also if you are new to crypto I cannot stress the importance of this enough, under no circumstances do not forget your seed phrase that you make in the beginning. Hope this helps! 
@_date: 2019-02-18 16:39:34
Do you think a GoFundMe could work in his case?
@_date: 2019-02-20 16:52:46
Nice bro I also just became part of it yesterday! Been in crypto for about 2.5 years now and it feels kind of nice being able to say that you own one. Next step is to take it offline onto a hardware wallet so your funds don't get lost if a Quadriga CX event happens with your exchange. Remember not your keys, not your crypto.