@_author: bigbaffler
@_date: 2019-04-17 17:16:00
Well, if nobody but you can use your adress, how are you going to convince the authorities that it wasn't you who did the payment?? And if you are the only one to use it and your adress is involved in an illegal transaction, you will be prosecuted. 
I think you should skip the leftist hope and wishful thinking glasses and use your brain to determine reality. I'm not bashing or anything but I think you will be in for a bad surprise 2 or 3 years from now
@_date: 2019-04-16 13:33:51
dream on, dude :) When your grandpa or any other person did the TX by using your adress and the transaction is  involved in something illegal, you're automatically prosecuted for money laundering.   
The people who installed the rules weren't stupid.
@_date: 2019-04-16 14:55:23
I wonder why everybody is so surprised, tbh. Do you really think the authorities are just sitting there and watch how they slowly lose control? Nope, there are several cyber - forensic companies that make millions with researching blockchain transactions and how to get the anonymity away from anonymous chains. 
If you dig deeper, you might as well find out that all that "it's the peoples money" BS is a big lie and that you want to go back to cash, real estate and gold. 
Crypto, no matter how well you mix it and try to hide it is never anonymous not even privacy chains. all it takes is one simple human "error" and you are fked till the end of days. 
Even worse, you can get prosecuted for serious delicts you had nothing to do with just because your coin got mixed together with coins that are part of crimes that happened years back. The coins in question get tagged and once you're stupid enough to use a mixer, your coins get mixed up with tagged coins and boom, you're in for a nasty surprise.   
  
I'm not saying crypto is bullshit, all I'm saying is that you probably use different payment methods if you want privacy.
@_date: 2019-04-17 15:48:02
You're contradicting yourself. First you say you tell "them" that they need to prove that it was you who did the TX and not your grandpa.  
Then you say it's impossible because other people would use their adresses by definition.   
It sounds like you really need an update on cybersecurity though. Google cyphertrace et al...they make huge bank on the fact that these smart peoples' rules still apply to bitcoin ;)
@_date: 2019-04-16 09:22:37
Guys, did you really believe in all this "it's my money and I do with it whatever I want" BS??? 
Lol, the blockchain is the best surveillance tool ever created by mankind. In 20 years they can track back that you tipped a stripper with BTC yesterday since every single transaction is on the chain. 
All they need is an entry point aka a fiat to crypto exchange with KYC/AML procedures and all your transactions are on public record.
@_date: 2018-11-02 19:31:58
Really, I don't post much these days but when it comes to ignorance, paranoia and stupidity this post takes the biscuit. 
Why on earth did CBOE futures hurt BTC price? Also, you should be glad all those ETF's have not been approved. Have you ever read a prospectus of one of those? You like being duped, yes? Then vouch for those ETF's. Man, what a muppet. 
BAKKT is a way for institutionals to finally enter the stage. Isn't this what you all dream about? Public acceptance, no?
So if you want BTC to become a form of payment, you have to let the boys do their work. Because tinfoil hats like you don't have any idea how to set up collateralized lending, repo markets, insurance, custodian services, reinsurance, in short business that allow you to buy stuff you don't need with money you don't have. 
Next time, please inform yourself before you post. 
@_date: 2018-11-04 00:25:29
Is that a pseudocorrelation like it always rains the next day when the lotto numbers end with a 3?
Could it be that you don't have the slightest idea of how a market is structured and that the presence of short sellers rather supress volatility because they are buyers in a market crash? 
"Historically" futures marlets did nothing to commodity prices and you can find as many examples for upward pressure after the futures came out (currencies). So now be a well behaved muppet and hit the laffy taffy buy button. We all wait for someone to fill our sell orders.
@_date: 2018-11-04 05:51:50
Market will go up and down just like 2017, 2018 and all the years before. Find an edge and trade. End of discussion.
@_date: 2018-11-04 05:34:38
No, it's not. First of all the crash did not come after CBOE futures because they are priced against the Gemini exchange and nobody cares about Gemini. The crash came after the introduction of CME futures...but not because the "bad institutions" took all your candy and went short to destroy your leftard dreams.
Have you ever checked how much volume trades on the CBOE? 1200 contracts in the front month, which is 1200BTC.
And how much volume does CME do? 1500 contracts...which is 7500BTC. 
So both futures exchanges did 8500BTC notional combined today. And how much Bitcoin is trading daily? Right, more than half a million BTC even on a shiity day like today. If you wanted to put them on coinmarketcap, CME would be ranked around  and CBOE 
I remember every trollbox, reddit, twitter thanking the gods for the CME. "Finally the recognise us, finally BTC becomes mainatream, to the moon" and everybody bought like crazy because they thought once the futures are live, the institutionals would jump on the bandwagon and drive the price...CBOE was a busted flush and on the day CME went live, nothing happened, nada, zero. A handfull of contracts traded. 
No institutional showed up, neither to buy neither to destroy BTC and sell short.
And you know what happens when everybody buys for the same obvious reason...especially when the buyers have more cash than sanity, zero trading experience and zero risk management in a Mickey Mouse market that neither has a mature derivatives market nor a margin lending market so shorts can ease the pain in a crash by covering their positions?
Exactly. Every Sam and Sally wants to get rid of their position at the same time..and this is called a bursted bubble. Same as 1929, 2001, 2008. Too many rednecks buying too much stuff they have no clue about with money they dont have and dump it all at once. Railroads, Internet, Houses. 
After the rude awakening a scapegoat is needed. Speculators, program trading and derivatives..always welcome.
So why am I so hostile...well you know, you have the same mentality like the monkeys who drove the price to 20k. No idea about anything but making bold claims with a twisted reality as a foundation and seasoned with a healthy amount of finger pointing. 
I trade BTC on a daily basis and I don't like the institutionals either, cause they are my competition. But saying they will destroy BTC is like saying a doctor is going to cripple you because he cuts away your smokers leg.
We all need those guys because they know how to math and how to setup the infrastructure. 90% of all BTC users don't even know how to make a transaction without an app or premade function in their exchange wallet. They don't want to know about elliptic curve encription, they want a button to press that's named "Send"...and someone has to make sure that this complicated mess is so easy to handle that even you can understand it. 
And if you somehow excluded the financial industry from crypto, it simply will die, because sure as hell YOU are not going to send up insurance for a custody service. YOU are not going to set up crypto debit/credit cards...but they are.
So again: please, please with whipped cream and a cherry on top. Educate yourself before you post bullshit on the internet. Brainfarts like yours start wars and genocide. An uneducated, one sided claim that asigns guilt for a random event to a certain part of human society. 
Its not dangerous because its so stupid, it's dangerous because there are so many guys like you.
@_date: 2018-12-07 07:37:04
You forgot the short seller, who's laughing all the way to the bank.
@_date: 2018-12-28 07:43:35
As long as you don't know how to hedge your BTC income against price fluctuations, you should not be doing it. Just accepting BTC and hold them turns you into a speculator and you don't want to be doing that. 