@_author: bigbadwuf
@_date: 2014-11-16 23:49:40
**Wow - that's power**. With those three words you've flushed:
* 14 years of scientific research 
* a 7 years history of monetization 
* Not to mention 40 petaFLOPS per day of ACTUAL computational power (not just useless hashes) 
Rewarding FAH contributors with digital credit has existed longer than Bitcoin. But yes, point taken about the current implementation being centralized around one (albeit HUGE) University's DCN. I believe there are broader plans for CC 2.0 as cix888 stated.
@_date: 2014-11-16 03:18:34
Curecoin's underlying means of production (the Folding-at-Home Network) and security have been around for over 14 years. 9 years before the original Bitcoin source-code was released. Chances are the underlying PoW component will exist regardless of what happens to BTC. Additionally, EVGA "Bucks" have already proven that monetization and competition dramatically increase scientific data output since 2008.
CURE leverages F software with a unique certificate-based blockchain and Peercoin style "minting" to support a HUGE university DCN project. Any limitations are overshadowed by CURE's potential to positively impact the human race. The greater the competition for CURE becomes - the more scientific data CURE's network produces for humanity. Its exactly the opposite of gold mining in terms of production vs. scarcity vs. value (and environmental impact).
The Folding-at-Home network produces 40 PetaFLOPS of scientific research data every day (the equivalent of three  IBM Titan Supercomputers). The Curecoin team contributes a significant portion to that scientific output, and has moved into 5th place on the Folding boards - beating out many corporate contributors like Google and HP (Incidentally, the EVGA team is  in over-all production, but the Curecoin team is on a trajectory to overtake it). 
 
It should also be noted that Curecoin has open communication channels with other Universities and Institutes, and plans on integrating more Distributed Computing (DCN) projects in version 2.0
Anyway, I admit being biased - Curecoin was the first altcoin I ever looked at that just made sense for the future of humanity. 
Good luck with your search.