@_author: bigchiefmaiz
@_date: 2019-05-18 15:23:15
Because it’s irrelevant to today’s market conditions? Crypto was seen as a joke by most back then.
@_date: 2019-05-13 18:05:15
Well if you are trying to approach this problem from a pure maths perspective based on the ‘concept’ of infinity alone than it will always fail because the domain of this problem is in physical reality and not abstract space. Why would you even try to derive an answer about physical reality anyway from a pure maths context when the two domains literally do not perfectly intersect? 
So we have arrived at two perfectly true and acceptable answers: the real applied solution, being what I outlined above about limits in our reality (and since we live here why do we care about abstract space when our reality is not entirely abstract!), and then the futile purely conceptual approach (because it’s pure math) to an actual system, our reality. 
Sure, you can derive and confuse yourself all you want with pure maths but the context we are addressing this problem in is not in the realm of pure maths and as such cannot reasonably be asked because pure maths in this sense has no relation to or system to work with for the question about pies to be asked. Because in pure math there is no pie other than 3.14 (a pun here), in other words the notion of this physical pie and actually solving the problem by distributing it to my friends has no meaning in pure math and here is where I identify our disconnect.
Your comment about trying to squint seems to want to disregard practical/applied mathematics when in fact you actually supporting my case because you agree with my observation in the practical physical context. You are still holding your position in the pure maths domain and you are right to do so, and I also agree,...but this reality I’m afraid is not ‘pure’ math and as such ‘in a way’, though not really as I have already tried explaining, we are tying to solve an incompatible question with pure, or the wrong, tools. 
Perhaps this is because pure maths takes no other system than itself into account?
@_date: 2019-05-13 15:08:14
But how though? It doesn’t matter what the number is. Anything multiplied by 0 is 0 (in the case of infinity as close to its limit as possible but not actually 0 but I support this exception in that infinity is more of a concept (while still being a number?) but is actually not a tangible number)! Why is common sense not good enough to suffice as an answer for this problem?
@_date: 2019-05-13 16:47:04
I’m really not satisfied with that answer because even if I had infinitely many friends I still have the same finite number, let’s say 2, of pies. I really don’t understand why you come to this conclusion of ‘oh we don’t know how many pies we have started with’...yes you do. Open your eyes and look at the table. You have two pies. 
I don’t care even if you attempt to give your infinitely many friends a single atom of their pie which will give them their slice. Oh...but there are still a finite number of atom slices here.  Also, your mathematical analogy doesn’t work anyway because 1 or any finite number divided by infinity will only approach zero because infinity is ever expanding but the result will never actually be 0 this implying we do in fact have a finite number of pies Or even fractions of pies to start with. 
Plus, trying to work backwards like that disregards the fact of our limit case because our infinite division of a finite resource will always hit the physical limit of the contents of such resources thus proving that we already know how many pies or fractions of pies we have to work with(either the whole two pies or the physical limit of their quantified atoms)...otherwise we could not even ask this question.