@_author: bigdabguy
@_date: 2019-02-26 01:46:03
Yes, thats the idea. But also remember you can't receive more funds than you put in the channel. So for example if you're planning on receiving lightning network payments, you'll need to have enough inbound capacity. I also wanted to say for the record I am not a fan of the lightning network, I think its extremely over complicated and will lead to massive centralization issues around the riches nodes.
On top of that, end users won't want to/be able to use it without custodial solutions. They'll need to be running their own full node from their homes, how many people are going to take the time to figure it out? Who is going to want to spend more than a few dollars to open or close a lightning channel? If the plan is to onboard to lightning directly, whats the point of even having the base chain if you can't cash out without massive fees? Lightning wallets are inherently hot wallets, what if i want to store my coins offline? Will I be able to in the future as fees rise? I unfortunately don't think I will be a few years down the line. 
Businesses aren't going to want to figure it out, users aren't gonna want to use it. Without use, Bitcoin will die.
 You say you're not trying to point out flaws, but there are many flaws with the lightning network that need to be figured out if it has any hope of adoption.
@_date: 2019-02-26 01:22:39


Yes, you need an onchain transaction to open and close a channel, and onchain transactions require fees. The idea is you wouldn't use the channel for just a single transaction, you'd use it for multiple transactions. However lightning nodes are inherently online wallets, and those who want cold wallet security will have to pay a tx fee to close the channel every time they want to store their coins.


Yes, the only fees a LN transaction can occur are routing fees. If someone opens a channel directly with you, there are no fees apart from the channel opening and closing fees. If you open a channel with a highly connected, highly liquid node, customers can route payments through these routing nodes. Routing fees are often as low as one satoshi


This could be the case, but instead we have routed payment channels. The nodes with the most liquidity will be the ones people connect to most often. These will become central nodes that can route payments to anyone.


I believe these features are being worked on but for right now, not that I'm aware of.


Back to the routing thing, you'll only need a few channels with central routing nodes and those will be connected to merchants. You'll need to connect to the nodes with the most capital locked up as those node will be able to provide the most liquidity.


You can't move funds between channels unless you do some onchain transactions. 


I think it's six confirmations.


If one party is off-line, payments are not possible. Also, if you don't have a watchtower set up and your channel partner is malicious, they could steal your coins. See publishing old channel states.
I don't think you're misunderstanding anything, this is just how the lightning network works.
@_date: 2019-02-26 02:42:21
No problem! I would really recommend looking at other cryptocurrencies that are more suited towards payments. Bitcoin is being intentionally designed as a store of value vs a medium of exchange. Many are not "shitcoins," lots are being designed with the goal of being electronic cash. Lightning network as a proposed solution won't work, so other coins may pick up the slack and let bitcoin be the top dog for value storage. Although, whats the point of a having a store of value coin if the cash-coin does everything Bitcoin does and is cheap to transfer... 
Bitcoin doesn't need to replace the existing financial system to survive, it just needs to survive.
@_date: 2019-04-29 16:40:15


Here's something we can agree on. However, what if people just *don't* want to use segwit? You're saying we should allow the user to make the choice, which I fully agree with. How do we get to that 32,252 number without 100% segwit, especially if we want to preserve user choice. 










I did read it the first time, thank you. When I say "idea" I mean ideas on how to scale the network. If 100% segwit transactions will increase throughput of the network, then that is a valid idea on how to scale.
What you've just described to me is that segwit was implemented to 
1. reduces the overall cost of transactions by discounting witness data and increasing the capacity of the bitcoin blockchain 
2.  correct a misalignment of incentives that may have inadvertently created more bloat in the UTXO set. 
So what you're saying is that segwit fixed some issue with Bitcoin's incentive structure. And, as a result, allowed for lower fees and more transactions per block. Please verify my understanding of this.


I also have some questions about this statement
You're taking that 4 million users number from a tweet that gives no underlying evidence.
If you're using Eltoo, apparently you're using a different trust model. I asked earlier and I'll ask again, what is this altered trust model that is offered? 
And if you're using Eltoo without any onchain transactions, why am I running my own node? I was told you need to run a node to verify your transactions. If, in the future, everyone will be transacting off chain, what's the point in my node? What am I verifying?
Also, if the goal is to keep fees low, how will the miners get paid after the block reward runs out? Eventually will the network be in a state where normal users can't transact onchain anymore? At that point, how does cold storage work?
@_date: 2019-04-25 23:20:07
I'm not holding, i feel like if everyone is just holding Bitcoin becomes a ponzi scheme. It needs to have use to be valuable, but I feel like lightning is just way to difficult for anyone who doesn't have a background in computer science
@_date: 2019-04-25 22:47:06
You make a lot of very bold claims without any evidence


Why not? I thought that was the whole point of bitcoin, was to be a digital cash system that would allow people to transfer value in a peer to peer manner. You're just flat saying we cannot scale. What about other developments that allow base layer to scale? There've been massive improvements to block propagation technology along with full node optimization. Why not work on scaling instead of saying we can't?
Edit: Here's a development update from Flowee The Hub, a different full node implementation on a different PoW blockchain.  [ 


What part of a blocksize increase kills decentralized consensus? What does that even mean? The current development cycle of Bitcoin is that changes are proposed by developers. If enough people like the change and run the code, then the protocol will be upgraded. Call it decentralized consensus if you'd like, but if a blocksize increase was proposed and accepted by the community nothing would change. Bitcoin would just have more transaction capacity.


Again, you're making bold claims about a piece of technology that has only been around for 10 years. Why is trying to scale the base layer such a terrible idea?


This sounds a hell of a lot like the current banking system that is wrought with problems, hence bitcoin's existence in the first place.
From what I understand, the biggest reason to not increase the blocksize is to make it so users can run their own full node at home. Personally, I don't think that's necessary, but I'll go with it. If the only rational solution you can think involves average users moving completely off the main chain, what are they verifying with their node?
Also, doesn't this kind of defeat the point of Bitcoin if your coins are held by a "community owned bank," i.e a third party? One of the main selling points of Bitcoin was that you could send money anywhere, anytime, and no one could tell you you can't. Are we going to get to the point where I have to request that my Bitcoin Sidechain Bank sends funds on my behalf? Why not just use venmo or paypal?
Also, this doesn't really talk about the issue of actually ONBOARDING users. Lets say it's ten years in the future, Bitcoin is popular and has evolved as you described. Normal users have been completely priced out of the main chain, which is dominated by extremely high value transactions. If I go to buy some Bitcoins, how do I receive them? If I receive them on Lightning network, I'll never be able to withdraw them. Lightning Network nodes, along with the private keys associated with the funds, are inherently Always-Online to watch for channel state fraud. If I want to put my Bitcoins in cold storage, I will physically not be able to do that because main chain fees are so high. Lets say I do some wacky swap and move onto a side chain, Blockstream's Liquid for example. I am no longer trusting the miners (who follow the incentives layed out in whitepaper), I am trusting the 23 exchanges that have signed on to protect my coins. This is a complete exit of what Bitcoin was made to be.
@_date: 2019-04-29 03:46:46
I agree that the early bitcoin software wasn't very easy to use in the slightest, but this isn't a matter of user-friendly software availability. These are fundamental design flaws. How do you suggest solving these issues?
What massive design flaw did Bitcoin have from the start?
@_date: 2019-04-25 19:41:25
Can you show me any time where the blocks have been consistently over 2MB?
This is the graph for blocksizes over the past year, the largest blocks mined are still only around 1.3 MB
This is the graph for the last month where we've had a transaction backlog, average fee increase, and consistently full blocks. However, the largest blocks that are being mined are still only 1.25 MB max.
Taken directly from the lightning network whitepaper;














Lightning Network was designed with the assumption that the blocksize would be over 100MB. How do you propose we scale the lighting network when one of the fundamental assumptions for the network is false?
Edit: With 100% segwit usage will be able to expect a blocksize of 1.7 MB, with the occasional block over 2MB due to massive signature data that will be discounted. However, segwit adoption has stalled at under 40% adoption for close to a year
 [
@_date: 2019-04-25 20:01:23
You are correct, please see my above comment for sources and charts
@_date: 2019-04-25 23:05:40
Lightning Loop is an experimental service that requires a third party. The Lightning Labs developers have stated that the final release of Loop will also have fees associated with using the service. I think the infographic should only include software that doesn't rely on third parties.
@_date: 2019-04-26 06:02:49


I think your entire premise is invalid. The Bitcoin network is not two equally powerful miners. It is comprised of miners located all around the world with varying levels of hashrate


Not only would Alice be out of the job, she'd also be out millions and millions of dollars worth of mining equipment. If Alice has half the hashrate, I'm going to assume Alice is manufacturing her own miners. She's also lost possibly years of research and development into SHA-256 ASIC development. If a miner doesn't hold Bitcoin it doesn't mean they're not invested in the network.


It's not just the miners though. The SPV wallet can connect to many, many full nodes. These full nodes can be run by businesses that would look at the cost of a good PC as a business expense. It's not just blindly trusting the majority of miners. If a miner does try something like doubling the block reward AND they have 51% of the hashrate, the majority of full nodes would still reject the block. SPV wallet poll full nodes, not miners.


This is gatekeeping. Alice has supposedly invested massive amounts of capital to have half the hashrate of the bitcoin network, she absolutely deserves a vote. Bitcoin works on the assumption that at least 51% of the network is honest. If that assumption fails, we have bigger issues at hand.
However, there's good news! A 51% attack has never happened and the likely hood that it could happen decreases every time a new miner joins the network.


I think you have this backwards. Bitcoin is not a stock, where holding some coins gives you a say in the future of the network. This concept actually already has a name, its called Proof of Stake. By staking the coins you're holding, you have a say in the production of blocks and the future of the network
However, Bitcoin uses a proof of work consensus system. The fact that he is a miner is EXACTLY why he has a right to vote on the future of Bitcoin.


Completely agree here. But this does not mean the average end user at home needs to run a full node.
Edit: Wanted to include this part from one of my previous comments
 
What is even the attack vector against SPV wallets for a 51% attack? There are two things a malicious miner could do with 51% of the hashrate.
1. They could prevent new transactions from gaining confirmations, halting the network.
2. They could reverse transactions that were confirmed in the last few blocks. Waiting for 6+ confirmations makes it nearly computationally impossible to reverse the transaction
There is no way for a miner to reverse old blocks nor create coins out of thin air
Source: [
There has never been a 51% attack on the Bitcoin network. The miners are incentivized to keep the network secure, lest the price of the coin drops and they lose their mining equipment investment.
Here's the solution to the extremely unlikely threat that a 51% attack happens; if you're receiving transactions, wait for enough confirmations that make you feel safe. Sending $100k? Wait for a few confirmations, 6 should only take an hour.
@_date: 2019-04-26 20:31:28


Thank you for being civil, I feel like this sub lacks a lot of technical discussions.


I would agree we shouldn't make it so it's only possible for miners to run a full node, but what is that limit? At what point is the network sufficiently decentralized? 
You're thinking in absolutes. Making it marginally more difficult to run a full node does not automatically equal ceding all power to the miners. 
I don't think people should run nodes "for the good of the network." Bitcoin shouldn't have to rely on the goodwill and charity of users. If you manage to derive value from using a full node, then, by all means, run a full node. 
Who would gain value from running a full node? Developers running tests, needing a full copy of the blockchain. People building applications that require read/write ability to the blockchain. Businesses that receive hundreds if not thousands of transactions per day. Running a full node gives them a slightly quicker verification.
If all those groups ran full node, would you consider the network decentralized?


The first system that has solved the Byzantine general's problem is the Bitcoin network. Every other crypto that has also "solved" it has derived their solution from the Bitcoin network.
If I'm understanding your argument correctly, you're advocating for sidechains that can be secured with the same technology as Bitcoin. Is that not just another blockchain? You're arguing that blockchains can't scale at the base layer, how will adding additional blockchains on top help the issue? Why not dedicate development resources to scaling the base layer, adding second layer technologies as they are perfected? 
On top of this, sidechains will inherently not have the same security as Bitcoin. As I said, Liquid is a federation of 23 exchanges. You're trusting the majority of these exchanges. Liquid isn't some open system that anyone can join, you need to apply to be in the federation. The architecture is just fundamentally broken, how do you propose we change it?


I agree with the first part of the statement completely. Solo miners are free to support the mining pool of their choice. But the majority of transactions migrating from the basechain to sidechains is a much more of a drastic change to the network vs the transition from solo to pooled mining.
When mining went from personal miners to pooled mining, nothing really changed. Miners were still the ones confirming transactions. If a majority of transactions move to Liquid, we now have the Exchange Federation verifying the majority of transactions.


I'm assuming you're equating interacting directly with the SWIFT network to interacting directly with the basechain. The thing is, the two are completely different. Users can interact with the basechain using SPV technology extremely easily. People who get value from running a full node should run a full node. 
Approaching the scaling issue with unproven technology is stupid in my opinion. Why are we banking the future of decentralizing money on the Lightning network and sidechains?
@_date: 2019-04-26 06:20:35
Setting up a node, watching your funds go up and down based on base-layer fees, having to keep your node online 24/7, having to be online to receive payments
Those are a few off the top of my head
@_date: 2019-04-26 05:45:24


Okay, what is the biggest problem in your opinion? I've heard block propogation is an issue, but there've been massive improvements in that area. See Graphene or XThinner, allowing blocks to be transmitted using 99.4ish% compression rates. If you're worried about the UTXO set, it will naturally grow as more people use Bitcoin. If you want to limit the UTXO set, you want to limit the number of people who can use Bitcoin. 


What is even the attack vector against SPV wallets for a 51% attack? There are two things a malicious miner could do with 51% of the hashrate. 
1. They could prevent new transactions from gaining confirmations, halting the network. 
2. They could reverse transactions that were confirmed in the last few blocks. Waiting for 6+ confirmations makes it nearly computationally impossible to reverse the transaction
There is no way for a miner to reverse old blocks nor create coins out of thin air
Source:  [ 
There has never been a 51% attack on the Bitcoin network. The miners are incentivized to keep the network secure, lest the price of the coin drops and they lose their mining equipment investment.
Here's the solution to the extremely unlikely threat that a 51% attack happens; if you're receiving transactions, wait for enough confirmations that make you feel safe. Sending $100k? Wait for a few confirmations, 6 should only take an hour. 


 Fraud proofs only provide a marginal increase to security. The only issue they solve is the one I described above, and that can be solved by waiting for confirmations. 
Also, fraud proofs have materialized along with greater SPV privacy technology. Neutrino Wallet has a new take on SPV tech, along with this [fraud-proof proposal from the Scaling Bitcoin Tokyo]( workshop


Firstly, Segwit is not needed for Schnorr sigs. It is being implemented on other PoW blockchains that do not have the transaction malleability fix that segwit provides.
What makes a dev B-rate? If they develop something that helps scale the blockchain and allow more users to use Bitcoin as peer-to-peer electronic cash, that is something I'd be interested in seeing added to Bitcoin


Schnorr will only provide a 30-40% increase in on-chain transaction capacity. When googling drivechains, it seems the idea was first being talked about in 2015. It is now *four years* later, what news about this technology have you heard? Who is developing it? When is it coming?
My issue with the Lightning network is that it has several designed flaws that, coupled with the 1MB blocksize, make the system unusable. Right now, most Lightning wallets require you to run a full node that is always online. I understand there is one non-custodial mobile lightning wallet, but most other usable wallets are custodial. 
I think that this will end up with most users using custodial wallets, which is the exact opposite of what Bitcoin is trying to achieve. If we are "settling" for security but forcing users to custodial options, we're going in the wrong direction
Here are just a few of my qualms with LN.
* you can be at risk of losing your funds if your phone breaks and your data gets lost. 
* There isn't any easy way to recover channel states, which means your money can get locked up until the other party 
* Your node needs to always be online, which means your private keys must also constantly be online. If fees continue to rise and users have issues transacting back to the main chain, normally people won't be able to store their coins on hardware wallets.
* Current Lightning Network topology is already centralizing around a few nodes. [Nearly half of the top 50 most connected lightning nodes are owned by LNBig.com](
* [Over half of the top 50 most funded nodes are also owned by LNBig.com](
@_date: 2019-04-29 14:35:03
Thank you for the suggestions, I'll definitely look into those


You posted two links with your original comment, I only managed to open one of them. I'm reading through this now.
However, this quote shows up nowhere in this paper. Can you link me the video/paper where this is said? And is there any math/proof to back up this guy's claims?
@_date: 2019-04-29 14:01:17
Can you please tell me of any upcoming technology that solves these issues? I keep reading about channel liquidity, and it seems like a huge issue that you can't receive payments greater than the value of the channel, nor can you receive payments unless you have inbound liquidity.
For example, this article details some of the issues I'm talking about.
The article metion's BitRefill's Thor service, but even that is a service where you "purchase" channel openings. IE, exactly what I said in my last comment.
Also, I'm not counting Lightning Loop as that will be a third party service that charges fees
@_date: 2019-04-25 23:33:21
Why don't blockchains scale? I thought the whole point was that not everyone needed to run a full node, only those who are mining or businesses that are dealing with hundreds of transactions per day. Users can use SPV wallets. How does additional SPV wallet users make anything inefficent? 
Edit: The point of SPV is that a user can verify that their transactions were included in a block without downloading the whole blockchain. All they need is the blockheaders.
@_date: 2019-04-29 13:32:50


You didn't answer my question. I'm asking for specific design flaws that were fixed by software or messing with the incentives


Many people thought Bitcoin scaling was a non-problem from day one, including Satoshi himself. Can you comment on this email from SN to Mike Hearn?
 [ 


@_date: 2019-04-29 13:51:19
You can't just "start receiving lightning transactions." A channel still needs to be created where you control one of the keys of the channel. 
With the lightning network, you can't receive money until you've spent money or someone creates a channel with you that gives you inbound liquidity.
In your example, you're implying that someone who lives off dollars a day can receive lightning payments. The exchange (or whoever is giving them the money)  still needs to open a channel with the user's node. If opening a channel costs $1, is the company/other user going to pay for that? Will they charge extra fees to open a channel with you? If the average payments of someone living off dollars a day are something like $0.50, why would a third party open a channel with you when the amount they want to send is more than what it costs to create the channel?
@_date: 2019-04-26 06:08:24
Okay, lets say we make it so easy to run a Lightning node that its a one click process. What about people who don't have access to consistent electricity? Or they only smart phone from 2012 that physically couldn't run a Lightning node, but could run a simple Bitcoin wallet. I feel like Lightning is limiting Bitcoin to those in the first world.
@_date: 2019-04-29 14:15:32
I'm not asking for explanations or even links. I'm just asking you to name some project/tech that is trying to solve these issues.  I'll do the research for myself. I'm not trying to misrepresent anything at all, these are known LN issues.
If there's something off in my understanding, I'll happily correct myself and edit my comments. However, from what I have found, isn't anything concrete that can solve these issues. They seem like fundamental, base level design flaws.
Edit: grammer
@_date: 2019-04-25 23:47:14
Segwit has never reached 50%, the highest it got was to 47.5ish% and that lasted for about a day or two. Since then, the average segwit usage has averaged under 40%
Source:  [
~~The largest block that has ever been mined on the~~ [~~Bitcoin network was 1.305 MB~~]( which happened in Feburary.~~
My mistake, there was a block mined that was 2.24 MB  [ 
Even with full segwit adoption,[blocks will only be around 1.6-2.0MB.]( That 2.2-2.4MB number might happen with nearly all txs in a block being LN transactions, which have much more signature data which is discounted thanks to segwit
Edit: this makes the final part even more relevant the 2.24 MB block only included 1609 transactions. For comparison, the latest block mined on the network was under a MB and included 2776 transactions
 [
@_date: 2019-04-29 16:13:51


I don't want to force segwit, and I never said I wanted a hardfork. You're taking my words out of context
I asked if the desire is 100% segwit transaction, why not do it as a hardfork instead of changing incentives to entice people to use it?
Your answer was that people in the community did not want a hardfork. So is the idea to make fees more expensive so people will want to switch on their own over time?


I wasn't really talking about the full roadmap, but I'm thankful you linked that.
I'm really not trying to act in bad faith. I have tried researching Lightning network, reading proponents and opponents, and I do appreciate you answering questions.
However, when I bring these issues up, I'm often just ridiculed or told I'm acting in bad faith. I'm just looking for answers regarding these flaws that people keep pointing out in the design of the LN. If they're false, great.
And still, you haven't answered my base question. How will channel opening/closing work when fees are high? I keep seeing people say that high fees are a security necessity, wont this price out any channel that is below the fee rate? Will it be impossible to put small amounts in cold storage due to the fees?
@_date: 2019-04-26 20:01:40
The only one of those points that were relevant in 2012 was the difficulty of setting up a node.
In 2012, you weren't forced to keep your private keys online to receive payments. That is, however, you've already *made* payments from the channel. You didn't need to have sent payments to receive payments. Varying base layer fees didn't affect your wallet balances.
These don't seem like things people will learn over time, these seem like design problems.
@_date: 2019-04-26 01:03:48


What about blockchain pruning? Transactions from 10 years ago don't need to be stored after the initial block download/validation. More users does mean more transactions, but I'm not sure how that comes out to be O(n\^2)


You aren't really trusting a third party, you're trusting a majority of full node operators on the Bitcoin network. From my understanding, SPV wallets validate block headers. If a consensus rule is broken by a miner, the block they broadcast is invalid and the header, in turn, will also be invalid.
In addition, you can simply connect to more nodes. Connect to 100, and follow the block header that the majority agree on.


literally the whole point of SPV technology is so that you can validate your transactions without having to worry about other transactions in the block


I don't really understand what you're talking about here. Segwit made it so transactions are *counted* different, they didn't make them physically smaller. In fact, we semi-regularly see blocks between 1.1 and 1.3 MB. This is increasing the size of the chain faster than if we didn't have segwit.
@_date: 2019-04-29 15:49:00
Thank you again for the links, I've been reading through them. I do have a few questions if you don't mind answering them


This statistic is correct, however, the article also offers another number


What is the difference between a transaction and an output in terms of scaling? Obviously, a transaction can have more than one output. But for standard transactions, it appears that the real limit of transactions is 12195... any refute of this?
My other issue is that I thought segwit was specifically done as a softfork so that it was backwards compatible and nodes didn't need to upgrade. Has that changed to "the network needs everyone to switch in order to scale?"
Also, segwit support has stalled for nearly a year at just around 40%. It has never gone above 50% for any significant amount of time.
Are we just assuming those not using segwit will be priced out? Is the idea to have increasing fees to incentivized users to switch? If this is the case, why wasn't it done as a hardfork? We could've had 100% segwit adoption right away. Instead, it seems like the incentives have changed to force people to use segwit


From everything I've read, Schnorr will give a 20-30% capacity increase. How much can MAST give us?


Can you comment more on this "slightly different" trust model? I want to use Bitcoin without trusting anyone, if the solution to scalability is semi-trusted entities I feel like that's a problem
Edit: Nothing except channel factories really solve the issue I laid out, however. How do channel openings work when fees are over the total value of the channel?