@_author: bigfishh
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:20:28
Helpful answer. You didn't even bother to mark out in 5 words why I shouldn't. :D
@_date: 2017-12-12 15:30:15
I guess I prefer the honest and rude one after all. :D It's temporary anyway, truth is validation there is very fast, which is what got me in. I will eventually move to bitstamp. 
@_date: 2018-09-16 16:20:24
That 40% figure is not correct, at all. 
@_date: 2018-09-01 18:42:48
rädicäl mäte
@_date: 2018-09-01 17:35:44
@_date: 2017-12-12 15:06:24
With all due respect, I don't see how that is a problem at all. Unless obviously you're some weird paranoid fuck that goes ham over everything, why not? See bitcoin as is, it's an asset, not a currency, a portofolio is just fine for me as it stands. Not to mention that at any given point I could switch to a different platform. Original hostility wasn't required.
@_date: 2018-09-28 16:16:25
But the interface is already nice? Coinbase is easy to setup and easy to understand. If average joe wanted Bitcoin, he can buy it anytime. 
@_date: 2018-09-25 12:59:16
"At this time we believe", should hardly be thrown around as something real or factual. It's literally just a guesstimate, or in more broad words, their opinion. 
My 21% was older, from a source I had a few days ago. 
It's currently at 28.3% on the most recent update. 
Down below on this second link you can see that 48% of all nodes are immune to the bug, so the fun is definitely far from over, given even beyond 50%, which we haven't reached yet, it still kinda sucks for the nodes that are exposed. Still weakens the network, if I understood the issue right. Cuts down all relevant nodes in half, in a way, correct me if that's wrong. 
Huge fuckup by Core. Definitely makes you re-think original statements that were made confidently and clearly, that Bitcoin is immutable. Clearly it isn't really. 
Sure, the worst is over now, probably, but who knows what's to come. If Core fuck ups another time like this, and some bug is found and not revealed, who knows what will happen. 
e: thanks for the cake day, didn't even see. Do I get free Bitcoin now? :=)
e2: I'm really not claiming to be all too deep in the issue. Truth is I was under the impression that nothing should ever be *REQUIRED*, because Bitcoin was supposed to be immutable. If adaptation by the network is a requirement, it's not immutable.
@_date: 2018-09-16 16:27:48
Hard to tell from here, whether now is a good time to buy. I personally don't think so, but others may agree. You can become familiar with the process though, for instance think of how you can buy Bitcoins at all and such, settung up accounts here and there takes time, maybe you want a Hardware wallet. 
If you aim for a shorter-term, then be cautious. 
@_date: 2018-09-29 16:37:12
Well, that is true. But same as last december, when your uncle starts asking you whether or not she should buy Bitcoin... good time to consider selling. 
@_date: 2018-09-24 17:27:30
Malta is popular with non-compliant shitcoin exchanges. Don't think Gemini is looking to put foot in some shady shitcoin business. 
Admittedly who knows. They offer Ethereum and Zcash, so it's not like they dislike shitcoins. 
@_date: 2018-09-08 20:10:25
So why not start hoarding Dollar or Gold? 
Why run to the next fuckery thing? 
@_date: 2018-09-16 16:01:01
Well, past is relative. Given we know how it all played out, I would have prefered to have lived through the 60s or 70s. Better music, simpler times, less stupid bullshit nobody needs. 
@_date: 2018-09-24 17:24:55
The part where you said "all the miners have upgraded already". 
Afaik, recent count is 21% of nodes have upgraded. So I'm wondering how you seem to know more than others. 
Also, a shitty habit, to make random claims, without including a source. 
@_date: 2018-05-30 17:25:09
I don't know why people are in such denial to a bear market. We're in a bear market right now and probably continue to be in one until we hit a proper fucking bottom. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 09:14:31
Just as it's the case right now. The people with most FIAT can buy the most of anything, that includes Bitcoin. 
See what the main banks are doing around the world. They devaluate their own currency. They will not have problems devaluating it further, to in the future throw it step by step into Bitcoin. 
The suckers will be all the people that must eventually buy Bitcoin, after that happened. 
Rooting for Bitcoin inevitable means rooting for another crisis. You think an actual transition from Fiat to Bitcoin would go down without a fight whatsoever? 
And see also the great possibility of simply having been replaced by another Crypto by that time anyway. 
Bitcoin maximalists can scream as loud as they want. Nobody knows what money we use in 20 years from now. Nobody.
In Bitcoin there's also no such thing of ethics vs. incentive. For all I know it's a math/crypto based currency. How exactly is it supposed to care about ethics? It's pure and raw free market. That includes bad actors doing whatever the fuck they want. Without a layer of governance, it's pure anarchy and without taxes, Governments do not exist. 
Now Governments do a lot of shit wrong and bad, right? But I'm in Germany, and I like a lot of thing my Government does for me. I like the police, actually probably the best thing I get from the Government directly. Safety from chaos. These people protected me, when people broke into my house recently. I can go to them, whenever I see trouble. I trust them to protect me. 
If Germany is no more, because for some fucked reason BTC maximalists are right, where is the police then? Am I supposed to carry the gun myself? I'm actually not sure if I really want that. 
What will happen to all the Nukes that lay around? Most Bitcoin - most nukes, no questions asked? Not sure if I want that either. 
What about the private keys from Satoshi? What if some Adolf gets them some day? He can pretty much do whatever the fuck he wants. 
Many unanswered questions. It's easy to forget all that, since short-term, we're just getting rich and who cares. Long-term, there's a bunch of problems ahead, and we're currently not doing anything but saying "crypto will somehow work this out". 
@_date: 2018-05-31 14:20:19
Well *Fiat*, it's still relatively expensive. Circa 0.8$ per transaction( tops? ), although I'm assuming they include non-Segwit here. Second link suggests median ees are .2$, which is very good.
Since we're still just at 40% segwit adoption, I believe 20 cents per transaction is really good, back compared to ... 30$ we had in December. 
Even for the median transaction fee chart, I think non-Segwit is still included. 
Is there a page, that just looks at Segwit transactions?
@_date: 2018-05-17 09:08:51
I'd agree Crypto is in a bubble. I'd say the currency the least affected by the bubble is Bitcoin, because it's still almost the only one used for something.
ICOs are the bubble. 
@_date: 2018-08-26 20:33:50
Any retard can claim anything to be an analysis. This doesn't mean anything, other than of course, we know what his opinion is. 
A very much already known opinion at that, given that shit has been spammed for at least the last 4 months now. 
@_date: 2018-05-22 19:20:00
Are we like Flatearthers then? 
@_date: 2018-05-25 14:11:56
Thanks a lot man for clearing that up. 
I think I simply overlooked the fact that it takes *some* work to adopt Segwit and some people just don't bother, is probably a good reason why we're just at 40% still. 
Many people just don't bother at the moment, to make the transition, despite incentives being in place as they are. They're less doing it as a hedge against Segwit, it's more so people being somewhat lazy about it, is a possibility too. 
I know a lot more than previously, again, thanks for taking the time.
@_date: 2018-05-25 14:25:21
AFAIK, people within the pool re-align and re-distribute their ASICs to different pools, if a 51% is close. 
Pools just make sense. They reduce variance. It makes sense to have these large pools. Ethereum is no different here, if you know. They're even more centralized, if you think pools result in centralization. 
The truth is, people adjust. 
*X pool is getting to big, boys we need to switch* Shitstorm first, and then people just switch. Antpool isn't 100% one signular chinese person. 
It simply makes economic sense to pool up, to actually generate some income with your mashine. 
You don't want to be in a pool that's 1% of the network, because you're paid so rarely. 
People that operate in these pools, are people like you and me. They see when shit starts hitting the fan and just join a different pool. 
@_date: 2018-05-02 19:51:44
Hey man, maybe Obama starts buying Vehcian, I bet you like that too. It's a shilled project, that's on rcrypto every single day mate. Think for yourself, I've drawn my conclusion that the advertisement is simply fake as fuck. 
I could go there right fucking now, and guaranteed to find a Vechain post, fucking hype bullshit. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 12:19:31
aye man
@_date: 2018-05-17 11:49:02
I was clearly just using Adolf as a metaphor, implying it would be bad, if someone with that many Bitcoin would exist in a world, where Bitcoin is the dominant currency. 
I'm really not interested in your agenda. 
@_date: 2018-05-25 12:06:56
To be fair, you're saying it's "stupid", but I'm here trying to find out, why that is stupid? 
I just don't understand the dynamics at play here. 
60% is not using Segwit, right now, am I wrong? 
I'm wondering, what the reason could be, if the active incentive to switch is so strong? They *must* be hedging, right? 
Otherwise, why be disadvantaged for that long? 
Just trying to find out, what that reason could be, not more. 
I like Bitcoin as much as you, I just don't understand the market dynamics, behind the Segwit rollout/refusing to adopt it. 
@_date: 2018-05-10 22:10:28
Thanks for your insight. 
I do think you're right, to some extend, if not fully. This still, clear insanity, is very visible in ICOs right now I think. 
Crazyness wasn't flushed from the market it seems. 
And I'm here thinking, if I'm assuming that many Alts right now are way overvalued, who is to say entire Crypto, including Bitcoin, isn't? 
That's a very valid argument. We'll see what happens. 
I think shortterm, I'm more right than you. Consensus *is* around the corner. Goes on 14-16, we'll see what happens. 
You're right in saying, that if we're dependant on news to be good, something is off. 
I think you can argue that value might currently simply exceed usecase. Yes, Bitcoin is being adopted as we speak, but is it worth that much already, when infrastructure is still being built? 
That however, also goes into price. Price is a crazy thing, isn't it? Lots of the value is already including that one day, we will have better infrastructure and the currency will be more widely known and adopted. 
Surely speculation will always be part of Bitcoin. However it possible that usecase vs speculation ratio is off. 
We will find out. I definitely see your concerns. I wasn't lying when I said I sold recently. At 9350. Coinbase and high fees, and then rebuy, now this. :D 
e: however, I do think it's a somewhat never ending bullrun we're in. Yes a bear market might reign for potentially a year, like 2015. But eventually it will exceed limits. Because the tech hasn't changed and Bitcoin is still better than fiat currency. That is the thing that guarantees that adoption will see increase over time. 
All the arguments *for* fiat, are current arguments, because infrastructure doesn't exist. When it comes to core values of the currencies, Bitcoin is miles ahead and that won't change. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 12:53:20
Have you heard about Binary Options trading. 
Scam, move on.
@_date: 2018-05-17 10:33:10


For all I know the next world war might end it all. We're just banking on them being rational enough to not use nukes in the future. 
It's the same with 51% attacks. They may not be incentivized or profitable, but that doesn't mean it can happen anyway. There's chaos everywhere in the world. Germany, and I assume Netherlands, we're both pretty safe. Relatively, because once it all goes down, we're down with them. 
Then you have Google doing military research and AI research. Data leakage and privacy infringement scandals. 
At least back in the day, when countries went to war, it didn't mean the world would end, you know? Some people died for their country, and that was it. Interesting times you call it, I'm just somewhat scared. But I've always been somewhat paranoid, so there's that.
@_date: 2018-05-02 19:37:37
Well no, they're all the same. I know you're talking about Vehcian because it's the most chilled project on Reddit, but it's the exact same thing really. Hype train, no product.
@_date: 2018-08-30 19:07:57
But.. but Bcash is the real Bitcoin...? Satoshi's true vision? /s
@_date: 2018-05-06 11:45:45
They're an Altcoin, that pumps, we know who pumps the coin. Don't be surprised by some green numbers.
Trading-wise they haven't gained anything ever since creation. The dumb money flows in BCH, the smart money doesn't. 
If Bitcoin was to die, to anything, I'd not even consider switching over. I'd fuck off Crypto, all-in Monero/Vertcoin. 
BCH will always be a centralized shitfest and no pump can change that. It's a worthless product. Bitcoin without decentralization is essentially an expensive databse. 
@_date: 2018-05-02 15:01:47
Because now is a worse ICO state than in previous history. It's simply way too easy for people to create some ERC20 and write a whitepaper and market that shit and pump it. 
Whereas it used to be that altcoins actually had to create their own chain, by coding themselves, or by forking. 
___ 
So you have this immense explosion of shitcoins, which are not controlled by anything. People claim shit about some shitcoin, let it be ERC20 forever and pump it and eventually dump it. 
Altcoins are not a new thing. Here's something interesting. 
Whilst you recognize that some players still exist, the majority has fallen into shitness. 
And sicne back in these days people had to actually work to create a coin, you could argue that they immediately had more value, as they weren't an ERC20. 
Now any shitter can create a coin, thanks to ERC20. 
It's thanks to ERC20, that you see projects like EOS, have a 15 billion valuation, without having a chain at all. 15 billion dollar testnet is what EOS is. 
And EOS isn't even the worst example. 
I also suspect, without being a maximalist and having Altcoins myself, that a flushening of Shitcoins must eventually happen. 
Eventually Shitcoins will dump, because that's what most of them did in the history of Crypto and people lose their money in crazy fashion never seen before. Maybe then Bitcoin becomes more interesting again, as Bitcoin is not a scam. 
I'm not even talking about established main players in the field. Not talking about Ethereum for instance nor do I talk about Litecoin, Monero, good projects really. 
But you have shit like EOS, TRON, Vechain, Verge, those are top 20 coins, which are absolute hype projects, if not scams. 
Then you have Bcash, pretty much a marketing coin that tries to trap people into a centralized version of Bitcoin, which will only ever scale in linear fashion, that project has 20 billion attached to it. 
I'm not even going to bother to mention all the other shitcoins beyond top 30. 
There is innovation, yes. Some projects will be successful, yes. But a good portion will simply not deliver. Just because some human claims that their new Blockchain or DAG will innovate blockchain space, that doesn't mean it actually does. Careful with the Shitcoins is what I'm saying. Pick your players wisely and with research. 
When you compare EOS to Cardano, you can see one of these having a great fucking dev team and is open to public investors about advancement. The other project is pure hype, DpoS - which Lisk already did, and just moons, because it can. 
@_date: 2018-05-06 13:34:00
Probably one of the people that wanted to enter the lawsuit. 
@_date: 2018-05-25 12:11:34
That makes a of sense. I guess the answer just was that simple. 
So in way some of them could just be lazy about it? Probably not all of them, but I can imagine a good proportion simply don't seeing the need right now. They just don't bother in a way. 
Until of course the need for Segwit becomes great, which is what should also happen over time, since the incentive to use Segwit just becomes stronger? Did I get that right? 
@_date: 2018-05-25 18:51:32
Look mate, small shitcoins get 51% attacked, because their chain is protected by a billionth of Bitcoin's hashrate. 
Bitcoin is not getting 51% attacked. And that's not "fantasy" until proven otherwise. 
If you assume some next level collabaration between pools, that all mine like regular miners should, because you know incentive-structure, you'd require some deep level shady globe tactic to manage to one fucking time pull of such a feat. 
That's a potential distopian future and Hollywood might eventually make it a movie, but it's not happening anytime soon dude. 
Further to this, if Bitcoin fails, because of this, every single Crypto that aims to be decentralized will fail for the exact same reasons, whether you have Proof of Work or Stake doesn't even matter then. 
You like the conspricacy against Bitcoin? You know where to put your money. 
Throw me a dollar, if you find me on the streets! :D
@_date: 2018-05-01 13:36:39
Well it's easy to fall into the trap. 
BCH does have cheaper transactions as right now. But they're also a centralized shitcoin, essentially supporting miners to create free money in certain periods. 
People, especially new ones, forget quickly that Bitcoin is great because it cannot be fucked with and is decentralized. 
Bitcoin is not great, because you can do transactions for 1 cent, at least right now. We have VISA who already do this. They're centralized and they're fast and cheap and have way more throughput, than a linear scaling Bitcoin with Blockincreases ever will have. 
@_date: 2018-05-04 16:16:21
There will be competition within the banks though. Those that embrace and those that don't. Simple stuff. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 12:20:04
Good old pillow, good old self-dug hole. 
@_date: 2018-05-22 13:44:11
By shorting his own coin on Bitmex 10x leverage.
@_date: 2018-05-25 11:10:17
Which means what exactly?
@_date: 2018-05-02 19:37:51
That's simply not true.
@_date: 2018-08-31 12:13:42


Hate to be that guy, but Exchange fees also exist. It's not like you buy Bitcoin and sell Bitcoin, without exchange fees. Even if you had a fiat gateway over there, you'd have to deal with exchange fees. 
I think you'd end up with roughly the same fees you paid with your normal Wire to be honest. Probably even more if you were to use Coinbase for example. So I'm not sure where you guys are getting this efficiency shit from Bitcoin from. 
Bitcoin transaction is also slow, if you pay the minium fee, you will not be included in the next block. Gotta inform about that shit, which no customer ever does. 
Bitcoin could, maybe, maybe, eventually be more efficient, if it was used for anything to pay for. If you didn't have to further exchange on and off from fiat to Bitcoin, then it could be efficient, with LN and low fees, fast transactions, that's a potential future, still very far away. 
If you tie up Bitcoin to Fiat gateways, as it currently must, and also for the forseeable future too, then you're not doing more than some fancy Bitcoin shit, but the costs are roughly the same, if not higher.  
@_date: 2018-08-30 11:45:08
Sometimes I wonder, whether I'm subbed to r/venezuela.
@_date: 2018-05-25 10:31:20
Is there an incentive to upgrade by the way? 
Are you disadvantaged, if you decide to not use it? 
Would you not upgrade, to hedge, for the potential of failure in a way? 
I'm sorry, I'd just really like to know! 
Because, if there is incentive, it's kind of forceful, right? And if you're at disadvantage, you're also somewhat forced? 
But the reason you don't implement is, because you think it's still not secure enough, so you wait and observe over time. 
Whilst waiting, you are(?) disadvantaged, so long as it works. 
Did I get any of that wrong? 
I understand there's somewhat no other way to implement changes. Maybe someone could shed a light. 
@_date: 2018-05-25 14:01:35
Elaborate? 
@_date: 2018-05-16 00:14:54
Confirmation bias.
@_date: 2018-05-04 15:04:20
This will inevitably pump the price, just slower. Since these Bitcoins are not traded, they exit the market and are not HODLcoins, if that's what they do with it. 
HODLcoins vs. tradedcoins wins the battle and pushes the price, by simply having less bitcoins in general to sell, making the unit more rare and more valuable. 
But yes. I also would like to see a nice little Bullrun. 
@_date: 2018-05-20 11:04:41
People that buy 1000$ every single year, are much more likely to buy Vechain, than Bitcoin. 
Dumb money do as dumb money do. 
@_date: 2018-05-08 00:32:49
Wow... slow down little cattle. We'll get there.
@_date: 2018-05-10 21:24:22
Try going out of Bitcoin for a day currently, and then come back. Seriously, if you're so bearish, are you out then? Because you should be? 
Personally I think the bear market has taken a toll on you. 
With Consensus around the corner and us still being close to 10k, I think it will get pushed around or above 10k value, which will result in another media push, since you're above 10k for the third time now and looking strong so far. 
That's what I see too.  
I also tried to sell recently, and sadly would have actually won that bet and made some buyback money, but couldn't bear not being in Bitcoin for that long. It's immediate fomo. It also didn't really feel good, speculating my precious thing drops in value is not good for your health. 
I will sell when it's overvalued, but dude ... do you think it's overvalued right now still? Do you see us going lower than 6000? Tell me otherwise, but I don't see that at all. 
Then again, who knows in Crypto. 
@_date: 2018-05-08 21:23:31
To not be overly political about this and give an idea. 
If you were to buy Bitcoin Cash, you're using a system which could be compared to Paypal 2.0. Cheap transactions, but a centralized entity, meaning it's not decentralized currency that nobody can destroy. Bcash can be destroyed. 
If you want the thing that most people own in the space right now and most people agree upon to be the real Bitcoin, is Bitcoin. A decentralized, free currency that nobody can fuck with.
@_date: 2018-05-07 19:03:26
I see ... that must be this *resistance* we will not fall below. 
@_date: 2018-05-07 06:28:39
That's *exactly* why I switched to Coinbase. 
When time is dire and you really need access, they give you access. Kraken is constantly down in times like this, when volume spikes in either direction. 
Shittalk Coinbase all you want, at least you can use it at any time, any day. Kraken is a shitfest. 
No problems with Binance. Not much clue about other exchanges, but having been through the same bullshit OP went through, just change exchange dude. 
@_date: 2018-05-06 15:17:40
Well, Bitcoin will not ever go up to 700.000, if it keeps losing dominance like it does. 
At one point we need a flushening of sorts, to free us from all the useless mist and dust projects that suck value of the real things. 
Yes there are other currencies, which are useful. But it's not EOS and shitcoins alike. 
Can't wait for mainnet launch. 
Essentially it works like it does with the Governments. As long as people don't experience issues with their fiat currency first hand, they won't care that much, other than of course the increasing price. When they do, suddenly the safe and decentralized stuff gets interesting again. 
Same should theoretically apply to ICOs. If they pop, people should to some extend wake up and realize, that to this day, the main innovation behind Crypto is decentralization. 
@_date: 2018-10-03 10:14:42


Is that really so? 


Said developers recently created said attack vector themselves, forcing the vast majority of nodes to upgrade. 


Is that really so? Truth is, understanding cycles isn't hard. It's not hard to sell relatively top'ish and buy back low'ish, and further increase your holding. If you didn't sell at above 15000$, you're essentially a moron. Nothing to do with shaking out weak hands. What it does, bubbles like that, is wreck all the people that have no understanding of market cycles. These people buy high and sell low. Sticking your head into the sand and praying that it reaches said high's again is a stupid mentality, always has been. 


How so? How would you even determine this and what exactly is good behavior to begin with? 


We've yet to see this. For all I know the entire mania happened, because wealthy people wanted it to happen, sort of like a penny-stock pump and dump, but it was way easier for them, because said penny-stock isn't regulated whatsoever. They created a mania, created December and that's it. Now Bitcoin is much heavier than it has ever been. It's going to require more and more money to keep it moving "up and up". Where is that money supposed to come from? 
Students like Crypto, cool. Students are poor though. Middle-class is scared of same thing happening to them, as they know what happened December. Africa adoption? The bullrun will start, if the people with money want another bullrun to start. 
Prior to December, we had good runs all throughout the year. The myth that Bitcoin is only profitable in certain periods of time, or shorter periods of time, is a total myth. If you check the graph, Bitcoin prior to busting did a single thing only. It went up. That's why it became very interesting, very fast. Because it goes up. 
It doesn't do that anymore. I suspect it won't be doing that for the near future also. Dominance still shows that people are far too spread out in useless shitcoins, hoping to get rich. People are no longer pulling the same rope, as in Bitcoin. Next 2-3 months won't be any different.
I hate perma-bulls. 
If you're all so tech-loving, why exactly is price the number one thing talked about here? Because most people give no flying fucks about anything else. Truth is Bitcoin is as useless with a tag of 10$, as it is with a tag of 100000$. 
@_date: 2018-10-03 08:45:53
You're a tea leaf and potentially fucking retarded too. That what we doin?
@_date: 2018-10-03 08:27:13
You say "I'd go ...", but it's clearly something you plainly adopted from a 10 minute Youtube video? 
I see their point. But it's easy to critique like that.
@_date: 2018-10-05 21:05:59


Because it's a shitcoin. It originally claimed to have lower transaction costs and that's about it. It wanted to be the silver when Bitcoin is the gold, which is pretty much where the ponzi started. It's a messed up idea that doesn't work, because you cannot hard-translate to raw materials like that. 
Lightning network, even when it's adopted by Litecoin, makes Litecoin pointless. 


Because it's pointless, like the vast majority, if not all other shitcoins around. I don't have to pretend to be buddies with Litecoin, just because Charlie Lee likes Bitcoin too. 


Yea, these millions could have been moved on Bitcoin too. Yes, Litecoin works. Is it required or needed by *anyone at all*? No.


Ah, shitcoins getting added to an exchange for some good pump. That's about all that add does, a small pump for Litecoin. Same shit you have on Kucoin and Binance, where there's votes on which shitcoin should be added next, resulting in the winning shitcoin to pump the hardest. Cool.
And again, Litecoin is not some kind of Silver equivalent. It's just pointless and always has been.  
@_date: 2018-06-05 14:13:20
The way I see it, Bitcoin is currently digesting all the shitcoins out of circulation. The lower we go, almost, the better. 
I'm looking at a juicy future market, where Bitcoin is 4000$, it had 65% or hopefully higher dominance, and I can long it 3x.
Pushing Bitcoin higher, is just extending this terrible ICO bubble, IMO. Gradually exploded and failed ICOs would frequently give Bitcoin faster pushes. But I'm kind of hoping for a clean market now more than anything.
@_date: 2018-06-13 11:22:15
Check out rCC, if you want a pool of herd-think people. They're losing faster than people currently holding BTC. Most of them seem to be between Denial-Anger. 
@_date: 2018-06-24 09:38:19
Eh no.
@_date: 2018-06-03 22:55:26


1) Drones, that fly around and can somehow locate Fullnodes and then lazer them. 
2) Kill earth. 
3) Kill the internet. That's actually *kinda* doable in some sort of extreme scenario. That's just mist-mind, someone can feel free to fill in here, cba right now. But you need Internet. Otherwise you have LAN Blockchains and forks and obviously, that's shitty.
However once Internet is back, it would just return back to usual, somewhat, but of course price will have been affected.  
4) Growing centralization. I don't see concerns here yet. Andreas Antonopolous also seems to predict less centralization in the future, because ASICs no longer upgrade each year. Halong is already a solid competitor to the S9. Don't see it personally.
5) "Turnary something". Yea. Seems far away last time I checked. 
@_date: 2018-06-06 21:40:23
Hehe. Once you understood this, you're in a dilemma though. Let me explain. 
Since I understood the above, I'm capable to understand why EOS can outperform Bitcoin like it did. 
Huge ass marketing campaign, great promises, gonna change the world, people hype left and right, next Bitcoin, next Ethereum, *next 100x*. 
See, I'm not stupid. I understand leverage trading. The difference is, I am a Bitcoin maximalist. 
Now, keep in your mind, because people are maximalists, doesn't mean they're not participating in the game of scams. 
You know what I like about all of this Altcoin trading bullshit? 
*I can increase my Bitcoin position, by selling/buying these shitcoins at low/high levels.* 
See I trade these shitcoins just like you. But I still believe for Bitcoin still to simply be *bar absolute light years ahead* to be the best thing we have money wise, in the world. Seriously. 
Here's where the Dilemma starts. Many people think like me. Some actually really like their scams for some reason. 
The dilemma is, if we stop buying Bitcoin, and instead we're pushing Altcoins, then we no longer push up Bitcoin. And if we stop doing that, we're not making the money we want to make. 
That's where dominance almost acts as a somewhat clock. The lower the dominance, the worse chances of more potential we have. 
See it ... like a fuel in your car. If it's empty, you need to refuel. 
Refueling, is pushing out the crazy idiots from this market, by dumping Bitcoin, and not understanding, that it's the only fucking thing that matters. Currently we bleed, because too many people seem to believe their Altcoin actually does anything at all. 
Can you compare Cryptokitties and ERC20 to what SpaceX does? No.
So right now, I'm expecting a dump towards 5000-4000$. Maybe we're caught up again around 6000$ levels.
@_date: 2018-06-02 10:08:07
I like it. It kinda makes sense, if you do not truly believe Bitcoin is the one and only player. You acknowledge yourself you somewhat gamble. The parties work out it seems. 
EOS is a hedge against Ethereum. And EOS and Ethereum combined is somewhat a hedge against Bitcoin. 
Since you're mostly Bitcoin, you're anchord towards whatever direction Bitcoin goes short-term. If we go up, great. You make great profits, probably. 
If Bitcoin goes down, whatever, you still hold the majority in Bitcoin. Your hedges bleed, Bitcoin bleeds, but it will return, or at least Bitcoin will. 
Like your strategy to be honest. 
You're in a Bitcoin sub. Naturally people will tell you it's crazy what you're doing. I kinda see it. I'm not doing it personally like that myself. 
If I'm hedging against Bitcoin short-term, I'm hedging into Fiat, not Altcoins, that amplify the bleeding. The obviously negative about my strategy is that if Bitcoin goes up, I'm not realizing gains made from Altcoins. True. 
I hope you don't lose portions of your money the next coming week. EOS is lauching right now, which is ... dangerous. Don't fall for EOS mainnet fake shit. Claim the right thing, at least. 
Best of luck to you. 
@_date: 2018-06-06 20:58:14
If Bitcoin goes up, so will your scam coins, since they're bought and sold with Bitcoin. It's a peg. 
Essentially if you're holding almost any Altcoin, it's pretty much the exact same thing as longing/shorting Bitcoin 2/5x, except for now you attribute gains/loses to your shitcoin, when reality is, there is a peg and that peg won't go away any time soon. 
Do the math yourself: 
You buy shitcoin X, with Bitcoin. Shitcoin X now has marketcap of 1 Bitcoin. 
What happens to shitcoin X, if Bitcoin goes up 5%? Shitcoin X also goes up 5%. 
*But shitcoin X says, they went up, because some release/good news. Not true.*
However, in healthy/positive times, people become more "free" with their money, more confident. That's why when Bitcoin moves up, people put more money into Shitcoin X, thus when Bitcoin rises, it outperforms Bitcoin automatically. 
In bad times, like right now, Shitcoin X loses value *faster*, because people become less confident about their Alts. That's why when Bitcoin dumps 5%, your Alt dumps 10% or more, depending on the shitcoin scale.
Add marketing, and small marketcap, and that's what we call ICO explosion. Bitcoin has no paid-for active marketing campaign. It's always volunteers. So in terms of attracting idiots, Shitcoins will always win.
As a Bitcoin person I'd wish for nothing more than a detangle of said peg. Let Binance and all the scam exchanges implement Fiat. Please. But that probably won't ever happen, even when they claim it. 
Why? Regulation. A real currency needs to be tied to shitcoin X, and most Governments wouldn't fucking like that. They already hate Bitcoin, why would they allow ICO scams to be bought with Fiat? 
I wish for nothing more than a detangle. 
I'm praying the delete Bitcoin pairs alltogether. But clearly, you can wish for things, but that's never becoming reality. That's just the way things are. Bitcoin peg is not going away anytime soon, I can wish as much as I want to. Not happening. So we gotta deal with what we got. 
What do we have? 
1) We need Bitcoin to pump, so that everything can pump. 
2) However since people now pump shitcoins, nobody is interesting in "Boring Bitcoin". 
That metric is represented by Dominance ( or personally call it Interest-) Factor of Bitcoin. The more dominance Bitcoin has, the more likely it is to pump to higher levels. 38% is not a good level. It means too many people buy scam icos, but sadly, to total avail, because said scam ico is still going to lose double/tripple as fast as Bitcoin. 
Thanks Ethereum for ERC20. 
Because it's thanks to that, that literally *any idiot* can create their own little scam. Since everything is unregulated, yea. That's Crypto right now. Altcoins have never been in a worse state. 
AFAIK there's 2-3 coins that I would deem somewhat valueable. 
tldr: altcoins is literally leverage trading of 2/5x, depending on shitness of your project.
@_date: 2018-06-24 09:40:00
 Shitcoins speculate a 6k bottom. Hehe, let's see them hold their value when they see that magic barrier doesn't exist.
@_date: 2018-06-01 23:08:01
Lol why would they fail? Just print more money, done. Easy.
Same shit as always. EZB will step in and "save them". Save how? 
Newly printed money.
@_date: 2018-06-04 19:16:37
As in Fuck Bitcoin, hail to the shitcoins. Right. Fuck you right back China.
@_date: 2018-06-01 23:36:05
Good answer, sounds a lot better, and is obviously, more true also. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 23:22:38
Well, was it Lehman that got fucked, or the general population of the earth? 
I'm not sure what we're rooting for here. Collpase of everything? 
If what you say holds merrit, that's kind of ... bad? ;D 
There's shit no matter where you look. 
Political shit. Banking shit. Crypto full of scams. 
Interesting times. I have one hope :D-
@_date: 2018-03-15 21:03:16
Apparently he's some anime, conspiracy freak, so 99% owining X pretty much fits his thinking agenda. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 13:48:10
yes you think right, wuestion being? 140kbtc is still left as you can see?
@_date: 2018-03-18 13:59:44
The entire ecosphere really feels like a wet dog, that is trying to get dry again. What does he do? Shake his fucking body. That's exactly what is happening whenever Bitcoin moves either direction at the moment. 
Bitcoin loses value, Alt lose double/tripple their value. 
Bitcoin wins value, Alts cannot keep up with gains from Bitcoin. 
This is why, despite going down and sinking hard, the dominance is almost going up faster than before, now being close to 46%. Gotta give it to the dips man, they're healthy for Crypto it really does feel like it. All the hype is shaken off all of these ICOs that haven't delivered a single thing, but a white paper, but are worth billions of dollars? 
All recent news is good and Bitcoin will probably exist g20 on a positive note, and who will not leave on a positive note or at least is heavily endagered? ICOs. 
Seems like that dominance going back up could this time be a more long'ish trend. At first Ithought we'd see a stop 48%, but this really looks like, with a BTC bullrun *always coming first*, we might head up to values of 62-65%, obviously possible higher. 
What do you guys think? 
@_date: 2018-11-14 06:36:06
@_date: 2018-03-16 14:04:39


Fair point.
Well I just noticed in the most recent stronger dip, where I had it on Kraken, that I cannot close/open positions and would get 502 errors all the time. In the meantime I just spam clicked through my Coinbase account and it went as smooth as it could possibly be. Smaller exchanges are simply off limits for me personally besides Binance for Altcoin positions. I'm just really afraid, and rightfully so I believe, that some Exchange fucks up and I don't have Nano Ledger yet. And I believe in the truth of time and trackrecord. CB may not have always done according to everyone's wishes, but their page functions and is hack-proof so far and they're around the longest. 
Eventually I want to put my stuff on Nano Ledger aswell, but I don't really trust Ebay sellers and their direkt buy is sold out, like all the time. 
e: checked my own shit. They're back in stock. Bought one already :D ... 
@_date: 2018-03-16 09:41:51
High fees come with something though. 
When the volume kicks in, when something great or shitty happens, I know Coinbase will not fail me and not load their fuckin page, like "cheaper" fails Kraken all the time. 
Try using Kraken when the volume is kicking in. 
Also, because they're not a small startup exchange, I personally believe that they are more secure. Last time I checked the vast majority of stored coins on Coinbase is stored cold storage, which is just a principle I really like. 
So what I like about Coinbase: 




Coinbase also stated many times it wishes to add more Cryptocurrencies, but currently they regard these ICOs as  simply too difficult to deal with and let others be front runners first. Truth is, they do cause a lot of problems, something more well established like Litecoin and Bitcoin do not. 
And when you say "check the app", you're talking 100% mobile interface? I can somewhat trust my PC, because it has proper security programs running at all times, not the for-free ones, the not sucky ones. I'd never feel safe on an mobile app. But I guess times can change and of course I hope their exchange cause no further trouble in the ecosystem. Truly hope they turn out well, we've seen December that we lack exchanges, seeing how most of the exchanges closed their doors, because they couldn't handle the volume. 
@_date: 2018-03-15 17:46:06
i always wonder why lying shitheads like you come here and just display utter lack of knowledge and claim ridiculous things like that?
mind providind sources, other than of course ... your ass? i have plenty to throw at you. anyone here can google btc distribution and ull find a fine answer yourself.
@_date: 2018-03-09 21:43:54
lets hope youre right
@_date: 2018-03-19 08:57:25
Alright man, I'll make sure to keep me updated!
@_date: 2018-03-18 20:22:31
Instead of having a fixed price target for BTC, that really isn't real at all, check the chart, watch it closely and buy as soon as you think an uptrend is close to coming.
In other words, watch and wait for a new level to form. I've read 7000 different TA numbers, when the truth is simply resistance will get stronger the lower you go. How low we need to go is what we will have to find out. But stop that "I'll be buying at X" bullshit. Stupid logic. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 15:18:54


Well, that's just a stupid comparison. 


No, it was the fact that average Joe simply didn't have to deal with package routing to begin with, because the problem was solved for him, by good engineers. 
Now apply that to Crypto. Who's going to "fix" anything for Crypto, if the problem is that billions of shitcoins are dilluting the Bitcoin market. Specially here with BCH propaganda, imagine someone wanting to buy Bitcoin, but he's lead to some Bcash site, how on earth is he supposed to know that the Bitcoin he's buying isn't in fact Bitcoin? 
Shitcoins simply have something Bitcoin does not have, and that's active marketing campaigns. Since they're centralized and controlled by a few, these few obviously make it their work to promote their shitcoin. Bitcoin, as decentralized as it is, has no such thing as a marketing campaign. Some volunteers, yes, but these will never be able to out-do paid marketing campaigns. This issue cannot be fixed by simply getting better engineers that create better software. 
Not to mention, how much better are the Bitcoin engineers anyway? Because AFAIK, you guys narrowly escaped an inflation bug just very recently, where the message was that "updates are REQUIRED" for nodes. So much to immutability. Everyone still just clicks the exe. without checking at the end of the day. 
Does all of this mean the shit will never pump again? Of course it doesn't. Because people like you still haven't figured that the shit is borderline useless. General population hasn't figured how utterly useless Bitcoin actually is, all they know is that it's volatile. 
Which is good enough for another crazy bubble that will eventually bloat up again, which is good, because we can all make good money when the time comes. 
Kind of. You're obviously only making money if you discard the absolutely idiotic logical framework that is "HODL". Just sell the top next time around. 
In essense, short-term, more people will get recked by a lower price that's coming to Bitcoin. I suspect lower than 2000$ is very likely. Once BTC dominance reaches new highs and the market cools off a little, i.e. the terrible idiots need to lose more money both Bitcoiners and Shitcoiners, and then you just rinse repeat and make money. 
Who the fuck cares about innovation. Blockchain is a buzzword and is borderline useless for anything, but maybe Bitcoin. 
People still haven't figured out even those basic things about Blockchain, they're all still holding their shitcoins thinking Blockchain is the real deal, not knowing that it's just a slower than normal databse, that's very costly, and *only offers decentralization*. 
Average Joe is too stupid for all of this stuff. That includes you. 
We have what Bitcoin wants to be already, and it functions just well enough. That asset is called Gold. We don't need Gold 2.0. Store of value argument hardly makes any sense, if the fucking thing every 2 years or so constantly dumps fucking 80%. That's not a store of value. The "it's young" argument also no longer flies, as Bitcoin is more than 10 years old already. 
Bitcoin is barely good enough for a single thing, which is create yet another bubble. I'll be there and piss on the HODL idiots when I sell the top. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 21:51:13
has since then read 20 times about it and never wondered why the price went from a cent to 300$.
@_date: 2019-01-18 15:49:02
Oh, so it rang for you too. Bitcoin is 100% about price. What are you even doing in Rbitcoin I wonder. Seems like you found the actual truth and light, that seems to be Tron and Shitcoins. 
@_date: 2018-03-16 14:14:51
Edited my post. Bought one already. :) Wasn't out of stock, when I actually checked again. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 13:19:02
ew, whats this? anyone can register and claim x btc for 2$ more? 
how to verify if said person actually lost money? do you pray that mt gox knows which person lost which amount, still?
unless any of these, you or gox will bring this info to light, so that true repayment can be done. if not, then this is pretty much scamming the goxed yet again? from what i can tell any idiot can join and is then invited?
@_date: 2019-01-30 21:26:15
Yea, obviously. But I thought we were under the assumption that OP did nothing wrong. 
@_date: 2018-03-28 11:51:47
Dude stop it. You asked a legit question, sadly to the wrong person. And it's also sad, that I'm not the person you're looking for you, I just wanted you to know, that the other guy is the retard and you are not confused. A confirmation. 
e: and I responded to the wrong person. Lalalu. 
@_date: 2019-01-11 20:51:44
Probably some irrelevant shittier island CB, or some African CB. But then again, I could totally see them falling for shitcoins aswell. 
Relevant CBs like the ECB, the Fed, will never bother with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-09 16:27:10
thanks for the clarification! i wish you guys all the best, because i too would love to see the rest 160k btc redistributed!
@_date: 2019-01-18 15:25:53
Great accomplishment. You tricked your grandpa, who's working hard every day in his life, into a seasonal pump-and-dump. You must be proud of yourself.
@_date: 2018-03-11 13:32:03
Or this 
Panic is kind of the wrong word. The individual that works at a bank, has a brain of its own aswell. Eventually he will just start to invest small portions of his earnings and see how it does and he will see that he makes money, which is all bankers are about. People here to seem to think in way too broad terms. You guys think there's a not a single banker on the planet that has money in Crypto? Fucking of course they do, not everyone that works at a bank is sheepishly listening to what the higher ups claim to know about Crypto. Some dive into it for themselves and reach their own conclusion. Bankers like to make money and they can do that wit Crypto and they are on their way more and more to find that out for themselves. Word to mouth propaganda will do all the work we need for further adoption to inevitably happen, whether it's bankers, Government officials ( unless it's prohibited for them ) and of course average fucking joe at McD. The road is long and adoption is not happening over time, but we can already see the ladder. 
It used to *only* nerds and weird cryptography kids in Crypto. Economics students and people willing to take more risk is the level we are at right now. Just see it as a ladder. Eventually, at the top of this ladder, is your grandma that doesn't know what Internet is, for example. 
The ladder exists, it's just really long and it all takes time, but people want TRON gains every single month, it's not working like that.
@_date: 2018-03-18 09:02:47
Such pointlessness really doesn't warrant an upvote. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 16:37:34


Because it makes me money too. All Bitcoin is good for. 


Ah, the wish of the idiots to never work. That alone is reason enough for another big-time Bitcoin pump eventually. People are so hopeless and desperate, Bitcoin makes lots of sense for them. 
How can all the future people of Bitcoin know at this point, that we're all just waiting for them to enter, so we can dump on them. :D Again, you're just laying out yourself, how you don't actually care about Bitcoin, rather you care about being well-off yourself. Who gives a fuck about Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2019-01-29 16:04:45
Of course it's not legal. Your money, you can do what you want with it, whether that's buying Bitcoin or withdrawing back to your account. Buying the product shouldn't be forced onto you. 
In essence they're asking you to withdraw from another exchange. You can't lose. The only question will be how much you get to claim in damages.
Hire a lawyer and claim additionals for damages caused. Just because it may be a long trial and money is frozen, doesn't mean you won't win it. It's a clear case.
For the Bitcoin market this could be interesting also, given that it means that their Bitcoin storage is likely not backed by real money, which isn't great for the folks thinking price will go up. 
@_date: 2019-01-17 21:17:21
Nobody can say for sure. I personally don't think it will, however it might yield me a little profit if I trade it right. But I suspect a much lower price than we have currently for that. 
___ 
No offense, but I just looked at your account a little. I don't know. Seems like you're going through tough times. Be careful with Bitcoin. It's not a religion either. And don't blind believe the people inside the bubble, that is rBitcoin. Take everything with a grain of salt. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 20:33:27
Monero is probably a good Cryptocurrency to start with. The way you talk about these things alltogether implies you know little of Cryptocurrency.  
Just google the steps yourself and trust me on that Monero thing. The thing is, you can't mine Bitcoin with your 1080ti, because it doesn't generate enough hashing power, to be helpful to the network, as the network is dominated by ASIC-miners ( Antminer ). However Monero ( Cryptocurrency ) is ASIC-resistant and thus the network only uses GPU/CPU mining from normal computers. 
Google : Monero mining pool
It will lead you to many different pools that offer you to mine the currency very easily, with the help of a setup.exe doing everything for you. Not hard to set up, really. 
Now calculator wise, you wanna know some inputs. Again google it yourself. Google: "Monero profitability calculator" and put in your values from the pool / your elictricity. 
Finally, don't take this offense really, look up what Monero actually does. Let me give a you small'ish hint, it's essentially pretty similar to Bitcoin actually, but main difference being is that Monero is fully anonymous - Bitcoin isn't. Look it up a little, so you at least know a little, what you are mining. ;)
@_date: 2018-03-30 20:28:08
Antminer = ASIC. 
@_date: 2018-03-11 13:46:54
You really can't say it like that. It's more about *how much they have taken Crypto serious enough, to be worth their time to smarten up*, then some bonus they might get. 
If they're not educated, they won't invest. They're not dumb money. They're not throwing their money at things they don't understand. So we need them to understand first. 
Some have already understood and are already invested. Some will  educate themselves later than others. If a banker with bonus wants to invest his additional money, does he invest in what he knows ( stocks &amp; bonds ) or does he randomly throw his money in this crypto thing everybody talks about? 
Patience. It will happen. They can only ignore this for so long. And again, I'm willing to bet my fucking dick, that at this point, almost every bank has this single banker guy, that did invest some of his earnings. People generalize way too much. The truth is, it's *gradual change* and that applies to human little banker too. 
@_date: 2018-03-17 14:29:54


I really hated visualizing some of that stuff...
@_date: 2018-03-19 10:06:06
BitcoincashBitcoin, first post ever. Seems legit. 
@_date: 2019-01-13 23:24:54
They're fine actually, the most legitimate exchange Crypto has to offer. They're fine. That reputation costs you more in fees though. 
From coinbase, you could theoretically, if you believe the Bitcoin people, send them to your hardware wallet, which you will never do. So you have your own keys. Nobody actually does that though. 
@_date: 2019-01-10 18:28:11
Ah, the dude that froze himself to death.
@_date: 2019-01-02 11:53:51
@_date: 2018-03-31 13:59:00
I suggest shorting Bitcoin too. 
I've read so many stories, about how Bitcoin died and Crypto along with it. I think there's a site where ... here: 
Amazing isn't it. Every single story written there is right. Bitcoin is died so many times already. Short it now, because it will die again maybe tomorrow! Legit millionaire strategy.
@_date: 2018-03-30 20:45:23
Sorry, misread your comment. You're right. 
@_date: 2019-01-13 12:02:02


Highly dependant. Would you rather "accumulate" Bitcoin at 3700$, or at 1000$? 
Bear market will not end until Bitcoin is free of the shitcoin-peg. And if it needs to dump further down to make that happen, then so it will and must happen. 
Shitcoins are still tied to Bitcoin. Throughout 2018 we've seen a BTC dominance increase from it's lowest of 32%~ to 55%~ we have now. 
I suspect we're going much higher in dominance, and much lower in price still. 
But each to their own.
@_date: 2019-01-18 14:00:54
It's why Crypto will never succeed. Average joe is just too stupid to figure stuff like this out. 
Not to mention "be your own bank" works well for the people Bitcoin has already absorbed, diehard libtards, but the rest of the people would just wreck themselves, if they were to actually be responsible for their own money. 
@_date: 2019-01-29 16:41:25


They couldn't write such a thing even if they wanted to. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 21:54:22
i buy for 15% market discount right now. seriously.
but lets not be dicks here. go to and escalate your support ticket there and you re verified in 2 days assuming you have the correct documents at hand. kraken sucks btw, but shortterm selloff it works
@_date: 2018-03-11 13:07:58
Stating that it simply doesn't matter who's laughing at you. The tech is here, whether you like it or not. Igonorant people, can still look nice and fancy and smart, like bankers. But ask them simple ABC crypto, they will blush and admit their lack of knowledge. *That* guy is laughing at you. 
Did I miss the string of argument here? I don't think so. u/fangio2verstappen said bankers laugh at us, right? I say let them laugh, time will tell, and time will show that these very bankers, individually, will enter the market aswell. 
@_date: 2018-03-17 15:14:48
I think you should teach people how to do that Bitcoin thing!  Good luck in your journey!
@_date: 2018-03-15 23:33:25
Dude you just trade the existing ones via cash. Government is excluded here, right? 
You trade it on the street, in some shop that accepts it. 
@_date: 2019-01-10 18:21:11
SVcash is the real Bcash! Rise up Bcashers! Take back what is yours.
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:42:50


No I don't agree with that. However smartening up is required first, then a decision whether or not to invest ( that's how smart money does things ), it's entirely irrelevant to what conclusion people are coming. Important moreso however is that they did their proper due dilligence themselves and then reach conclusion X as to whether to invest or not. 
Some will reach the conclusion it will not work, but might work via a bank/government backed cryptocurrency. Some will conclude that it cannot work at all and that Crypto is just some kiddie thing. But *some* are bound to come to the same conclusion I came to, and many people on here came to too. You see what I'm saying?


Yes, in fact there's tons of people like that. Just check our people on r/cryptocurrency. BTC is the scapegoat for every shitty value drop their beloved Alt experiences. BTC is outdated is the general idea there. But they still *must* use BTC to aquire their Altcoin right? Legit concerns, we DO lack pairings and I also wish to see more pairings on exchanges. But to blame BTC for that is wrong, moreso blame the exchanges and put pressure onto them, to offer more pairings. BTC will still be fine. 
Things will change, it all takes time. That's really the baseline of what I'm trying to say here. It takes time for people to take this more seriously. It takes time for Bitcoin, Altcoin, Shitcoin to develop and better the platform.
 *It all takes time.*
But people in Crypto don't seem to have time. They don't like bearish months ( who does? ) and they want TRON gains all the time, every day. Be more patient is what I'm saying. New money is eventually coming, unless for some reason, everyone and their mother, who did proper due dilligence, is reaching the conclusion that what we're doing here, what I've been doing for the past year, is pure madness. Is that a likely scenario? I believe in the tech and I think it's here to stay. That's my investment risk, and that's the risk I'm willing to take. I don't belive it will vanish overnight, because no more people are getting in. I think more and more will join, at what pace really, is irrelevant. 
@_date: 2019-01-30 19:14:30


You wouldn't need to know, just like I don't know, because what you're suggesting is basically fraud and people can't just put that in their terms of service to make it legal. Yea, they could put a phrase like that in, it wouldn't however hold any power, as it would just be something ... illegal. Get it? 
Quick example to make you understand what I'm even talking about. You can't just write in your fine print, that you enable yourself to fraud your customer however you want to. 
Sure, you could write it in. But it wouldn't hold any value, just because it's in the fine print. 
Throwing nicer and more positive business sounding words at that phrase will not make it any more legal, you see?
@_date: 2018-03-15 23:38:28
Well, if they do that, they just pump up the price into oblivion aswell, the cryptos take out their insane fiat gains, Bitcoin is found out dead, because Government X bought it. Bitcoin relaunches, maybe resets, and just exists again without the Government, that originally bought them. 
Loser of that logic are the people that were too greedy and went for an endless ride and the Government of course.
@_date: 2018-03-09 19:10:46
so what if theyre holders? with the current amount of fiat in crypto you could in theory only have 10 btc actively being traded.
some btc will be lost forever, some will hold vast amounts of btc, it doesnt matter, fractional ownership makes it possible, how did people still not understand that simple basis?
im not saying that a well distributed spread wont help growth in the long run, but so long as adoption increases it simply does not matter.
@_date: 2018-03-09 22:04:00
bitcoin has popularity going for it aswell, and as lomg as it had that its almost guaranteed that it keeps updating itself.
segwit is still below 50% and LN is at least a potential for improvement.
personally judge the severe lack of privacy as a bugger problem, as it would also have to revolve around a layer 2 solution. my candidate to really take over bitcoin is monero, and it still has a long way to go. ethereum, just like btc, is working on scaling, i really see that as a non issue in the future.
if scalabilty is through, then many shitcoins might immediately bite the dust, so thats also a potential.
im not saying btc is invincible at all, but if every neat extra feature of shitcoun X could be build upon bitcoin through sdditional layer, then who can really take over? wait and see, but the next 6-12 months only eth could maybe run over btc, and i do think if it top1 popularity it will just gradually vanish to nothingness.
@_date: 2019-01-18 16:11:06
Owning shitcoins and selling them when they pump is one thing, going to their places and discussing their existence in a serious way is another. 


No, I just feel bad for you, because I highly suspect further dumps in the market. Why would you own any Crypto at this point, when it's so blantendly obvious we're dumping to way lower levels? 
The only case to own any Crypto at this point, is Bitcoin, so you can throw it on Bitmex and short everything. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 21:49:21
did i read a different, shitty, article than u? where does it predict future bearish sentiment clearly. theyre saying potentially bearish, which is pretty much what everyone knows already 
@_date: 2018-03-19 09:48:53
Which is a good thing, because we wouldn't want 100k to be stolen or lost, because somebody clearly didn't read the LN mainnet launch header, which explains that the thing is in *beta*. Excitement and bright days for Bitcoin, but there still could be bugs that lead to security risks. We'll have to wait and see. 
Either way, it's here and thus far, seems to be working really well. 
@_date: 2018-03-15 09:55:32
Huh ... is that really that hard to figure out? Now, the Government would call this money laundering, but I call this "delete KYC" made simple by Crypto. 
You do understand how it works right? You buy BTC on Coinbase and then you just send it to some random, self-made, Monero adress. You counted the steps needed to do? Let me go back here quick ... eh there's 1 and uh ... oh that's it. That's all you have to do, because that Monero Adress is unknown. You could even do this Bitcoin and send it to some random other adress and claim that you got scammed, or that you bought a Hooker for 20k$. 
So, how do you get out your money? Well, that comes with adoption right? Imagine a world where between 20 different young adults, 2-3 use Cryptocurrency. They will accept your Monero, you have on the unknown wallet, for a 10-5% sell bonus, because they are not stupid and know what you are doing. 
You have your money, launderered for 5-10% and the kid is happy he arbitraged the market by 5-10%. 
You can already do that now by the way. Go to a big, sort of, megacity and you will easily find people that accept crypto. Make that deal, they won't let you down. 
Simple. Conversion from Crypto to Fiat Cash. Doable in 2018, 100% impossible to track that money, unless they follow you 24/7, at which point you gotta ask yourself, what you voted yourself into. You probably also could buy Crypto, without KYC, from strangers for a premium. Anyone can sort of be an exchange. Provided they trust standing in front of you. If I send Crypto to my friend, and he hands me 10.000$ and I don't ask him to give me full KYC, then it's pretty much just me, his crypto and the 10.000 in fiat cash. In such a case, you may be known to officials, because you still have that Coinbase thing, but the rest is entirely unknown. My mom doesn't have a Coinbase account for instance, but she sure as shit could be given some Crypto anytime she wanted to, without being required to go to some Exchange. 
Does it suck that we currently have to do it this way and "feel bad about it"? Yea, kind of. But what's the alternative? Until we have decentralized exchanges we rely on Government control, which is really not what Crypto plans to be. Will it get better? Well Binance claims to work on such a thing right? They could provide a decentralized Exchange and then you will not only see BNB go 40% up in value in a couple of hours. But at the moment, that's what we have to do, to wash it, so to say.
@_date: 2018-03-19 08:40:45
Increasing the number of accepted coins is probably almost not increasing sales at all, simply because most coins are tied to Bitcoin anyway, so there's a good chance if person B has a shitcoin, he also has some Bitcoin. 
I think you will find most success, by simply making sure you deliver good quality products. Personally can't wait to grab me some proper Crypto wear to be honest. But I'm into fashion, so the last thing I want to do is look like some Tech nerd, you get me?
Maybe you can do more than print some Crypto on a Tshirt, but make it fun or just really subtle and good looking. I wouldn't mind subtle Crypto tags on a nice shirt. Imagine a Hilfiger logo maybe, just with *some* crypto. Get me? 
Everybody's offerings right now: Print oversized HODL FOREVER YOLO, taking so much space, it's almost the entire shirt. Try be innovative. 
Don't see any creativity when I clock your link. You do exactly what everybody else is doing. Print a massive Bitcoin on some shirt and be done with it. Shirt probably shit quality and imported from China too. 
You can do better than that mate. Are you actually into Fashion? Consider hiring someone that *actually* is into fashion, they will help you out *tons*. Also they're cheap to hire, until eventually they made tons of profit for you and they no longer are. Consider it. 
@_date: 2018-03-19 08:28:59
Well, think of it like a Ladder, sort of. 
Let's say we started at 20.000$. These people at the top FOMO'd in and have no idea what BTC actually is. They wanted money is all they wanted. Some stayed, because they actually took the time and learned about what it is they just threw money at. They might still be here somewhere. Most however are out. 
Then 14000$ level. Still lots of people that FOMOd and threw in money randomly. New money. A little quicker than the step 20000 before. They made some gains. Most are out at this point, but some have stayed. 
Blabla continue to go levels lower. The lower you go in levels, the harder it will be for FUD to have an effect.
Let's assume the ground level of strong HODL's and big whale's is the area between 6000-7000$, some argue it's even less than that. These people have usually been in the game for a longer time. They know volatility is not just some word thrown around, it's a fucking reality of Crypto you have to accept. The market is immature and small compared to that of bigger stocks. But they will not sell their position, unless they can via trading ensure that they can improve their Bitcoin comparative. Sometimes they hedge to Fiat, to buyback cheaper and increase that comparative.
Last step ladder of 2000-3000$ right now, might be the people that *actually* forgot about their money and check how things are doing in a long time span. Usually bigger business people, that have other stuff to do than checking Tradingview all day. Along with these people you will find very early adopters. These people simply will not react to bullshit at all. 
___ 
Ask yourself. What has effectively happened the last 1-3 months, regarding permanent bad news for Crypto? 
MtGox is now unloaded and we *probably* won't see further shit from them. Korea/China/India have been not more but FUD creators - nothing happened there really. G20 was positive. US senate hearings, I recall 2 hearings, both been somewhat positive at the end of the day. Chinese new year is over. Binance handled their shit *really fucking well*. Would prefer if these things don't happen in the first place, but better recovered than lost forever, right? 
Anything I miss? 
So you see, it's really *not just a saying* that some hands are weak and some are strong. You may have no understood the saying in that sense but essentially strong hands are the smart people in the ecosphere, and the weak hands sell, thinking it will never ever recover. We have a 9 year track record, that it always recovers, some just don't see this for some reason.
Think of it like this. To me personally, I had little worry throughout this time. Of course I'd rather see a faster recovery and I also predicted for things to have sorted by the end of Febuary actually, similar to last year. But this year's correction is/was slightly longer, thus we have to endure longer too. We survived MtGoX ( or others did ), we can totally survive some shitty FUD. 
e: if G20 was like super bad, and we didn't get this "don't worry - with love in advance G20 people". We could have totally dropped, we might still do it actually, towards 6800$ ballpark and retest that area. But it would never ever totally collapse, just more time consuming to reach older levels back again. 
@_date: 2018-03-17 14:31:51
Tbh, you could argue OP could have posted a better, not misleading title, that sums up the article in one sentence well enough. I don't think it's good, if it works like this: 
Headline says X, Article says Y. 
It should be, Headline says X, Article says Xx.
@_date: 2018-03-30 11:18:38


Not Bitcoin, no. Other cryptos you can mine with a good GPU like 1080ti, but for Bitcoin you need an Antminer. 


No, you need to buy an Antminer, as nobody gives you an Antminer for free. Why would they? Nobody will give you a 1080ti for free. You need to buy these things to mine. 


Besides rising electricity bills, no. These bills are payed off long-term via speculation of the price going up from where it's at now. Various different in-browser calculators that will tell you what you will yield per month in terms of crypto vs. cost you have to pay in electricity. 
 &gt; How can i start it ?
Buy an Antminer ASIC or a top-end GPU for your computer. One obviously being cheaper than the other. 


Depends where you live, but in most cases for the educated world, in terms of laws, no. Nothing to know. Legal in every way possible. 
@_date: 2018-03-15 23:27:26
You lol now, me lol laterzzzzzz BIUTOCNEECTTT
@_date: 2018-03-09 23:04:53
sorry, agree. all it needs to reach that level is x amount of new money. 100 whales or a million plebs doesnt matter, youre right. is the one more healthy than the other? sure.
@_date: 2018-03-11 12:59:02
Actually, when they do make the decision to partake in Crypto, because they are not blind or the enemy like people think, they will laugh at the people that are not yet in. 
The last thing they do is laugh at us and even if they do, we can just laugh back? If a banker knew what I was doing and laughed at me for doing what I believe in and what I think is going to happen, I will just laugh right back at the guy in the fancy suit and say *time will tell who's right*, because I know I can ask him the very basic question of "how many Bitcoin will there ever be?" and I know he couldn't even answer that, because they haven't taken the shit serious enough yet. Why would I listen to what some person, that doesn't know the very ABC of crypto, has to say about my ideas and what I think will happen? I frankly don't care about his opinion. 
In fact, that's always a super great way to start a discussion with friends or anyone, that seems to simply not believe in Bitcoin and wants to argue with you how it's all just a bubble etc. Ask him the very simple ABC question, *do you know how many BTC there ever will be?*. If he cannot even answer that question, how do you expect the discussion to go? It will only be painful to you. I'd much rather explain my viewpoint to more open people, rather than people that are sceptics from the get-go, and write Crypto off, before educating themselves first.
They will eventually enter themselves, they're not stupid nor prohibited from entering. It's just a question of time really. There are smaller banks already, that are very positive regarding crypto. They too take the gamble, to make much bigger returns than their competitors, the bigger banks. Will their plan work out in the future? 
*Time will tell, haha.* 
@_date: 2019-01-20 23:34:25


Money and Internet don't work the same way. No engineer can make average joe smart enough for him to be responsible enough to safeguard his keys. 
Think of dickpics or nudes from celebs. They happened somehow, right? Because people fuck up. All the time. 
Now when you lose your bank account card, because you drank a little too much again and you got fucked, no problem, youll get another card the next day. Money still there.
Lost keys are money and Bitcoin are gone forever. That's not a relieving concept for average joe, it's scary. 
You can live in fairytale Bitcoin world and believe in people. I'd rather live in reality. People are idiots, you and me including. 


Yea they can, but they'd be much better off using regular, efficient databases instead of a slow Blockchain. Centralized servers. 
So yea, what they can do is run on hype that is Blockchain, create such a slow database anyways and market the shitcoin, so they can exit on the fools that believed the crap in the first place. 


But I'm not holding. Or well, at least definitely not yet. 


Yea I don't know, sorry. I guess I didn't expect  a rational response hehe. 
@_date: 2018-03-13 20:14:53
People asked for proof, because anyone can now claim bullshit on CB and create unneeded FUD. Thus proof, or fuck off. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 20:38:27
You need to join a mining pool for Monero. Google Monero mining pool and it will explain what you have to do. 
@_date: 2018-03-31 14:01:17
I feel great. Fear is greater from the people that know that I have Bitcoin it seems. They warn me everyday. 
I read their message and proceed to go along about my business, maybe brushing my teeth. 
@_date: 2018-03-11 11:27:10
It's not a stupid post at all. People, that understood what crypto is about, know that short-term is unpredictable and volatile, in fucking both directions. 
These people are tired of seeing constant tears and bitching about something, because they know what came the last 3 months has been not more but pure bullshit that deletes the weak hands and not more. 
Take your tears, hedge back to Fiat and work at Mcdonalds, or whatever other job you can aquire. 
Altcoins, Bitcoin, Shitcoins, things take time to develop still. It is the change we all want and need, but it doesn't happen over fucking night. We can't have gains like TRON every single month. People that are in the sphere longer know that these, bearish months, are part of crypto too. 
Do we want their money to eventually be in crypto? Of course we do. But we're kind of getting tired, of permanently having to deal with noob kids, that expect to get super lambo rich in 3-4 months. Fucking take your money out, educate yourself and come back in if you like. You don't, others eventually will. The education you need is not a frosty wall nobody else will be able to climb. Some people that bought in high December will stay, because they weren't lazy blinded by what Crypto can be in the short-term. They worked and understood that we may have a few shitty months ahead, but it will recover, because that's how its always fucking been. 
You think we haven't had more servere bullshit the last 2 years than this? You think this FUD is crazy new and we deal with this for the first time? Think again. Think Mt.Gox 80% volume hack, we survived that, we will survive some FUD from Korea, China and other shit too, very easily, because the techonolgy is stable and works, but the people invested are not stable. Part of the game for me personally, but it sucks having to read and respond to same dumb shit over and over again.
Smart money in Crypto has patience. The dumb money cries and leaves. The smart money ultimately doesn't give a fuck about what the dumb money does. Wait is the game, be patient. Confidence will come back into Bitcoin, Altcoin and Shitcoin and even fucking Dogecoin too. It just takes time. Patience boyce.
@_date: 2018-03-04 19:01:30
Depends on the month of the year. 
@_date: 2018-03-12 07:46:47
have cryptomom meet cryptodaddy and make satoshi 2.0 the savior of us all, the reborn master to show us the new path!
@_date: 2018-03-11 13:25:53


Which is also the point in my wall? So what are you getting at? 


That's just wrong. The sooner you've smarten up on the thing, in its entirety, the sooner you can come to smart investment decisions, whether you decide to invest or not is irrelevant. But if you cannot claim to know Crypto ABC, which is what the total amount of BTC possible is, then really can you say you've smarten up and made a rational decision whether to invest or not? 


It's been proven the recent year of doing this, to be very much worth my time I've put into it, so I'm, again, not sure what you're talking about. 
Any person can invest time and learn about Crypto in general. It will be worth it either way, because a smart investment will always educate first and invest/not invest afterwards. So what are *you* talking about?
@_date: 2018-03-19 08:15:08
Just curious, but places like this will obviously find themselves in a huge new business influx, given Crypto people simply feel safe there. 
But why would I choose Wyoming, over say Switzerland for a new company. Even if Wyoming is vastly positive placed towards me, is there still not the constant threat of the FEDs coming in and robbing me of everything I have created? Not a US citizen, just asking a real question. 
It's what I think of first, when I read that state X and Y does this, but if the FEDs are eventually, maybe, opposed, then I'm just screwed?
@_date: 2018-03-31 13:40:09


Oh, but it should be! There's nothing as profitable as mining Cryptos really. At least what your computer can do I mean. I'm not a miner myself, but I would know how it works. Just go to the subreddit of Monero, rmonero, and ask them how you could best set up your computer to mining, and ask which pool you could join ( many options ). 
You will find out that they are a very helpful community! Try it. They can help you better than me. :)
@_date: 2018-04-03 09:24:55


Easy thing to say, but what value did you transmit with your comment? You made a claim, backed by nothing and someone else disagreed. 
So what is it then that you are suggesting? Bitcoin has performed like the greatest asset of all time, over the past 9 years, and now suddenly, it will no longer behave that way the track record suggests it will do? Of course it's an indicator many are using, and why wouldn't they? 
Why are you here, if you figure Bitcoin will be worth 100$ soon again? Short it then. Or maybe you're the delusional guy, that thinks we're manipulated by whales somethingsomething? 
We're in a bear'ish phase and people are in despair. So are you maybe. Either way, put your money where your mouth is. Short it, hedge to Fiat. I will hodl, because:


I disagree.  I *do* think that the past servers as a good indicator for the future. If BTC started at 1 cent, than over these 9 years it made 73000% in gains. We roughly 5-10x'ed each and every year, besides MtGox affected years. The fact that we survived MtGox to begin with, should make it clear to everyone how resiliant the tech really is. Future contracts will not be able to manipulate BTC forever, we survived 80% volume hack, we can survive some speculators taking it to the next level. 
@_date: 2018-04-11 14:54:22
So that you contribute to adoption. Like an active participant so to say. As long as you spend &amp; replace, you're all good. 
Of course you can also be calm about things and acknowledge that the issue is really not that big. Crypto will grow with or without your participation and it will grow even if it's mostly used to speculate and store of value. 
But eventually we want to transition from using Crypto to pay for things also. By contributing now, even if just a little, you help doing that faster. 
See, there's no pressure attached. If you think we should use more crypto as pay, as it currently is, then you should want to help out in that regard too and it literally costs nothing to do. 
Not being able to pay is a flat lie. Various phone apps, secure enough for a little dinner amount of Bitcoin to store - you know - good enough security for small amounts of money. Pay with it, if you feel like it, and of course like you said, if you can. 
No pressure. Maybe use it for fun sometime? I mean sure, not all stores offer stuff in Bitcoin, but *some* do right? 
Also not advocating that doing either or is better, because it goes back to what I originally said, that it grows anyways. So no hard feelings if you decide not to. Personally think it's just cool, so when given the opportunity for small purchases to pay in Bitcoin, I do and of course I also replace. 
That's the real hassle if anything. You really want to replace it immediately afterwards, lol. 
@_date: 2018-04-12 18:29:24
No, simply for as long as you need to listen to them, because the economics are louder, but the mathmaticians are right. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 20:27:15
It's not the pushover-average joe that pushes the price from a low-point to a medium one. That's what the smart money does. Your "new blood" enters Bitcoin when it will next hit 30k. 
@_date: 2018-04-08 22:18:30
Likely to be Monero. More than 80% of their network was ASICs after all. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 14:10:27
1btc for sure. rsi implies thats the final level.
@_date: 2018-04-11 18:01:38


Yea so what? Draw your own conclusions, as I've drawn mine. Chill out, it's going to run again eventually. I have all the time in the world too. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 12:24:29


With all due respect, it's a democratic system, but it's not people voting, it's the power you attached to the system that votes for you. 
It's a different thing really. You kind of vote with your money. Maybe that's how it should be? 
Just felt like straight democratic votings is really a misguided term. 
@_date: 2018-04-18 15:58:48


Experienced this so far aswell. The more you become emotionally invested and you start to explain the vision and all, people shut off. 
But if you just answer basic questions in simple and easy to understand fashion, in a calm manner, they will listen. 
At this point people *know* I do Crypto. So I just let them come to me whenever they want to know stuff. I'm not screaming buy Bitcoin or anything. 
And it's sad to say, but they will approach me more at bad times obviously, ie. when it hits record levels. Suddenly Crypto is interesting and all their friends have these numerous shitcoins that are innovative, unlike that shitty Bitcoin I'm holding. 
Like dude. 
@_date: 2018-04-10 16:19:38
Well, would you want to read about EOS on rethereum? Is that the same thing? 
Why don't you instead subscribe to rEOS? See what I mean? 
I totally agree with what you said about news, related to adoption, where it's legal and isn't. What problems LN could have in the future, why Segwit adoption is so slow and all that. Negatives about *Bitcoin*. 
What I don't want to see is other coins, that scream "I am better than you at X". If I want to see that coin, I go to that coins sub/page whatever. 
If I want to find out about Cryptocurrency, I go to rCryptocurrency. What is the narrative in rCryptocurrency? Oh right. Bitcoin is usually just old and ancient. Cool. They want to decouple from Bitcoin. All of them. You will not read anything about how great Bitcoin is on rethereum too? If you want Bitcoin to stop being your daddy, then you shouldn't ask to live inside of Bitcoin home either ( Bitcoin subreddit ). 
What do you think? 
_____ 
This is also why it's commonly hated, that rBTC is for Bcash. If they wanted a subreddit and stood to their name, they call their subreddit rBCH, rBCash, rBitcoinCash, anything. No hate. But no, they hijack that shit. Thus, people are angry and mob mentality drops downvotes like ... like, like bombs.
@_date: 2018-04-11 21:43:29
It will be unstable as long as fiat exists. It may fluctuate, but over time it soaks in fiat, that's it. Spend and replace is applicable. 
@_date: 2018-04-12 15:43:18
Well, the problem is some people held short positions on Kraken and were also forced to hodl. 
Thihi. 
@_date: 2018-04-08 13:35:14
Since January? We still were in a bullrun, in January. Correction came mid January to now April. Pretty sure it's over, but it's exactly as Mcaffee said. The short-run is entirely irrelevant. 
If you're dependant on Bitcoin *running right fucking now* you did something wrong. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 22:35:05
Guys tomorrows 15% dip is *clearly* a beartrap. 
@_date: 2018-04-13 20:23:52
Great thread. I think many here came to similar conclusions for themselves. 
@_date: 2018-04-17 10:43:44
Let's discuss a little! 
You will tell me what you would like to add to Bitcoin and I will tell you why that's probably not possible.
@_date: 2018-04-12 20:37:16
Yep, and that's all reasonable. 
50x shorting Bitcoin, when it's past a 75% correction is however not reasonable. You literally have farmer Joe who just became a trader himself it seems. Who fucking does these kinds of shorts. 
Yes, you can predit a short-timing when feelings are in the price like December. That's times you want to short. 
Not fucking now, where everybody is dead and still bleeding. 
I really hate to say it, but that liquidation today just showed how much dumb money there still was in the ecosphere. Love how trading sites announced something like "Welp, they lost a lot, which means they will have to buyback". Buyback? That what you do in stocks, when your gambles go south? Buyback? Thought that's a poker term. 
@_date: 2016-10-18 14:26:04
No idea what to make of this, but thanks I guess.
@_date: 2018-04-04 20:25:20
But he said he would bet a Bitcoin, surely that makes his ass more credible? /s
That said, setup a smart contract and I take your bet.
@_date: 2018-04-12 21:43:28


Uff, might wanna try that again. 
@_date: 2018-04-17 18:56:28


Except you think you're smarter than you sadly are, because it's certainly far from being "done" whatsoever. 
Governments, specially our democratic ones, can't just ban Crypto just like that. For instance here in Germany are already laws in place that handle taxation on Crypto. 
If they ever felt like banning that, people would go out in the streets, because it's so big here. Also, on what basis do they forbid us from using this? That's democracy for you. People will not allow this bullshit to happen in the first place. Remember what happened in SK? People went to the streets on masse and immediately the hard bans were lifted and replaced with regulation instead. 
___ 
Not to mention, why ban it in the first place? You think Governments are that stupid and blind? 
There's going to be 2 types of Governments. 
1) Will ban Crypto and hunt people that use it. Here you will have great community for OTC trading, because it's peer to peer it will keep people in the ecosphere anyway. So they can make buying a stressful act, but that's about it. Eventually people develop better tech to circumvent the system better - "done". getit? 
2) Governments that embrace Crypto. Huge economic boost longterm, because all companies that emerge move to these places. 
Not only that, but people will be in your country and spend money there. Why is that? Because people that were actively driven off their own country, because they used Crypto to get rich, they will now move somewhere else with their money. To a place that welcomes innovation instead of trying to shut it down. 
It's all pretty much inevitable and unstopable. 
They might feel powerful for a few seconds, after annoucing their ban. Longterm they will simply only suffer because of it. 
@_date: 2018-04-21 16:17:50
I want to be where Vegeta is at after training for Cell2nd...
@_date: 2018-04-10 10:02:35
Close friends and family ask me about it sometimes. Some I try more with, some less. Do I contribute to adoption? Yes.
@_date: 2018-04-12 20:34:53
Some argue you are 2nd class if you don't run a node, so there's that also. 
@_date: 2018-04-24 19:29:46
I wonder if this would stand in court? Imagine you're a new buyer into the Crypto market. 
You want to buy Bitcoin. And this page directs you to Bitcoin Cash. It's Bitcoin, but it isn't the Bitcoin you were intending to buy. 
That's so, because you thought Bitcoin is Bitcoin, but really Bitcoin is Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin Core is Bitcoin Core. 
_____ 
If said customer were to go to a court and claim damages, because he felt tricked into buying the wrong thing, would that stand? 
If that was the case, then I could theoretically sell a stone on a street, and call it Bitcoin and it should hold aswell? 
I except to see fire soon. This is trickery and everybody knows it. If someone who's willing to fight sees this, he will use it and sue the owner.
@_date: 2018-04-19 11:21:40
Let them win this short-term battle and feel good. The future is going to be privacy implementation, if not we always can revert money to Monero. 
Headline is all I need to know to not buy from Amazon in the future. 
@_date: 2018-04-12 22:07:33
Indeed he has. I mean, I don't mind his attitude, but let's not pretend we'd not like to see things turn around. We have been patient and we have suffered. 
@_date: 2018-04-21 16:51:45
Wish the guy the best of luck. He seems like a sincere guy to me, who happened to fuck up. He claimed to want to give back the rest of BTC he has in the lawsuit. 
Saw the docu about him, back when he was with Gox, even then he seemed like a nice guy. Sometimes people fail. The guy is smart without a doubt and an asset to Crypto in general. 
@_date: 2018-04-18 17:53:08
They way any of their content is structured, is first Bitcoin is shit, followed up  with how and why Bcash is much better in that regard. 
I've never seen a blank positive for bcash, like a simple statement why it does something good and not more. 
If Bloomberg features Ver, then topic of discussion is not how this is good for Bcash, but how it's hopefully bad for Bitcoin. They drag us into every mess possible. Just leave us alone. 
@_date: 2018-04-17 09:47:56
I think what you're trying to say, in very simple terms is: 
*People can't hold an opinion about a subject they know nothing about.* 
I agree, but only to some extend. See, why democracies can work, but are ultimately probably inferor to technocratic approaches, is that these people can still listen to opinions of called domain experts. Perfectly fine. 
Domain experts in the field of economics *have* pointed out exactly why they think it's a scam. 


A big part of the reason why people invest in Cryptocurreny, is because their trust was lost during the time they had no other choice, but to trust the system that was given to them and not chosen by them. 
They are now here and bash the banking system and they believe Crypto is the shit. Whether that's logical or not is a different question, but that's part of the appeal. 
And you're pretty much here, saying they can't have these opinions, which different experts already had, because they can't explain economics in tidy and neat graphs like you can with your backgroud? 
Excuse me, but how do you think democracy works my friend? And if you don't like democracy, guess the technology which will enable us potentially to form new kinds of Governments? 
So what's your point? 
I studied ecnomics aswell. I wrote my Bachelor thesis on Bitcoin and future usecases. I don't think my opinion is worth more, because I do crypto full time now. I think most coins are shitcoins, I don't go to rcryptocurrency to keep on telling them their coins are scams? *Everyone participates*. 
Are some opinions stupid? Of course. Is the banking system fraud? Yes.
@_date: 2018-04-21 11:26:40


Don't be result oriented. But yes, to me it seems the vast majority of TA people are bearish. 
Most claimed we will re-test lower levels. I just happen to disagree on the basis that Crypto is not really your average stock and the asset performs differently. It's at 8000$ for a reason, that's because it usually moved up over time and held a new key value. 
Heart is super salty about himself right now it seems. He originally called that you can 2x trade Bitcoin, because it never loses more than 50%. He was wrong. Then he claimed all these ludicrious things about how there's no support left and all that shit. Price got to his head. 
Tone is a tool, that's all you need to know. 
TA is bullshit, but very popular in times like these, when we go sideways and go through re-test of older lower levels, nothing happens, so people look for indicators saying whether it's moving anytime soon or not. 
I'm a fan of simple logic when doing TA. We're still under 200 day, confidence is low, thus volume and interest are also low. We couldn't hold that level before, and hopefulyl we can this time around. RSI on daily indicates we're still not overbought. 
Inverse head and shoulder upper lower bla bla, you get what I'm saying. I honestly think it's not more than Voodoo they're doing. 
@_date: 2018-04-17 09:51:32




@_date: 2018-04-11 19:38:27
I see a slight correlation maybe, but it's mostly got to do with the increased volume we had back in Dec-Jan. Higher volume means more people. More people mean more tweets. 
@_date: 2018-04-11 22:13:59
If it continues to eat up fiat like it has, then this is simply not something we can avoid. 
If you wanted a stable Bitcoin, you kind of want Bitcoin to stop pumping in money from the outside, which you cannot do. 
Again, so long as you spend and replace, it's not a problem whatsoever. 


Thus simply said, I disagree. It's a very unpopular opinion, but I just don't see it as much of an issue. Of course BTC can't be stable, because it continues to pump up in value. 
And this will also never change, but it will exponentially keep pumping in more money. 
And also, I've yet to really find a coin, that's not like this. BCH for example pumps in value, as Bitcoin pumps along - if it doesn't die. Hell maybe it takes over, I don't know. 
Ether pumps too. And most other coins really. That would kind of mean that none of them are not usable as currency. 
That said, even by your logic, eventually it will have soaked in so much fiat, that there's simply not much left to soak in, because it's replaced. That's the time when it will become stable. 
@_date: 2018-04-20 14:39:18
dont like the drug and island association myself to be honest, but exposure is there anyhow.  
its good overall but it wint be *my* crypto song, you get me? :)
@_date: 2018-04-29 12:21:52


We're a helpful community, but dude, isn't that like the most common known thing about Bitcoin, that you can divide into smaller pieces? How else would you buy a Pizza with Bitcoin? 
Seng your 2000$ Bitcoins to the paper adress, and you're done. 
@_date: 2018-04-07 15:44:59
Over 9000.
@_date: 2018-04-03 11:39:34


I agree. It sounds weird, but a lot of insanity was in the market in December. Now, not so much, but potentially still a lot of crazy in the market valuation, we'll have to find out in the coming 2 months. 


Well, but why are you in Crypto/BTC to begin with? Why did you invest? To get rich and participate in a bull run? 
Why do we all assume that *another* bullrun is inevitable? Why are we down 75%, but people are still somewhat optimistic about things? You don't see people "buying the dip" when blood is everywhere, that's a Crypto thing/mentality. 
Why is it? Because I believe that this shit is the future. A decentralized currency is ground-breaking revolution. The tech, at least Bitcoin, is secure and decentral - no other currencies have these attributes attached to them. That's why I think another bullrun is inevitable. That's why it has always been inevitable for the last 9 years and it's why I think it will continue to rally like it has ( past performance ), it's because the truth is Bitcoin/Altcoin is better than normal money. 
That's why I put my money in. Because I don't want to live in a world, where cash is destroyed and replaced with book money, which tracks every move you make. 


And that's the gamble I willing to take. The bet I'm taking, the risk I hold with the capital invested. My mother and my friends look at me like I'm a freak. I disagree with most of humanity at the moment. Maybe they're all right. Maybe it's value is 0. I don't believe it is, and I have skin in the game to prove I'm dead serious about my commitments to crypto. 
@_date: 2018-04-06 16:59:51
@_date: 2018-04-12 15:41:48
For now.
@_date: 2016-10-18 20:29:01


Well I guess that's it then? Well, now I guess I got a little impatient and simply switched the wallet to Electrum. Hope it wasn't the worst choice I could make. 
@_date: 2018-04-03 09:19:55
Well, look at the price development of the last 9 years and might figure yourself. 
Now apply, *even mediocre and conservative* growth rates to the future and you will end up with a price in the millions, in a time frame of 2-4 years. 
2017 we went from 1k to 7k~, discounting the ATH of 20k. If we have something similar in 2018/2019, as we've had similar years prior to 2017 too, with ceven bigger growth rates, it's very easy to come to these conclusions. 
Bitcoin's price for the end of the year is probably 50k+ ballpark area. 2019 it might be 100/200k. The growth has always been there, we're getting bigger and bigger. It just doesn't feel like that right now, because we're in a correction phase still, everybody is unhappy and so forth. 
The thing is, some here forget, is the bulls will eventually return, which will rally the price up to new dimensions, or it's as says, the price will at that point have reached 0, whether it was killed by Bitmain, or a different Crypto just outvalued the BTC deal by a great margin, who knows. 
@_date: 2018-04-25 11:02:27
The page is owned by someone, unlike Bitcoin. You wouldn't sue Crypto, or Bitcoin, but the webpage owner, for tricking you into an asset, that you didn't want in the first place. 
This seems like an easy thing to me. 
@_date: 2018-04-20 10:19:40
I'd still rather take it! 
It's not a good classic song like Mein Block, but it is something, from a cool person, right? He wants to support, maybe he thought that's how. I don't think he's trying to just randomly get extra views because it's a hot topic right now. 
@_date: 2018-12-06 14:59:57
below oneK
@_date: 2018-12-06 14:57:35
if u wänt to discuss shitcoins heäd over to Rcc
@_date: 2018-12-12 00:11:13
not if you think thät it will dump yet änother seventypercent
@_date: 2018-12-11 11:47:37
lol why would own bitcoim right now