@_author: biggestdickintheroom
@_date: 2015-05-10 01:52:13
Silly question maybe, but won't missing this and having insufficient block size just incentivize voluntary transaction fees and the the cost pressure will keep the transaction volume a bit lower? It doesn't seem all that apocalyptic to me.
@_date: 2015-05-18 23:39:49
I's true. An electric heating coil is pretty much a CPU that doesn't do any useful calculations. A CPU is a heating coil that does data thrashing while it generates heat. Both things will generate as much heat as you put in wattage of electricity, minus some trivial losses through sound and light production. They are both just as efficient. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 05:40:28
Why not?
Take a stock previous generation ASIC/FPGAs that are otherwise worthless and would be resigned to a scrap heap because of their non-economical energy requirements. Replace electrical furnace coils in air and water heating applications. Preferably a standard would be created for this for input and form factor so that future chips could be swapped in to existing furnaces when their chips burn out. Then we have a great recycling use for old ASIC hardware instead of landfills and our water heaters, furnaces, toaster ovens, etc. all mine and offset some of the cost of the electricity required to run them.
@_date: 2015-01-13 05:44:59
But in 5 years that SP20 Jackson will be in a landfill. Rather than do that you could create a space heater out of a recycled SP20 Jackson for less than or at least equal to the cost of the copper coil version with the added value of a trickle of mining proceeds.
Costs could further be reduced if the industry standardized on form factor and interface for the boards so that they were swappable into any furnace.
@_date: 2015-05-19 01:43:41
The cost of manufacturing the hardware is the catch. Metal resistance coils are really, really cheap to make. Circuits aren't, particularly when you need to add networking in there also.
Now maybe you could use older generation hardware and repurpose it for heating. Since the manufacturing cost is already spent and the hardware is being trashed, then you are actually saving the recycling cost by using this old hardware as heating coils. But, the catch here is that someone has to actually build the thing and the interfaces on old hardware isn't always standard, so you need an ample supply of hardware of a similar spec that all needs recycling. The labor cost of collecting and building the furnace is probably more than the cost of manufacturing heating coils plus the cost of recycling the old hardware. So it's closer, but it's still probably a net loss. Someone might be able to make this work though.
Finally, when a chip fails, it tends to fail completely and stop sucking electricity altogether, so the heater breaks down. Standard heating coils are typically a wide gauge that can handle a lot of micro-breakdowns before failing completely. So any heater made out of circuits is likely to be much more prone to breakdown, so there is that.
But yeah. If you can figure out how to offset the cost of making these rigs by mining bitcoin, or providing cloud CPU, or whatever in order to heat buildings, water, or toast bread for that matter, then you'd have a winner. The profit margins are negative at the moment though. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 05:33:45
But there is such a thing as free computation:
If you are burning electricity for heat (an elecrical furnace) than any resistance coil is just as efficient as any other. Most coils do no compution. However, an ASIC is just a heating coil like any other as far as heat generation goes. So any place you need heated, you can swap out non computing heat with computing heat with no loss of heating efficiency and bitcoin mining for free. This comes with the added cost of the manufacture of the ASIC over that of a simpler heating coil of course. So the real cost of mining in a best case scenario is not the cost of power, but rather the cost of manufacturing the ASIC minus the value of the anticipated bitcoin production for the wattage expenditure that would have been used to heat the area anyway.
@_date: 2015-01-31 05:54:15
Actually, you CAN change it on older code bases. What you cannot do is revoke the LGPL3 license from people who received the code under that license. Assuming you are meeting your offer of source obligations on the pre-existing LGPL3 distribution, you do not have to continue to distribute the old code to new recipients under the LGPL3 license.
They are the copyright holders. That code is THEIRS, not ours under copyright law. They have done us a favor by licensing it under the LGPL3 which gives us massive rights, but they are under no obligation to continue to do so, even with the code they have already released.
@_date: 2015-05-12 05:39:29
Source? Because that distinction is huge.
@_date: 2015-07-06 02:48:01
If the world goes to shit to the point that we have lost power/internet/computation to that level then guns will be worth way more than gold.
@_date: 2015-04-17 06:24:05
I think Bitcoin will have value (and actually must have value, otherwise the security goes to shit) but I'm doubtful it will replace currencies like the USD. What I am confident of though is that it is, at it's core, a secure ownership protocol without a central authority and WILL replace other such protocols that require CA. Things like HTTPS, DNS, etc. That's big and exciting in it's own right without destabilizing governments and is therefor much more likely.
@_date: 2015-04-01 05:00:05
He didn't just do that. He went all the way to the dark side of the triforce!
@_date: 2015-03-07 18:39:00
That depends.
Forgetting about the currency aspect of Bitcoin for a bit (although that part is critical to its viability) what it is at its core is an ownership protocol. It is unique in that it is the first, and so far the best ownership protocol that does not rely on an authority or physical possession. This makes it a viable replacement for all other ownership protocols that came before it. Money is the most obvious use, since owning money is fundamental to society and there are severe drawbacks to authority (banks) or physical possession. But this protocol can be applied to anything where we need to know who the current owner of something is. Internet attached ownership is the first application, since owning something on the internet requires internet access in the first place, so there is no possibility of lack of internet access interfering with the utility of whatever is being owned. DNS names, certificate authorities, and identity management (logins) are some examples of things that are owned on the internet right now through either authority or possession and have quite a lot to gain from this new protocol. Eventually though, internet connection will likely be ubiquitous and life without it will seem impossible. As an example, think of a bank. 50 years ago a bank would be able to function from 9am to 5pm with no network connection whatsoever. Today, if a bank loses network connection it needs to immediately lock its doors and close for business. Such reliance on network would be inconceivable 50 years ago, but since the network is so reliable today we live with that dependency. As more and more things become permanently connected, this new protocol begins to make sense to them. So car ownership may indeed one day be feasible, since possession of a car key is indeed just another ownership protocol. 
@_date: 2015-03-07 18:47:27
What altcoin enthusiasts seem to often forget though is that the bitcoin protocol is not set in stone. Any innovation that is conceived can be integrated into bitcoin with network consensus. If consensus cannot be achieved, then the innovation must not be that compelling.
If an altcoin with a compelling new feature were to arise and it was not adopted by the bitcoin network, and that feature were compelling enough to draw significant investment away from bitcoin, then the value of bitcoin would begin to plummet. This would incentivise the bitcoin network to react by implementing the feature in order to retain the existing investment.
The only way an altcoin could realistically usurp bitcoin would be if it were sufficiently innovative and compelling, closed source and could not be reverse engineered so that bitcoin could not copy it, however such an altcoin would never be adopted since it rejects the very basis of the value of bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2015-02-01 00:52:53
Can you slap an Apache, or some other open source license on there? Like say in the pastebin in a code comment at the top "This code is under the Apache Software License version 2".
Technically, as the author, you are the only one allowed to use your code unless you say otherwise. Saying it's under Apache is just saying "Hey guys, use my code". Otherwise many people who try very diligently not to pirate anything can't use your code at all.
@_date: 2015-02-01 20:36:14
"All" is a strong word. Although I don't have sources, if I were a betting man I'd say there is at least one lake in Canada with at least one point where the land under the lake was below sea level.