@_author: biggy31a
@_date: 2014-03-21 04:15:00
I think a lot of people don't understand it, and I think a lot of really smart people understand it well, and have chosen to opt out of it.  Who are the biggest supporters:  Winklevosses, Marc Andreesen.  
And who has rejected it?  Almost every smart Wall St. banker out, and trust me, these guys like $ more than anyone here.  If they felt there was an opportunity in BTC, they'd seize it.
The reality is, some really smart people are likely devising a better Bitcoin to replace it, including potentially those really smart people in paragraph   I could see Google launching GoogleCoin, for example.  Might not be as "free"  - but would certainly appear more legitimate.  Don't know about you, but I'd trust a finite supply of GoogleCoin with an easy way to buy/trade/exchange it than Bitcoin or the infamous Dogecoin.  Nothing about these cryptocurrencies, in fact with a name like Dogecoin, it almost makes a mockery of cryptocurrency.  What's next, PedoBearCoin?
@_date: 2014-01-24 09:17:31
I think you guys are quick to discredit a very smart man.  He runs a big bank so yeah, shit happens, and yeah, I doubt he's an angel, but also... JPMorgan will make money at all costs.  I don't think he sees this as a "threat" to JP Morgan at all, and if he thought the value was going up, he could easily take a position in BitCoin that puts the Winklevosses to shame and become the largest holder of BTC without it even maybe hitting his balance sheet.  2.5T in assets.  They lost billions on an idiot trader.  Add it all up.  Whose the last guy to even invest $250m in BTC, which is a drop in his banks bucket.  He could raise that quicker than you and I can squeeze out a poop.  The notion that JP Morgan took a big position out would move the market of BTC like you have never seen and bring a ridiculous amount of credibility to it over night.
Everything he is saying is actually logical.  Banks have strict know your client rules.  With Bitcoin, it's going to end up being the same.  If he thought it was a real threat, he could convert cash into BTC and ride the amazing wave up with insane profits.  Who is more capitalized than him?
@_date: 2014-03-21 04:12:02
The reality is the practical use of bitcoin hasn't emerged yet, so people see it for what it likely is, in its current form: illegitimate.
As much as I hate government, governments still control $.  BTC is still a pre-infant, yet at the same time, I don't see *any* momentum bringing it forward.  Look at winkdex, volume is waning.  BTC needs a breakthrough or it will eventually die out.