@_author: biggitybates
@_date: 2017-12-24 12:15:41
What is your opinion on the onion? I'm personally a huge fan of it. Extra onions on everything I order.
@_date: 2017-12-23 06:20:01
I don't understand
@_date: 2017-11-12 12:50:09
That's a good question. I'm just guessing here, but I assume the only obligation they have to their customers is to provide them with the proper amount of BCC on January 1st. I think they could probably sell now, but they would be taking a huge risk if the markets didn't go as planned...
@_date: 2017-05-26 22:07:48
So I read the beginning, and here is my confusion:


How does that tie to an identity? If he /she looked at the blockchain, they may be able to see all transactions to/from that wallet, but that doesn't bring them any closer to who the identity of the person owning that wallet.


So what does this accomplish? Lets say I have a wallet tied to an exchange so I can cash out BTC to fiat currency. All I would need to do is create 3 or 4 BTC addresses that have never been used, pass my money around those, and then finally deposit into my known wallet for fiat transfer. How could the owner of the 3 or 4 BTC addresses in between ever be known? As far as anyone tracking the BTC is concerned, the BTC came from person X, then that person decided to transfer some BTC to another person, then that person transferred the BTC to me.
Can you explain how anyone can identify the 2-4 address holders before the BTC arrives at my account?
I guess where I am confused is that article seems to assume that there are a finite number of BTC addresses available, and that if you constantly re-use the same addresses over and over, then sure, eventually with some serious hard work, you can have a shot at tracing the funds. But with BTC addresses being disposable, or used one time and forgotten, how could they be tied to an identity?
If I missed a pertenant section of the page you sent me, please quote it and I will gladly read it again, but I am still not sure how BTC is not anonymous (outside of the final wallet to fiat currency transfer). But there is nothing illegal or wrong about transferring BTC to fiat currency, and obscuring the source of the BTC is as easy as bouncing it through a couple of brand new, unused addresses. 
@_date: 2017-05-25 21:03:54
How in the world is it possible to tie a BTC wallet to someone's identity if they don't use the wallet to exchange BTC to real currency? Lets say I have 3 wallets. I transfer 1 BTC to one address, then transfer it to the second address, then transfer it to the third. Then I cash it out using the third wallet. How is it possible to know who controls address 1 or 2? All you would see is a transfer from 1 to 2, and from 2 to 3, but you wouldn't know who owns those addresses or the purpose of the transfer. Am I wrong here? If so, I would like to know because I may have a fundamental misunderstanding of the way bitcoin works if so.
@_date: 2017-06-09 18:51:58
I see what you are saying, but those analogies don't work with bitcoin. With bitcoin, the only time you can be tied to an address is during an exchange. BTC to USD or the reverse. The other time would be if you bought something with BTC in a manner in which you are required to identify yourself along with your purchase.


So in that case, yes, you could be identified. But so what? You pulled money out of a bank and bought ice cream. There is nothing wrong with that. What happens with the currency after that transaction is out of your control. And again, that example is comparing using an exchange to change BTC to USD or the reverse, which I already agreed is the only time you could be identified.
Let me use your example to try to explain my point. Consider the above scenario again. You withdraw money. You buy an ice cream, then you buy a TV, then you buy a computer. *THEN* all of those retailers use that money to purchase something else. Repeat that process a few times. With bitcoin, sure, they could trace all of that back through all of those wallets and all of those transfers to find out that you were the one to originally pull out the money from the bank. What good does that do anyone?
With regards to your ransom example, you have to see that is a completely different situation and is not at all remotely close to our original discussion. That's marked money given to a criminal, who spends it and gets busted for possessing known, tracked ransom money. That would be comparable to someone buying BTC at an exchange, then transferring that BTC to a wallet owned by the police to buy drugs directly from the wallet that the exchange knows is his. 
What I am talking about is the middle man. The person who generates a new BTC address that has never been used, then receives money from another address. Now that brand new address has BTC in it, but who owns that BTC? We know that wallet X does, but who owns wallet X? Now, the owner of wallet X decides to give his BTC to another brand new, unused address. So we know that the owner of wallet X gave BTC to the owner of wallet Y, but who are those individuals? How do you find that information out? You are not required to present any sort of identity verification when creating a BTC wallet. Anyone can do it.
Lets say someone wants to buy a gun or something with BTC. That person could create three wallets. Then they could go to an anonymous BTC seller and buy 3 BTC with a prepaid visa or something anonymous. They now have 1 BTC in each new wallet. Now they go on a darknet market and want to buy a gun for 3 BTC. So they find someone who will sell them a gun for 3 BTC. The seller then sets up 6 new wallets. The buyer transfers .5 BTC into each of the 6 wallets of the seller, and the seller sells the gun. The seller then creates a new, unused wallet and transfers all the BTC into that one fresh, new wallet. Then the seller transfers the 3 BTC from that wallet to his exchange wallet, where his identity is known, and trades it for cash.
Now in that scenario, can you explain to me how either the buyer, or the seller, could get caught? (Obviously barring the seller being a cop or something like that)
@_date: 2017-06-05 20:25:04
So I read the "best answer":




I am still confused as to how they can identify intermediate accounts. Let me give you an example using the above answer...


This is simply not true. If I buy a bitcoin from an exchange, everyone can see that wallet A bought bitcoins, and the identity of the person holding wallet A could theoretically be found pretty easily. But lets say the owner of wallet A transfers that 1 bitcoin to an unused wallet, we will call it "wallet B". How can anyone know the identity of the holder of wallet B? Just because the owner of wallet A gives the owner of wallet B one bitcoin, doesn't mean the owner of wallet B is the same person. It could be anyone in the world. Then the owner of wallet B transfers half a bitcoin to wallet C and half to wallet D. Who owns walled C or D? It could be the same person that owns them all, or they could all be different people.


How would this be possible? Lets go back to our other example. The "known" owner of wallet A buys a bitcoin from an exchange. Everyone sees that "John" the owner of wallet A, just bought one bitcoin. Now "John" transfers 1/3 of a bitcoin to address x, and 2/3 of a bitcoin to address y. At that point, the only thing anyone can know is that "John" gave his bitcoin to 2 addresses that nobody knows who owns. Now lets say the owner of address y buys drugs with his 2/3 of a bitcoin. The only thing you can know is that "Owner Y" is guilty of buying drugs with bitcoins he was given from "John". How can "John" be held liable for the actions of "Owner Y"? That's like me giving you $20, and you buying crack, then because I gave you the $20 you used, I am now in trouble because you bought crack with the money.
If any of what I am saying is incorrect, please let me know. I have spent a lot of time in the bitcoin sphere and I love to learn new things, so I will not be upset by any means if you show me how what I am saying is incorrect.
@_date: 2013-05-01 23:49:48
The amount of money in dollars being transferred in some of these transactions is blowing my mind....