@_author: bigisdickus
@_date: 2018-01-30 15:43:37
I know literally nothing about code or programming and adapting to Linux has been pretty easy. Took me maybe a month to be about as proficient as I was with Windows and I enjoy it way more than Windows. Did you fall for the "install gentoo" meme or something? Because running something like Mint (designed to be the most user friendly for people swapping), Ubuntu (with about a dozen "flavors" so you can pick the desktop/UI you like best), Debian, or even OpenSUSE isn't hard. You don't even need to touch the command line. The terminal is just faster and better in most cases. If you want to use it you need to learn about a a handful of commands and you're done. Or you can just copy and paste them.
Most basic programs have a replacement (most basic programs come packaged into the distro, Ubuntu has *more* out-of-the-box functionality than Windows) and there are sites dedicated to finding them if you can't. Unless you're considering stuff like CAD (Linux does have a few) or Adobe's suite "basic programs" then I'd consider your statement very much inaccurate.
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:04:32
I recently migrated everything over tho Schwab. They've been great so far. No maintenance fees on any of my accounts (investor checking, brokerage, IRA), industry leaders on low expense ratios for funds (alongside Vanguard and Fidelity, all three are good choices), and all the tools I could need. Customer service has also been great. If they ever stop being my best option I'll swap again.
I know this is a crypto subreddit and we like to circlejerk that banks are evil, obsolete institutions and crypto will be king... but doing some research and doing the responsible thing as a consumer and pick the most competitive option goes a long way. Lots of people don't do research and just pick a big name bank.
@_date: 2018-01-30 17:41:41
No disagreement there. Lots of graphic design work is in the Adobe ecosystem. But I wouldn't consider Adobe's software "basic programs" like the comment mentioned. Basic programs would be a web browser, email client, office (word processor, spreadsheets, etc.), basic image editor (think MS Paint or Linux's Pinta), screen-cap utility, media players, even torrent clients or password managers. Basically things the mainstream, non-professional users would be using.
But on the graphics side Linux has GIMP for Photoshop needs. I've used both, prefer Photoshop because it's what I am/was most used to and has a some more built in advanced features, but GIMP is incredibly customizable and full of extensions. The amount of customization available makes it a really powerful tool. I'd say it's more then adequate for hobbyists or a regular user that wants a little more oomph than a paint program. Inkscape does vector graphics like Adobe Illustrator, similar story as GIMP vs Photoshop as far as replacements go. Plus 3D rendering has Blender and even Autodesk Maya.
There aren't as many options as Windows but saying Linux is devoid of these applications is simply misinformation.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:49:12
Since you've donated to the EFF I would recommend the [Free Software Foundation]( [The Tor Foundation]( and [The Mozilla Foundation](
All of them do incredibly important work for the software world.