@_author: bigkev47
@_date: 2013-10-04 11:29:13
Why would they do so immediately? If we assume that the US government doesn't particularly want BTC to emerge as a legit competitor to the USD, they coins would be far more useful if they just held onto them until a tactical moment of volatility in the markets, then dumped them at artificially low prices at a key moment... Could the sort of thing that stops a stabilizing rally in its tracks...
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:40:06
It's... not much money for NASA. 
@_date: 2013-10-03 18:59:08


But for that "speculator" class of BTC users...  they're probably not down with the AnCap manifesto or the druggie scene or whathaveyou...  What they understand is Buy Low/Sell High...  So when there's a profound dip in what you're already invested in, doubling down is a pretty common strategy to cut your average cost...  So long as there's ANY future there at all (which there may well be)...  and in a panic like yesterday, you can count on the low point being lower than the stable end point, save in cases where genuine houses of cards/ponzi schemes start falling apart.
As much as I would never touch BTC as an "investment", I've gotta admit that I was kinda envious of those cats who were buying at $80 and then selling at $110 an hour later several times over yesterday.  But that's not investment... that's a fun (and occasionally profitable) game.  The conflation of the two was one of the biggest drivers in causing the real equity and capital markets of the world to fall to hell.  So no, I don't take that as a good sign.
@_date: 2013-10-03 20:14:40
I'm not at all saying that SR in itself was THAT huge a market for BTC... But it was the standard-bearer of an entire segment of the economy (and arguably the only segment that actually involved any "trade" in terms od the Real Economy). That market was driven by trust, and SR was the *non-sketchy* option amongst the various marketplaces... A big part of their userbase is like to get spooked away and just return to RL sources, but more importantly, the *marginal* market - i.e. the folks who enjoy high quality illegal drugs and would love the convenient hookup but hadn't pulled the trigger yet - are probably lost forever.
In terms of overall volume, I know SR was only a small part of the currency's velocity. But much of that activity on the bigger slice of the pie is just trading for fiat, be it for speculation or curiosity or what have you.
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:42:20
Eh, I doubt it. Posting a manifesto on your FB wall is one thing; but having been completely doxxed by this whole affair, standing in front of a Federal judge looking at most of his remaining years in prison? I think he's probably thinking a bit more pragmatically right now.
@_date: 2013-12-02 22:49:44
See, I actually pegged you as reasonavle after my first re-read of this thread. I guess part of my "wishful thinking" conclusion vis a vis BTC comes from the fact that I studied Poly Sci, not Econ, as an undergrad. And... *the US will never do any formal business in BTC*. I mran, yes, if we actually *were* Weimar Germany and about to implode, it'd be conceivable. But we're not, and it's not.
China? Maybe, but never 100%. They're far too invested in the US's stability to declare full on currency war... And even if they did, I don't think it'd be enough yo push BTC "over the top"...
It's an amazingly neat techno-toy, and something the policymakers of the next 30 years would be wise to pay attention to, as a proof of many useful concepts. But it's not the AnCap magic bullet so many make out put to be.  Historical macroeconomics are about evolution, not revolution,
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:31:43
Wouldn't these coins in particular be tainted though? Shouldn't the public ledger give the cops enough information to trace back the trail and, if not "seize" the coins, at least know which coins they were? The Tumbler would preserve "anonymity", but as'the tumbling itself is probably gonna be a big part of the laundering charge, every coin that touched it can be considered poisoned fruit, I think.
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:37:35
Serious question... The timelone mentioned in the OP was "25 years"... Wouldn't the advent of genuinely useful quantum and/or DNA computing make this extrapolation moot? Personally, I doubt it's going to matter that much in reality, but the theory is a fun curiosity.
@_date: 2013-12-02 16:45:59
I just don't see any market mechanism leading to this widespread adoption "speculation stability"...  And this is where every discussion about BTC inevitably runs into a brick wall.  You are entirely correction that *if* all those things happen, and it were to magically assume the stability and widespread adoption of traditional currencies, it would work fine (and have all the neat technical bells and whistles to its credit against the Old Way)...  
But that's a *really huge if*...  the only way we get from the "Until then" to the "Then" would be if, say, the largest single creditor in an economy were to decide to make it happen, and just sort of say... "Let it be done".  Or, in Latin... *fiat*.
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:44:59
Which is nice cover for them, but the NSA/Parallel construction "suspicions" would involve a genuine compromise of TOR. Which they might well keep to themselves, as to not throw gas on the already raging panic fire...
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:40:29
Well yeah, that's a handy service.  But the very reason the transaction is stable is because it's not actually transacted IN BTC, it's done in USD ("real money", if we're being snide).  If you can only trade something for goods and/or services by converting it into dollars, the currency you're using *is the dollar*. The protocol is one thing (neat tech), the "currency" is another entirely (terrifyingly bad economics).
@_date: 2013-10-03 16:57:52
I'm a mere spectator in the Bitcoin phenomenon, but I'm not sure how well this short term stability really bodes... If we accept that there were/are three types of BTC users: speculators/druggies/true believers, the SR fiasco obviously only takes out one of the three... But it's also kind of the shoe that the other two have been waiting to see drop for a year or more now. The volatility yesterday gave them a huge opportunity to buy BTC "cheap", so there was/is naturally an upswell in demand... But the loss of SR is going to throttle the liquidity of the market, and the media coverage sure isn't what the true'believers want in terms of making BTC seem like a non-black market alt currency...  I'll be real interesting to see what happens on the market between now'and the end of the year...
@_date: 2013-10-03 18:30:54
I realize that they're not exactly a for-profit trying to minimize a scandal...  but given their mission and how important a large network is to their protections against data mining attacks, they have every incentive to want to tamp down panic as much as they can.
@_date: 2013-10-03 20:36:05
Fair enough, I guess. And this is so I don't really want to get into the fundamental issues I have with BTC-as-currency; y'all don't come to my house just to shit all over my toys, y'know?
But this development doesn't seem to me in any way a good thing for the hope of more BTC-accepting shops... This is full on national news, and so for a HUGE portion of the shopping public, the first thing they're going to hear about BTC is how it's all tied up with the black market and CP and Assassins (I know SR didn't't actually trade in such shit, but... media). If I'm an executive at a mid-sized second-tier retail organizatipn ( i.e., somewhere between HippieKev's Glassware and KevCo Consolidsted Holdings internatiinal), even if I myself know BTC=!criminality, I'm probably gonna avoid the risk of the association, for fear of turning off potential customers.