@_author: bigkingsupertturbo
@_date: 2018-01-13 02:25:08
LAMBO OR GTAFO REEEEEEEEEE
@_date: 2018-01-06 11:48:53
If I wasn't clear, I was more asking for trivia about the various psychological classes than the mechanics of fraud prevention. No big deal, was just curious!
@_date: 2018-01-14 23:34:33
BCH rejected the protocol changes that allow for 2nd layer optimisations. The whole BCH vs BTC thing rests on the schism over developing through blocksize increases or developing through off chain transactions.
The difference is that BTC can still increase its blocksize should it choose to do so but BCH can't adopt BTC's off chain transaction developments.
@_date: 2018-01-06 01:52:39
That kid has the most compelling stagger face in the pro wrestling performance business.
@_date: 2018-01-19 01:23:38
Classic ball tap.
@_date: 2018-01-17 11:30:45
Should be fairly straight forward to implement with the various tools, just a matter of constructing a transaction to meet that use case.
@_date: 2018-01-20 12:23:09
It's fairly short, which is always a winner imo.


Lysergically Yours by Frank Duff is another good one in a similar vein.
@_date: 2018-01-20 02:12:01
I've got half a dozen netscape email addresses that still work and get regular use.
@_date: 2018-01-06 01:43:44
You can't have technically dense blockchain tech social disruption updates 24/7. In the meantime it's Friday night, the traditional time for retoxing. Cheers.
@_date: 2018-01-15 13:04:59
Thank you for putting the piece in context. What I find disappointing is that The Guardian prides itself on its progressive stance but continues to ignore the real value propositions of cryptocurrencies, ie creating a viable alternative to fiat currencies and developing the potential for improving banking and offering alternative and novel financial services around the world.
Instead of choosing an advocate for index fund investing it would be more appropriate for The Guardian to put forward a social analysis of how the current global economy and its associated politics means that even if crypto can create the right tech meeting its loftiest goals for humanity will remain a challenge due to the fact that, while wealthy people begin enjoying the advantages of crypto, vast numbers of people across the world are struggling to access the basic necessities of life. If the writer wants to emphasise the sensible, sober, low risk approach to long term investment of dollar cost averaging and index funds then it's barely worth mentioning crypto other than to use it as an example of something ridiculously volatile and to provide a facile clickbait headline.
@_date: 2018-01-20 02:17:45
Have you read The Space Between Dreams? It's Hitchhiker's Guide meets the Merry Pranksters in Bladerunner Land.
@_date: 2018-01-19 01:42:15
@_date: 2018-01-20 02:42:17
BRB, learning to program a web app.
@_date: 2018-01-06 02:01:09


Sounds interesting. Any other insights?
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:44:42
Not having segwit is, on a fundamental level, a large piece of what makes BCH a separate chain from BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-17 01:46:48
Has anyone got the rollercoaster guy sitting in a cloud?
@_date: 2017-12-04 15:22:41
It doesn't satisfy your needs. Ok. It must be satisfying other people's needs, no? I don't need a car but others do.
The cost of bringing something to market is the only way I can think of valuing something on a fundamental level. Use as a store of value, means of transfer, and speculative investment can't be neatly separated from one another, so you're left with the fundamental value of the input costs plus/minus current market sentiment as pertains to the uses the market requires. Some people plant wheat, other people buy bread rolls at a sit down restaurant - which one determines the value of flour? In whole it's both, and more besides.
@_date: 2017-12-27 11:21:40
If you don't want to buy a hardware wallet search for the Glacier method, read it, then try to match it as far as you deem appropriate. It's a good primer on security and you can get most of the way with a pair of blank USB sticks and an old laptop.
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:47:13
I've wondered about the mathematical relation between percentage up/down before, what is the agreed term or defined rule for this?
@_date: 2017-12-04 11:08:02
What kind of answer are you looking for? The baseline fundamental value is the energy and hardware cost of recording new entries to the transaction ledger. If recording transactions is considered useful then the market will adopt the technology and speculate on the potential growth or decline of that usefulness, and like any market that becomes a function of supply and demand.
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:19:56
**H**ave  
**O**ver  
(a)  
**D**ozen  
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:24:28
Used cars. Used furniture. I'm sure there's more, and buying either one of those can easily exceed what I would spend on Amazon in a similar timeframe.
@_date: 2017-12-01 01:32:17
Exactly. I'm interested in cryptotokens as an alternative to the slow push towards the obsolescence of hard cash and beyond into the digital fiat system. It's worth having a proven working alternative.
As far as I can tell bitcoin is entirely impartial to who uses it and for what purpose, and that includes the banks and the government. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 11:23:56
TLDR Get a professional accredited accountant before making a transfer.
@_date: 2017-12-01 00:50:28
I was shooting heroin and reading “The Fountainhead” in the front seat of my privately owned police cruiser when a call came in. I put a quarter in the radio to activate it. It was the chief.
“Bad news, detective. We got a situation.”
“What? Is the mayor trying to ban trans fats again?”
“Worse. Somebody just stole four hundred and forty-seven million dollars’ worth of bitcoins.”
The heroin needle practically fell out of my arm. “What kind of monster would do something like that? Bitcoins are the ultimate currency: virtual, anonymous, stateless. They represent true economic freedom, not subject to arbitrary manipulation by any government. Do we have any leads?”
“Not yet. But mark my words: we’re going to figure out who did this and we’re going to take them down … provided someone pays us a fair market rate to do so.”
“Easy, chief,” I said. “Any rate the market offers is, by definition, fair.”
He laughed. “That’s why you’re the best I got, Lisowski. Now you get out there and find those bitcoins.”
“Don’t worry,” I said. “I’m on it.”
I put a quarter in the siren. Ten minutes later, I was on the scene. It was a normal office building, strangled on all sides by public sidewalks. I hopped over them and went inside.
“Home Depot™ Presents the Police!®” I said, flashing my badge and my gun and a small picture of Ron Paul. “Nobody move unless you want to!” They didn’t.
“Now, which one of you punks is going to pay me to investigate this crime?” No one spoke up.
“Come on,” I said. “Don’t you all understand that the protection of private property is the foundation of all personal liberty?”
It didn’t seem like they did.
“Seriously, guys. Without a strong economic motivator, I’m just going to stand here and not solve this case. Cash is fine, but I prefer being paid in gold bullion or autographed Penn Jillette posters.”
Nothing. These people were stonewalling me. It almost seemed like they didn’t care that a fortune in computer money invented to buy drugs was missing.
I figured I could wait them out. I lit several cigarettes indoors. A pregnant lady coughed, and I told her that secondhand smoke is a myth. Just then, a man in glasses made a break for it.
“Subway™ Eat Fresh and Freeze, Scumbag!®” I yelled.
Too late. He was already out the front door. I went after him.
“Stop right there!” I yelled as I ran. He was faster than me because I always try to avoid stepping on public sidewalks. Our country needs a private-sidewalk voucher system, but, thanks to the incestuous interplay between our corrupt federal government and the public-sidewalk lobby, it will never happen.
I was losing him. “Listen, I’ll pay you to stop!” I yelled. “What would you consider an appropriate price point for stopping? I’ll offer you a thirteenth of an ounce of gold and a gently worn ‘Bob Barr ‘08’ extra-large long-sleeved men’s T-shirt!”
He turned. In his hand was a revolver that the Constitution said he had every right to own. He fired at me and missed. I pulled my own gun, put a quarter in it, and fired back. The bullet lodged in a U.S.P.S. mailbox less than a foot from his head. I shot the mailbox again, on purpose.
“All right, all right!” the man yelled, throwing down his weapon. “I give up, cop! I confess: I took the bitcoins.”
“Why’d you do it?” I asked, as I slapped a pair of Oikos™ Greek Yogurt Presents Handcuffs® on the guy.
“Because I was afraid.”
“Afraid of an economic future free from the pernicious meddling of central bankers,” he said. “I’m a central banker.”
I wanted to coldcock the guy. Years ago, a central banker killed my partner. Instead, I shook my head.
“Let this be a message to all your central-banker friends out on the street,” I said. “No matter how many bitcoins you steal, you’ll never take away the dream of an open society based on the principles of personal and economic freedom.”
He nodded, because he knew I was right. Then he swiped his credit card to pay me for arresting him.
@_date: 2017-12-17 01:38:13
He's not the messiah, he's an intelligent man with an informed, experienced opinion and the public speaking skills to clearly communicate his ideas at public events and conferences that are then recorded and shared online.  
Look him up.
@_date: 2017-12-06 15:27:39
The fundamental value will grow if/when/as sidechains and 2nd layer developments allow bitcoin to scale usability far beyond its current limitations, however the market price is increasing faster than the protocol development can match the market's currently over inflated expectations. There's also the confounding factor of taxable events that have an impact on holders and their assessments of possible losses to potential volatility vs the guaranteed cost of exiting to fiat.
What that means for the price? It could go up then down, it could go down then up, or it could go up, down, up again, down again, up again...
@_date: 2017-12-04 02:13:25
Bitcoin is a global, open network for transferring value through the recording of transactions. Its value in its most basic terms is however much value wants to pay the fees to transfer across that network. When it was new and unproven that network was correspondingly small and of limited use. As it has developed and demonstrated its resilience the network has grown and the value wishing to transfer through it has increased. As more dollar value finds the useful features of the bitcoin network worth the transaction fees then due to the manner of implementation the network requires that much value to be available for transactions to occur.
Bear in mind that at any time the bitcoin protocol can be changed, but only if the network achieves consensus on the changes.
Trading groups and subreddits are like cinema reviews or book clubs; they're good for sharing opinions and they make an easy entry point. If you want to share in and understand the knowledge those opinions were based on you'll eventually have to trace it back to the original sources (for example reading the whitepapers, reading publications written by long time figureheads, watching the exchange charts, watching conference presentations on youtube, using the tools, and so on). At some point in the process you become satisfied you have amassed enough knowledge to form an opinion, which is when you return to the discussion to upvote the latest graphs and memes you like seeing.
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:01:05
Delet this
@_date: 2017-12-29 12:21:13


They're not shitposting on reddit, so you'll have to level up and dig deeper:  
Search for bitcoin/crypto conference and event calendars  
Look at who the speakers are and which organisations they represent  
Wait for the videos to hit Youtube, or watch previous videos in the meantime.
Here's a link to the San Francisco Bitcoin Developers' Youtube page to get started 
@_date: 2017-08-15 12:59:39


Sounds like basic unregulated ego function: cement self-worth to a stated position, then defend self-worth regardless of the objective validity of said position.
@_date: 2017-11-14 00:50:55
It's fairly incredible even to a passive spectator to watch the cryptotoken technology/engineering stack becoming implemented over time. Once someone takes the time to get past the price, the memes (nothing wrong with either of those), and the technical schisms, to start reading up on the tech, it's uses and the surrounding ecosystem you can't help thinking that it's still barely getting started. 
Truth is that's because it *is* barely getting started, so adequately demonstrated by these debates over the direction development should take and is taking. It's easy to lose sight of how much more potential there is yet to be realised in this thing called bitcoin, and it evidently can't all be done at the same pace that the market aspect wants it to. If it wasn't so difficult to accelerate development of first theorizing and then translating that theory to a coded product that meets consensus then it would have happened already. It's intriguing.
@_date: 2017-11-17 22:02:25
Multi-sig wallet. Quick example off the top of my head: give your financial partner/successor one sig, your lawyer one, and keep two yourself for a two-of-four solution. No way for the partner to access the funds without consent of either yourself or your lawyer. If you don't trust your lawyer then you add another independent lawyer to the arrangement and adjust the numbers accordingly.
@_date: 2017-09-02 23:45:21
Only viable if you're able to influence the market price in the direction you want it to move, when you want it to move. Otherwise it's a gamble - an uncontrolled market can be irrational in either direction. Also depending on where you live you're probably creating a taxable event when selling.
If you can profitably predict the best time to sell and buy back when the price is falling you might as well sell the lot and start trading options or spread betting.
This is why people advise dollar cost averaging over an appropriate period. You could try and bend cost averaging in your favour by selling installments as the price rises and buying as it falls but at that point you're a day trader with a stomach ulcer to match.
@_date: 2017-09-12 09:54:36
"B-But I don't want to share! It's *miiiine!*"
@_date: 2018-02-13 02:57:47
This happened to my nan. She ended up in prison for 18 weeks where she did nothing but watch BBC channels on the prison telly all day. The irony doesn't end there: The prison she was sent to was featured in a BBC documentary! But the irony doesn't end there either: As a participant in the show she was awarded with royalties that were paid for from those very license fees that she was locked up for not paying! And still the irony continues: Those royalties are exactly the same as the cost of an annual TV license! We're not at the end of the irony yet: She chose not to spend said royalties on a TV license, meaning that she will go back inside and watch more free BBC channels, while still collecting royalties, while still not paying! In effect she is being paid a TV license every year by the BBC in order to watch the same TV channels she was convicted of not paying to watch! You couldn't make it up!
@_date: 2017-10-30 12:18:12
Storing his one and only copy of his seed words on a piece of paper under his teenage child's pillow? He effectively combined the weakest wallet retrieval method with arguably the strongest wallet recovery resistance, then left it unsupervised in a place which offered access to an unauthorised third party (the cleaner).
The wallet retrieval was so trivial that it could be, was intended to be, and indeed was accessed (lift pillow!) and subsequently lost, and the wallet recovery resistance was so effective that he had to use his well connected tech-literate network of contacts to source a custom hardware exploit that critically depended on the good fortune of him maintaining his trezor in an unpatched state.
It's a harsh judgement to say that he "deserved" to lose his coins but it's solely his own culpability for what happened.
@_date: 2017-10-30 13:05:12
Anyone can hold an arbitrary amount of addresses and any address can hold an arbitrary balance of coins. As a very simple example one person might have 10BTC in one address while another person has 10BTC spread across twenty addresses. The only data an investigator can see is that there are 20BTC stored in 21 addresses, which can easily be misinterpreted as one high balance person and twenty low balance people, when in fact there are only two people with exactly equal balances. This is further confused by exchanges that might expose large balances in one address with little indication of that balance's distribution among users, plus the programmatic creation of addresses by bitcoin applications.
All you really know is how the coin supply is distributed among addresses, not how addresses are distributed among people or how their balances are distributed across their addresses.
You can get a feel for the problem by trying to ascertain the underlying distribution of a fiat currency from a database that only reveals how many pockets exist and how much coinage is in each pocket. Because the distribution is only related indirectly you'll be trying to draw a line of correlation on a scatter graph.
@_date: 2018-02-24 23:58:47
Found the Coinye shill.
@_date: 2018-02-10 11:14:41
@_date: 2017-09-09 09:42:59


Too subtle. Just make it flip between straight up and straight down in relation to how the price moves.