@_author: bigmandan25
@_date: 2013-05-03 13:39:06
Hi Charlie.  I've sent many private messages, forum posts, emails, and contact forms to BitInstant and my order from 26 days ago is still not resolved.  I am only missing 0.39 bitcoins due to a price correction.  In the bitcointalk forum, you stated, "We have always and will always be crediting customers at the exact rate at time of deposit...Its in our FAQ on our website, that has not changed since we opened doors
in 2011..."  Several users reported that they had indeed been refunded for price changes occuring between the time of deposit and the arrival of funds in the customer's account.  However, Ursay is now telling me that because I used an MTGox account to deposit my funds, that guarantee doesn't apply.  It took him weeks of repeated inquiries regarding my order id number and my initiation of many messsages, most of which were ignored, before Ursay notified me that BitInstant would not be fulfilling its guarantee.  
This is a hallmark example of how to make a customer angry.
@_date: 2013-05-03 22:36:01
So let me get this straight.  When you said: "we have always and will always be crediting customers at the exact rate at time of deposit," you were not telling the whole truth, right?  "Always" actually means "sometimes," right?  If I had known that this policy only applied to certain types of deposits, I would have made a guaranteed deposit.  
I have defended BitInstant as legitimate in many forums, but this strikes me as an illegitimate, unfair way of treating customers.  Gosh, I tried so hard to like you guys, but this is so frustrating!
@_date: 2013-05-04 02:24:20
Here's a link to the original quote: 
Check out the fourth post from the top.
@_date: 2013-05-03 23:23:56
Hey Charlie,
It looks like you corrected the price increase for this order, despite that the customer used an MTGox account as the destination for his transfer.  It also looks like you did the same for the order: ce9e1584-c576-461d-b2b4-39ff4295e3d6 .  
Can I be similarly refunded for the price change to my account?  My quote id is: 4197f7ce-e56f-4b52-afdd-e8bb5085925f .  So far, despite your insistence that you will always honor the price at time of deposit, your staff has refused to settle my transaction from more than 26 days ago.
@_date: 2013-05-07 03:24:37
Hmm, I just checked and the funds have not arrived.  Are you sure you sent them to the right account?  Thanks.
@_date: 2013-05-06 01:12:07
The quote you are referencing reads:
"You will get your coins at the price you expect.  If you don't then I will help you to resolve the issue.  Charlie will confirm shortly."
Nothing more, nothing less.
This quote helps MY case, not yours.
Come on BitInstant customer support!  Be reasonable!
I will soon be posting a new reddit thread with a description of my situation and links to a website with every correspondence I've had with BitInstant.  I'll reveal timestamps and screenshots (already saved and corroborated) of the unfulfilled promises, contradictions, and unreasonable refusals I've received from BitInstant.  I'll also include evidence of BitInstant's fulfillment of price corrections and fee reversals from transactions consisting of cash deposits to MTGox accounts using BitInstant.  I've contacted more than a few BitInstant customers from the bitcointalk forums and received several positive affirmations regarding such transactions.
You might consider this a warning.  I think others should know about how BitInstant's customer "support" really operates.  But since this will take some time to compile, I will not be posting the thread for a few more days.  If you wish to settle our disagreement beforehand, feel free to send me a private message.
@_date: 2013-05-06 06:06:10
Here's are a couple of quotes from the BitInstant website under "How it Works."  You might find them interesting.
"Cash deposits are the fastest way to pay for Bitcoins..."
"What service does BitInstant provide?
We provide a means to rapidly pay funds to bitcoin exchanges far faster than the usual methods by automating the entire process. Traditionally, bitcoin exchanges handle deposits using several methods, some of which can be annoyingly slow with delays of up to a week before funds are available for use. During this waiting period, as with any currency, exchange rates can fluctuate and you may not get the same amount you would have been able to at the time you begun your deposit.
Our service aims to make most deposits happen instantly - within a matter of seconds in ideal cases, and in an absolute worst-case scenario we will still aim to have funds into your exchange account before a stated maximum deadline (on average up to 24 hours depending on various conditions). We are an agent of the exchanges. So, when you pay us, you have effectively paid the exchange..."
The portion of my deposit that was eventually deposited into my account arrived through a "manual transfer" two days after my cash deposit.  If this manual transfer had occurred within the guaranteed window, we would not be having this conversation.
@_date: 2013-05-04 02:13:51
That statement came from Yankee (i.e. Charlie) on April 8th of this year, as can be seen on page 183 of the "Official Newbie BitInstant Support Thread (Active Customer Support)" on bitcointalk.org .  
This "guarantee" corroborates a statement made many times from your reddit account that reads: "BiitInstant always honors the price at time of deposit and will always pay refunds. We have been doing this since 2011 and dont intend to stop now."
Do you see a contradiction here?  Please do not thank me for understanding because I do NOT understand how you could justify treating your customers like this.  I've been reasonable, patient, and factually accurate in my correspondences.
Also, I did request a fee refund two days ago and have not received any response.  In fact, I've filled out multiple contact forms requesting a refund of those fees and they have been ignored.  I've also sent personal messages and posted on the bitcointalk forum requesting a refund of those fees and those have been ignored.  I've sent multiple emails to three of your staff members and those have been ignored.  When I'm not being ignored, I'm being asked for my order-id or other info, which I provide promptly before being ignored again...
@_date: 2013-05-04 18:10:20
I do hope you'll reconsider, Charlie.  Please reread your own bold text, above. 
@_date: 2013-05-06 01:22:05
The quote you are referencing reads:
"You will get your coins at the price you expect. If you don't then I will help you to resolve the issue. Charlie will confirm shortly."
Nothing more, nothing less.
Ironically, this quote helps MY case, not yours.
Please be reasonable.  Your responses are making less and less sense.