@_author: bigmediainc
@_date: 2014-01-11 05:27:51
Clearly this was a hit piece, and that should send shivers down your spine given this is coming from CNN.
Evidence is [here]( that the attack was completely canned.
To summarize, the news anchor attacks Bitcoin by casting it off as a tool used only by geeks and miners, on the pretense that most people find Bitcoin impossible to acquire. Yet, the anchor clearly went into her attack with the knowledge that Coinbase makes it easy to buy Bitcoin. You can tell this is the case because of how effortlessly she transitions into a [backpedal]( right after Patrick shoots it down. What, do you think she learned of valuable Bitcoin middlemen a nanosecond after making the attack? Nope, she knew it all along.
Remember guys, everything these people say on TV is professionally crafted. Just ask yourself, what are the writers strategizing when they come up with plots like this? What's the intention here? Read in between th elines.
This was clearly a hit piece from the beginning.
Judging by her nonverbal gestures, and lack of wit, this news anchor was definitely an amateur. They didn't even think to send in the pros. Just goes to show you how little the guys at the top think of Bitcoin.
They underestimate us.
Banks will try to sink Bitcoin however they can, because they don't have any other option. Never forget your roots, r/bitcoin, because they don't play by the rules. They make the rules, and CNN is just the long arm of the sociopathic cabal of people who would rather indefinitely detain you, take away your guns, pass SOPA/PIPA, censor the Internet, and destroy privacy as we know it.
They have to kill Bitcoin because the modern State is fully dependent upon unsustainable activities including but not limited to perpetual war, and fueling one bubble after another in the financial markets, which by the way they have the ultimate insider trading advantage in, because not only can the kleptoclass spy indiscriminately on Forture 500 companies and everyone in the world, they can **legally** trade on that knowledge. I'm predicting insider trading will be exposed in future Snowden leaks, and it will be extremely apparent then that we live in a full out police state owned and operated by global silver spoon kleptocrats.
Fuck these guys. The kleptocrats are just jealous they didn't think of Bitcoin first. They're mad they don't own all the wealth.
p.s. There's a lot of work and risk involved in anonymously writing controversial things. r/bitcoin is getting full of clueless Statists and politically uninformed sheep, which makes this place fucking boring. Show your support and give me a damned upvote, or at least comment before you impulse downvote, bastahd!