@_author: bigolefatman
@_date: 2015-01-14 22:55:08
Yeah but I would totally make a computer out of bread. I'm really not interested in tried-and-true anything when it comes to the modern world. "if it aint broke don't fix it" does not apply to me, that is terribly boring. In 10 years I'll probably think completely different, but right now fuck it. Bread computers are cooler than normal ones.
And I'm really not into just amassing a fortune in a smart and stable way at this moment in life, when I am, you're absolutely right, stocks are about 100x smarter to get into. But right now it's just for fun, an awesome, highly-volatile crash course with guaranteed pain/gain, or both, for investing in the future.
@_date: 2015-01-14 22:31:42
haha wow. Apparently this is a "to" vs "too" level of annoyance for you. I was literally thinking about this exact phrase on my drive to work yesterday morning. Yep slipped by the second time but you can see, my first use of it was correct. Boom.
@_date: 2015-01-16 19:22:40
Karpeles really looks like one of those self-proclaimed tech guys. The IT guys that belittle you 'Nick Burns' style, talking themselves up like no other, when they truly have little to no idea what they're talking about, they just really love to think of themselves as super-genius computer guys and stroke their ego out loud. Lots of these types are taken at their word, as an IT Manager myself, I have seen and worked with so many incompetent buffoons who talk themselves up to non-tech types and people actually buy it, so they end up climbing the ladder through nothing but ego-inflated, empty tech talk. Karpeles looks and acts EXACTLY like this type of guy, and he was just more successful and working his way through the cracks than others, which got him to that level. The way Gox was run, how out-of-date and relaxed the infrastructure and security of the company was, and even how the 'hack' was handled by Gox, all reek of that ego-inflated MtG-playing(what a coincidence)/WoW-addicted self-imposed 'nerd' type.
This guy wouldn't be capable of running something like the silk road, he isn't the 'mastermind' behind anything that takes this much brainpower. Stop giving the dickhead so much credit. He was just in the right place at the right time with the right backings to get himself into a position he was way too incapable of being in to begin with. Hell, even in conventional IT I doubt he'd even be a really effective Jr. Helpdesk tech.