@_author: bigshegzy
@_date: 2017-12-22 12:44:24
This is yet more uninformed stupidity. Stop trying to equate a CRASH to death. Boom and bust cycle is inherent to the financial market. A crash does not mean it's over. People have to stop getting so fucking offended when someone says we're in a bubble (which we early are) and that it will burst. It doesn't equate to the end. Stop conflating this, it's nonsense and it's extremely ill informed. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:42:19
Absolutely no idea. One day. One year. Forever. Who knows. There are a lot of people way smarter than me who also have no idea. The issue is that economics is not an exact science. There is no way to mathematically model that sort of thing. The other issue is that Cryptocurrencies are relatively new, and therefore we have no comparison. The depressed price is likely to be just that, depressed. But it should increase to a level that is not based on demand hysteria, so long as consumers have decided that it has value to them. If I was to give you a defined timescale, I would be simply guessing - which I always avoid doing. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:49:30
Totally agree. I've no idea when it will burst, only that it definitely will. This is EXACTLY what I mean. It's value is dictated by people like you and several other people are doing. Which is absolutely fine with me. The point I am making is that by every definition possible, it is absolutely a bubble. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:12:55
Niggas cryptopimpin son. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:47:27
I don't think you realised what a bubble is. People seem to get so offended when someone says Bitcoin is a bubble. It means that it's current price is based on speculation and driven by demand. It does not mean that once it crashes it will be useless or cease to exist. It simply means that the boom and bust cycle of the financial markets will act upon this asset like they do everything else. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:41:14
Please keep feeding me your tears. You are clearly too stupid to see it falling apart, you're too invested. Cut your losses, stupid man. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:59:04
Unfortunately that's not how a bubble works, it will have to burst to come back down. Once the value stops increasing, people panic and sell. When everyone sells at the same time, the value drops rapidly due to oversupply and ergo the bubble bursts. This is what happened in the 2008 financial crisis.
The idea of Bitcoin as a currency is fascinating. It's way too volatile to ever be used in that way as yet, but who knows in the future. This would be an unbelievable leap in economic history. Where transactions would be peer to peer and cut out the banks. The implications for humanity would be profound, but I'd love to see it. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:03:09
This is the problem with really smart tech people crossing paths with really smart financial people. Tech people can understand and appreciate the profound benefits of Bitcoin as a financial tool, where as financial analysts (like myself) see if as little more than an investment.
This is where I think we are both wrong. The people in tech assume that the "crash" means that Bitcoin will somehow crash, burn and die. Not the case. The financial markets have a boom and bust cycle, that much is absolutely and undeniably factual.
So to understand why it is ALMOST CERTAINLY a bubble, we need to look at WHY thks asset has increased so rapidly. To ask the average Joe who has invested in Bitcoin why they have, their answer will usually be something to do with "blockchain" but they really won't understand what they're saying. I won't try to convince you that I know either, I am certainly not an expert on the tech. However, although the blockchain technology definitely has a use in a capatlist society, the issue is that this is not what gives Bitcoin it's current value.
The current value (enormous spike and growing) is simply created by demand. The most basic fundamental of economics. This drives the price up exponentially, but is completely unfounded. Think back to the financial crisis of 2008, where practically anyone could get a mortgage, and the average Joe could invest and make a quick buck. The exact same principle. This market "crashed", but we still have a solid housing market, don't we? Boom and bust.
Advice towards investing in Bitcoin would be, buy now, sell soon - or if you have the means then short, and buy it when it's cheap - as it is likely to level out and have its value dictated by its actual worth rather than demand hysteria. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:23:35
Well yes you are correct, but I was comparing the concept. The aspects you are talking about were the main drivers of a global financial crisis spread from the housing market alone, as it linked everything to borrowed money. So yes, I will concede that it would definitely be a whole lot less explosive, but the fundamentals of driving up the price due to demand is the same. My question to you is; do you think when the price stops rising, the average Joe will keep his Bitcoin or will be sell it as quickly as possible? 
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:54:05
Yeah definitely, I think the people who are really invested in this want to see it as more than a Tech stock. Or even more than a stock at all: as a currency... That changes in value every second? I can't see it.
Maybe the tech will take on something new and amazing with the publicity it's received over the last year, but holding onto the stock just for that reason would be just like buying a lottery ticket.
I think you're right with your strategy, the only difficulty is gauging when the stock will drop. Which is always the difficulty! Sometimes I'm just glad I don't have to invest my own money haha...
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:29:06
So wait... Are you claiming that Bitcoin will replace fiat currencies?
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:42:49
Well, you can compare the two of you like. Gold is  a precious metal that has been given worth by literally thousands of years of use as an indicator or wealth.
We've seen gold rushes in the past, where fiat currency is seen to be unreliable and therefore we go back to the old system of backing up our money with gold. Of course these are bubbles as well.
Bitcoin is supposed to mimic the characteristics of gold in that there is a finite amount of it, and it can be used as an asset. If I was talking about gold in this case, the idea would be exactly the same. The issue is that right now you can INVEST in gold but you can only SPECULATE in Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:09:09
Good question. It's really impossible to tell. When I use the term "soon" to my clients, I mean that within the next quarter (three months) I would pull out of my position, at the most. It is quite often the case that the stock continues to rise after this time, and they can get quite irate. But when it crashes I tell then, aren't you happy with all the money you just made? Never, ever, EVER compare what you have made to what you could have made. The likelihood that you would pull out of your position just before a market crash is exponentially small. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:03:39
Ah, and the price of Bitcoin plummets, right on schedule. Suck my beautiful dick. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:52:13
Solid rule. But I'm just sharing what I know. So say I can't have any idea is just nonsense. I am a professional financial analyst, and it's my job to know how to identify these situations. By all means, don't listen to it. But if you can argue with my points logically, don't claim I have no idea what I'm talking about. Just continue to speculate on blind faith...
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:26:47
Salty. Love it. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:38:05
OK... So I understand these concepts, but what I'm saying is that right now the increase in Bitcoin is a bubble. This has nothing to do with what you're giving me. Unless you're saying that people are investing in Bitcoin for these reasons... Seems like a completely different argument. What I'm saying is that this current increase in value has all the definitive characteristics of a bubble. Interesting read, though. Confused as to what point you are trying to make. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:05:32
And one day later, the price of Bitcoin plummets. Eat my shitpost. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:19:26
Well no, not exactly. After a crash there are so many external influences, there could be heavy government regulations put in place that would change the incentive structure for investing in Bitcoin. We have still not recovered from the crash in 2008, and outside of London and the major cities of the world most housing prices are not at the level they were ten years ago. It absolutely doesn't go from 18k to 0, but a fall to find a level where trading continues is where it will fall to. Most people (aside from some professionals) do not want to speculate for 10-15+ years in an EXTREMELY volatile market, which the housing market is not. If you were making (on paper) 19% every day at the moment, would you continue to invest in an asset that grew 1% in a year? Or less? That could fall further? Speculation would cease. But worthwhile investment would be likely to come afterwards. 