@_author: biotic101
@_date: 2019-11-11 11:40:43
Thanks, but naturally just trying to put the pieces together. I think the point many BTC retail investors do not get is, that big money took over. This is a fundamental change of the game compared to the early days. That is why I think BTC is no longer a good investment. The futures market is owned by the big investors and most retail traders just lose money. It is no longer about the technology, news and statements are just to manipulate price, like you see it on daily base on the general futures markets. I especially do not like the whole Tether issues and that BTC gains back in dominance, what makes no sense, if it would be about technology. The expected cycle would be next generation alt coins that are superior to BTC gaining in dominance.
@_date: 2019-10-25 11:09:34
The fundamental difference to the early days is, that now there are futures in play. Whales can move the market and bet with futures. Who would not use this chance to print money? In the early days it was all about excitement and potential, but the focus has changed. To understand how big guys bet vs retails you can check this indicator/example:  [ 
Now check the Bitcoin chart:  [ As you can see the retail sentiment is extremely bullish. And the professional sentiment is:  We typically take a contrarian view to crowd sentiment, and the fact traders are net-long suggests Bitcoin prices may continue to fall. Traders are further net-long than yesterday and last week, and the combination of current sentiment and recent changes gives us a stronger Bitcoin-bearish contrarian trading bias. 
You probably ask, why things work that way and the reason is simple: only realized profits are real profits. So in the end someone needs to hold the bag and it will not be the professionals, but the small investors attracted by news and fear of missing out. So far the inflow and tether printing still manage to keep the price stable so the big boys can continue their whale futures casino. In the end inflow will dry up and they will have to find another toy to manipulate. Naturally it is your money, do whatever you feel is best. But being careful and reasonable when investing pays out, FOMO does not.
@_date: 2019-10-02 08:09:18
Since the introduction of futures the whole scope has changed. It is no longer about technology, but a whale casino for those market movers. To keep it running you need to lure in a constant flow of new investors (FOMO newbies), who will in the end hold the bag, because they have to buy in at high price and do not have the advantage of the early adopters (only realized profit is counting in the end). At one point this stream of new investors will dry up, though. Tether and news pumping can not compensate for the underlying issues with BTC forever. We had a boom when BTC jumped over 10k again, but the question is how long you can rinse and repeat. 
So what I personally would expect is, that at some point in time we could have the attempt to start to move on to "the next big thing" (preferably also with futures) in an attempt to keep the whale casino open longer by creating a new hype. At that point the market movers would start to trash BTC and point to its weaknesses and why its technology is outdated, etc and start to promote something else.
So while this is just a personal prediction based on the logic of greed and also might not be related to this statement, I would still suggest to look out for the combination of Gurus trashing BTC and at the same time steep increase in price of some altcoins (like we saw it xmas 2017 f.e., don't see that so far). I know I will be downrated by the fanboys as usual, but my intention is to warn new investors to not lose their money or livelihood due to false promises to a bunch of very very smart people. I trade futures for a living and have seen this too often - most people will only lose all their money, because in the end someone has to finance all the gains of the big boys and so according to a study in the long run over 98% fail. 
In case that you will see those two things happen at some point in time it is probably too late already, but if you bought at a good price you might at least think about realizing enough profit to make sure you will end up green when all the dust settles...
@_date: 2019-10-25 11:22:20
It is called "Lower High" - that is a bearish signal in trading.
@_date: 2019-06-27 21:17:41
Well you should be bothered. Because who would not use an unregulated market you can bet on with futures to his advantage, when they can move the market. Also look at Tether and why altcoins did increase much less. I posted my thoughts first when BTC was below 4k and it was clear they can not drop it anymore or the cashcow dies. Then I posted at 9k that they will pump it over 10k for the media hype to attract more FOMO FIAT so they can cash in while keeping it bouncing around 12k. I am quite sure that at one point they will start to talk about all the problems BTC has including the footprint and will move on to the "next big thing" (favourably an asset with futures available)....  
So if someone is telling you to HODL he is either not bothering with looking up the facts in an objective manner, or just wants you to be the bagHODLer who pays the bill for all those whale Lambos in the end. While Blockchain has potential Bitcoin has become a whale casino - so make sure you take profits on the way and that you will be green in the end.
@_date: 2019-10-26 11:02:19
You really hit the nail on the head. Exhaustion bars usually can not sustain. But this massive move will create news and attract a lot of FOMO buyers - so the big boys will be able to cash out secretly.
There is even a strategy built on the retail investor sentiment - because they are usually on the wrong side: [  
Very often a quick move up happens right before a deep drop and indeed that scenario is a possibility: [
@_date: 2019-06-27 22:20:32
Exactly, he shouldn't listen to comments of some idiots. He should do some research himself and figure things out. After that he will probably understand what problems there are and why this is just a casino for whales betting on futures. Seems you do not bother too much with facts though, NaabKing.
 Don't treat Bitcoin as a serious investment, just play it for fun as you wrote....
@_date: 2019-06-17 15:00:33
Last time at the top there were huge spikes at some altcoins. Not sure how much those Ethereum futures are traded currently, but guess volume is really low. So maybe the whales will drop Bitcoin in the future (Carbon Footprint and other issues) and do the same with ETH instead.... Actually might be a good idea to prepare for such a possible move...
@_date: 2019-06-27 21:53:13
You are aware that this is an unregulated market and some whales have enough BTC to move the market while betting on futures, right ? You are aware what is going on with Tether and you looked up if there is a correlation with Tether printing and BTC price, right ? You... ok well forget it. You will probably not listen to any reasonable arguments and it is none of my business anyways. Bitcoin is how everybody can get rich the easy way, right? Well, Just make sure you will be green when the dust settles and they move on to the "next big thing" leaving behind a lot of bag HODLers who have payed for all the whale Lambos. Unrealized profit is only hot air... the whales do know, that's why they lure you in to cash out. I hope I am wrong and you all make a shitload of money, but at least follow the basic rules of investment. Especially if you are investing at this insanely pumped up price levels.
@_date: 2019-06-17 05:20:03
Actually that should not put a smile on your face, but you should start to get worried and look up Tether printing vs Bitcoin price. Then you should look up the increased futures activity. Wrote about this  months ago when the price was below 3500. So what could be the goal ? I would assume pushing over 10k so Bitcoin is all over the news and fresh FOMO fiat will pour in. Time for the big boys to cover while bouncing between 10-12k and once the inflow drys up I would expect another massive drop. Not saying you can not make money here, but need to be sure that when all the dust settles you are green in any scenario. Scaling in and out would be the way to go - only realized profit is what counts. Don't be one of the unfortunate bag HODLers who pays for their Lambo collection. Besides that cashing out is also fun! [
@_date: 2019-06-17 06:01:08
Check out Tether printing. Maybe that is what is going on and you got it all wrong ?
@_date: 2019-06-18 05:15:49
Well, you probably did well, compared to Bitcoin we are still very far from the top, though...
@_date: 2019-06-27 21:26:56
You hit the nail on the head. Too bad not many bother to count one and one together...
@_date: 2019-06-28 17:33:52
Well you do not seem to realize that things change over time. What was then was then, today there are totally different issues. If you fail to grasp that and to understand what has fundamentally changed, feel free to HODL, it is your money anyway, could not care less...
What I do care about are FOMO newbies, because they do not have the benefit of the early adopter and will lose most of their money.
@_date: 2019-06-28 02:13:21
Well as I posted if I could move the market and make insane money betting on futures I would do so as well. But someone always has to pay the bill when the dust settles.
I posted about this 6 months ago already when we were below 4k and indeed they pumped it up. Look at Tether printing. Look at all the current issues with Bitcoin regarding mining, transactions, energy cost, etc. 
It went from well deserved technology hype to artificial hype to keep the whales cash cow alive and kicking. Those guys will predict whatever just to keep the hype going to cash in big time.
If you are an early adopter you made good money in case you cashed out at least partially, but the newbies who buy in at this price will get burned big time.
@_date: 2019-06-28 16:59:12
Well good that you know for sure. So there will be for sure no surprise, when the whole thing comes down, right? 
And where did I say it is ALL Tether pumped ? You move the price in some direction to cash in on futures, Tether plays his role in this, even if it is not exclusively. But any sane investor would do good to be cautious in an unregulated market with this fishy stuff going on.
If you an early adopter and cashed in partially already you will be green anyways, good for you. But those newbies that buy in at current price levels have not only a chance to make some money with this investment but also a huge risk to lose most of it. Anybody who denies that is either ignorant or selfish.
@_date: 2019-06-17 15:08:06
Yes, could be indeed a smart move. First they attract FOMO money by getting over over 10k. Once the flow dries up they would move to ETH to repeat the whole show and invent a nice story to tell why Bitcoin is done and why ETH would be the next big thing.... Last time at the top there were some massive moves in some altcoin prices, so I would not be surprised to see something similar in a few weeks when they cash out...
@_date: 2019-06-17 05:57:22
You sure ? Or is it just a Tether pump? So maybe it is just logical and a warning signal that the altcoins are not skyrocketing?
@_date: 2019-06-17 05:36:15
This is really sad, I hope the situation will improve soon, even though it is probably not realistic.
When it comes to Bitcoin I am worried because of all that Tether pumping and the increased futures activity. If you would be able to move the not regulated markets and cash in on futures would you not do that to make insane money? Posted about this like 6 months ago when price was below 3500 and it was either price goes up or cash cow is dead. Now I would expect pumping over 10k so the news hype attracts FOMO fiat and the big boys covering while it hovers between 10-12k and then a massive drop again. That is why I would normally advise to cash out partially from time to time and to diversify. Is there a safe way to do that or just altcoins (which probably will also drop but not as much). Around XMas before the first drop the price of some alt coins skyrocketed a few days though....
@_date: 2019-06-17 16:30:22
Oh ok, but thx for sparking this thought with your posting... will probably rather collect more ETH  just to be prepared :)
@_date: 2019-06-27 21:37:57
If you want to lose your money go ahead and hold. Things have changed and this is only fake now, read about Tether for example. 
Only way I see to make money now is to buy low and sell high... but best is to not touch BTC at all at this price.
Maybe you find some interesting altcoin with future and not fake potential instead.
@_date: 2019-12-07 09:46:51
Great article, hope it helps a few.
@_date: 2019-06-28 00:16:29
I don't expect an immediate drop way below 10k. They need the hype to continue to attract more newbies with FOMO, who will put their hard earned FIAT into Bitcoin. Once the inflow will stop is when things get interesting...
@_date: 2019-06-27 21:25:29
It is called FOMO. Facts do not matter anymore, if you think you can get rich in an instant.
Sad thing is that new buyers have probably missed the train already so any new investment is highly risky, you need to make sure to take profits, buy low sell high.
In investment only realized profit counts. Everything else is just hot air fueling the whale casino.
When they close it and move o to "the next big thing" Bitcoin will just have value as a collectors item.
@_date: 2019-12-07 10:04:57
You are aware that BTC can fall as well, right? Personally I would think price goes up till XMas at least, but long term I am sceptical. Evading devaluation by jumping into a high risk asset is not logical, but I understand it could be one of the few options you have. Try to diversify if possible to minimize risk though.
@_date: 2019-12-23 12:58:36
Hmm... I have to admit I was expecting the move a bit earlier and with more momentum. Really curious what will happen around the holidays.
@_date: 2019-12-07 09:29:53
Wow. That is just sad. Keep us updated how this works out.
@_date: 2019-06-28 17:23:31
Nope. As you can see in my history I came here 6 months ago to share my thoughts when BTC was at its lows. Should probably not care. It is not my money after all and whoever disregards the basic rules of investment probably just deserves to lose it all.
Nonetheless I find it troublesome, if people are lured in by hype and do some crazy FOMO stuff and risk their livelihood. It is important to realize some profit on the way to make sure you are green in any scenario. For late adopters this is not an easy task, while almost all early adopters are very, very green.
Now we are precisely at the point of the predicted scenario, where the FOMO buyers come back in and that is why I am posting here again. Naturally - due to psychology - most will just think I somehow want to take the easy way to unimaginable riches away from them and will disagree and downvote. That is ok with me, can't help those.
But maybe at least a few start to grasp, what is really going on, do their own research and make sure they do not lose money in the end...
@_date: 2019-12-07 12:17:35
Great news.
@_date: 2019-12-07 10:26:33
Someone just posted about this article, might help...
[Bitcoin Scam Reality](
@_date: 2019-12-07 12:04:17
I would not be surprised to see BTC going up till XMas to attract liquidity, but am sceptical in general, when it comes to BTC in the long term. After the introduction of futures I feel that big money has taken over. No longer about technology but a whale casino. I have posted a few thoughts about BTC and how big money hunts liquidity by farming small traders here:
 [
@_date: 2019-09-30 11:59:26
Depends on what you define as "dead". In the early years the driver was being part of a technical revolution, but that time is long gone IMHO. Nowadays it is just about attracting new investors by addressing their greed and FOMO to keep the BTC/Futures casino running. News and hype about breaking 10k did their job so far. But at some point the inflow from new investors will stop and they will have to decide, if they can pull off another drop and rally cyclus, or simply move on to something else with a smaller footprint and advanced technology. All of the sudden the gurus will start to "change their mind" and diss BTC. And they will come up with some alternative (which optimally laso has futures) to redo the hype cyclus.
Maybe some of you remember, what happened around XMas 2017 and how quick things go, when the whales start to act.
@_date: 2019-09-30 12:09:24
That is funny, I believe you will lose most of your money within the year :)
@_date: 2019-09-30 21:13:58
Well most of the posts claiming the price will go up, some even expect 100k, are just for the own benefit. Early adopters indeed could make a lot of money, but times have changed especially with Tether and the Futures. Some probably really do not realize this, but most simply want to lure in newbie buyers, who will unfortunately pay the bill because they have to buy at high prices.
@_date: 2019-09-30 10:49:33
This is so silly. Why do you think most disclaimers include " The past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results".
The situation has simply changed. Early adopters did usually make a lot of money. But there always has to be a bag holder in the end, since only realized profits are "real".
The introduction of the futures was a game changer, now market movers can make insane money by brute force. It is no longer about the technology. So why someone would bring up a time with a totally different setup ? Either he is clueless or he simply tries to lure in more FOMO newbies, so the slot machine can run a little bit longer and he can take your money.
There might be still a few people that manage to make some gains as late adopters by trading BTC frequently, but buy and HODL is deadly at the current price - you just volunteer to be the bag holder. You can look up info about Tether pumping and other stuff, but greed usually makes people careless and open to manipulation. I have tried to warn people here for some time now, since I am a fulltime trader and have at least some insight to how markets work, but realized it is just a waste of time. I guess you can check my history, was predicting the latest surge and the drop correctly, because it was just a logical development.
When it comes to money you better be very careful. If not you get what you deserve quickly nowadays. Be at least smart enough to not take any loans because you plan to be a BTC millionaire. That time is unfortunately over and you missed the train.
@_date: 2019-09-30 21:00:48
Hard to say, because this is a really complex topic and there is too much hype and scam/money involved. I think one aspect is, that a lot of companies are really interested in the blockchain technology. But that does not necessarily mean, that they will use an existing cryptocurrency. As with any new technology a lot of the early pioneers will simply not make it in the long run.
So I think the real investment in the crypto world would be to learn the technology and getting involved with projects or start your own one instead of just buying a coin. In any case one of the first rules of investment is to diversify, so one should always invest only a friction of his money into crypto, basically playing around with some money you don't really need. Early adopters were at the right place at the right time and could make a lot of money. But today we are no longer in that phase, things have changed...