@_author: biscotti499
@_date: 2019-05-03 15:52:57
I applaud your efforts.   [ToniT800]( has a lot to learn, but probably a lot to unlearn first.  I suspect he/she will walk away from this lesson because it doesn't fit their narrative.
I'm saving the part about the illegality being the most dangerous part of the drugs if they choose to continue the debate.
@_date: 2019-05-03 15:40:48
\&gt;  My (ex)GF
So not even your own experience, but the anecdotal evidence from someone who has a very biased position due to their job.
What if I told you that in finance/banking, a lot of people use drugs and all of them are very successful, pay a huge amount of taxes and look after their families very well.  People here are dedicated to contributing to society (and of course themselves and their loved ones).
There are a lot more people like this than the people your ex will ever meet in her lifetime.
@_date: 2019-05-03 16:24:05
This was exactly my experience at 16, and for other members of my family and friends.
The propaganda is more dangerous as you then assume that all the other drugs are also falsely represented, I agree.
@_date: 2019-05-03 16:21:24
Oh please, I know easily thousands times more people who have used both legal and illegal substances to make their lives better and more productive than those who have fallen by the wayside.  For every £1 someone in this building spends on cocaine they are paying £10 in taxes from the extra income it brings them.  There are probably several hundred people using it daily and generating £millions in wealth daily as a result.
You wont hear about these people but they are the ones who are powering the economy and providing social support through taxes for millions of others.
The typical drug user is a wealthy white male, not some ghetto rat.  I accept that you probably have no experience of being around these people but this is where the majority of drugs goes to, not the poor 'addicts' as you call them.  You only hear about the unsuccessful users, not the more common successful ones.