@_author: bishmasterl
@_date: 2013-12-24 08:58:10


@_date: 2013-04-24 21:14:50
I'd be weary to assume that this will be a long term trend. While I do think that BTS will be valued in countries with the following two characteristics:
1. Governments that are evil. (I couldn't think of a better word to describe governments that spy on their citizens to a huge extent like in China, who kill their citizens, who criminalize certain types of otherwise normal economic behavior, etc.)
2. Countries with currencies that aren't stable for one reason or another. China, Nigeria, Zimbabwe, etc. 
I'm also cautious that the inherently high start up cost to getting involved with BTS (It costs a lot of money to get the kind of processing power to make BTS mining profitable or at least significant.) will mean that the people in these countries simply can't afford it. 
Plus, people in many of these countries where BTS would be a wonderful solution to government spying/other evil shit might not have a consistent enough internet connection to use BTS effectively. 
EDIT: I don't know why it's making it look like I'm quoting the two listed items about governments being evil and currencies that are unstable. 
@_date: 2013-04-25 00:46:31
Sure... have your damn upvote.
@_date: 2013-12-23 16:35:31
What is it about BTC that makes the market, and especially it's most ardent supporters, believe it is the better cryptocurrency to all the others coming about as of late? 
Is it just because BTC came first and so that's where all the investment is? Or is there specifically something about how they work, their rate of creation, etc. that makes you value them more than other digital currencies? 
@_date: 2013-12-23 16:41:48
That doesn't make any sense. If you're expecting BTC to take over the dollar as the currency used by the masses, you're fooling yourself. The government can and will, and probably should, enforce strict rules on how BTC can be used and where. I likely see it winding up being treated like a commodity or stock. However, at the end of the day, your taxes will still be due in dollars. If you don't pay them in dollars, and they know you made money based on your income, economic activity, etc. then they will bring you to court for tax evasion. They're very good at that. 