@_author: bit4tat
@_date: 2015-10-12 00:55:42
Interesting, thank you for the info. I hope they fix this soon.
@_date: 2015-10-09 00:22:30
I'm amazed and somewhat perplexed how you got Wyoming available for trading. Didn't Coinbase have to pull their USD wallet feature out of Wyoming because the money transmitter laws in Wyoming are dangerously vague and, depending on interpretation, could easily be used to shut down Bitcoin businesses? Maybe that was just Coinbase being ultra cautious, though.
edit: [source](
Looks like it was *all* Bitcoin business, not just USD wallet. Yikes.
@_date: 2015-10-11 12:49:00
It's always a good idea to first send a small amount of bitcoin to an address when testing the waters. It's an even better idea to first make a backup of your wallet.
I really hate the term wallet, though, when it comes to bitcoin. It's a bit of a misnomer. Your wallet doesn't hold money. It holds keys that unlock the money. Always be aware that these keys must be securely guarded. If you lose them, your bitcoins are gone forever. If someone else (in real life or over the internet) sees them, they can make a copy of the keys and steal your bitcoin.
All that said, if you are confident that your private bitcoin keys are safe and secure, go ahead and send a small transaction to one of the addresses that your wallet generated. Your wallet software should almost instantly see the transaction incoming. Then give it an hour or so to be confirmed into the blockchain. You can verify that the transaction was successful by checking the balance on that address using a web-based block explorer such as [ Oh, and make sure you use the recommended fee. There is a chance your transaction won't get processed if the fee is too low. If you buy your bitcoin from Coinbase, they pay the mining fee for you.
Have fun! Just remember it's still the pioneer days of Bitcoin. It's far from fool proof and easy to goof up and lose money if you don't stay cautious. The best thing you can do is stay informed and learn as much about the technology as you can, as well as good computer security practices. A healthy sense of skepticism and paranoia go far in warding off the scammers and hackers.
@_date: 2015-10-26 08:53:35
Not when the average Joe is using bitcoin, then no, it's not time to get out. It is time to get out, however, when the average Joe is trying to get rich quick by dumping their life savings into bitcoin, with the price is skyrocketing for weeks. If Joe Jopherson at work who never talked about Bitcoin before is now bragging about how he put his kid's college fund into Bitcoin and made $5000 overnight, then yeah, this is a tragically major bubble. And there's nothing you can do to stop the mass hysteria. The herd of humanity are gonna do what they're gonna do.
I wouldn't sell my entire stake in Bitcoin during this, though, because you'll become just as emotional as the masses. Nothing like selling it all at $1000 only to see it get to $5000 over the next month. Best thing you can do is to stop buying and only sell little bits here and there to calm your itchy trigger finger. Have a game plan ahead of time and absolutely stick with it. I have a set number of coins I plan to hold onto until I reach retirement age. That makes it clear to me which coins I can never touch no matter what happens. Yes it takes discipline, but those who can keep self-disciplined are those who often find the most success.
@_date: 2015-10-13 11:15:32
That was a lot of words that essentially said nothing. Of course hindsight is always 20/20. That doesn't mean we should be paralyzed in making any decisions. BIP 101 is the best current solution we have to scaling Bitcoin to larger block sizes. And the need for larger blocks is not far off. The course that should be taken is plainly obvious.
@_date: 2015-10-13 11:22:25
So then miners should adopt BIP 101 if they feel that way. It's a free market. You can't just artificially try to ban sidechains. Market forces will work out what's the best solution. Miners will continue to make money whether sidechains exist or not.
@_date: 2015-10-25 13:08:24
Bitcoin gets its value from the integrity and popularity of its blockchain. If the blockchain has no integrity then bitcoin is worthless. Or if the technology never becomes popular then it stays relatively worthless.
The mathematical proof of work process whereby there is an incentivized race to preserve the integrity of the blockchain is how we know (and can verify ourselves) that the blockchain has not been altered. The implications for human society of an immutable permanent record that exists electronically for anyone to access or even write to (given the proper fee) are so immense and incredibly revolutionary it's a damn shame so many people on this planet don't even realize it.  There is no doubt in my mind that Bitcoin is the most revolutionary thing to happen to human civilization since the internet.
I hear this said all the time, but it's true; Bitcoin really is like the internet in the 1980s. So few people back then knew how to use it, let alone even know what the internet *was* exactly and why people would want to use it. And then of the people who did know what the internet was, most of them thought "oh that's neat, computers can talk to each other" and left it at that. Very few people realized the future potential of the internet. The internet we have today was almost unimaginable to people 30 years ago. Who knows what the internet will look like in another 30 years. Hell, we'll probably have an artificially intelligent hive mind that lives on it.
I think Satoshi nailed it when he said Bitcoin will someday be worth a lot or not much at all. Either nearly all of society will use it and value it, or they'll be using something 10x better that came along. But again, just like the internet and the protocols it is based on, the network effect is powerful, and so the thing that is "good enough" often times wins over newer protocols that are only incrementally better.
@_date: 2015-10-13 11:02:16
That's pretty short sighted. Overall this should make Bitcoin and its blockchain more valuable. That can only be good for miners. Plus fees at this point in time are pretty irrelevant to miners.
@_date: 2015-10-26 08:37:14
So in other words, the Federal Reserve have the power because the majority of the citizens have let them and simply don't care. Well they should care. Hopefully if anything good can come from the situation in Colorado, it's that people wake the fuck up and realize they are slaves to a corrupt system of money and want to see a change.
@_date: 2015-10-10 02:31:25
Don't dream it's over.
@_date: 2015-10-11 12:59:04
All things being equal, the only difference is your payout (in bitcoins) is cut in half.
The mining business if pretty cut-throat. I expect the halving to cause a lot of mining operations to become unprofitable. The miners who survive the halving are the ones with the cheapest electricity and the most efficient and cost effective hardware.
@_date: 2015-10-13 11:09:21
So why not have their own fork?
@_date: 2015-10-27 22:06:13
Not just markets, but natural laws. Growth in nature is rarely ever slow and steady. It goes exponential until it can't.
@_date: 2015-10-29 13:06:28
Patterns are nice and everything, but one should not assume there is a correlation in the pattern, i.e. past performance does not guarantee future returns.
You'll have an easier time predicting Bitcoin's next bubble by reading tea leaves.
@_date: 2015-10-24 02:54:33
Oh it's even more misleading than that. "Help us make our 12th millionaire" directly implies that 11 other people were made millionaires.