@_author: bit_lol
@_date: 2018-01-07 12:06:58
No it was not copypasted AT ALL, I swear.
I wrote that myself, and I called SHA a checksum because that is what I thought was easy to understand for the layperson (most people on "anime subtitle groups" I know understand using CRC32 to verify file integrity).
But that IS basically what a hashcode is, a way to map data on a hashtable to a unique identifier.
Of course, calling it a checksum is oversimplifying it (for example, the last digit of a credit card number works as a checksum, and it's not a hashcode).
That's just a way for me to explain to a layperson that you can't go:  
    hash-&gt;original data  
because the original data can be of any size and the hash IS just a "checksum-like value" derived from it.
@_date: 2018-01-31 08:23:50
Since you're a former auditor, can you read my post about this here:
Specifically this part:


Am I correct?
@_date: 2018-01-06 12:14:50


LOL no. This assumes a zero-cost basis.
Your cost basis is the price of bitcoin at the time of payment.
e.g. you were paid $1M, when bitcoin price is $17000. You pay real-estate sales tax in FIAT (around $150,000).
If you sell $150,000 worth of bitcoins when bitcoin price is still $17000, you have made 0 capital gains, so you don't need to pay additional taxes on that.
BUT if you sell when bitcoin price is $34,000 (price has doubled), you would sell $75,000 worth of bitcoins at the old price, to get $150,000 at the current price. So you would pay capital gains taxes on the extra $75,000 "profit" you made due to the bitcoin price doubling.
@_date: 2018-01-15 06:17:54
If you're the miner, you don't have to pay the fees.
Just mine your own transactions to yourself, which you did not broadcast (and so are not in the mempool of other miners), so that you do not risk losing the fee.
So while not anyone can do this attack easily, miners CAN do so, and they can do it for free.
@_date: 2018-01-21 06:25:08
I get the feeling you didn't read my whole post, but w/e.
@_date: 2018-01-03 22:22:35




This isn't exactly "research", just a botnet you can join in by running their program. And it's not even safe, unless [you want to risk remote code execution exploits](
@_date: 2018-01-07 06:13:13


LOL no.
Quantum computers are only a threat to ECDSA, because using [a modified Shor's algorithm implemented in a hypothetical quantum computer]( you can compute a private-key from an exposed public-key.
SHA-256 is a ONE-WAY hash. You can hash **ANY data set**.
- You can get the SHA-256 hash of a single-character string, or
- you can get the SHA-256 hash of a 4GB DVD ISO.
This is built-in to Linux OSes and OSX (via openssl or shasum).
It's basically just a "checksum", and it is NOT reversible.
A SHA256 hash is only 32 characters long.
If you CAN reverse that, I can just give you the 32 character hash of a 4 GB DVD ISO in a single chat message, and you can REVERSE-ENGINEER the ENTIRE 4GB ISO from those 32 characters.
Of course, this isn't possible.
FYI, almost ALL current security systems (e.g. the HTTPS used on your online banking) is protected by SHA-256. If SHA-256 is breakable, this is MUCH BIGGER than just the cryptoworld, you can literally control the ENTIRE ONLINE WORLD.
Now, if you were talking about generating SHA-256 **collisions**, quantum computers are not a threat to this. And you can't use just any collision anyway (if you are referring to bitcoin).
If you wish to compromise mining, you need to find a specific data set that has a valid block format, valid transactions from the mempool, AND has a hash lower than the value set by the current difficulty. If you are working with all that data, you might as well mine.
If you are referring to seizing coins in bitcoin addresses, the public key is NOT exposed by default, UNLESS you sign a message using that bitcoin address, or spend from that address. If you follow the basic recommendation of NEVER reusing addresses (which many wallets like Electrum do), your public key is NEVER exposed.
With the bitcoin address, you only get a "shortened checksummed version" of the public key (shortened via hash functions SHA256 and RIPEMD-160). Which is still unknown until a spend/sign is performed by that address.
If you don't reuse an address, your wallet is basically "quantum-proof".
@_date: 2018-01-31 06:55:37
Lots of "blockchain projects" right now don't really need to be decentralized.
Just like people never moved over from the normal internet to the "privacy-oriented" Tor, a lot of these projects will eventually disappear when the crypto bubble pops.
And if these projects are better decentralized, a lot of these can use blockchain WITHOUT a token.
Blockchain is just a decentralized database. It can be used as a ledger, to keep track of how many "tokens/coins" one has, or it can be used to keep track of other data, even without the token.
But if there is a way to incentivize the users to run nodes without having to compete over "block rewards" (i.e. if being part of the network is incentive enough), having a token/coin is not needed. The coins are just a speculative investment vehicle in that case. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 04:13:31
Sure buddy, that's great advice! You're smart!
@_date: 2018-01-26 06:48:54
He was talking about "fractional banking" though.
That they will basically "sell bitcoins that they don't have", since all they have to give you is the paper that says "we owe you x bitcoins".
@_date: 2018-01-26 00:36:42
I think this has the advantage of when you wire your money in, there's no risk of your bank stopping your transaction due to being "bitcoin-related" and in rare cases threatening account closure.
Of course, hopefully you'll be able to withdraw the crypto you buy and they're not just "certificates of crypto" where you are unable to withdraw the actual coins, like some others here have mentioned.
@_date: 2018-01-26 01:03:30
As I said, if bitcoin's price goes parabolic on other exchanges, people will expect the same price rise on the "bitcoin certificates".
Say bitcoin's price goes x10.
Suddenly everyone holding certificates expects their money in USD has gone x10. How will they manage to pay out everyone's USD x10? By printing more bitcoin certificates? Doesn't seem like a sustainable business model at all.
@_date: 2018-01-26 00:40:10
Them running on fractional reserve seems like a HUGE risk if bitcoin's price on other exchanges ever goes parabolic again (since people will expect the same price rise on the "bitcoin certificates", which they will have to pay out of pocket if they are selling bitcoin they don't have).
I personally welcome the prospect of being able to wire funds from/to your bank to here, and never having your bank block the transactions due to being "bitcoin-related" and even getting threats of account closure.
@_date: 2018-01-07 10:39:57
A blockchain is nothing but a decentralized database.
Anyone who wants to use a blockchain but wants control is better off just using a database, since that's all it is.
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:43:28
That proves nothing really, I don't even know if that's true or just something you made up.
Suuuuure you have an advanced degree in Physics, when you can't even comprehend a single reddit post, and mistakenly thought my "lie" was the "truth".
Not convincing anyone sorry.
All you've reliably proven in this thread is that your reading comprehension is shit.
@_date: 2018-01-02 06:26:16
You CAN'T scale globally on-chain.
Imagine EVERYTHING as a transaction, not just coffees, but even parents giving their children their daily allowance, or a group of people eating out, chipping together to pay a pizza bill, EACH one would be a separate transaction. Imagine "paying social media posts" ala reddit gold, imagine ad revenue being paid out for each view.
This will be BILLIONS of transactions per day.
It HAS to be on a 2nd layer. You CAN'T store all of this PERMANENTLY on a blockchain. You can't fit all of this in a single block, and a 10 minute global block waiting time is too cumbersome.
It's basically been proven that blockchain CANNOT scale globally **on its own**.
As for payment channels, imagine if you have a channel open to StarBucks, now you can pay anyone who has a channel open to StarBucks. And if they are connected to McDonalds or Walmart, now you can pay McDonalds, Walmart, and anyone connected to those two via the same channel. etc.
So why bother closing the channel if it's so useful? People talk about keeping channels open for long periods of time, even over a year or more.
You can even reuse your channel repeatedly.
For example, even if you've already spent the bitcoins you used to open that channel (say via BitPay or Purse.io), why close it when you can receive your new bitcoins via the same channel (e.g. you buy some new ones on Coinbase, or you accept payments via bitcoin on your online store), as long as they are somehow connected to your channel (and by the idea of [six degrees of separation]( you should), and then also use the same channel to spend them, or send them to an exchange or whatever.
And imagine having all of this instant and almost feeless.
This IS the future.
The goal is to become a world currency, blockchain alone cannot achieve this.


No, the reason is for consensus. In order to maintain the integrity of the ledger (by preventing double spends, and making sure people are not making coins out of thin air).
Transparency was never the goal, it is only used to verify the integrity of the ledger.
Lightning does this by being backed by the bitcoin blockchain. It is cryptographically secure such that you can ALWAYS close the channel if you have doubts.


It SHOULD be cryptographically secure, as the Lightning whitepaper has been published for several years now, and has been under scrutiny by many cryptography experts.
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:29:53
I just want an reliable store-of-value that cannot be frozen, seized, or otherwise rendered useless.
Being an uncensorable method of payment is also great, but it's just a bonus for me.
As is being accessible from anywhere in the world, as well as the potential for growth in value. These are just a plus.
- Have you actually ever tried to wire/process/transfer more than $10,000? I did, my bank instantly threw an AML alert, threatened to freeze my account, and I had to go in to provide "source of income" documents and answer tons of questions.
- One time I tried to deposit $2500 cash, the teller called the bank manager, they asked what the money was for, asked for ID to verify who I was and if I owned the account, and had me sign a piece of paper stating the purpose of the deposit along with scanning my ID.
  It was terrible, I felt like I was being treated like a terrorist.
- Have you ever run a reselling business, like dropshipping? I was in such a business once, and it involved paying high amounts repeatedly over Paypal ($500-1000 payments, around 2-3 times a week). After a couple of weeks, Paypal froze that account and asked for documents as this "behavior" was akin to "laundering funds" according to them and threw some alerts.
Just having a store-of-value that cannot be "threatened" by freezing sounds WONDERFUL. If bitcoin was permanently pegged to the current price, I would actually not mind and the loss of volatility would have me instantly put all my savings in it right this instant, turning it into my bank.
The uncensorable payment part is also great, having to deal with Paypal has lost me quite a bit in potential income:
- Did you know if you have a moderate traffic merchant account, they freeze your account regularly? For one, it will routinely get frozen every 3 years until you provide IRS documents (or an IRS certificate of foreign status).
- I've also had receiving payments stopped a few times while they ask for proof of address and business/identity documents. They seem to do it like twice a year. Meanwhile, I lose a couple of days worth of business just from their slowness in responding.
- I've used other online payment processors, and it's annoying how I needed to send ID after exceeding $1000 sent. Then had to provide ID AGAIN after another $1000 (and they stopped accepting anything other than a passport for that threshold, which I do not have, marking the end of my business with them).
And all the shenanigans that can happen as well:
-  I once had over 20 transactions (made over several months) charged back at the same time by a "regular customer". Was totally in danger of losing my merchant account just from that.
- I've had a customer dispute a transaction, then say "oops I didn't realize this payment was for that" when I emailed them, then repeat the payment. Meanwhile, the previous chargeback gets a $20 chargeback FEE slapped on it, so I STILL lost money in the end.
Currently though, bitcoin is not a solution to these problems... it's not really a reliable store-of-value with the current volatility, we need a MUCH higher market cap to achieve stability (like gold's $8T), and barely anyone uses bitcoin to pay (I accept bitcoin on my online business and I get like 1 bitcoin payment for every 1000+ USD payments).
This is why I really want bitcoin to succeed.
@_date: 2018-01-01 13:15:16


I KNOW, right?? I tried paying INSANE gas prices to get into some ICOs, and still failed, while I see some transactions with lower gas prices get in. o_O
I remember Bittrex just disabled withdrawals and deposits on ETH and all ERC20 tokens during some of the notable ICOs (e.g. BAT)
@_date: 2018-01-23 15:01:53
Now that you've seen that, it's time to level it up:
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:25:18
Dumb kids? Lol I'm probably much older than you.
What the fuck is "government fiat"? We are talking about the term "fiat".
Look it up in a dictionary.
1: a command or act of will that creates something without or as if without further effort  
According to the Bible, the world was created by fiat.  
2 : an authoritative determination : [dictate] a fiat of conscience  
3 : an authoritative or arbitrary order : [decree] government by fiat  
an authoritative decree, sanction, or order:
a royal fiat.
Synonyms: authorization, directive, ruling, mandate, diktat, ukase.
a fixed form of words containing the word fiat, by which a person in authority gives sanction, or authorization.
an arbitrary decree or pronouncement, especially by a person or group of persons having absolute authority to enforce it:
The king ruled by fiat.
[Oxford Dictionaries](
1. A formal authorization or proposition; a decree.
‘the reforms left most prices fixed by government fiat’
More example sentences
1.1 An arbitrary order.
- An arbitrary or authoritative command or order to do something; an effectual decree. 
  - A royal fiat.
  - A presidential fiat.
- Authorization, permission or (official) sanction.
  - A government fiat.
  - To rule by fiat.
- (English law) A warrant of a judge for certain processes.
- (English law) An authority for certain proceedings given by the Lord Chancellor's signature.
It's hilarious when someone can't admit they're wrong and instead of admitting it or just shutting up, they will go full retard and defend their wrong position to the ends of the earth.
You're the one who mentioned "dictionaries" earlier in this thread, well there are your dictionary definitions. Whose the "dumb kid" now? LOL
@_date: 2018-01-15 06:25:36
The major costs don't come from hardware, not even the cost of buying storage, the major issue is **bandwidth**.
10 months ago (BEFORE the huge spike in network traffic), [a full node with 100~ connections already uses 40-50 GB per day on average](
Right now, people are having problems running full nodes from their home connections ([someone stated they have to pay an extra $40/mo just to upgrade their connection to handle running a 1mb node, and they're not in the middle of nowhere but in a metropolitan US city](
  I've gathered a list of links here that show people having bandwidth problems NOW even with just 1MB nodes:  
  
@_date: 2018-01-01 01:59:21
No I am not on the list of people who make those decisions.
Sorry if I did not mention it, but I looked it up in a dictionary.
Funniest thing is that you are the one who mentioned a "comprehensive dictionary" and when someone calls you out on it, you suddenly backpedal and say "an economist said it".
Also, funny that your argument is to attack me, that's ad hominem and it's a fallacious argument. All I did was look it up in a dictionary, I did not come up with this definition.
People like me with no credentials? How about people like you who drop statements like "comprehensive dictionary" and yet suddenly change your narrative when someone actually does that.


False assumption, try again.


And Google will link you to tons of economist articles saying bitcoin is a bubble/ponzi/pyramid.
Try again. Google is NOT an authority.
A dictionary is.
And attacking me just because you were proven wrong is REALLY immature, and shows your lack of reasoning ability.
It is people like you who attack people out of the blue, and keep changing their narrative, that make look bitcoiners look ignorant, and drives people away from bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-11 04:10:03
RemindMe! 10 days "crash prediction"
@_date: 2018-01-31 23:45:34
They have a new button on the Tether site: "Proof of funds"
It looks like it leads to a redacted version of the Friedman audit...?
@_date: 2018-01-04 13:51:35


They're not wrong. I was ECSTATIC when I was looking at my net worth at $19k/BTC, but that's all just paper gains.
I have more stories with alts, but those are even more volatile. I've seen my BTC value in alts go up x3 then crash below my buy in point.
Taking out your initial investment is always considered sound advice. Playing with "house money" is a good way to minimize your risk, and yet not get left behind if it does moon.
Personally though, I'm hodling BTC. I believe in the concept, hopeful that one day I'll be able to use it conveniently anywhere and never need to cash out (and hopefully Lightning can bring us there). And I don't really need to cash out right now anyway.
I also don't find a need to talk to anyone about bitcoin, because I sort-of want to believe the "time-traveler's story" here:
Don't want people to know I can afford to go into a Citadel until I'm actually in the safety of one. :p
Either way, I don't want people to know I own an asset that was like cheap a year ago, and is over $15,000 now.
@_date: 2018-01-07 11:53:58


Good job admitting that then.


No, I was curious because your attitude in insisting your answer was right when someone said it was wrong seemed very agressively trolly to me, so I had to go see if you were just a chronic troll.
But I guess I was wrong seeing how you eventually accepted that it was incorrect. (And I'm searching for the post that made me look up your posting history, and it seems you've since deleted that)
But you cannot expect me to not question your integrity if you instantly dismiss me as someone who just uses "copypasta", or someone who is "just read a couple of mainstream magazines", despite all the coherent information I've put in to my posts.
@_date: 2018-01-07 10:17:24
[No. Try again.](






@_date: 2018-01-19 08:39:34


It's VERY annoying to deal with an intermediary.
I've lost quite a bit of money from Paypal's shenanigans.
- Did you know if you have a moderate traffic merchant account, they freeze your account regularly? For one, it will routinely get frozen every 3 years until you provide IRS documents (or an IRS certificate of foreign status).
- I've also had receiving payments stopped a few times while they ask for proof of address and business/identity documents. They seem to do it at least twice a year. Meanwhile, I lose a couple of days worth of business just from their slowness in responding.
- I've used other online payment processors, and it's annoying how I needed to send ID after exceeding $1000 sent. Then had to provide ID AGAIN after another $1000 (and they stopped accepting anything other than a passport for that threshold, which I do not have, marking the end of my business with them).


You sound like you have never run an online business.
Have you ever run even a medium scale online business? I've gotten my fair share of chargebacks and they are the WORST.
- I once had over 20 transactions (made over several months) charged back at the same time by a "regular customer". Was totally in danger of losing my merchant account just from that.
- I've had a customer dispute a transaction, then say "oops I didn't realize this payment was for that" when I emailed them, then repeat the payment. Meanwhile, the previous chargeback gets a $20 chargeback FEE slapped on it, so I STILL lost money in the end.
An irreversible payment method like bitcoin sounds WONDERFUL to me (too bad not a lot of people actually use it on my store, like I get 1 btc payment for every 1000 usd payments).


Several times, at the worst times.
- Have you actually ever tried to wire/process/transfer more than $10,000? I did, my bank instantly threw an AML alert, threatened to freeze my account, and I had to go in to provide "source of income" documents and answer tons of questions.
- One time I tried to deposit $2500 cash, the teller called the bank manager, they asked what the money was for, asked for ID to verify who I was and if I owned the account, and had me sign a piece of paper stating the purpose of the deposit along with scanning my ID.
  It was terrible, I felt like I was being treated like a terrorist.
- Have you ever run a reselling business, like dropshipping? I was in such a business once, and it involved paying high amounts repeatedly over Paypal ($500-1000 payments, around 2-3 times a week). After a couple of weeks, Paypal froze that account and asked for documents as this "behavior" was akin to "laundering funds" according to them and threw some alerts.
All in all, your arguments sound like something from someone who has NEVER run an online business or accept a moderate amount of payments online. And from someone who has never dealt with a moderately large-sized amount of money with their bank or with Paypal.
It sounds like arguments from someone who entire experience is based on using their credit cards to buy stuff on eBay and Amazon, and possibly taking a payment once a month or two, when you sell something used on eBay.
Definitely not someone who has the experience to talk.
Having said that, bitcoin is NOT yet the solution to this.
Right now barely anyone uses it (I don't really remember the last time I got a bitcoin payment, was it a couple of months ago? And I get more than 20 customers everyday).
I like it more for its remittance properties. Being able to store and transmit LARGE sums of money without getting a bunch of probes up your ass, wanting to know where the money is from and who you are sending it to, like you are some drug lord funding some terrorists.
If only it had more stability and greater adoption, it would be amazingly great for that purpose.


OH DEFINITELY.
If it was permanently pegged to a certain value, that eliminates ALL of the volatility.
Meanwhile, if it remains uncensorable (meaning no one can freeze my accounts, or block my transactions), global (so that I can pay anyone in the middle of Africa while on my bed), and trustless and decentralized (meaning no central entity can seize or freeze funds).... that would be the ULTIMATE currency.
But if the peg is just like USDT (meaning it's backed only by Tether/Bitfinex and their guarantee), then no. I don't fully trust USDT.
Not because of the rumors of insolvency/fractional banking/printing tethers.
I just don't trust centralized entities anymore after encountering Paypal and their account freezing shenanigans, or banks and their "alerts".
@_date: 2018-01-20 16:08:18
For me,  rule is for private keys or seed words: **always have it in at least TWO locations.**
e.g. if it's just in a safe in your house, what happens when a house fire burns it? You're SOL.
If it's just on that body part, what if you're in an accident that could damage it enough to get the private key to a state beyond recognition? What if an infection or something else (e.g. from something as harmless as an ingrown hair to something like a sore) does something similar?
Always in two locations.
I personally prefer giving the advice to have it ENCRYPTED (preferably on an offline PC) via Truecrypt or anything else that has AES (e.g. 7-zip) as not even the FBI could crack that (with a decent password), stored on 2 USBs, one at your house, and one at another location (e.g. parent's house).
Unlike a normal paper wallet (or in your case, tattoo), since it's encrypted, it can't be stolen even if someone who known about bitcoin private keys/seed words finds the piece of paper (or finds the tattoo on you).
@_date: 2018-01-06 08:10:39
Oh, it's great to find out that Bitstamp also accepts CC payments.
Somehow I've never heard of it having that option, I guess Coinbase is doing a better job at marketing that.
Also, seems that when people have problems using their CC on Bitstamp, they immediately jump back to using Coinbase, as [a couple of users did here](
Also, it's great to find out Bitstamp also has a mobile app (they really need to work on their marketing, I keep reading about Coinbase' app everywhere but nothing about Bitstamp).
But it seems it has a lot of 1-3 star reviews calling their app really buggy, and using the site as a better option. :/
Maybe when their product matures, then they can start taking more of the market share from Coinbase.
And also, Coinpayments sounds like a great alternative. Now they just need to match the plugins of Bitpay for easy cart integrations, since Bitpay is shooting themselves in the foot right now with BIP70.
Also they need better marketing, I hear of Bitpay everywhere but barely hear anything about Coinpayments.
@_date: 2018-01-15 08:53:08
I'm just responding to the chain of comments, try reading the parent comment of the comment I'm replying to:


That was the original comment, then the comment I replied to stated that it's an "expensive attack" ($30k for just 32MB), so I responded to that. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:00:38
I thought you said "bye"?
@_date: 2018-01-07 10:49:26
Nice accusations. The post you took that quote from is NOT a copypasta, I wrote it all myself for an earlier post, try again. I wrote this from memory because I have experience in coding programs with both symmetric (AES) and asymmetric encryption (RSA), and I've used multiple hashing algos myself (MD5, CRC32, SHA-variations) for checksum purposes among other things.




I don't even see what I said wrong.
Do you even know what "basically just a checksum" means?
It means the result is just a short string of characters that can verify integrity of a much larger data set. Piracy groups commonly use CRC32 for video distributions, secure software distributions (e.g. Linux distros) use MD5 and SHA-1.
How is what I said wrong? Do you even understand the stuff we are discussing here? Because if you don't, stop pretending, it's embarrassing.
@_date: 2018-01-04 12:14:22
Yeah, the major selling point of hardware wallets is that you can use them on any computer, even ones filled to the brim with viruses and malware, with no worries.
Because all actions require a hardware button press, viruses cannot programatically send coins. And the target address is displayed on the device itself, so spoof attacks like changing the displayed address in your browser/clipboard cannot affect it. And since the transaction is signed on the device and the private keys never leave it, your private keys are never compromised.
It's something you can carry with you on vacation and use on any internet cafe computer without any worries, and be sure you ALWAYS have access to your coins when you need it. Along with a decoy-wallet-passphrase setup (to protect against being threatened physically), you should have absolutely no worries.
@_date: 2018-01-07 14:45:14
Yeah, I'm surprised you kept it for a month.
Check out this post [from 4 years ago](


Yeah... people are running programs that search for brainwallet phrases (not just words) looking for addresses with bitcoins in them.
It's not safe (yeah sorry, this advice might be too late now).
WarpWallet MIGHT be a safe option, but I'd rather just use a non-brainwallet.
@_date: 2018-01-07 12:04:28


That's funny.
Compared to someone who claims "large prime factorization" is required for SHA256, I don't think you can make claims yourself.
I'll admit that we don't roll our own crypto in my job, so yes, MessageDigest WAS the main library I used (along with lots of research on how to properly use it, such as salting hashes, or generating secure randoms, or using PKDBF2 for passwords, which I admit I was a noob at first and incorrectly used a simple SHA hash before I learned better).
But due to bitcoin, I've actually worked on LOTS of hobby projects that have had me learn more about cryptography (e.g. I've actually tried lots of hobby projects, like generating my own private and public key pair, then just following the algorithm on the bitcoinwiki page to hash that into a bitcoin address, I've even sent a raw bitcoin transaction from scratch, although I followed this [post]( in doing it, but I did it in Java without looking at his code, just the header/byte formats and the idea in the text, as a personal challenge).
Among other things.
While it seems you've let your knowledge rot (which is a shame, considering you actually studied it in uni, I did NOT, I just learned everything I know from various online sources).
@_date: 2018-01-22 11:20:38
I've seen that a lot of people run their full nodes over TOR to prevent broadcasting to the world that their IP address is running a bitcoin node.
I'd assume you can do the same with a LN node. If you get DDOS'ed, you can just switch to a new TOR identity.
Running the LN node over TOR, or using a backup connection (e.g. tethered to phone data), or using a 3rd party watchdog service all sound like viable solutions.
@_date: 2018-01-05 16:26:37
So is this a real story, or did you write it just for that punchline? :p
@_date: 2018-01-24 16:36:17
Let's say you buy more bitcoins from Coinbase.
And the retailer is connected to Coinbase via another channel.
Then Coinbase can send you your bitcoins via their channel with that retailer, and the retailer gets an equivalent of your bitcoins on the other side (on their channel with Coinbase) when they send it to you via your channel.
So basically, they can get those coins whenever you get more bitcoins (if you buy them from Coinbase, or just withdraw from an exchange, or get paid in bitcoins, etc.) by acting as the channel that sends you your coins.
@_date: 2018-01-21 09:53:34
It's easy to understand for people.
Personally, I rolled my own (using MessageDigest on Java). And I've also used openssl, but good luck explaining to people who never even touched the command line before on how to use it (or even just installing the required packages for them to be able to use it on their Windows box).
Whereas you tell them to download a single program that can do what they need for a few clicks, I don't see the issue (especially since it's all for an OFFLINE backup process anyway).
And I don't see how Truecrypt 7.1a is insecure, it uses AES and it's been audited by a third-party. There should be no issues especially since it's not going to be used on something that will be placed online to be open to attack.
All you basically need is something SIMPLE enough that any average joe can understand your explanation, and something not as obvious as having their seed words written on a piece of paper that can be stolen by a thief that knows about bitcoin.
Anything over that is just unnecessary.
And also using an encrypted filesystem offers plausible deniability (if you use a hidden partition). Especially if you were found by a physical attacker by doxxing you from something related to crypto. You can place a dummy wallet there, or even some porn. Not something plain old encryption can offer you.
Sure there are other solutions (e.g. extra passphrase for different wallets, or a hardware wallet that just supports that functionality), but seriously, this post was about some guy who wanted to tattoo his private keys to his dick. Are you really going to go all technical on this?
At least my solution was SIMPLE enough that even non-technical joes can understand and do it.
@_date: 2018-01-14 07:19:03
Just my opinion, but wouldn't terminating your account before reaching resolution with the missing deposit put you in a much worse situation of recovering your funds lost in limbo?
I can imagine if the funds were just lost in transition (I've read people in OTHER exchanges have missing deposits show up after weeks or months even)...but then if your account is already terminated by then, it might end up bouncing back and forth or something, and it could end up stuck in limbo AGAIN for months, as it might end up in a unique situation that their basic support staff could probably not easily figure out.
Anyway, I usually get responses from mailing big companies (exchanges, online stores, etc.) after a week or two, even my bank takes 2 weeks to respond to an email, so imo I'd give it a couple of weeks before dismissing them as unresponsive.
Their support staff are probably quick to respond to stuff that is in their "script" (as these are usually just "call center drones" responding to you) like terminating your account, while anything that is a unique situation and would require manual intervention from the actual company (e.g. lost bank wire) would probably just get forwarded to a higher up that can look at it (and those kind of guys usually take at least a month to respond to anything in my experience).
@_date: 2018-01-01 05:26:46
Yeah it's a bit of an exaggeration, but TONS of coins below the top 20 have free transactions (or your transaction will still get mined even if you include no fee).
@_date: 2018-01-06 19:56:48
I'd stabilize BTC to $1M :p
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:57:05
YOU must be the idiot-savant if you can't comprehend a single post, or can't even comprehend how you are omitting the second half of the definition of "fiat" which is "backed by government decree", and yet somehow managed to get an advanced degree in Physics.
THAT is what an idiot-savant is.
Why are you even bringing up random articles that you "supposedly understood" as "proof" that your reading comprehension is good?
That's like a kindergarten kid bringing up a test paper with a "Star" and an "A+" from their teacher to "brag". LOL
And seriously, that's not even worth bragging about as "reading comprehension skill" when the title says it all. LOL. You're so proud of your "reading comprehension skill" because you could figure out THE TITLE wtf...
This behavior though...shows that you really are... umm, special, and I'm truly sorry for treating you this way. I didn't realize I was dealing with someone who is... special.
Yes, you are great and correct. I am sorry for arguing, please go on and proceed with whatever you were doing. Damn, can't believe I was arguing with a...... an excellent and smart child! Yes you are!
@_date: 2018-01-01 04:10:26
Uhh, sure, good job, you found ONE reference, that somehow refutes all the other references I brought up.
And I was "too lazy" because I looked up other references except this one...
But yeah, I really don't want to argue after... I figured "something" out.
BUT you found a reference that supports your argument, good job! :)
Now you can cite it whenever someone refutes you again with the same argument. Excellent work! :)
@_date: 2018-01-17 20:27:36
Reading the article, the title seems FUD-ish.
It comes across as VISA blocking crypto-related transactions (e.g. buying via credit card on Coinbase, or maybe even related to the recent disabling of crypto-backed VISA debit cards).
But upon reading the article, it seems they are just saying "we won't **adopt** crypto", and even called it a "speculative asset" and not a "payment system".
Doesn't seem like a "ban" like the title implies.
@_date: 2018-01-07 03:11:13
If you send coins out FROM a private wallet, you pay fees in satoshis/byte. See the reference I typed out above on how many bytes each input adds to your transaction when you want to consolidate.
e.g. if I send you 0.5 BTC in one transaction, and you try to send it out from your private wallet, let's say it costs around $5 to send it out in fees (during moderate network traffic).
BUT if instead of doing that, I sent you 0.1 BTC 5 times (for a total of 0.5 BTC), it will cost you around $20-25 in fees to send those funds out of your wallet.
This has NOTHING to do with GDAX.
This is how bitcoin works. The more transaction outputs you have to CONSOLIDATE, the bigger a transaction gets. And you pay fees for each byte of the transaction.
@_date: 2018-01-01 04:20:27


So I tried it and I got a lot of opinion articles, blogposts, videos, and even reddit posts about this topic as well as cryptocurrency bubbles.
I'm sorry I didn't google search for this sooner! I didn't know!
Thanks for showing me! :)
Excellent job! :)
@_date: 2018-01-17 07:26:57
Just repeating most of the advice here, but also check out his other wallets, specifically:
- Bitcoin cash (BCash): this is different from Bitcoin. If he had his bitcoin from before August 1, 2017, he gets the same amount of BCash for FREE. The 0.133~ BCH is around $250-300 extra.
- Ethereum
- Litecoin
- NEO etc.
These are all different altcoins (not bitcoin) that are respectively expensive in their own rights (and if he was trading other coins, he might have some other coins as well).
But first check the BCash as that is FREE to anyone that had bitcoin from before Aug 1, 2017.
@_date: 2018-01-06 15:17:23
Why close the channel?
The greatest thing about Lightning is routing payments. i.e. if A has a channel to B, and B has a channel to C, A can pay C by having B pay C, then A pay B (and this is all trustlessly done by onion-like cryptography).
What does this mean?
e.g. If you have an open channel to Starbucks, you can now pay Starbucks and anyone connected to Starbucks. And if they have an open channel to McDonalds or Walmart, you can also now pay McDonalds or Walmart, or anyone connected to McDonalds or Walmart, **using the same channel**.
But for a more realistic application TODAY:
You buy 0.25 btc from Coinbase. Then you open a channel to them to withdraw your coin (so this channel is good for 0.25 btc). But this channel is somehow connected somewhere in the "lightning network" to Binance.
So you can send your 0.25 btc to Binance using the same channel.
Then you buy 0.25 btc again from Coinbase, and withdraw it using the same channel. Then you use this 0.25 btc for bill payments or BitPay or Purse.io, which are also somehow connected to your channel. And so on.
Basically, you keep using the same channel, some people even talk about keeping channels open for very long periods, a year or longer even.
@_date: 2018-01-23 02:52:12
Get the raw hex of the transaction by adding `?format=hex` to the **transaction** URL (NOT the address URL) on blockchain.info.
e.g. 
Then you can re-broadcast it via several tools:
- Coinb.in's broadcast: 
- Blockchain.info's pushtx: 
@_date: 2018-01-06 14:53:10
If you're sending it to a private wallet though, you're gonna get hit with the fees yourself.
Since each time you receive coins to your wallet, you increase the number of UTXOs that have to be consolidated.
A basic legacy transaction (1 input, 1 output, 1 change address) is 226 bytes. Each additional input adds around 180 bytes to the transaction. And each withdrawal you make from GDAX to your wallet adds another input you have to consolidate.
But if you're just sending to somewhere like Bittrex or Binance, you probably won't mind.
@_date: 2018-01-01 11:51:30
Wait, so the initial 1 BTC went through fine, then got confirmed?
Then the remaining BTC showed up as an unconfirmed transaction to your address?
And now it's just... gone?
@_date: 2018-01-20 10:21:50
I've also had a similar thought.
Tether has trouble getting a proper audit, and has history of having banking problems, and supposedly deals only with private entities and only in extremely large amounts.
Everyone thinks "insolvency", "fractional banking", "printing tethers out of thin air"...
... but to me it seems they are dancing around the rules, banking bans, etc. by using various tricks and loopholes (e.g. there were once posts saying they were doing deposits/withdrawals through their lawyers back in March when they lost all their non-Taiwan banking because of Wells Fargo, some were talking about Taiwan arbitrage... among other things).
I'd dare say it's borderline money laundering, what they're doing, but at least it seems they're not really insolvent, or else the recent crypto run (when btc crashed from $19k to below $10k) would've probably exposed them if they were running on fractional reserves... maybe.
Who knows, this is all speculation until we get an actual audit
(which, like the video said, would probably be impossible if they're doing lots of things to stay off the banks' "radar").
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:04:58
From what I understand, a channel cannot exceed the total coins dedicated to the channel when you opened it, BUT you can move payments along any channel connected to that, as long as the "net coin movement" does not exceed the initial total.
e.g. If you have an open channel to Starbucks, you can now pay Starbucks and anyone connected to Starbucks. And if they have an open channel to McDonalds or Walmart, you can also now pay McDonalds or Walmart, or anyone connected to McDonalds or Walmart, using the same channel.
But for a more realistic application TODAY:
You buy 0.25 btc from Coinbase. Then you open a channel to them to withdraw your coin (so this channel is good for 0.25 btc). But this channel is somehow connected somewhere in the "lightning network" to Binance.
So you can send your 0.25 btc to Binance using the same channel.
Then you buy 0.25 btc again from Coinbase, and withdraw it using the same channel. Then you use this 0.25 btc for bill payments or BitPay or Purse.io, which are also somehow connected to your channel. And so on.
Basically, you keep using the same channel, some people even talk about keeping channels open for very long periods, a year or longer even.
@_date: 2018-01-07 11:43:40


Read through my posting history and you will see I am not a cryptography newbie or whatever you think of me. I am a software developer that has ACTUAL experience in crypto programming.
You can CLAIM you have a masters in CS, but reading through your posting history shows nothing of the sort, only that you are a "chronic troll", nothing even related to even basic programming.
You claim what I said is wrong but let's read your post again:


This is HILARIOUS, because "large prime numbers" are only used in asymmetric encryption (RSA and more relevantly in bitcoin, ECDSA).
Not even symmetric ciphers like AES use "large prime numbers" in their algorithm (which usually only takes one key).
And this is NOT relevant AT ALL for ONE-WAY hashes (like SHA-256 and RIPEMD-160).
That you referred to "factorizing large prime numbers" for "breaking SHA-256" is shamefully WRONG and ignorant for someone who claims to have "studied crypto in uni".
Also, just because you studied it doesn't mean you actually have a working understanding in it.
I have plenty of classmates who studied automata and state machines back in uni, and if you ask them about it right now, they probably won't even remember anything about it because they don't ACTIVELY USE that knowledge.
I actively use that because I've worked on compilers as hobby projects. The same way I know a lot of encryption ciphers and hashing algorithms, because I use them regularly in my projects.
Whereas you seemingly just "studied it in uni" (and don't claim you actually actively use it, as you were obviously "bragging" in your post and despite that, all you claimed is that "you studied it in uni").
And given how grossly misinformed your first post was (connecting "factoring large primes" with SHA-256), it seems none of what you studied stuck with you (if that claim is even true... it seems you just googled all your replies as they are all short and incorrect).
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:47:27


ICOs! :D
Just copy-paste some code, and you can instantly have an ICO where it automagically handles the token distribution for you, they just send you ETH and they get the tokens, you don't even have to do anything else except design a snazzy website with some moving [networked glowing dots]( in the background
@_date: 2018-01-01 00:34:37
1. If bitcoin marketcap reaches a similar level to gold's marketcap ($8T), volatility will be GREATLY reduced. This is because this amount is so huge that not even huge whales with giant bank rolls (not even institutional money) can make huge waves in the market price, even with huge buys or dumps. Gold itself is speculative, and the price is highly dependent on market trading, but 1-2% moves are already considered VERY LARGE.
  i.e. with a huge enough pool, even whales become tiny fishes in comparison, making the waves they make much smaller relatively
2. The goal was to become a world currency. If adoption reached a level such that even cab drivers and elderly people in homes have some bitcoin (i.e. basically EVERYONE has some), **many real-world stores will start pricing their goods in bitcoin**.
  This WAS the goal (and still is), because once this happens, **the trading market STOPS being the deciding factor for bitcoin's price**. Instead, the real-life market of goods will start competing in bitcoin pricing, leading to **bitcoin price discovery in the real world (outside of exchange markets)**. This will eventually obsolete exchanges as bitcoin would be usable in the real world, and people can instead sell goods to obtain bitcoin (the same way they obtain fiat), greatly thinning the supply of bitcoin in exchanges, such that:
  - it becomes impractical to buy it on exchanges (since it would instantly spike the price due to thin supply)
  - and selling on an exchange is less lucrative as well (because at that point, you can actually use bitcoin in most merchants in the real world, thus reducing the necessity to trade for "usable fiat")
  Unfortunately, we encountered a roadblock to such adoption levels: blockchain has shown it cannot scale to such a global level (and not even bigger blocks can achieve such a level of adoption). This is only achievable if transactions are instant (or near-instant) and free (or have negligible fees).
  Right now, all we can do is wait for Lightning, and then when it does arrive, then we wait and see if such a scenario is achievable with that scaling solution.
@_date: 2018-01-01 07:40:24
Altcoins have basically 2 reasons to rise in price:
- used as a faster transfer coin (between exchanges)
- speculation (due to promised features, etc)
So coins which "offer a product" (e.g. cloud storage, internet of things, smart contracts, untraceable, etc.) would probably not get killed, as people would continue to speculate on them.
But coins which people are supporting only because they do bitcoin's purpose better than bitcoin (e.g. faster/instant transactions, cheap/no fees) would end up having no purpose then, and would most probably crash.
@_date: 2018-01-29 23:18:51


That's not exactly a bad thing. I used to do an online dropshipping business, I used domain privacy on my site because I did not want anyone contacting me directly (or knowing who I am or where I live).
If they have an issue with an order, I want them to send it through the ticket system on my site, not call my personal phone or show up on my doorstep.
That said, the warning sign for me was:


Yeah... scam sites pretend to have a highly active userbase by having some sort of chat box where nothing but "positive reviews" show up, and a new one appears every 5-15 seconds (seriously, would you expect a site selling mining equipment to be so active?)
Then sending BTC (an irrevocable payment method) to a site you just found on google... I'd only send crypto to a site I know is secure (high reviews on 3rd party sites like bitcointalk and reddit), and is secure (SSL, "green padlock"/EV).
It only takes a few seconds to click the padlock on the URL bar and check who the cert is registered to (and make sure it's not something free like LetsEncrypt, many phishing sites use that to appear like a secure site)
@_date: 2018-01-06 12:42:47


I personally think that's intentional.
Circuit breakers are implemented even in traditional markets when liquidity is low, to prevent massive price swings.
And even bitcoin's order book is thin beyond certain price points, which is why when it was pumping recently, it jumped from $18000 to $19000 within seconds.
Circuit breakers allow market makers to reestablish liquidity in the market, although I wish they'd be honest about it, as they seem to also use it sometimes for market manipulation.
@_date: 2018-01-06 15:07:59
Depends on the liquidity of the market.
For example, you sell 500 btc to drive the price down by $1000. And you sell it by dumping (not by sell wall). You won't be selling all of that at spot price, you'd get matched down the order book and have quite a lower average sell price.
Now you want to rebuy at prices below your average sell price (which is somewhere between the original price, and the current price which is now $1000 lower).
But then, what if there aren't enough sellers below your target price to fill your 500 btc buy target?
Then you'll end up having to buy ABOVE your sell price if you want your 500 btc back.
This is basically a gamble that your dump will continue to panic the price downwards so you can buy lower. If it just bounces back up and stays there or goes higher, you're gonna have to spend MORE than what you earned dumping just to get your 500 btc back.
If people get scared though and drive the price down, THEN you can continue rebuying your 500 btc at a lower price.
The more people HODL, the less effective this market manipulation is.
BUT at new all-time highs in the price, this means new money (dumb money) just bought in, and you can easily scare these weak hands with such strategies.
So when we reach new highs, expect that whales will repeatedly do these shakeouts to scare weak hands into giving up their coins at lower prices. Once all weak hands are gone, this market manipulation stops being as effective, as most of the remaining coins are with hodlers who are not affected by price dips, and new buyers (which ideally should not run out until global adoption) will eventually outweigh the sellers, pushing the price up.
@_date: 2018-01-31 00:39:18
Thinking about it from Tether's position: back in March, Wells Fargo froze all their wires to/from the US, and they even threatened to sue Wells Fargo then, to no avail.
So right now, most banks probably don't want to work with them (any bank who does may also probably get their wires to Wells Fargo frozen, effectively breaking most transactions to/from the US for that bank).
So what I think Finex/Tether is doing now is using loopholes (proxy businesses, high net worth individuals, offshore banking, etc.) just to stay banked, as banks don't wanna work with them anymore.


What I think happened here is that their bank accounts were separated into "dummy corp. 1", "dummy corp. 2", "high net worth individual 1", "high net worth individual 2", etc.
And Friedman wanted them to prove Tether's ownership of each and every one of those accounts (otherwise, they might just be claiming to be holding Finex funds, but those funds were actually just the funds of an actual other business).
I imagine this would be really hard to indisputably prove 100%.
After all, they got subpoena'd [almost 2 months ago]( no action was taken to shut them down, and they even still continued printing tethers.
They must've provided some form of satisfactory response to that.
@_date: 2018-01-21 02:54:15
Tether will ALWAYS be fishy.
Tether has trouble getting a proper audit, and has history of having banking problems, and supposedly deals only with private entities and only in extremely large amounts.
Everyone thinks "insolvency", "fractional banking", "printing tethers out of thin air"...
....but I think there's another explanation. With their history of using various tricks and loopholes to stay banked (e.g. there were once posts saying they were doing deposits/withdrawals through their lawyers back in March when they lost all their non-Taiwan banking because of Wells Fargo), it seems obvious they have no solid banking right now.
THIS, IMO, is why they'll always be fishy, and why they'll never be properly audited (which some people say is supposedly easy and way overdue).
They are obviously using tons of tricks and loopholes to have tons of bank accounts in different places (probably using any method they can... proxy businesses, high net worth individuals, offshore banking, etc.), because no one wants to deal with them directly anymore.
This PERFECTLY explains why people can't cash out tether directly (and only whales supposedly can, with millions and millions of dollars worth), and they only supposedly directly deal with extremely large clients now.
They're probably funnelling all the large transactions with whale clients via other accounts, just to stay off the "banks' radar".
There's no way you'd be able to pull off a proper audit of something spread out across different accounts, named after different people and companies, with transactions disguised as something else.
They already have enough trouble staying banked, I'd argue what I described above is borderline money laundering. All the "printing tethers" rumors floating around probably isn't making their life any easier.
I mean, in the end, this is all speculation, as we can never know what is actually happening, whether they are running a fractional reserve or just having trouble with banks, until we get a proper audit (and they probably won't, if they're using tricks and loopholes as I stated... not only does it sound unauditable, **a FULL audit with the results made PUBLIC sounds like a HUGE security risk in that ALL their accounts can get risked getting shut down**)
The best we can hope for is have a third-party auditor say "they're good!" without releasing more info (which apparently, already happened).
I just don't see why they would risk running on a fractional reserve though (since that's very risky business), and if they were, wouldn't the almost 50% bitcoin price crash have caused a run and exposed them, the same way it exposed bitconnect?
I'll just give them the benefit of the doubt for now, because there's nothing I can really do about it, other than cause FUD.
And if they ARE printing tethers for USD they don't have, then we are already doomed anyway, as the price is only propped up. I don't really know what anyone can do about that other than cash out (which I won't be doing).
@_date: 2018-01-21 23:18:14


I understand patiently waiting for a response, but 2 months of no response is a bit excessive.
I think following up after a couple of weeks isn't unreasonable.
After all, "The squeaky wheel gets the grease".
2 months of no response sounds like they totally forgot about your ticket.
@_date: 2018-01-23 03:16:20


Some of the inputs of your transactions are outputs from similarly unconfirmed transactions, so you might need to rebroadcast those as well (and any more parent transactions up the chain which might still be unconfirmed).


I guess they don't want to rebroadcast something that's still in their mempool.
Although what matters is that it's in the mempool of miners (and it seems a lot of nodes don't have your transactions in their mempool anymore).
@_date: 2018-01-07 12:45:27


I do dabble a lot (e.g. I like looking at source codes of various altcoins) so I do take pride in having some knowledge about it.
Given that, yes I still see a lot of things as black boxes. But even back in World War 2, they did not have reliable encryption, and intercepted messages could be cracked by "experts" at the time. So you can't expect anyone to be "truly an expert". Most of us really just know what we read or what we are thought.
And I've read multiple sources that claim one-way hashing and symmetric encryption is secure from quantum computing, only asymmetric encryption is threatened, so pardon me if I trust these sources more than your distant knowledge of your crypto course in uni.
I DO have some knowledge on how this works under the hood (I've read a bit about the SHA-256 algo, in an effort to understand the video "mining bitcoins with pen and paper" where he hashes a block manually), albeit never having tried it myself.
But then again, we are still finding backdoors like Meltdown and Spectre (which seem to have been in most x86 chips, not just Intel) since forever, so maybe these things have backdoors as well...
Like the **SHA-256 constants are provided by the NSA**, so who knows what that entails... **they might not even need a quantum computer**. These used to be conspiracy theories, until Meltdown/Spectre were exposed.
@_date: 2018-01-04 13:29:09
The Trezor and the Ledger Nano S both have their own pros and cons.
I like how the Trezor is completely open-source (software AND hardware), so that people have even built their own Trezors from scratch[\[1\]]( [\[2\]]( compiled the firmware themselves and ran it on their own creations. Plus the button layout is more convenient (you can use it with one hand, while I feel like you need to use both hands on the Ledger Nano S).
But the Ledger Nano S carries more altcoins, and is less recognizable (looks like a normal USB stick). And it supposedly has a secure element protecting your private keys. But it has closed-source hardware, if you're paranoid about that.
@_date: 2018-01-02 10:03:29
All the FUD and tx spam stopped when BTC dropped from $19k to $11k.
For someone who supposedly once had 300k btc, and his friend Jihan who probably also has a big stack as they are mining it, seeing their portfolios get cut in almost half and go down by hundreds of millions of dollars (possibly even over a billion) from the ATH to the bottom of the dip, they must not have enjoyed that.
Well, what did they expect with all the shenanigans.
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:58:01
I thought you said "bye"?
@_date: 2018-01-06 03:54:31
It's really simple actually:
- Coinbase
  - is there any other fiat-&gt;crypto exchange that accepts credit cards?
  - any other exchange with an easy to use mobile app?
- Bitpay
  - any other "alternative" that actually has your customers pay in BTC/crypto, and you instantly get the fiat equivalent in your account?
    People cite "alternatives" like BTCPay, but this is really the only feature most merchants want, that these "alternatives" don't have.
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:56:00
Proven 100% WRONG, have no argument left, so all you say is "bye".
Fucking dumbass, there are too many ignorant people like you who think they're smart and think everyone else is stupid. Never occurred to you that you are the dumb one.
The Dunning–Kruger effect is strong with this one.
Me, I don't think I'm smart, but I know I can look up references and admit when I am wrong (which you have not even proven a tiny bit, you didn't even cite one reference, I cited ALL your references for you, which proved YOU wrong LOL).
All you did was cite anecdotes of how "you looked it up in the past so it must be correct". WOW. Such smartness. Go back to Dogecoin you retarded piece of shit.
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:34:18
LOL @ reading through my posting history then refusing to read a simple response that only looks long because of line breaks.
No wonder you omitted the part about "being backed by the government" in your definition of "fiat".
You really just skim over everything you read and truly understand nothing.
@_date: 2018-01-02 03:37:20
I think an easier way to explain your point to is to say that:


Although it seems at this rate, 30 sat/B transactions MIGHT end up getting processed as well.
And also, it seems spammers have laid low since the decline from $19k-&gt;$16k-&gt;$12k
I guess they don't enjoy pushing their narrative when they see their net worth go down by almost half (price at the bottom of the dip compared to the ATH). If the theory that certain parties (which probably hold thousands of BTC) were the ones spamming the network, I can't imagine what it feels like to them to lose hundreds of millions of $ of paper gains (possibly even over a billion), must be demoralizing.
@_date: 2018-01-27 01:20:31
As a trader, the last time everything was completely "doom and gloom" like this was back in July, when EVERYTHING was crashing, and bitcoin also crashed almost half in price.
It went from $3000, and everyone was calling the floor at $1600. What ended up happening was that $1675 was the floor (due to everyone trying to put their buys on top of each other).
After that, it just went sideways, with a slight upward curve, with the occasional dump, BUT it never went near or below $1675 anymore.
Well, everyone was calling $8000 the bottom of the dump from $18000. And around last week (Jan 17ish), we crashed HARD to $9kish.
I think the same thing happened again (everyone trying to buy over everyone else pushed the floor higher than what was predicted).
And like in the $1600 scenario last July, it's moving sideways because people are still waiting for "that floor" not realizing it has already happened (or it's accumulation again after the huge whale dumped, followed by the panic).
We haven't gone close to the Jan.17 low anymore, slowly going back up actually.
Well, this is my theory, so if it hits the earlier predicted $8k floor, then it breaks this theory, so that would make me:


@_date: 2018-01-01 01:08:28
A LOT of economists also call bitcoin a bubble or a pyramid/ponzi scheme.
Just because an economist said it doesn't make it correct.
Fiat literally means authoritative decree. There is no "more general definition", that just means it was used incorrectly. The term "fiat" is used on currency not backed by gold, but instead backed by government decree.
Bitcoin is not backed by any government, hence it's not fiat BY DEFINITION.
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:30:36
It will issue a new transaction, and this transaction will use the previous transaction's outputs as its inputs (assuming it controls the keys to the addresses of the previous transaction's outputs).
@_date: 2018-01-01 01:24:05
ETH is not immune to the scaling problems, I've experienced TERRIBLE network clogging on ETH during the cryptokitties craze and during some in-demand ICOs.
I HATE how clogging works on the ETH chain. Transactions disappear, you can't even tell if it worked or not, sometimes it SUDDENLY pops back up, sometimes the transaction disappears into nothingness, and then you sometimes try sending it again and it keeps disappearing, then SOME of the transactions suddenly reappears after an hour or two and after you've resent coins a few times... and some never ever appear again.
It's very undeterministic. 
At least on bitcoin, I can easily tell if my transaction is stuck. It's there, it doesn't pop in or out, and I can just do things like CPFP or RBF to push it through if I'm willing to pay the fee.
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:15:19
Good job finding ONE definition that omits the second half, which is that it is instead backed by government decree.
But when you lookup fiat in MOST dictionaries, it is ALMOST ALWAYS included. And even if you Google "is bitcoin fiat", MANY ARTICLES will bring up that it isn't because there is NO government backing.
I am NOT alone in this definition.
Your derogatories "fool" and "discussion board warrior" just show that YOU are the discussion board warrior, instantly angry over being corrected.
You are just a dumbass who can't ever accept that they are wrong and throw tantrums when they get proven wrong.
"Wah wah I'm so smart I'm NEVER wrong" ignorant fuck. Learn to accept when you are wrong and then maybe you'll stop looking so stupid.
@_date: 2018-01-08 11:26:58
That [168 sat/B tx]( was sent on Jan 4 and was mined on Jan 7.
If you look at the 1 week data here:
- On Jan 4, transactions with a 140+ sat/B fee were starting to build up,
- and later in the day, even 200+ sat/B started building up,
- and the next day (Jan. 5) even 300+ sat/B txs started building up.
So if you wanted your tx to get mined in that period, you had to go up in the 400-500 sat/B range.
Then suddenly traffic died down, and you can see that in the past 2 days, almost all 140 sat/B transactions have been cleared from the mempool.
So RIGHT NOW, a little over 140 sat/B would be mined quickly enough.
Checking the CURRENT state of the network using this site (Johoe's Bitcoin Mempool Statistics) IMO is the BEST way to estimate what fees you need **RIGHT NOW**.
Even the bitcoinfees site that OP, , linked commonly overestimates fees.
@_date: 2018-01-31 04:22:51
Back at $18k, whenever I quoted the [bitcoin time-traveler's 10k prediction]( people would always point out we're way past 10k.
Now that it seems his guesstimate was kinda accurate...Citadel here I come? :p
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:46:09
I even did a Google search which [you can see here]( and here are the results from "economics dictionaries":
- Investopedia (definition of terms):
  &gt; Fiat money is currency that **a government has declared to be legal tender**, but it is not backed by a physical commodity. 
- Financial Times (Lexicon section)
  &gt; Paper money or coins of little or no intrinsic value in themselves and not convertible into gold or silver, but **made legal tender by fiat (order) of the government.**
- Investing Answers FINANCIAL DICTIONARY
  &gt; As valid currency **solely by virtue of a government declaration**, fiat money is not backed by any commodity, such as gold
- Investor Words "definition and meaning"
  &gt; Money which has no intrinsic value and cannot be redeemed for specie or any commodity, but is **made legal tender through government decree.**
- EVEN Wikipedia
  &gt; Fiat money is a currency without intrinsic value **established as money by government regulation.**
There you go with a few "dictionary of economics", ALL INCLUDE that. Stop dropping references you didn't even look up yourself.


I'm the one dropping all the references here.
YOU are the one doing no research, and have made the misconception of DROPPING HALF THE DEFINITION.
It's not my fault if you misunderstood the proper definition.
It's HILARIOUS to me though how you keep changing your narrative (from dictionaries, to an economist said it, now to "dictionary of economics") and you KEEP GETTING PROVEN WRONG at EVERY TURN. LOL


Omission IS MISINFORMATION.
You OMITTED the half about government decree, and now you keep arguing yourself into a corner because you CAN'T ADMIT you DIDN'T KNOW THAT HALF.
And curse words? LOL
If you attack people, you BETTER EXPECT to get attacked back. DON'T do it if you can't handle it dumbass.
@_date: 2018-01-01 00:35:55
No. Bad bot.
@_date: 2018-01-11 04:12:53
Maybe you could also do something like this: 
@_date: 2019-07-17 15:26:23
Not even close to the worst possible scenario.
Worst possible scenario is that SHA-256, ECDSA, and RIPEMD-160 are all broken within the same day, thus preventing any damage control (i.e. if only ECDSA was broken, they could create a fix to save coins from addresses with unexposed public keys, since addresses are only hashes).
And they're broken so bad that:
1. it allows anyone to compute for a specific collision (on both the hashing algos) with any specific dataset they want, with a trivial amount of computing power, near-instantly, killing mining and hash-protection of addresses. 
2. it allows cracking of the ECDSA private key from an exposed public key near-instantly, with a trivial amount of computing power (non-quantum).
In only that scenario do I see bitcoin dying completely.
..... I guess there's the scenario that there are aliens that are advanced enough to break all three algorithms that bad.
Still less likely than a gigantic meteor of gold/silver/previous metals crashing into our planet. Or space mining finding something similar nearby.
@_date: 2019-07-11 06:45:05
No other crypto can succeed over bitcoin, otherwise, the world experiment of crypto as a store-of-value has failed.
Why?  
Because if a "newer and better tech" coin can overtake the primary store-of-value, this means bitcoin (and thus, crypto as a whole) is not a reliable store-of-value like gold, because it is OBSOLETABLE. Gold still remains a store-of-value despite the gold standard being removed. Can you imagine if a "better element" can take over gold as being a store-of-value, do you think countries and central banks will still keep maintaining gigantic stockpiles of gold?
This is the same with bitcoin. If any other crypto overtakes it, then instutitional money (and possibly even state actors) that were looking at storing value into crypto will NEVER ever consider crypto as a store-of-value. Because if it was obsoleted once, it means it can be obsoleted again by "something better" in the future.
We can never hope for a marketcap reaching trillions, and becoming an established asset class, if your asset now, is like Friendster/Myspace, and will potentially be replaced by something better in the future. Institutional money and states will never put any considerable amount in such an "asset".
And not just security as a store-of-value, the network is literally the only REAL decentralized and secure network. Even a huge movement like Segwit2x/NYA backed by HUGE companies like Coinbase, Bitmain, Bitpay, Shapeshift, and even names like Gavin, were unable to force a contentious hardfork. 
Meanwhile, BCH, which is one of the top coins, recently suffered a 51% attack from just two miners, who prevented an "unknown miner" from taking BCH coins in segwit addresses (and instead they took it for themselves). Even the DAO incident shows ETH, the top 2 coin, is not decentralized. It shows that Vitalik et. al.  can dictate that people move to a new chain just because of a buggy smart contract. This is literally Binance's "let's rollback bitcoin" request, which was laughed out of the room.
These things cannot happen with bitcoin. It is the ONLY crypto secure enough to guarantee that. It has the strongest network and no figurehead.
@_date: 2019-07-10 07:14:32




This whole process sounds interesting.
Is there a video showing how this entire process works/what it looks like?
@_date: 2018-01-27 16:00:20
Nah, there is only 1 transaction to bech32 address: bc1q9sh6544xls87x7skjzyfhkty4wq7z76vn7qzq9
@_date: 2018-01-01 03:17:15


LOL. You've proven ONCE AGAIN that you have the GIFT OF OMISSION.
Reread [that post](


Why? Read the starting part:


It is OBVIOUSLY NOT TRUE, I just say it to pretend to be financially incapable.
And "semi-retired" means I am not FULLY RETIRED.
I run an online business, I did not LUCK out, I only put in "what I could afford to lose", which is 5-10%.


Sure keep telling yourself that buddy.
You can't even figure out ONE WORD, "fiat" LOL.
That level of stupidity is UNBELIEVABLE.


No I did not click ONE LINK.
Check the LINKS again.
You are really good with OMISSION.
As you've PROVEN with my post that you quoted, you OBVIOUSLY SKIM EVERYTHING you read.
And I pity you if you spent hours and still missed half of the definition.


Try reading back. I was trying to be civil with you, but you just KEPT ON ATTACKING me.
You're the fucking child here, you get proven wrong and you retaliate by personal attacks.
People of all ages curse, get over it. You were attacking me nonstop until I attacked you back. Then suddenly you act like you're some mature person who doesn't do that. LOL
@_date: 2018-01-07 12:31:45
I guess it could work as a trustless storage between different companies (if they couldn't trust a central 3rd-party to store their joint data).
They wouldn't really need a coin backing it, nor a specific blocktime (like bitcoin's 10 minutes).
They can basically just publish blocks whenever there is an update, signed by their "company key".
Although I don't see why this can't be implemented via replicated databases at each company (and they just add each "signed" update the other companies publish). That's all they are basically doing with their "blockchain".
@_date: 2019-07-25 05:59:35
What about stealing liquidity from altcoins that are paired to both BTC and USD/some stablecoin like USDT/USDC?
Just keep buying up the altcoin on the USD(T/C) market, and keep dumping it on the BTC market.
Of course, this makes sense only if altcoins didn't end up amounting to anything significant in your time.
So, what did happen to most altcoins? Especially curious about major ones like ETH and XRP. Or even Monero.
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:46:13
What is this from?
@_date: 2018-01-25 15:45:21
Bittrex paid 500 sat/B for my BTC withdrawal.
But then, I had to pay THEIR fixed withdrawal fee of 0.001 BTC (11 USD) so I guess they are overpaying fees since they are also overcharging (so they have no reason to have delayed transactions).
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:36:18
Anyone can run a Lightning Node, all you need is the funds needed to relay transactions in the node.
This is basically Bitcoin's proof-of-stake. It's completely decentralized.
DASH masternodes work fine and are decentralized. I've run a few PivX masternodes myself (not DASH ones, 1000 DASH needed for each node is like almost a million dollars now)... but it's definitely not centralized.
@_date: 2017-12-09 03:14:01
No, that still doesn't address the fact that in futures, for every short there is a long.


Then how can you go short if no one is willing to match it then?
You're making up this weird scenario where there are either no longs but tons of shorts... OR there are longs who will match the shorts, then do NOTHING while the shorts dump the price.


The shorts supposedly have enough capital to hoard coins to dump... but the longs don't have capital? Who is long then? A bunch of newbie traders matching the supposed "Wall Street" shorts?
@_date: 2017-12-17 13:12:53
Ugh, even with family members, I do NOT want to disclose any financial information.
My mom used to have a business and she got abused CONSTANTLY. Her siblings come up with all stories about needing money for this and that, one of her deadbeat nephews CONSTANTLY stole stuff from her, they even tried all kinds of things to defraud her of her portion of the inheritance, etc.
Blood may be thicker than water, but when it comes to money matters, things can still get dirty fast.
I personally am semi-retired, but I always tell every relative who asks about my job: "I'm unemployed, I play video games all day." They try to offer a job, and I just say no thanks.
I prefer being seen as the deadbeat good-for-nothing black sheep of the family, while secretly being financially independent, than being seen as the family wallet.
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:38:44
If your phone is not jailbroken, apps are sandboxed and cannot access each other's data, so it SHOULD be safe.
However, this is not guaranteed, as there might be zero-day exploits out there that can get root access even just via the browser. Although I would think that would generate quite a bit of buzz online (unless the person who discovered the exploit is using it to silent collect things like wallets, and not stealing anything yet to avoid detection... and will just steal everything in one go later).
This scenario is unlikely, security on iOS is pretty good if you're not jailbroken. But there have been PLENTY of browser-based exploits (this is exactly how JailbreakMe used to work) so it's not 100% guaranteed.
If your device jailbroken... git scurred. :p Nah you're probably safe... or are you?
@_date: 2017-12-31 12:00:15
Just remember this one thing:
A blockchain is just a database that no one controls.
If it's not decentralized, you might as well use a database.
@_date: 2017-12-08 06:46:46
Paper wallet can be lost or destroyed, but doesn't have to be actually paper (it can just be a way you store your private key securely).
Still vulnerable to malware/viruses that can steal your coin when you finally import the private key.
Hardware wallets are convenient, and supposedly malware/virus-proof. You can connect it to a computer filled to the brim with viruses, send a transaction, and nothing will get stolen.
However, it's a clear sign saying "I have crypto". People have been stopped at airports for "[having bitcoins in their bag]( and get held up, questioned etc. Asset forfeiture is a thing if you carry fiat, but they can REALLY hassle you or more if you carry something that says "I have crypto".
Also, might be dangerous if a thief/robber who is aware how much bitcoin has been rising and knows what a hardware wallet is sees you with one. Might get mugged with a $5 wrench until you spill your PIN code.
@_date: 2017-12-12 17:33:31
Let's say everything is done on-chain.
Now, the original vision for bitcoin is to become a world currency. To disrupt the world's financial system, and overthrow corrupt banks and governments inflating fiat and printing money out of thin air, stealing value from people's savings, and all that. To become "the internet of money".
If this happens, it means **worldwide adoption**.
In such a scenario, a valuation of $100,000/coin is LOW. Gold's market cap is $8T, and gold isn't even a widely used currency (you can't really buy stuff with gold coins at stores). $8T / 21 million coins = $380,000/coin.
Why is the price important? Because fees are priced in bitcoin... specifically in sat/B.
With WORLDWIDE adoption, not just coffees, this means even giving daily allowance to your kid is a transaction. EVERY TIME money changes hands in the WHOLE WORLD is a transaction.
Even if you double or triple the block size, blocks will ALWAYS be full in the "dream scenario" of bitcoin which is to become a world currency.
And at the current average fee rate of 250 sat/B... a single transaction (with a single address input and a single address output + 1 change address) that is 226 bytes, and the price mentioned earlier ($380,000/coin) if it matches gold's marketcap.... will cost $190 in fees.
But most likely, 250 sat/B is not enough in a scenario where the WHOLE WORLD is competing for spots in the next block.
Basically, if your goal is just to relieve the fee/congestion pressure here-and-now, block size increases might sound good. But it will only hurt in the long run, as the only working solution for the ideal scenario (which is to become a world currency) is a 2nd-layer off-chain one.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:04:07


So you've been trading for 10 years, only started making profit this year, and you are STILL "buying high, selling low" o_O
Yeah... just buy and HODL.
No offense, but I don't think trading is for you.
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:38:28
What is Codex5733, even lol
No hits on Google if you place it in "quotes".
@_date: 2017-12-08 05:48:33
Might be worth buying a Trezor for that.
It's a hardware-wallet. It's supposed to be secure from malware/viruses (like some viruses will sweep your wallets when you open it in an infected computer, some even steal your coins when you log in to sites like CoinBase on an infected computer).
Once you got your Trezor, send a TINY BIT to test, and confirm you got it before sending the rest.
With the Trezor, the only thing you need to protect is the "seed words". These are a set of words that if stolen, can be used to take all your coins. AND if your Trezor breaks, you can use these words to recover your wallet on another Trezor/wallet program.
Keep these words 100% SAFE, in TWO locations (e.g. your house and maybe parents' house). Why? Imagine if you had a house fire, both your seed words and your Trezor got lost in it. It's all gone then, but if you have a backup you can restore it easily.
People come up with different solutions for protecting their seed words (e.g. writing them in separate book pages, etc.) I personally store it encrypted (via 7zip's AES-encrypt) in 2 USBs in 2 separate houses.
@_date: 2017-12-08 06:50:38
What I would do:
Cash out 1000 BTC (currently $16M).
Pay capital gains taxes also so that it's all on the books.
Put $10M in index funds, which would give me a $400k annual "safe withdrawal rate" (or $33k per month).
Just have the $6M liquid across as many bank accounts as I can (so that I can just throw cash at anything anytime with debit cards, checks, or my ATM card).
Buy 500 BTC worth each of ETH, Monero, IOTA (preferable OTC or slowly over an exchange, to not spike the prices... or during a BTC rally so people dump into my buys).
Keep the 7500 BTC in separate Trezor-passphrase wallets (500 BTC each).
Although realistically, I don't think I'll ever burn through the initial $16M, I'd probably just mess around for the rest of my life. lol
Just pasting this here in case this question was asked because someone intends to make it happen LOL
@_date: 2017-12-25 14:43:11
That blockchain description makes no sense at all lol. Nor
A blockchain is special only because it's decentralized. If it's centralized, you might as well just replace it with a database.
That's all it is really. A database that no one controls.
And the ones powering it are the miners.
And they ONLY do it because it's incentivized (they EARN bitcoins for each block solved).
How else would you get people to help run a decentralized global system without incentives?
Any "blockchain" without incentives is eventually going to fall apart, like an old torrent with no more seeds.
Because of this fact, "blockchain" as a technology cannot be separated from the concept of having value as a currency, otherwise no one would power that network.
@_date: 2017-12-27 08:32:51
Personally, I prefer keeping my seed words encrypted (via either TrueCrypt, or using 7-zip's AES-encryption [NOT ZipCrypto]), all done offline, then stored on 2 USBs (one at home, one at a parent's house).
So that even if someone finds it, they can't steal the coins, unlike with having the seed words on plain paper. Also in case something crazy happens, like your funds are frozen and your safety deposit box at the bank seized; or like posted where a rogue bank employee opens your box, your coins would still be safe, since your seed words are not exposed.
@_date: 2017-12-09 13:51:56
I ALWAYS notice that but I'm too scared to do it XD
Probably because the first time I tried it, BTC didn't stop rising at ATH and the alts continued dumping even though the panic dip was already massive. Gave me a traumatic experience lol
But good job actually making this work for you.
@_date: 2017-12-28 09:33:28
You are asking how to do a search on a site.
You already have 4 different people telling you it is NOT about bitcoin.
It only makes sense to YOU and to NO ONE ELSE because you are asking how to do a search, which applies to any topic and not just bitcoin.
Stop forcing it, 4 people have already told you it's off topic. Your question is not about bitcoin, it's about how to do a search.
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:41:50
...that wasn't even the same user as the one you were originally talking to, lol
@_date: 2017-12-01 14:19:15
Everyone is either calling you a liar (calling it a fantasy or or insulting you for doing drugs, etc.
So if it's ok, can you sign a message (even something like "i am even with an old, already spent and tumbled, address with 2-digit (or 3 or 4+ digit) bitcoin balance?
Since you were using it for illicit purposes, I ASSUME you were tumbling it (so even if you sign a message using such an address, you shouldn't worry about signing from an address being traceable), and using an old, now already spent (zero balance) address just to sign a message would give this story so much validation (and probably be appreciated by a lot of readers here) and not cost you anything (and be risk-free as well).
@_date: 2017-12-30 06:32:50
I buy X btc from Coinbase, then open a channel to send it to Binance, use it to trade on Binance, while I just never close the channel I used.
So when I top up X btc again to add more trading funds, I can receive it via the same channel (assuming I'm somehow connected to both Coinbase and Binance via that channel). Then I can send the X btc using the same channel to Binance.
It basically looks like I'm just sending X btc back and forth, achieving nothing, but by switching the recipient, and having a different sender, I'm actually shuffling it around exchanges.
It LOOKED like I just sent X btc on that channel, later got it back, then sent X btc again, but it's all different transactions. When I send X btc - Binance now has it, and when I "get it back" when I bought X btc again, that's from Coinbase even though it's the same channel, then I send it out, but it's to Binance again.
Of course, that makes sense for me who keeps a lot of coins on different exchanges, I just use the same channel to shuffle across them.
@_date: 2017-12-04 09:16:27
So basically, you are suggesting that a government or a corporation try to pirate miners from bitcoin by offering them another coin they could mine with their hashpower.
That's not a bad idea, but it would be a huge gamble, if any state or corporation would be willing to fund that (they'll have to pay the market cap of the coin's value out of their own pockets at the very least).
Also, you'd be asking the miners to turn their current coin holdings worthless (and afaik the biggest miners are the largest holders).
You'd have to make them an offer they could not refuse (and if they believe bitcoin could hit $100,000+, you'll have to buy their coins for that value or higher).
Besides convincing them to mine a centralized coin (which they might not want to do out of principle). Also if it's centralized, it's either a currency the state/corporation can inflate (which I don't see it being worth the risk switching), or if not, it's a currency they won't be able to control either.
And if bitcoin doesn't die, the miners that sold out just cut themselves out of the game.
Basically this plan would be a HUGE gamble to everyone involved.
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:39:14
I'm a newbie and just reading up on the stuff you mentioned, but it seems this can happen only when there are availability issues with the underlying asset?
Bitcoin futures are cash-settled though, so no actual bitcoin purchases would be made.
They just take the price from exchanges during a certain time, I think:


@_date: 2017-12-07 23:21:35
It's $21k on Korean exchanges (Bithumb, Coinone, Korbit).
If you are banked in Korea, it might be a pretty attractive arbitrage opportunity (buy here for $16k, sell there for $21k).
@_date: 2017-12-24 07:44:34
Proof-of-work is not what gives bitcoin value.
As one other post here said, digging a hole is also proof-of-work, but that's worthless.
**Proof-of-work is just used to achieve consensus.**
*That's the only importance it has.*
Let's say:  
- A broadcasts a transaction to spend his coin to pay B.
- Then A broadcasts a double-spend transaction to spend his coins to pay C.
So who got paid, B or C?
The solution is to have a hard-to-solve "block of transactions", and whichever transactions gets into the block, that one is the CONFIRMED one.
This is why payments are not accepted until they have a few confirmations. You could double-spend your coin 100x to 100 different recipients in 100 different double-spend transactions, and only one will get accepted, the one that gets into the next block.
Proof-of-work is the concept that since the block is hard to solve, and difficulty is adjusted such that there is only a block every 10 minutes, by confirming transactions by block, you prevent double-spends and achieve consensus.
And by including details from the previous block in the current block's hash computation, you create a "blockchain", a chain of "accepted" blocks. So that people don't go off solving their own blocks to double-spend. Even if that block has it's own "proof-of-work", no one will accept it because the "longest chain" (the one with the "most work" in it) does not include your double-spend block.
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:37:22
You have a username like telling EVERYONE here that you have had BTC **years ago**... this is just terrible opsec all around, even if we ignore the fact that you claim that you told everyone how many btc you have/had.
IMO telling people you've had bitcoin **years ago** is as bad as telling everyone "I have 3 digits or higher".......
@_date: 2017-12-25 10:58:30




5% - 50+% per DAY trades... wow.
"its me ur ex" lol, no need for the $2000, just gimme them buy/sell signals lol.
Just curious though, what's your style? Buying dips? Pullback trading? Or complex TA? Do you actually get these kinds of trades in crypto DAILY?
I've been trying to buy on HUGE panics that break historically STRONG support, the only method I've found to work with 85-90% success... but it happens like once a month lol.
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:15:49
To add to your answer to wasteful coding/wasteful resource-usage is extremely apparent when you look at resource-usage of games and applications.
Back in the days of DOS, Win 9x, etc. with 386 computers having 33 MHz speed and 1 MB RAM, or just looking at old consoles like the NES having 1.79 MHz and 2kB of onboard working RAM, coders came up with ALL KINDS of solutions to save cycles. i.e. Drawing circles/lines using Bresenham's algorithm to prevent doing trigonometric math, using sin/cos lookup tables, etc.
You would see amazing 3D demos that could run on the crappiest computers, packaged in an executable of only a few kB, and run a full 60 FPS.
While now, you will find extremely-crappily coded simple games (e.g. Flappy Bird clones) that require you to install tons of dependencies like BOTH .NET framework 3.5 and .NET framework 4.0, come in 300 MB-1GB installers, then still run slow on computers that do not have a 1080 Ti, i5, and 4GB RAM (and use up 100% CPU).
@_date: 2017-12-31 10:50:51
Still doesn't fit in to how bitcoin works.
You buy bitcoin with fiat, the sender sends it to another address.
You don't even really need to interact with the internet yourself to receive bitcoins. It's all the seller doing stuff on the internet (which is most likely an exchange of some sort).
You only have to do stuff on the internet when you want to cash out, most likely OUTSIDE of China.
And no, you don't even need to send any data outside the "great firewall of China". MOST bitcoin miners are IN CHINA, lul.
The blockchain virtually exists EVERYWHERE on earth, so the concept of "sending in/sending out of China" doesn't make sense in this context.
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:57:18
Well, you possibly could photoshop an image, people have gone as far as throwing the image into the "fotoforensics" site to "detect photoshopped images".
Personally, I couldn't be bothered to prove myself if tons of people doubted me, so props trying to prove yourself.
I say just post the Trezor bar chart and be done with it.
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:16:23
Yeah, I believe this is the reason we are seeing a LOT of Lightning demo videos coming out now. It can't come fast enough.
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:16:37
HODLing (in the original context where it was used/misspelled) refers more to holding your stash through price crashes.
It was posted when the "bubble first popped", I think bitcoin went from $1200 down to below $200, and the guy claimed he will hold through it all, unlike everyone else who was probably panic selling.
I don't think it means you should hoard or not use the coin as currency, just don't panic sell when the price goes down.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:00:28
A single-input transaction to a single-address output + change-address is 226 bytes (using all legacy addresses).
At 250 sat/B (which is supposed to be fast for under moderate traffic) is 0.0005 BTC
0.0005 BTC is:
- $0.50 at $1000/BTC
- $8 at $16,000/BTC
- $25 at $50,000/BTC
- $50 at $100,000/BTC
Assuming bitcoin becomes "digital gold", and gold's market cap is like $8T  
This means BTC price will be $8T/ 21 million coins =~ $380,000/BTC
If the fee stays the same (250 sat/B), this is $190 in FEES.
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:33:51
Link to full video please?
@_date: 2017-12-29 04:32:41
Think of it this way:
You open a channel to StarBucks. Now you can pay ANYONE else who has a channel open to StarBucks.
One of those people has a channel open to McDonalds.
Now, you can pay McDonalds, and ANYONE who has a channel open to McDonalds. And some of those people probably have channels open to WalMart, or maybe these establishments have channels open to each other.
It will basically become a global network of payment channels. You most likely would never need more than one channel, and you'd probably not even want to close it for a very long time.
Some people even talk about having a channel open for years.
@_date: 2017-12-31 15:51:31
If you cannot link them though, how can you prove they are the same coins?
- Coinbase reports withdrawing your coins to a personal wallet as a taxable event, and if you get audited, you can prove that this is not true by demonstrating ownership of the address the coins went to (i.e. by signing a message using that address, or sending coins from the address)
It seems that demonstrating proof of address ownership is NOT out of the question: e.g. [here](




Well... I guess you can get away with it for now, while they are not tracing transactions, but just keep in mind there's no real statute of limitations for tax evasion.
And if they're that inept, I don't really see the need to jump to XMR. After all, as you said, they can't seize your transaction history on Binance.
@_date: 2017-12-19 02:01:08


Then run it over Tor.
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:28:53
I don't wanna talk about "prepper libertarians", the deflationary model, fiat being backed, bitcoin becoming a widespread currency, etc. since that's not the topic here.
All I care about to discuss here is that in futures, for every short , there is a LONG, and I believe they'll fight the BTC dumps with fiat pumps.
That is all I've been saying, and that's the one thing you still haven't addressed.
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:39:59
I was actually undergoing a thought-process transformation as I continued posting comments in this post (if you see how my posts slowly change their point-of-view in my comments in here).
My final conclusion is that off-chain scaling is the only solution (i.e. Lightning)
Because if bitcoin becomes a world-currency, then you're right, blocks will ALWAYS be full. And if it comes to such widespread adoption, 6-digit value is a low range, so fees like 250 sat/B become ridiculously overpriced (if measured in fiat value).
So it can never be completely supported on-chain as a world currency, it has to be an off-chain 2nd layer solution.
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:16:21
I'm curious, are they aware of the current bitcoin price?
And what were their reactions? I'm intrigued. :p
@_date: 2017-12-19 01:39:42
HODLing (in the original context where it was used/misspelled) refers more to holding your stash through price crashes.
It was posted when the "bubble first popped", I think bitcoin went from $1200 down to below $200, and the guy claimed he will hold through it all, unlike everyone else who was probably panic selling.
I don't think it means you should hoard or not use the coin as currency, just don't panic sell when the price goes down.
@_date: 2017-12-29 17:40:49
...why would governments need to use a blockchain?
That would be unnecessary, they can just use a database.
All a blockchain is, is a database that no one has absolute control over.
If you want to have control, just use a database.
Even the cryptocurrency part would be unnecessary.
They can just assign username/password combinations assigned to everyone with their SSN, which you can use on all online checkout pages. Or maybe even biometrics+password over a secure connection.
And you can use your implanted-microchip on retail stores.
They don't need the anonimity/pseudonimity of public addresses mapped to private keys, they want to identify everyone individually, why bother with crypto?
@_date: 2017-12-02 14:07:19
Someone claiming to be a "time-traveler" posted about a dystopian-like future where BTC became the main currency, and what you are talking about happened, here:
Scary part is he also posted about BTC reaching $10,000 in 2017... back in 2013.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:51:12
You missed the entire point of the last reply I made, which is WIDESPREAD adoption.
i.e. with widespread adoption, the price WILL skyrocket to 6+ digits, and the fees ALSO skyrockets as more people try to outbid each other.
This post is basically just planning what will happen if a certain crypto becomes a world currency (i.e. the pipe-dream of overthrowing the banks).
And IMO, if there are too many dominant coins, that will never happen. It's too complicated for the average joe.
In that case, all my talk about 250 sat/B at $100,000+/coin values is just nonsense and there would be no need to worry about it. Crypto will just be its own world, and I can just jump to Litecoin when sending across exchanges, which is what I usually do. (shrug)
@_date: 2017-12-19 09:44:15


This phenemenon is actually called [Induced Demand](
Studies have shown that it works like that in similar systems, like [building bigger roads makes traffic worse](
It's like replacing a small pipe with a bigger pipe, water will still flow at maximum capacity through it.
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:36:54
Copy-pasting my reply [here](


They are completely isolated and cannot be accessed freely by the computer you connect them to.
What does this mean? If you connect it to a computer filled to the brim with viruses/malware, and send a transaction to a bitcoin address, it cannot steal your coins, or steal the coins you are sending. Because the entire transaction is created on the wallet (NOT the computer).
It cannot even spoof the address you are sending to, because it will appear on the display on the hw wallet (which the computer has no access to).
And it cannot force the wallet to do anything (e.g. send coins without you doing it yourself) because everything is hardwired to work with the hardware buttons on the device and nothing else.
So you can carry it around, connect it to ANY virus-filled computer you come across, and safely send coins with no worries.
**Compared to using a software wallet (e.g. Electrum), or using an exchange wallet (e.g. Coinbase, Blockchain.info)**, viruses are known to steal private keys, replace addresses in browsers, replace addresses you copy/paste in your clipboard, steal logins to exchange/wallet sites, etc. It's so bad, some people use a separate offline computer just to create their bitcoin transactions.
None of these are issues with a hw wallet.
@_date: 2017-12-31 14:20:44
XRP shill in disguise.
Make people in wonder what Ripple is, look it up, see the meteoric price action and FOMO.
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:06:40


They have EVERY reason, they're LONG.
You don't go long then just watch your losses, you obviously do what the short is doing as well, manipulate the price to your favor (while it is still not illegal and unregulated).
You're just ignoring the LONG side of the argument, when the truth of the matter is, they are ALSO "institutional money", and as I said, these people have deeper fiat pockets (which may even be "printed out of thin air") than bitcoin pockets  (which are an actual scarce commodity).
And in futures, for every short, there HAS to be a long.
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:32:35
The 2nd and 3rd image talks more about internet money.
@_date: 2017-12-15 10:52:59
I personally use only the "bank deposit" option on the localbitcoins sellers.
Zero-risk of being mugged or scammed.
- You initiate a buy,
- the site stores the bitcoins you are buying from the seller in "escrow" (i.e. the seller no longer has them, the site is holding the coins as a mediator),
- then you have a window-period to deposit the cash into the seller's bank account (depending on the seller, it can be as short as 30 minutes, or as long as 6-12 hours).
- then you upload a picture of the deposit slip, and the seller releases the coins from escrow.
If the seller tries to scam you, you call in an arbitration, the site's arbitrator sees the chat history (which verifies the bank details were correctly provided by the seller) and the picture of the deposit slip, and you will win 99.99% of the time.
No risk of being scammed, no meetups with someone who will mug you, 100% safe.
Only problem is that there's always a premium on the price, due to the anonimity bonus and all.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:42:44
I guess the price rose too fast for the exchange's tech to catch up then...
They can't even keep up with their customers (verifications, support issues, etc.)
@_date: 2017-12-13 06:55:29
You have to understand how markets work, and why buying makes the price go up, and why selling makes the price go down.
If you try trading a bit on an actual exchange, you should be able to understand it easily, but I'll try to explain.
On an exchange, you just have people who are selling coins at whatever price they want. But this is sorted so that when you buy, you are "matched" with the cheapest coins being sold first. And when you sell, you are "matched" with the highest bids first.
So let's say we take a look at the order book, and see the coins being sold (arranged from the cheapest first) are:
- 1 BTC for 16000
- 2 BTC for 16100
- 3 BTC for 16200... and so on...
So if someone buys 5 BTC, they will end up buying 1 for 16000, 2 for 16100, and 2 for 16200. And the cheapest sell order will now be the left over:
- 1 BTC for 16200
So you can't get coins for 16000 anymore, the cheapest price is now 16200.
So basically, to drive up the price, people have to keep "buying up" the cheap coins until only sell orders of people who want to sell expensively are left.
But imagine something like this... what if the coins being sold looked like this:
- 1 BTC for 17000
- **1000 BTC for 17250**
- 3 BTC for 17300... and so on...
That means in order for the price to rise to 17300, that ENTIRE WALL of 1000 coins being sold at 17250 has to be bought up first.
They literally blocked the price from rising past that point, unless someone ponies up 17250x1000 ($17.25 million), or until the market eventually finally manages to buy it all up.
This is basically a guarantee that the price won't rise for quite a while (might take a few hours, might take days, or until the sell wall is pulled).
Why do they put up such a huge sell wall?
Maybe someone is cashing out massively... maybe someone who is short on futures is preventing themselves from being crushed if it goes above a certain price, who knows.
@_date: 2017-12-02 17:08:36
- A lot of people are watching Satoshi's addresses, and if any of those coins move, a panic selling frenzy could ensue, even before he actually dumps anything.
- Here's a better plan. Own a huge amount (like 1 million bitcoins), fake your death, disappear from the internet. Watch as the deflationary model causes human greed to blow up bitcoin to ridiculous levels. Soon it becomes a world currency.
  Then reappear with all your coins and RULE THE WORLD.
  Who needs a lot of money, if you can have money AND power. ;)
@_date: 2017-12-31 15:30:43
If you cannot link your initial BTC purchase to the final USD cashout, you will be taxed as if you had a zero cost-basis.
i.e. instead of % tax on the PROFIT ONLY, you will get hit with % tax on the ENTIRE VALUE.
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:57:45
Yeah, if you follow my comments in this post, I eventually start realizing how high fees get as the price goes up (and someone even points on the 1 sat/B scenario like in your link).
Only then did I realize, you NEED a 2nd-layer like Lightning, if you want worldwide adoption.
Because more adoption =   
higher coin price + more transactions =  
higher sat/B(which is also MORE in fiat value since the price is higher)
It will never work as a worldwide currency if everything is on-chain, and then what happens to the dream to overthrow the corrupt banks and financial institutions.
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:51:02
How come when big banks are caught red-handed doing something illegal, they usually just get slapped with fines and no one goes to jail?
Can I request that we private citizens also get this privilege?
@_date: 2017-12-28 09:45:38
You edited your post LOL but the original text is [here](
You may not know, but there's this bot that saves ALL posts on so you can't edit your original post without getting busted. You were OBVIOUSLY asking about reddit (and archived posts, which ONLY happens on reddit after 6 months).
Sorry, try again. BUSTED. Look who's ignorant now.
Can't accept when you get proven wrong, even when FOUR DIFFERENT PEOPLE tell you YOU ARE WRONG. LOOOOL. Dumbass.
Here, let me do the same "ninja-edit" you did:




Fucking dumb moron. Asking about how to do a search is NOT related to bitcoin. I tried to be civil with you and yet you choose to be offensive DESPITE BEING WRONG, AND NOT BEING ABLE TO ACCEPT IT, calling me ignorant despite it's obvious YOU'RE THE DUMBASS here, with four people telling you how you're wrong already, yet you just can't accept it.
Want an answer? Learn to fucking use Google, moron.
@_date: 2017-12-02 17:24:12
Veracrypt it into a hidden volume, and store something private in the non-hidden (but still encrypted volume) like ...nude selfies? lol
1. Carry a copy on a USB with you,
2. hide another copy in a USB the house.
- If you lose the USB you brought with you, and fear the person finding it will brute-force it, you have plenty of time to sweep those wallets when you get home.
- If your house is broken into and the USB is missing, use the copy you have with you to restore the wallet and sweep everything from it.
The hidden volume+encrypted combo should ensure that they won't brute force it quick enough that you won't have time to get home and sweep the wallets.
And you'll have to be really unlucky to lose BOTH the USB and get your house broken into.
- For that scenario, you could probably burn a 3rd copy into a CD and hide that under a floor tile (but this doesn't protect you from say a house fire)... so maybe bury it in the garden...?
But really... this is a bit extreme (unless you have like hundreds or thousands of BTC or so, and painted a target on yourself by having some kind of crypto Youtube channel or something).
Like I've read on some recent posts that people have forgotten they have bitcoins ON COINBASE, come back today at $11k and find their coins waiting for them still there.
@_date: 2017-12-17 10:47:55
Are you talking about this post?
Yeah, that's a private key, you're never supposed to give that out.
But it seems there were never any coins in that wallet to begin with... your private key resolves to either of the following 2 addresses: [1Mu64dYz7p9Nhz19bYrxt5JLL91nsr6SNU]( or [15XXP1PJgy1KSmGzfWuKBNfdbV1ryQNHZb](
Neither had any coins to begin with.
@_date: 2017-12-13 12:24:36
It's actually really bad for anyone who bought ETH any time since then and just held.
Because it went up to like 0.2 BTC each, so anyone who bought from that time and just held lost so much BTC value.
But alts may be worth it if you can trade them to increase your BTC stash. Just don't get swayed by all their "better tech" talk and end up holding the alt bag for too long.
@_date: 2017-12-10 07:21:24
It's like cash.
Once they give it to you, no takebacks.
@_date: 2017-12-31 23:03:26
If you can predict highs and lows, go for it.
Plenty, and I mean PLENTY of traders were selling at $7000 thinking it was the top, then we went straight to $16000 out of nowhere, and got left behind (or had to rebuy at a much higher price than their sell point).
And a LOT of traders bought in $14000-15000 when it dipped from $19000 thinking it was the bottom and it was gonna bounce back up, and either had to cut losses, or are now just waiting to break even.
This is the entire point of the "trading game", being able to predict highs and lows. Give it a try a few times, let me know how it goes for you.
I'd love to hear your experience. A LOT of people lose money this way, and I mean A LOT. But who knows, you might be one of the rare people who have a knack for it.
Like there are people who do this with penny stocks, like Steven Dux who turned $27,000 to $900,000+ in 1 year, just buying the bottoms of dips and selling the peaks of price spikes (or shorting them if he wasn't bought in).
Give it a try, and let me know how it goes for you.
RemindMe! 1 month "Wants to be a BTC trader"
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:10:13
Not now, of course. **Reread it**, as I said:


1T might still be a bit volatile but I think 10T would be stable since it would be bigger than gold then.
@_date: 2017-12-19 14:35:50
The 12 words have the last word as a "checksum", so you cannot use ANY word combination, since the last word is COMPUTED from the first 11 words.
I remember people linking a BIP39 online generator/verifier and I googled it and found this site:
You can generate 12 seed words there (just choose 12 in the dropdown then press the "Generate" text next to the dropdown).
You can also use it to check a set of words (try typing in 12 words in the text box where the seed words appear if you generate a set).
Anyway, for future wallets, always TEST your seed words by first trying to restore the wallet from the seed words.
I also do this "validity test" for private keys (generated by a vanity address generator) in case there was an error with the ECDSA computation or the hashing procedures, and it came up with an address not related to the private key, ESPECIALLY since this HAS already [happened before]( and it's not a [one-time thing]( that can happen.
Even [blockchain.info themselves supposedly had this happen]( There is NOTHING they can do for you in that case.
Although they also had it happen [again]( but someone was able to figure out the bugged private key, and retrieve the funds (luckily no one else was able to figure out the bug first and steal the coins).
@_date: 2017-12-28 09:19:56
I already explained it to you.
It's like going to a bitcoin forum and asking how to search for posts in a vBulletin or phpBB forum site. You are asking about the forum software, NOT about bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-29 16:29:20
Quoting Roger Ver though: [I think they're probably one of the worst development teams in the entire crypto coin ecosystem.](
@_date: 2017-12-19 18:32:50
Also, to add, consider the way most people use bitcoin:
- a lot of people keep everything on Coinbase, 
- and people who want to try out altcoins send their bitcoins from there to another exchange that has the coins they want i.e. Polo/Bittrex/Binance etc. and just keep all their coins there instead.
- And even SLIGHTLY more advanced users, like people who use bitcoins for DNMs, are even seen just keeping everything on a Blockchain.info wallet or some other online service
This is considered bad practice, yes. As the adage goes "not your keys, not your bitcoin".
BUT you can't change the fact that most people do this. And that managing private keys/seed words/hardware wallets is just too complicated for a LOT of people.
But these people, who use all these "custodians" to keep their coins, are going to benefit the MOST from an instant layer-2 solution like Lightning. Suddenly, you no longer need to do hacks like "send it via Litecoin". I'm actually quite surprised that exchanges haven't come up with their own layer-2 solution to send coins to each other.
I remember when I was a kid, you could only withdraw from an ATM that is owned by the bank where you have your account. But now there are these bank networks that allow you to use any ATM. I actually expected these exchanges to come up with something like that, but I guess Lightning is gonna do it for them instead.
@_date: 2017-12-04 15:37:30
Address checksum validates if you replace the last character (the "l") with a 1.
Still has 0 BTC and no transaction history anyway.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:26:55
If you are thinking Coinbase is doing fractional reserve banking (i.e. selling you bitcoins they don't have, and relying on the fact that a lot of people aren't withdrawing), it might help to know that Coinbase is like the "newb-friendly face" of their actual exchange GDAX.
If you have a Coinbase account, you have a GDAX account (and you can transfer Coinbase funds to GDAX with no fees afaik).
Coinbase is basically buying any purchased coins from the sell orders on their exchange, and holding them for you in their wallet.
I personally recommend just logging into GDAX instead (to get better prices, better fee rates, and just better control over the price you are buying at, since it is an actual exchange, where the sell orders on the market are placed by other actual people selling their bitcoins).
@_date: 2017-12-30 03:40:31
You only need one channel that is connected to both, and then you can just never close it.
@_date: 2017-12-31 22:51:34
Almost every coin below the top 20 has free transactions.
As [Andreas Antonopoulos puts it](


@_date: 2017-12-20 01:18:38


It's possible to derive the private key from the public key via [a modified Shor's algorithm for solving the discrete logarithm problem on elliptic curves, implemented on a hypothetical quantum computer](
SHA-256 (and other one-way hashes) do not suffer from this "theoretical vulnerability".
So it basically makes any address that does not have an exposed public key (from either signing a message or spending from the address) "quantum-proof".
Not really a realistic concern right now, but it might be in the future.
@_date: 2017-12-11 01:16:20
WOW. I tried to look this up, and it seems currently, the consensus is that working in banks are haram, but having your savings in a bank is somewhat acceptable, especially for businesses as they cannot operate properly without it, in fact a large part of the economy cannot operate without it.
If bitcoin ever becomes a VERY STABLE store-of-value (which I think requires it to reach a very high market cap, ala gold's $8T, so that whales can no longer manipulate the price easily as they make "smaller waves" in the market), I can see this view MASSIVELY shifting to the idea that even using a bank (and not just working in it) is haram in itself.
All it needs is a small "knowledge campaign" to inform muslims that they have another option than the haram banks (WHEN the market cap is high enough to keep the price stable).
And islamic businesses start storing their funds in bitcoin instead. And of course, start facilitating payments, remittances and the like in bitcoin. And ideally it will happen that muslims and muslim businesses won't even TOUCH banks, treating it like pork.
This will have the effect of massively boosting the price even more, such that once the "move over" of muslims and their businesses, from banks to bitcoin, is complete, it will even have a MUCH higher marketcap with even MORE price stability.
@_date: 2017-12-02 17:35:21
If your computer is already compromised, then your coins should already be gone (assuming you are using it to open your hot wallet, etc.)
Basic opsec regarding computer security should already be assumed, based on how paranoid OP's post is (I mean, a veracrypt volume, stored somewhere online without anyone else knowing, being brute-forced? wtf?)
@_date: 2017-12-03 11:49:15
Pastebin date created today...
No google results searching for that pastebin link, or the bitly link.
The text in the pastebin shows the same lack of understanding of how ONE-WAY hashes work as OP's post history, where he asks if you can "crack" the hash 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 (as if hashes are REVERSIBLE).
OP here is a hint, you can get the sha256 checksum/hash of a file of ANY SIZE (whether it be a short one-word string, or a 4GB ISO file). This is even built-in to most Linux/OSX systems (via openssl or shasum).
"Cracking" a hash (the term which both you and the pastebin use) shows you don't even understand what **one-way** hashing means. "Finding collisions" would have been more believable. But if you mean to use this to beat out ASIC miners, you can't use any other string, it has to be derived from the correct format of a block of transactions and the variable nonce.
And the pastebin also talks about cracking bitcoin ADDRESSES.... LOL. ECDSA is the crypto algorithm you need to crack, not SHA256.
The HASH functions SHA-256 and RIPEMD-160 are just used to shorten the public key into a checksummed address (but if that address has been used to sign a message or has been used as a transaction input, then the public key is already exposed on the blockchain anyway).
@_date: 2017-12-31 15:59:22
You don't need to jump to XMR for that.
They can't know what you did on Binance without seizing their records for your trading history.
@_date: 2019-07-04 14:30:01
I was shooting heroin and reading “The Fountainhead” in the front seat of my privately owned police cruiser when a call came in. I put a quarter in the radio to activate it. It was the chief.
“Bad news, detective. We got a situation.”
“What? Is the mayor trying to ban trans fats again?”
“Worse. Somebody just stole four hundred and forty-seven million dollars’ worth of bitcoins.”
The heroin needle practically fell out of my arm. “What kind of monster would do something like that? Bitcoins are the ultimate currency: virtual, anonymous, stateless. They represent true economic freedom, not subject to arbitrary manipulation by any government. Do we have any leads?”
“Not yet. But mark my words: we’re going to figure out who did this and we’re going to take them down … provided someone pays us a fair market rate to do so.”
“Easy, chief,” I said. “Any rate the market offers is, by definition, fair.”
He laughed. “That’s why you’re the best I got, Lisowski. Now you get out there and find those bitcoins.”
“Don’t worry,” I said. “I’m on it.”
I put a quarter in the siren. Ten minutes later, I was on the scene. It was a normal office building, strangled on all sides by public sidewalks. I hopped over them and went inside.
“Home Depot™ Presents the Police!®” I said, flashing my badge and my gun and a small picture of Ron Paul. “Nobody move unless you want to!” They didn’t.
“Now, which one of you punks is going to pay me to investigate this crime?” No one spoke up.
“Come on,” I said. “Don’t you all understand that the protection of private property is the foundation of all personal liberty?”
It didn’t seem like they did.
“Seriously, guys. Without a strong economic motivator, I’m just going to stand here and not solve this case. Cash is fine, but I prefer being paid in gold bullion or autographed Penn Jillette posters.”
Nothing. These people were stonewalling me. It almost seemed like they didn’t care that a fortune in computer money invented to buy drugs was missing.
I figured I could wait them out. I lit several cigarettes indoors. A pregnant lady coughed, and I told her that secondhand smoke is a myth. Just then, a man in glasses made a break for it.
“Subway™ Eat Fresh and Freeze, Scumbag!®” I yelled.
Too late. He was already out the front door. I went after him.
“Stop right there!” I yelled as I ran. He was faster than me because I always try to avoid stepping on public sidewalks. Our country needs a private-sidewalk voucher system, but, thanks to the incestuous interplay between our corrupt federal government and the public-sidewalk lobby, it will never happen.
I was losing him. “Listen, I’ll pay you to stop!” I yelled. “What would you consider an appropriate price point for stopping? I’ll offer you a thirteenth of an ounce of gold and a gently worn ‘Bob Barr ‘08’ extra-large long-sleeved men’s T-shirt!”
He turned. In his hand was a revolver that the Constitution said he had every right to own. He fired at me and missed. I pulled my own gun, put a quarter in it, and fired back. The bullet lodged in a U.S.P.S. mailbox less than a foot from his head. I shot the mailbox again, on purpose.
“All right, all right!” the man yelled, throwing down his weapon. “I give up, cop! I confess: I took the bitcoins.”
“Why’d you do it?” I asked, as I slapped a pair of Oikos™ Greek Yogurt Presents Handcuffs® on the guy.
“Because I was afraid.”
“Afraid of an economic future free from the pernicious meddling of central bankers,” he said. “I’m a central banker.”
I wanted to coldcock the guy. Years ago, a central banker killed my partner. Instead, I shook my head.
“Let this be a message to all your central-banker friends out on the street,” I said. “No matter how many bitcoins you steal, you’ll never take away the dream of an open society based on the principles of personal and economic freedom.”
He nodded, because he knew I was right. Then he swiped his credit card to pay me for arresting him.
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:55:09
I think you got a typo there, you probably mean 200k :p
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:52:14
Yeah, ETH is terribly clogged due to the crypto kitties craze.
But I HATE how clogging works on the ETH chain. Transactions disappear, you can't even tell if it worked or not, sometimes it SUDDENLY pops back up, sometimes the transaction disappears into nothingness, and then you sometimes try sending it again and it keeps disappearing, then SOME of the transactions suddenly reappears after an hour or two and after you've resent coins a few times...
At least on bitcoin, I can easily tell if my transaction is stuck. It's there, it doesn't pop in or out, and I can just do things like CPFP or RBF to push it through if I'm willing to pay the fee.
I've tried paying RIDICULOUSLY HIGH fees on ETH during some ICOs and I STILL couldn't get through.
@_date: 2017-12-29 16:31:17
It's "locked up" in a Lightning channel... which is probably connected to either merchants that accept bitcoin payments, or coin exchanges where you can trade your coins.
It's "locked up" in all the places you'd probably want to use it at...?
@_date: 2017-12-13 05:48:38
Original text is:


Using Bing Translate, there is no October, only Google Translate throws up October 13.
The article is dated today though. (shrug)
@_date: 2017-12-17 17:53:05


This is usually mentioned, but if you go to cfiresim or firecalc (tools commonly used on and run some numbers, you'll see that if you run 4% for 30 years, you'll come out at the end without depleting your capital like 95-96% of the time. If you look at the graphs of all the simulations, you'll also notice that there are only a few cases where you end up with about the same amount of money or less after the 30 years. **Most of the time you end up slightly richer**, or if you get lucky, much, much richer.
Unless you were to invest right before a massive market crash, but AFAIK the study also accounts for that which caused them to include the 30 year cap.
Of course, you can never really be 100% sure as everything seems bubbly right now, not only crypto, but even the stock market is at all-time highs it seems. But historically, you SHOULD be safe.
@_date: 2017-12-31 14:30:04
You can see in this [mempool viewer]( that over the past few days, the backlog of transactions with 100+ sat/B fee have been mostly cleared, and even transaction with a 70+ sat/B fee have also been mostly cleared within the past 24 hours.
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:42:07
I actually like Trezor more in this regard.
Not only is the software open-source, even the hardware is open-source.
Enough so that someone was able to even [build their own Trezor-clone, and run their own compiled copy of the Trezor firmware on it](
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:36:46
I've read of people doing arbitrage in Taiwan back when only Taiwan deposits were enabled for Bitfinex and there was a price spread.
Got their accounts frozen after a few large transfers tripped some alarms, just be aware.
@_date: 2017-12-19 06:35:56
Only incoming coins though, none outgoing.
Anyone can send coins to it (why they would do that though, I have no idea).
@_date: 2017-12-31 16:06:03
No they can't.
As I said, DNM users use exchanges as mixers.
If you don't know what DNM means, it's darknetmarket.
These are people buying drugs on the darkweb.
They send their coins to an exchange without KYC and withdraw their coins afterwards, because exchanges just pools all coins into their hot wallet, so there's no way to know who owns the coins going out.
That's what a bitcoin mixer does (if you don't know), and no-KYC foreign country exchanges (whose records cannot be seized by US authorities) are as good as mixers.
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:24:18
TrueCrypt and 7zip both use AES, and it's supposedly so secure that there's [the story where the FBI apparently tried to crack something AES-encrypted for 12 months and failed](
And apparently, [7zip's implementation is harder to brute-force because it uses a key-extension](
The TrueCrypt version you are talking about is 7.1a (which is what I personally use), and I prefer it over VeraCrypt because [it has been audited by a third-party](
Otherwise, if you are not using 7.1a, then I agree, VeraCrypt would be a good alternative.
Also, afaik quantum computing isn't a threat because of brute-forcing capabilities (otherwise, SHA-256 would be threatened), it's only a threat to ECDSA (because Shor's algorithm, which can compute private keys from public keys, needs to be implemented on a theoretical quantum computer).
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:18:08
If you pick a seller that doesn't require ID, you can do this entire thing anonymously.
I can make the bank deposit without even providing ID (or without even giving my name), most banks accept cash+deposit slip without any additional questions (unless you are depositing tens of thousands of dollars).
Although I've deposited even $10,000 in cash without any questions being asked.
The only thing that can be used to identify you is the CCTV footages of the bank (which they probably delete after a month, and really, who would be looking through those for small cash amounts and no fraud occurring).
@_date: 2017-12-08 08:50:18
Faucets are not worth it.
Each additional transaction input increases the transaction size in bytes, making the fees more expensive.
e.g. let's say you have a bitcoin address where you received a few sats 1000 times from faucets, then deposit 0.01 btc into that address.
It will cost like almost 1000x (rough estimate) in FEES to sweep that wallet, than if it only had the 0.01 btc deposit and none of the faucet payouts.
Values sent to you that are too low are called "unspendable dust" because fees needed to spend them is HIGHER than the actual coin value itself.
@_date: 2017-12-09 12:43:49
Are you daytrading BTC exclusively?
Or daytrading alts as well?
Also what's your strategy? Buy massive dips/panics? Scalping?
Just curious as I've tried daytrading and it's a bit of a hit-or-miss for me.
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:09:15
[My theory]( is the exact OPPOSITE of yours for one reason:
**"Institutional money" has deeper FIAT POCKETS than they have bitcoin pockets.**
In futures, for every short there is a long. And that long is also a "wall street fiat-powerhouse".
They can EASILY support the price with $ (and it is going to be a TINY % of their fiat), while the shorter CAN RUN OUT of coins to dump and CANNOT get more.
Once they run out of coins, they are SITTING DUCKS when it comes to price manipulation, and with small strategic fiat buys to push the price up, the long can COMPLETELY SLAUGHTER the short.
@_date: 2017-12-17 10:37:21
Is the 0.0041058 BTC in the unconfirmed transaction the coins you sent?
If yes, the fee you paid is 11.568 sat/B, which is abysmally low.
According to the [bitcoin fees site]( 120 sat/B should be enough to get confirmed within a reasonable time (an hour or so, maybe several), while &gt;60 sat/B should be the "non-urgent" option (which should still not end up stuck).
All you can do now is wait until your transaction disappears from the mempool, which will allow you to resend your coins again.
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:39:52
You are kinda ignoring my entire argument, which is that the OTHER SIDE (the LONG) will be supporting or even pumping the price.
@_date: 2017-12-19 07:01:37
...what is YouBit even?
Top 3 volume Korean exchanges are Bithumb, Coinone, and Korbit.
I've never even heard of this YouBit place?
Also, they lost only 17% of their coins according to your article?
Nicehash lost SO MUCH MORE in the recent hack (they lost EVERYTHING, 4700 btc), and it barely affected the price.
@_date: 2017-12-29 18:13:13
I was thinking a major use case of Lightning is sending across exchanges (e.g. from Coinbase, where most people get their bitcoins, to somewhere like Bittrex/Binance).
So I thought there needs to be a channel connecting Coinbase and Bittrex/Binance.
But I realized, you have to send it to a BTC receiving address you have on Bittrex/Binance.
But then, how would they distinguish coins from different users? Does Lightning have its own address system? But then, you'd still need different Lightning addresses for different users.... would that mean they can't all use the same channel?
Or is there a way to reuse the same channel for different users, and yet somehow distinguish their deposits?
**EDIT:** NVM, I figured it out. If you have a channel connected to both Coinbase and Binance/Bittrex, just withdraw to your own address via Lightning, then send it to the other exchange via Lightning. Solved.
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:46:49


They are completely isolated and cannot be accessed freely by the computer you connect them to.
What does this mean? If you connect it to a computer filled to the brim with viruses/malware, and send a transaction to a bitcoin address, it cannot steal your coins, or steal the coins you are sending. Because the entire transaction is created on the wallet (NOT the computer).
It cannot even spoof the address you are sending to, because it will appear on the display on the hw wallet (which the computer has no access to).
And it cannot force the wallet to do anything (e.g. send coins without you doing it yourself) because everything is hardwired to work with the hardware buttons on the device and nothing else.
So you can carry it around, connect it to ANY virus-filled computer you come across, and safely send coins with no worries.
**Compared to using a software wallet (e.g. Electrum), or using an exchange wallet (e.g. Coinbase, Blockchain.info)**, viruses are known to steal private keys, replace addresses in browsers, replace addresses you copy/paste in your clipboard, steal logins to exchange/wallet sites, etc. It's so bad, some people use a separate offline computer just to create their bitcoin transactions.
None of these are issues with a hw wallet.


Everything is open-source (afaik for the Trezor at least).
You can check the code for the software and compile it yourself.
As for the hardware, the specs are open-source as well. I've read someone post here how they built their own using the spec (it looked like a rag-and-tag thing, some chips soldered onto some oddly shaped PCB with the display, buttons and wires everywhere), compiled the Trezor firmware themselves, and it all worked.
@_date: 2017-12-24 13:55:16
That would be the centralized equivalent of whatever 2nd-layer solutions are trying right now.
But they'll probably have the following features/advantages as well:
- 1) Buying BTC via credit card (currently dominated by Coinbase). This is why they are the "on-ramp" to crypto for the average joe. Microsoft will probably have even more easy payment options than just credit cards (e.g. Paypal?)
- 2) Providing services to barred states (e.g. New York is not allowed in many exchanges, since they need a BitLicense. This is trivial to Microsoft). Globalization is their thing, they WILL want to be the monopoly WORLDWIDE. Wallet and exchange software might come BY DEFAULT in the next Windows.
- 3) Providing a MASSIVE array of altcoins (although this is the questionable, but this would destroy all competition). The GREATEST friction seen by most users in crypto IMO is in sending from bitcoin exchanges/online-wallets to altcoin exchanges like Binance/Bittrex/Polo.
  **These exchanges COULD have come up with their own 2nd-layer solution** (like how banks allow you to use your ATM card on any other bank's ATM for a fee), but it seems they enjoy having exorbitant fees for sending across these sites.
  If Microsoft offers a huge array of altcoins, it obsoletes most of these.
  They will have:
  - the benefit of having the highest volume (it's Microsoft's coin exchange after all)
  - the benefit of not having to pay exorbitant cross-exchange fees to trade altcoins (usually people buy using their credit card from Coinbase, then pay fees to send to Binance/Bittrex). But if you can buy and trade in the same place, you can avoid the on-chain fees.
  As to whether they'll add random shitcoins and also steal the market of places like Yobit and Cryptopia is questionable.
- 4) They can even offer a payment gateway (ala Bitpay). AND they can offer multiple options as well (direct to bank account ala USD, or into your "Microsoft coin wallet", probably autoconvert to the coin of your choice even). And this can even be an INSTANT PAYMENT, because of 
- 5) people will probably use them as an online wallet as well (most people just use Coinbase or Blockchain.info, or just leave their coins in exchanges, very few actually use paper/hardware wallets). Although if they get hacked, that MIGHT be a Mt.Gox level event if they hold that many coins (which they can mitigate by having most of it in cold storage). **So anyone who is a "Microsoft cryptowallet" user can probably INSTANTLY pay/send any other user who is a "Microsoft cryptowallet" user.**
It could end up as a centralized 2nd-layer on top of the decentralized cryptocurrency layer. And right now, I think it's inevitable, and I welcome our new overlords. :p
Although TBH, **I think it's either gonna be Google or Apple, and the wallet/exchange software is gonna come by default in every Android/iDevice**. And you can buy coins via any in-app purchase payment method (airtime credits, credit card, Paypal, iTunes/Google Play giftcards.....)
@_date: 2017-12-17 15:19:58
Damn, $1M is instant financial independence though.
If you throw that in index funds, ETFs, and the like, the [Trinity Study]( says the "safe withdrawal rate" is 4% annually.
So you could throw that into safe investments, and you are almost guaranteed to be able to safely withdraw $40000 annually (i.e. $3000 monthly completely as completely automatic income) for the rest of your life.
Even if I was like you and wanted to really help my family members, I'd still probably throw the $1M into index funds and the like, then just tell everyone I earn $40k annually, and not tell them about the $1M.
Then I can help them out from that (the $40k that I get effortlessly every year), while still being secure for life.
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:20:02
Personally, I'm not salty, I LOVE bitcoin success stories (or other types of where someone proves everyone wrong, or someone goes across "fuck you money" and drops a terrible job/boss).
But I love them even more (like 1000x more) when they're confirmed with proof.
FYI, your pic would not satisfy anyone. You can edit ANYTHING in a browser by right-clicking the text, choosing "Inspect Element", and editing the contents in the Inspector tab (10000x easier than photoshop).
An address-signed message is 100% cryptographically-backed proof that cannot be faked (assuming you understand what I mean, and keep track of your individual addresses, and have one that is already "unlinked" from the rest of your coins via being tumbled and already spent).
If you don't get what I mean, don't sweat it. It's a bit technical, and if you sign a message using your current wallet (with unspent coins), you risk people following around your transactions, among other security risks, and I REALLY don't recommend doing that just to prove a point.
@_date: 2017-12-31 15:18:24
I never said anything about bigger blocks, where did that even come from?
Personally, I'd like bigger blocks, but I don't really see it happening as it requires a hard fork. I don't want bitcoin to end up like Ethereum with a "Bitcoin Classic". The Bcash fiasco is bad enough.
And I don't really care if there are centralized solutions as long as they are built on a decentralized base layer. It's inevitable, private companies are gonna do it, no one can really do anything about it.
@_date: 2017-12-17 09:28:19


[3] Alt coins rise a BIT as people try to hedge into altcoins. This works for about 10-15% of the value (up to 20% for the top altcoins)... then everything bleeds along with bitcoin, usually bleeding even HARDER. This is what has ALWAYS happened in the past "bubble pops" of bitcoin (or just the massive dips).
Everything is anchored to BTC. If you wanted to cash out to USD, you usually have to go back to BTC (there are very few altcoins with an actual USD or USDT pairing, and the liquidity is still not comparable to BTC's).
BTC basically holds all the actual USD value in exchanges, so if a lot of that USD is being pulled out, alts cannot generate value out of thin air by rising themselves, rather they crash along with BTC as crypto's USD pool is reduced as a whole.
This is the reason that when BTC goes up, alts go down. Alts have to maintain parity with their USD price and not their BTC price, as all alts share the USD pool of the entirety of crypto (which is mostly tied to BTC), they can't maintain their value as that would be generating value out of thin air (they basically have a USD-valued marketcap which is maintained).
@_date: 2017-12-31 15:57:40
They can't do that. Exchanges are as good as mixers (and some DNM people actually use no-KYC exchanges for that).
Also, XMR is only necessary if you withdraw it off of Binance.
Otherwise, it is all off-chain and you don't get the benefit of XMR's untraceability.
You actually need to withdraw to an XMR wallet and send to another XMR address in order to be untraceable.
Otherwise, you don't really have XMR, you just have numbers on your screen saying Binance owes you X amount of XMR.
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:13:54
I personally use only the "bank deposit" option.
Zero-risk of being mugged or scammed.
- You initiate a buy,
- the site stores the bitcoins you are buying from the seller in "escrow" (i.e. the seller no longer has them, the site is holding the coins as a mediator),
- then you have a window-period to deposit the cash into the seller's bank account (depending on the seller, it can be as short as 30 minutes, or as long as 6-12 hours).
- then you upload a picture of the deposit slip, and the seller releases the coins from escrow.
If the seller tries to scam you, you call in an arbitration, the site's arbitrator sees the chat history (which verifies the bank details were correctly provided by the seller) and the picture of the deposit slip, and you will win 99.99% of the time.
No risk of being scammed, no meetups with someone who will mug you, 100% safe.
@_date: 2017-12-31 04:49:05
You don't actually "send the bitcoin out through the internet".
It just goes from one address to another.
There was never even any indication that the bitcoin came from China. Bitcoins aren't exactly located anywhere on earth, they're just in an address. And you can access that address anywhere.
@_date: 2017-12-16 16:30:07
Take your paper wallet private key (or Trezor seed words), encrypt in on something like a TrueCrypt partition or using 7-zip's AES encryption option (and do this on an offline computer if possible).
Then keep 2 copies of the encrypted file (like in 2 different USBs) at 2 DIFFERENT LOCATIONS (e.g. at home and at a parent's house).
- That way, you are protected from things like your house burning down.
- And since it's encrypted, you don't have to worry about a thief (who knows about bitcoin paper wallets) breaking into your house and finding it. If one of the USBs goes missing, sweep it all into a new wallet (in case the person who found it is actually good enough to try to brute-force decrypt it, which will take time).
- And since it's all offline, no viruses/malware/hackers can get to it.
Also, the main selling point of a hardware wallet is that you can connect it to any virus-and-malware-filled computer and safely send coins. Because things are hardwired to require the manual hardware buttons (so viruses cannot programmatically do actions for you), and everything shows up on the device display (so they can't spoof addresses) and transactions are signed ON the device and your keys never leave it (so your coins should NEVER be exposed to any risk).
If you have the seed words encrypted in 2 locations, and carry the Trezor with you:
- you can recover your wallet anytime without worries of losing it,
- and you can also use your coins ANYTIME ANYWHERE.
All you need to defend against then is the $5 wrench "hack" (which can be solved by having a decoy passphrase with a small amount of coins in it, like $100-200 worth).
If you REALLY don't trust the firmware and hardware to have zero exploits, you can have 3 wallets (each having it's own passphrase):
- cold wallet (where most your coins are)
- hot wallet (having like 5-10% of your coins, for easy access ANYWHERE)
- decoy wallet (for the $5 wrench attack)
So if the firmware/hardware actually has a virus vulnerability, you only lose the hot wallet contents. And you still have the same seed words securely backed up in encrypted locations.
@_date: 2017-12-27 08:19:20


I personally think the BEST use case of a hardware wallet is when on vacation.
You can connect it to ANY computer filled to the brim with viruses and malware, and you can still reliably send coins out without risking any viruses stealing your coins or your private key. That is THE BEST selling point of these hardware wallets, they are VIRUS-proof and malware-proof. ANY computer is safe to use them on.
If you ever lose your cash or something in a remote place in the middle of nowhere, you can use still cash out some coins at any computer shop using a local exchange or sell to a localbitcoins buyer, etc.
@_date: 2017-12-07 05:38:18
Personally, I think if bitcoin hits 1T or 10T market cap, it has become a reliable store-of-value like gold (which has around an [8T market cap](
Even if the plans of making it an actual currency (i.e. via Lightning) haven't properly panned out yet, and the grandiose visions of people where it destabilizes banks or the USD, and becomes a world currency, haven't come true, reaching that level imo means it has reached the same level of confidence as gold as a store-of-value.
I mean, gold is not really a proper currency anymore, you can't really buy things in stores using gold coins. But people still buy and store them as an alternative store-of-value.
Gold is quite speculative as well, but I think bitcoin can at least reach that level (and possibly even further if the promises of Lightning to have low-fee, instant transactions, comes true)
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:40:14
My theory [(Bitcoin-futures shorters will get SLAUGHTERED)](  
is the exact OPPOSITE of yours for one reason:
**"Institutional money" has deeper FIAT POCKETS than they have bitcoin pockets.**
In futures, for every short there is a long. And that long is also a "wall street fiat-powerhouse".
They can EASILY support the price with $ (and it is going to be a TINY % of their fiat), while the shorter CAN RUN OUT of coins to dump and CANNOT get more.
Once they run out of coins, they are SITTING DUCKS when it comes to price manipulation, and with small strategic fiat buys to push the price up, the long can COMPLETELY SLAUGHTER the short.
@_date: 2017-12-13 04:48:16
AFAIK it's incentivized, you get the fees from transactions you route.
At least, that is what Andreas said in one of his videos about Lightning (that is also where I got the "Lightning is Bitcoin's proof-of-stake" thing, I just copied what he said).
@_date: 2017-12-28 09:05:48
It's not about bitcoin.
If you go to the subreddit and ask about finding news articles posted there 6 months ago, it doesn't make it about news.
Or if you go to the subreddit and ask about finding posts about scientific discoveries posted there 6 months ago, it doesn't make it about science.
Or if you go to the subreddit and ask about finding sports events posted there 6 months ago, it doesn't make it about sports.
This is asking how reddit works, and is off-topic. I suggest you learn how reddit works and how the rules work.
If you have a question about using reddit, try @_date: 2017-12-15 12:42:02
Selling when it dips/crashes?
That's a terrible way to trade, don't sell low.
Then it bounces back up to $10-15k+ and you'll be fomo buying... buy high sell low LOL.
@_date: 2017-12-02 13:39:17
Trading =/= Investing
If you are **investing**, I recommend following the common advice on or which is to invest in proven long-term investments like index funds and ETFs.
Don't take offense from what I said, a LOT of people suck at **trading**. Timing the market is HARD. 
Which is why people are usually recommended to **invest** in things like index funds (which historically go up over the long-term) instead of gambling via **trading**.
There are trading geniuses like Steven Dux (who turned $27,000 to $900,000+ in 1 year), but that's the exception not the rule. MOST people will just lose money trying to time the market.
And I personally have made good PAPER gains as well due to the insane crypto bull market recently, BUT I acknowledge that this is just PURE speculation. This is NOT investing in the classic sense (although you can say I am investing in the technology and the network).
Bitcoin at this point is basically gambling. 1000% gains in 9 months is VERY dangerous territory, dips can be MASSIVE. And I don't mean 30% dips. Remember, in the past, bitcoin dipped from $1300 down to $100. This is as VOLATILE as it gets. But of course, I'm still one of those hoping for 6-digit-dollar BTC prices.
@_date: 2017-12-28 10:02:59
I WAS trying to fucking help you.
I directed you to I was honestly trying to explain to you how you were originally off-topic.
But you fucking called me ignorant out of nowhere, REFUSING to even accept how you were wrong, even when FOUR DIFFERENT PEOPLE pointed out to you that your ORIGINAL question was NOT about bitcoin.
Fucking morons like you can NEVER accept when they're wrong, instead you lashed out at me so don't fucking call me anything, you TOTALLY FUCKING deserved it. Can't even accept your mistake and instead you fucking attacked everyone who corrected you like a TOTAL RETARD.
I ALREADY told you the answer, GOOGLE IT. I can find ANY OLD REDDIT POST via Google, do you even know how to filter by date on Google? Fucking moron too stupid to use the tools in front of you and you blame everyone else for it?
I tried to help you, but YOU are the one being a fucking piece of shit. Can't see when people are trying to help you, can't admit it when you're wrong. Fucking retard, learn how to interact with people instead of acting high and mighty, like you're never wrong, when you're obviously a blithering moron.
@_date: 2017-12-15 05:51:28
Copy-pasting my reply [here](


They are completely isolated and cannot be accessed freely by the computer you connect them to.
What does this mean? If you connect it to a computer filled to the brim with viruses/malware, and send a transaction to a bitcoin address, it cannot steal your coins, or steal the coins you are sending. Because the entire transaction is created on the wallet (NOT the computer).
It cannot even spoof the address you are sending to, because it will appear on the display on the hw wallet (which the computer has no access to).
And it cannot force the wallet to do anything (e.g. send coins without you doing it yourself) because everything is hardwired to work with the hardware buttons on the device and nothing else.
So you can carry it around, connect it to ANY virus-filled computer you come across, and safely send coins with no worries.
**Compared to using a software wallet (e.g. Electrum), or using an exchange wallet (e.g. Coinbase, Blockchain.info)**, viruses are known to steal private keys, replace addresses in browsers, replace addresses you copy/paste in your clipboard, steal logins to exchange/wallet sites, etc. It's so bad, some people use a separate offline computer just to create their bitcoin transactions.
None of these are issues with a hw wallet.
So it would probably great in a scenario where you are going to another country for vacation or whatnot. You could lose all your belongings (except your HW wallet, of course), and you could still access your money on any public computer with no worries.
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:30:23
When you use bitcoin, you yourself are already a bank.
You can send money and receive money from/to anyone in the world, and you can store your wealth securely.
In addition, you gain the benefit of decentralization (so that no one can freeze your account or seize your assets), and protection from practices that can steal your savings' value (like inflation, or worse, hyperinflation, like in Venezuela and Zimbabwe), or just plain lose your money (e.g. bank runs, where banks are using fractional-reserve banking).
Bitcoin is guaranteed NOT to inflate, and you as a bank are guaranteed not to be a fractional-reserve.
If you switch to a fiat counterpart (even if supposedly backed by bitcoin), you re-expose yourself to these risks. A fractional-reserve bank can have a bank run and then the FDIC will only reimburse you the "maximum insured amount", or the country printing these "btc-backed" fiat bills may hyperinflate it, and people realize it's not really backed, the currency loses it's peg to bitcoin, and the exchange rate crashes.
Of course, your idea isn't exactly a bad idea for a government or central bank. If it happens that bitcoin becomes a mainstream currency, as dominant as the USD (or even taking over it), they can reintroduce the "gold-backed currency" concept, using bitcoin this time around, in order to once again abuse things like inflation and fractional-reserve banking.
And people who find paper bills more convenient (especially in poorer countries where internet-capable gadgets are not easily obtained, or internet access is hard to come by), they might fall into the trap.
In which case, it will be a ticking time bomb, until faith in the currency is lost (due to inflation) or a bank run occurs (due to fractional-reserve banking), and the people who use these systems will be the victims.
Disclaimer: I have no real economic knowledge/experience, all of this I just learned from reading this subreddit, so I may be way off and completely wrong. Also, I'm not sure how Lightning changes the "no internet" scenario (if it can even prevent offline double-spends), since I have very little knowledge on it, but I recall reading something that allows it to somewhat handle that scenario.
This kind of question, imo, would be great in a conference where is speaking, I'd think he'd come up with a 1000x better answer that covers all bases, and is more concise and easier to understand.
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:02:37
Altcoin (and altcoin trading) discussion is usually not allowed in Try and and @_date: 2017-12-25 15:59:05
 was NEVER really an issue regarding scalability.
- From Luke-Jr (bitcoin dev):
  
    &gt;  storage isn't really an issue since you can just prune
  
    &gt; When was blockchain storage ever an issue?
- From other users:
  -
 
    &gt; Do you know how many of those 6000 nodes are connected to the internet via 
    &gt;10Mbps connection? Storage is not a problem, bandwidth it is.
    (posted in a thread about 16TB SSDs, 2 years ago)
This post explains the issue easily:


Here are **RECENT** REAL-LIFE examples of running into this issue:
- US - [This post]( which links to this:
  
  &gt; Right now I can't run a 1mb node from my metropolitan US city. The bandwidth needed is too much, I'd have to pay $40/mo to upgrade for it. Block size increases would kick even more off the network and make it centralized.
- Australia - 
  &gt; some guys in Australia have been reporting that it's becoming challenging running a full node. Not because of storage, but because of bandwith. And Australia is a first world country!!!
- Actual bandwidth usage 10 months ago (BEFORE the huge spike in network traffic):
  
  **(40-50 GB per day on average)**
 is all with 1 MB blocks.
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:39:11
Wow, the block rewards for [block  went to the address 1**HLoD**...
...close enough.
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:01:57
You missed the entire point of the last reply I made, which is WIDESPREAD adoption.
i.e. with widespread adoption, the price WILL skyrocket to 6+ digits, and the fees ALSO skyrockets as more people try to outbid each other.
That post is basically just planning what will happen if a certain crypto becomes a world currency (i.e. the pipe-dream of overthrowing the banks).
So I'm not interested in short term solutions, as you see I was talking about what the USD value of 250 sat/B is at $100,000++ per coin.
In WORLDWIDE adoption scenario, no blocks are big enough, and the coin's value is at LEAST 6 digits, so fees like 250 sat/B are ridiculous.
I'm just thinking of "what if..." scenarios in that specific post, and not a short-term solution.
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:04:13
YOU would. And most people here would too, considering how low we got it compared to that...
But since value that most likely means mass-adoption, the question is: would the late adopters be willing to do so? Because that becomes a major barrier for adoption.
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:52:10
In my most recent comments in this post, I am imagining a scenario of WORLDWIDE adoption.
i.e. with widespread adoption, the price WILL skyrocket to 6+ digits, and the fees ALSO skyrockets as more people try to outbid each other.
This is basically just planning what will happen if a certain crypto becomes a world currency (i.e. the pipe-dream of overthrowing the banks).
Imagine if bitcoin becomes a world-currency, blocks will ALWAYS be full. And if it comes to such widespread adoption, 6-digit value is a low range, so fees like 250 sat/B become ridiculously overpriced (if measured in fiat value), and MORE people will be trying to outbid each other on fees.
So my conclusion is that it can never be completely supported on-chain as a world currency, it has to be an off-chain 2nd layer solution. Lightning is actually the best solution imo.
@_date: 2017-12-26 10:28:56
I'm not really a believer of decentralized exchanges yet.
Decentralized exchange-&gt;fiat involves a fiat gateway (e.g. on WAVES, it's STILL centralized USD gateways), OR users/agents who are actually buying the coins for USD (i.e. peer-to-peer ala Localbitcoins).
Crypto-&gt;Crypto is still currently ALL on-chain, for both coins. It's not INSTANT unlike on a centralized exchange, and you have to pay the miner fee (so it's not like centralized exchanges which is usually fixed at 0.25% market taker, and even FREE for market makers).
Maybe when Lightning is implemented, then we can have INSTANT atomic swaps on lightning nodes that support it (e.g. bitcoin&lt;&gt;litecoin) with MINIMAL fees, only then can I see decentralized exchanges competing with centralized exchanges.
But fiat is still going to be centralized. Fiat is too regulated (KYC, AML, limits, requiring source of income documents, etc.), it ALWAYS has to go through the banking system (unless it's peer-to-peer, but that's not gonna work for large amounts). Maybe USDT? :p that's the closest you can get. And it's STILL centralized (Tether/Finex)
@_date: 2017-12-31 13:56:38
The [mempool]( is now almost clear of 100+ sat/B transactions and even 70+ sat/B transactions are almost cleared up as well.
At the basic LEGACY (non-SegWit) transaction size of 226 bytes, a 100 sat/B transaction would cost about $3 (and a 70 sat/B transaction about $2).
I mean, sure, last week or the week before, where nothing below 800 sat/B was going through, and most were putting in fees of 1000 sat/B, the $20 minimum fee was true.
But CURRENTLY at least, that's not the case anymore (even without using SegWit addresses). Maybe when the mempool clogs again, but right now, no.
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:28:55
Yeah, I'm of the opinion that it's actually EASIER to pump than to dump, because these guys have bottomless sources of fiat, they might even have methods to create money from thin-air, ala fractional-reserve banking.
Whereas coins are a limited scarce resource, and once you dump it, it's gone.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:38:50
From this post of mine, I managed to come to the resolution that on-chain is impossible to support permanently if the crypto will become massively adopted, without the fee going insane.
- **fees will keep increasing as more people adopt the coin**. To go first, people will keep bidding higher fees against each other, so some people put in 80 sat/B txs, those who want to go faster put in 100 sat/B, those who want to be first do 150 sat/B, then 200 sat/B, then exchanges like Bittrex will do 400 sat/B just to be always first etc.
- **price will keep increasing as more people adopt the coin**. That's how a market works. It will go to 6 digits if it is MASSIVELY adopted WORLDWIDE.
With these two things combined: fees will just keep on increasing and increasing until it gets too expensive. Because most exchanges used to use 250 sat/B at $1000/coin for withdrawals, and it's still 250 sat/B at $10,000, and if it is still at 250 sat/B at $100,000... that's 100x the fee (in USD) than it was back at $1000/coin.
So I'm starting to understand how much 2nd-layer solutions like Lightning might be needed.
Exchanges might realize they are OVERPAYING a LOT if most of the transactions move off the chain they are overpaying on.
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:32:00
I imagine it's available only to a few people/organizations who have the setup for it.
e.g. if you have a relative in Korea who is banked there, and you are in the US, you can do it that way (although you'll probably get your accounts frozen after a few huge transfers, this is what usually happened when people in Taiwan arb'ed the spread back in March).
There might be better scenarios (e.g. same as the above, but you both have businesses and bank accounts registered to those businesses, in which case you have MUCH higher limits than personal accounts).
@_date: 2017-12-08 06:20:26
The market cap is so low (currently $268B) that "whales" with a decently sized amount of BTC to dump, or USD to pump, make huge waves in the market.
Compared with gold, whose marketcap is at around $8T, so it's much harder to make massive waves in the market.
As bitcoin adoption increases and the marketcap gets bigger, less and less "whales" will be able to make huge effects on the market.
@_date: 2017-12-08 10:08:38
This rise is unprecedented so I cannot make any recommendations as to whether to buy or not.
Mining bitcoin directly is impractical, besides needing to buy an ASIC, there's electricity, cooling and all that.
A lot of other people mine altcoins, some I know just use their gaming rig (but they have good GPUs like a 1070 TI). Then they join a mining pool that pays them in BTC for selling their hashpower (which is used to mine altcoins, which are sold by the pool for BTC). Although it's something like $20 per month for a really high end gaming PC.
But it seems to be the best method right now if you don't want to actually spend your cash to buy coins.
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:20:17
True, but I was referring to the exact "bubble" during [this post]( where HODL originated.
@_date: 2017-12-24 17:31:28


1. How exactly would you enforce this? You can't control what people buy, not even with fiat/USD. And bitcoin is supposed to be uncensorable, so if they decide to buy fiat/USD with their coin, then no one should be able to stop them.
2. When you say "trade for a coin", it means you bought it, and for every buyer, there is a seller.
You have to understand, bitcoin is based on game-theory. e.g. it assumes everyone cannot be trusted, and everyone would cheat everyone else if they can profit. It's centered on the fact that human behavior is self-centered.
This "game-theory" thing normally is brought up when discussing mining and mining rewards and fees, but it also applies here...distribution and adoption.
Bitcoin was made as deflationary, meaning it has a limited supply. This is double featured.
1. It prevents fiat tricks of printing money out of thin air (e.g. central banks operating out of debt, printing more money/inflation, fractional-reserve banking) etc... which is good, BUT since we are talking about adoption, the 2nd feature of being deflationary is more relevant:
2. Limited supply vs. Infinite demand (over infinite time, with an infinite future population). This ensures the price will keep rising, drawing more and more people in due to speculation. Until distribution has risen to the point of mass-adoption.
And then we have introduced to the world an uncensorable currency and store of value. One where your funds cannot be seized or frozen, where value cannot be stolen from you via inflation, one where you can send any amount anywhere without having to explain yourself above certain thresholds, it is money without borders.
It is a game-theory trick. Draw them in with large gains, until it becomes too big to fail. When the market starts pricing goods in bitcoin instead of fiat, price discovery via fiat trading is over, it will be the opposite then, the market will adjust all good prices to bitcoin instead.
It's a perfect plan...was a perfect plan, except blockchain can't handle global scaling in it's current form. But once Lightning comes, we'll finally get over that roadblock and eventually see whether this idea can work in that form.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:02:24
I tried to think that scenario through [here]( but the gist of it is:






@_date: 2017-12-19 06:41:00
If I created bitcoin, with a goal so grand that I expect it to overthrow all banks and become a world currency, I would have a different goal.
I'd most probably fake my own death, wait until bitcoin becomes a core component of society, and then show up with my million bitcoins.
At that point, "crashing the price" would not even be a realistic concern anymore. And with a million bitcoins, you would rule the world.
Also tagging since this seemed to be a conversation between you two.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:50:08
It was a problem in the last few weeks, where nothing below 800 sat/B was going through, and most were putting in fees of 1000 sat/B, and so $20 was the minimum fee.
But the [mempool]( is now almost clear of 100+ sat/B transactions and even 70+ sat/B transactions are almost cleared up as well.
At the basic LEGACY (non-SegWit) transaction size of 226 bytes, a 100 sat/B transaction would cost about $3 (and a 70 sat/B transaction about $2).
I think it's more of people seeing "such a cheap coin" in the top 3 coins, not having any idea about market cap or supply, etc. Just some newbies thinking a top coin that was under $1 could go become the next $13000-16000 coin.
And tbh, I keep seeing it being mentioned everywhere as if there was an active social media campaign for it.
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:13:59
The thing is, bitcoin is supposed to be disruptive technology.
It's the "internet of money".
In the same way media and social networks were made possible by the internet, and the media as the world knew it was changed completely, and now things like Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter are huge parts of people's lives, when you would never imagine such a thing back before the internet.
Bitcoin's goal was (and still is) to become a global currency, free from borders and control, usable by anyone, anywhere in the world, to send to anyone else in the world, instantly.
It's supposed to change how money works in the world, and completely revolutionize it.
And **just like how people don't understand how the internet works, but still use it**, the idea behind bitcoin is the same.
The deflationary model will have the price continually rising, and people will be buying in due to human nature, regardless if they understand it or not. Until mass adoption is reached, and you never have to "cash out" because bitcoin is now accepted in the whole world as "cash".
As [one redditor put it](


@_date: 2017-12-10 00:29:27
Please do an update, if you guys get-together this Christmas.
I don't know why, but I really wanna know their reactions. :p
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:13:56
I like how your post is made more than mine.
Mine was poorly made and is a perfect target for "larger-block arguments".
Yours literally takes the minimum fee (1 sat/B) and shows the problem with that as the price increases up to $100k, EMPHASIZING that off-chain solutions (like Lightning) is BETTER.
@_date: 2017-12-02 04:29:14
1 million per BTC = $21 trillion market cap
(since there will only be 21 million bitcoins ever mined)
Based on [this visualization of the world's money]( seems unlikely as it would have to replace MOST of the physical money in the world (stated in the image as $31T).
If it matches the gold market cap though (since many people consider it "digital gold" and use it similarly as a store-of-value) at $8.2T, it places each bitcoin at $390k (computed from 21 million possible bitcoins ever).
That's going to take quite a while though (if bitcoin will actually ever replace or match gold as a store-of-value).
@_date: 2017-12-31 22:29:01
No, a transaction is a set of inputs mapped to a set of outputs.
And inputs are taken from outputs of previous transactions.
There is really no concept of an address holding a balance in the blockchain, just a chain of transactions where the output of a transaction becomes the input of another transaction.
In order to show you an address's balance, the wallet actually just looks for all unspent transaction outputs to your address (UTXOs) and adds them up.
@_date: 2017-12-20 13:51:11
Why would they need time to get out though?
They can just send all their UTXO in a transaction or two into the exchange, pay something ridiculous like 500-1000 sat/B, and they should be in a position to dump within the next block.
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:58:11
Well, you're a minor, but be careful, people selling coins on LocalBitcoins have been arrested for not being a registered "money transmitter", for which you need an MSB (Money Service Business) License, and have to do procedures like KYC and AML reporting. And depending on your state, you might also need other licenses (e.g. BitLicense in New York, which involves a $5000 non-refundable application fee, plus legal fees on top of that).
Although there is a threshold before they start paying attention to you, legally it says it's $1000:


I mean, sure, right now it's just $100 here and there, but if it catches on, you should know what the law says about it.
@_date: 2017-12-02 06:50:29
Try trading a bit.
It's easy to make an account on Bittrex, Poloniex, or somewhere similar.
Then you'll have a better understanding how exchanges work.


Then the exchange will match your market sell to the existing buy orders.
- Let's say the top buy order is priced at $1050/BTC for 3 BTC.
- Then the next order is priced at $1049/BTC for 2 BTC.
- Then the next order is priced at $1048/BTC for 4 BTC.
- Then the next order is priced at $1047/BTC for 3 BTC.
Your 11 BTC market sell will completely fill the buy orders priced at $1050 (for 3 btc), $1049 (for 2 btc), $1048 (for 4 btc).
Then partially fill the buy order priced at $1047 (for 2 btc, leaving their order with 1 remaining BTC to be filled).
So you'll earn 1050x3 + 1049x2 + 1048x4 + 1047x2 = $11534 for the 11 bitcoins you sold.
This is why selling brings down the price, and buying increases the price.
If you sell, the exchange will match your sold coins to the top priced buy order, and keep matching it down the order book, arranged via bid price in descending order.
And if you buy, the exchange will sell you the coins from the sell orders placed by the other people, from the cheapest coins upwards, until your order is complete.
The "spot price" is just the last price a trade was completed at.
You DON'T get to sell everything at THAT price.
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:25:41
No one probably knows how it will end up working because this is supposed to be "disruptive tech".
Like back when everyone just watched TV and the internet came along, no one would have predicted the level that social media has currently reached, or stuff like people finding lifelong-partners "staring at a screen" (i.e. online dating).
Before smartphones, no one would expect that society would evolve (devolve?) into a bunch of people looking down at a small gadget all day, and families can't even talk to each other around the dinner table, everyone too busy with their phones.
This is uncharted territory and no one knows what will happen.
Personally, I like the "time-traveler's story" here:
Gonna get me a nice pad in a Citadel. XD
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:25:40
RemindMe! 2 days "@_date: 2017-12-02 14:03:58
So, have you talked to him about bitcoin recently?
Or showed him this email?
Would love to know his reaction. :p
@_date: 2017-12-31 14:08:59
Any blockchain-based currency is infeasible for real businesses to use at a global scale.
It's been basically proven that blockchain cannot scale to worldwide usage.
Even ETH had problems with the cryptokitties craze, or even just during in-demand ICOs. And their problems are worse, transactions just plain disappear, and even worse, sometimes reappear and sometimes don't ever come back, making it very undeterministic.
I don't think even DAG can work when scaled to billions of transactions daily (and all DAG coins have problems, like IOTA's coordinator centralization, or Raiblocks' theoretical cheap spam attack freezing the network).
**An off-chain 2nd-layer solution (like Lightning)** or centralized 2nd-layers (like exchanges [Bittrex,Binance,Polo,etc], Coinbase, BitPay, having their own network ala Visa/Mastercard) **seem to be the only real solutions.**
@_date: 2017-12-28 01:33:26


This is the idea, yes. Blockchain, in its current form, cannot handle global scaling (i.e. the original concept of becoming the world currency). EVERY transaction would be on-chain, not just coffees, even just a parent giving daily allowance to their kid; or several people eating out chipping in to split the bill would need ONE transaction EACH.
This is highly unsustainable in a global scenario.
The concept of Lightning is you open one channel (or a couple), and you can keep it open for years or more even, and it keeps all micro-transactions off-chain.


You cannot introduce new coins, and you cannot double-spend.
No one can steal your coins either because you can close the channel anytime. It is all cryptographically secure and trustless.


Think of it this way:
You open a channel to StarBucks. Now you can pay ANYONE else who has a channel open to StarBucks.
One of those people has a channel open to McDonalds.
Now, you can pay McDonalds, and ANYONE who has a channel open to McDonalds. And some of those people probably have channels open to WalMart, or maybe these establishments have channels open to each other.
It will basically become a global network of payment channels. You most likely would never need more than one channel, and you'd probably not even want to close it for a very long time.
But new coins are STILL only introduced via the main chain, and you can always close your channel to get your coins back.
@_date: 2017-12-31 11:25:26
A blockchain is just a decentralized database. One that no one controls.
If it's not decentralized, why bother with a blockchain? Just use a database.
Why bother with anonymous/pseudonymous cryptocurrency, with the public/private-key addressing scheme? Just identify users via email address+password. It's a centralized database anyway, you have control.
And why bother with slow block times with mining, just verify everything instantly with your server.
Then people can trade your "coins" or use them for payment on your site (e.g. Amazon, like your example).
Then you just accept bitcoin as another "payment method".
An implementation that used to do that is btc-e codes (not sure if it's still a thing nowadays with wex.nz), they're basically single-use "gift certificates", codes that are redeemable for BTC on the exchange.
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:52:11
Also, I found someone else building their own Trezor clone here:
It's not the post I was talking about (this one seems to be built much cleaner), but in his next post, it seems it was really built from Trezor's "open-source hardware" specs:
The next blog post in that link has a link to the actual spec, in this post here:
@_date: 2017-12-10 08:30:16
Sure, some alts have superior technology.
Some have smart-contracts, some are untraceable with ring-signatures or zero-knowledge proofs, some are instant with non-blockchain tech (like DAGs), some have different security models like proof-of-stake, some claim to have a specific use-case, and some just have bigger blocks.
But the fact of the matter is, currently, all infrastructure is built around bitcoin. Bitcoin is king (for now). If bitcoin rallies in price, all the alts crash because everyone wants to go back to bitcoin for the ride. And now that bitcoin price is going down hard, almost all alts are bleeding along with it. People TRIED to hedge into alts to protect themselves from the value going down, but that only worked for a bit.
Almost all exchanges only have bitcoin trading pairs. If you have to cash out to USD, you usually have to go back to BTC.
The major USD stash of exchanges (which is used to cash out of crypto) is mostly tied to bitcoin.
If some other alt is going to take over, it's going to be a slow process. Sure, some alts already have their own USD/USDT trading pairs, that's a start.
But until many services start popping up for that "flippening alt" (like major exchanges that offer lots of direct trading pairs, major USD liquidity, bitcoin ATMs, the massive hashpower/network size), it's gonna be quite a while.
And just seeing how clogged some other networks get just from a single game craze about kitties, I don't really think the other alts are so far ahead of bitcoin, offering so much that they can take over.
Rootstock and Lightning are here, after all.
All we need is a fungibility improvement, and if all of these get implemented before any alt takes over, they're gonna get crushed as they are considered "obsoleted by bitcoin".
@_date: 2017-12-29 17:51:20
Historically, BTC always takes everything down with it every time the "bubble popped".
Whenever BTC crashes hard, altcoins first rise a BIT as people try to hedge into altcoins. This works for about 10-15% of the value (up to 20% for the top altcoins)... then once the traders pumping it run out, everything bleeds along with bitcoin, usually bleeding even HARDER. Because these are only the traders who were ALREADY into crypto pumping the alts, there is almost no new USD capital coming in (which mostly has to go in via BTC). This is what has ALWAYS happened in the past "bubble pops" of bitcoin (or just the massive dips).
Everything is anchored to BTC. If you wanted to cash out to USD, you usually have to go back to BTC (there are very few altcoins with an actual USD or USDT pairing, and the liquidity is still not comparable to BTC's).
And even altcoins with a USD pairing, people will still be trying to escape the BTC-paired market as the USD values goes down, and arbitrageurs will then crash the USD-paired market of the altcoin as well.
BTC basically holds all the actual USD value in exchanges, so if a lot of that USD is being pulled out, alts cannot generate value out of thin air by rising themselves, rather they crash along with BTC as crypto's USD pool is reduced as a whole.
This is the reason that when BTC goes up, alts go down. Alts have to maintain parity with their USD price and not their BTC price, as all alts share the USD pool of the entirety of crypto (which is mostly tied to BTC), they can't maintain their value as that would be generating value out of thin air (they basically have a USD-valued marketcap which is maintained).
The only reasons to go into altcoins are:
- trading (to get more BTC, because if you are just looking at USD, you better make sure your trades are beating BTC's growth rate or you are wasting your time)
- or assuming it will grow faster than BTC (e.g. be the next Ethereum)
A "flippening" will not happen without first destroying the entire crypto space, as BTC is the backbone.
@_date: 2017-12-17 13:34:40
[But you CAN eat bitcoins](
@_date: 2017-12-26 17:04:58
I think that if it had hit 100k, it would mean Lightning has arrived on mainnet, and is working perfectly. If that's the case, a LOT of alts would CRASH hard \*coughbcashcough\*. Maybe the DAG coins as well, and coins commonly used to transfer due to low fees (e.g. LTC)
But of course, if you're just speculating/trading, small market cap coins are always where the huge moves are. Just like penny stocks, high volatility=huge gains (or losses)
@_date: 2017-12-17 16:13:02
The Trinity study already accounts for inflation, it says that your retirement portfolio should return more than 4% to account for withdrawing in a down market. The oft-quoted 7% is real, or after inflation.
Also, if you are married, you can earn $96,000 with no taxes if most of your income comes from long term capital gains (Long Term Capital gains are taxed at 0% up to $75,300 + Standard Deduction for married couple: $12,600 + Personal Exemption X 2: $4,050 X 2 = $9,100).
If you are single, you can earn $48,000 with no taxes (Long Term Capital gains are taxed at 0% up to $37,650 + Standard Deduction: $6,300 + Personal Exemption: $4,050)
You qualify for Long Term Capital gains if you are holding the asset for more than 12 months (which is SHORT considering I was talking about being set for life).
The only thing he'd really have to worry about is how he came about the $1M (which will dictate how that will be taxed).
@_date: 2018-08-18 17:06:09


How exciting :p
I did RBF with Shapeshift last year, and it wasn't detected properly (not sure if that is still the case now). Didn't enjoy it as much. Had to contact support to get it back.
@_date: 2018-05-13 02:28:54
Super positive on bitcoin: he was holding some bitcoins
Now wants to short bitcoin: he probably sold below the current price. EVERY nocoiner I've seen that have sold all their coins seem to behave like this, they hate it when it's above their sell price. Then they gloat if it's below their sell price (and haven't rebought yet).
@_date: 2018-05-17 16:35:05
If you look at the sidebar, you can see the list of moderators. The top moderator, MemoryDealers, is Roger Ver.
So he owns not only  and bitcoin.com, but he also  has top-mod powers in @_date: 2018-05-15 16:28:58
Bitnovo: "nope, these are mine now"
@_date: 2017-03-19 23:58:58
As a newbie, I'd like to know, what was the price of bitcoin back then?
@_date: 2017-03-09 22:03:05
This sounds really hard to pull off, you'd need consensus among the other miners to attack BU. That's not happening.
But here's another idea:
Wasn't there once an instance where all BU nodes were banned for 24 hours? Because there was a bug that caused a 1.1 MB block, which all BU nodes happily accepted and broadcasted (because BU accepts blocks &gt;1MB unlike core, since that's their thing.... that's their ONLY thing).
I just looked it up right now, and found [this](


Can't someone create a "trojan miner" that mines &gt;1MB blocks and broadcasts it to BU nodes?
Then they'll all shoot themselves in the foot and ban themselves for 24 hours.
In this case, you don't need consensus across miners. You just need enough hashpower to mine a single block (the "trojan" block) once every 24 hours.
Then they'll have no choice but to switch back to core if they want to avoid getting hit by the miner mining "trojan blocks".
@_date: 2017-03-18 03:33:01
Just a few weeks ago, Ethereum was $13.
Now it's at $45.
More than tripled... imagine if that happened with bitcoin, that's like going from $1000 to $3000.
I personally plunked about a hundred thousand dollars in bitcoin back then, hoping to triple it or more if the ETF got approved. I can't believe I could've done it if I went with Ethereum instead.
But then I was stupid enough to Shapeshift most of it to ETH at the top (around 50+)... and now it's going down. :(
@_date: 2017-03-17 04:24:37
Maybe he's day trading, and the way BTC skyrocketed in the past month, and is now crashing, as well as the way ETH has been skyrocketing the past week, he's afraid of the volatility in keeping his funds in crypto, and would prefer to sit in USD while waiting for the bottom-of-the-dip/the peak-of-the-jump.
Eh, I don't day trade, so I wouldn't know.
@_date: 2017-03-18 03:58:15
Ethereum has more than tripled since a few weeks ago (was at $13 mid-Feb, $45 now), a lot of people are probably trying to ride it on the way up to make some money.
The BU fork issue also isn't helping. Meanwhile, Ethereum's Metropolis about to be released soon, and there's also corp giants like Microsoft, JP Morgan, and Accenture forming an Enterprise Ethereum Alliance, people are probably feeling more bullish about that.
Also, a lot were probably riding BTC due to the ETF, and that hype train has already sailed (and gotten rejected). People didn't pull out probably because the price still kept rising, but the BU fork FUD is probably partly triggering the realization.
@_date: 2017-03-21 12:16:41
Sorry, are you implying ASICs will become more accessible to the normal user in the future?
@_date: 2017-03-10 20:40:34


That's rich, considering it was all over front page in the past few days, all I'm doing is echoing the posts everyone has been talking about.
Yet you make it out as if I'm coming up with this conspiracy theory no one has ever heard about.
@_date: 2017-03-10 04:34:09
Except BU has actually been proven to be using their money and power to talk.
- Roger Ver offering 110% block rewards to miners supporting BU
- Buying ads for to put on - Jihan intentionally mining empty blocks (and willingly giving up all the transaction fees they could've got if they mined a proper block)
I wouldn't be surprised if the accusations of paid accounts are true. Or them being responsible for attacks like blockchain spamming (the fees involved would be chump change for them, actually it would be free if they mine the block themselves).
@_date: 2017-03-17 01:06:44


I know it's 25x annual spending.
I was just saying that 10 years worth of expenses, tripled, is more than enough to have me set for life. That's 30 I know, and yes, I know it's &gt;25, does that mean I'm automatically "really bad at the math"?
Or maybe I'm just quoting the [4% SWR of the Trinity Study]( And that you're really bad at making conclusions.
And maybe accounting for a little lifestyle bloat as well? At 30x annual spending invested, 4% SWR means I could have a lifestyle bloat of about 20% my current annual spending.


No, at 30x annual expenses, 3% withdrawal rate would mean I'd be getting only 90% of my annual expenses on the first year. Maybe you meant 3.33333% withdrawal rate.
See, I can nitpick the math too. Except I'd prefer to lean on the side of giving myself extra money, i.e. 30&gt;25, unlike your rate which leans on the side of giving yourself less money (0.9 &lt; 1). Better to have some slack, than finding yourself taking more than what you've budgeted for.




Yeah, I'd never have done it. Even with my speculating with bitcoin's ETF, I only put in about a third.
STILL, if that tripled, I'd be pretty close to FIRE then. Almost there even.
@_date: 2017-03-19 12:52:16
It's not that it will lead to centralization, it's that they CAN make it that way.
In the same way that miners kept increasing their hashpower, thus continually pushing the difficulty upward, until they made it impractical for solo miners, and then eventually they managed to make it no longer worthwhile for smaller groups with low hashpower.
They kept increasing their hashpower, increasing the difficulty, pushing out smaller parties out of the mining game, until they control majority of the hashpower.
They can do the same with the blockchain.
Since BU states that miners control the blocksize, they can keep increasing it (much like how they kept increasing the difficulty by increasing their hashpower... except it's much easier, since unlike with increasing hashpower, they don't have to buy/produce ASIC miners to increase the blocksize)
Soon it can be bad enough that the blockchain is hundreds of peta- or exa-bytes large, and soon running your own node without specialized server hardware will become impossible (like with mining and ASICs).
@_date: 2017-03-10 14:00:42
These greedy miners mining empty blocks, and spamming the blockchain, causing high fees...
they're also the ones pushing for changes that will hugely benefit them, that could result in centralization (making them the equivalent of "Paypal" for bitcoin)
They are using their money to talk, increasing hash power, paying sockpuppets and ad-campaigns, even bribing miners with 110% block rewards.
All to push their agenda that could lead to centralization of power with them.
The best way to fight them is via increasing the decentralization.
Run your own node. This makes it infeasible for a single entity from overwhelming the network with dishonest Sybil nodes. And who else can afford such an attack, except the ones who are already doing similar things.
It's a way to fight them back, don't just give in.
@_date: 2017-03-31 07:25:15
Probably being moved to Poloniex to fund the LTC and XRP pumps.
LTC skyrocketed from 0.004 to 0.008 on Polo, and it had a 1000 BTC buy wall (plus tons of 40-80 BTC buy walls continuously pushing the price up, AND continuously being eaten by sellers).
XRP is still skyrocketing (I bought in at 900 sats a week ago, and now it's still pumping past 2200 sats on Polo... )
@_date: 2017-03-18 02:56:52
I don't know, with the words:


It means they support BU's "protocol" (i.e. Emergent Consensus, on-chain scaling, unlimited block sizes controlled by miners), even if the software they are using isn't BU.
i.e. they are using core software instead of BU, but still support BU ideas
The question is if they mean this in a way that they still choose BU ideology OVER Core ideology (i.e. SegWit, LN).
I think what they are saying exactly is this:
"We are running core instead of BU, because BU code has proven to be unreliable, with the recent attacks and possibly more bugs. BUT we believe in BU's ideology, and thus we are running a core version patched with BU's protocol, EC."
I dunno, it seems like saying "we don't trust BU code, so we are running core, but we still prefer BU's scaling ideas over core's SegWit/LN etc., so it's a patched version with EC"
@_date: 2017-03-22 06:19:47
Wasn't there once an instance where all BU nodes were banned for 24 hours? Because there was a bug that caused a 1.1 MB block, which all BU nodes happily accepted and broadcasted.
I looked it up, and found [this](


@_date: 2017-03-16 11:50:44
That has me a bit salty.
I got into bitcoin about mid-Feb after hearing about it for so many years, because I heard about the incoming ETF, possibly pushing bitcoin to $2500 or $3000, maybe even 5-10k.
During that time, I read about ETH, thought "hey this is promising, programmable bitcoin", and then read about Microsoft and JP Morgan interest... but then I saw the historic graph, saw it had been hovering around the same price for the longest time, and thought "I'll invest in this too... **AFTER** the ETF decision". It was just $13 then.
So I went and threw about a hundred thousand dollars into BTC...
And now I can't believe if I'd gone with ETH then I'd have more than tripled my money now. :O
If I had thrown my entire windfall (which is about 10 years expenses worth) in there a few weeks ago, I'd be set for life now (FIRE status with 4% SWR). The feeling of regret really hurts hard right now.
@_date: 2017-03-12 03:48:25
The thing is though, if you have enough hash power to even mine a single block within 24 hours, that means you have the hash power to earn 1 block reward.
So if you use it to create a "trojan block", it's basically equivalent to throwing away the 12.5 btc block reward (currently around 15,000 USD).
I mean, if I had the hash power to mine 1 block a day, I'd probably be set for life in just 2 months. :p
@_date: 2019-11-02 14:41:16
Governments have been known to seize contents of safety deposit boxes:








also has this lengthy reddit post [here]( along with source article, about banks drilling into the wrong safe deposit boxes, and not taking responsibility for lost contents.
Bitcoin is about "being your own bank", then you trust the bank with your keys. THAT is what seems ridiculous to me.
@_date: 2019-11-02 14:53:38
Doesn't seem like they have a deadman switch feature yet


I choose to use a deadman switch because I don't want anyone to know about me having bitcoin until they really have to (i.e. I'm dead).
More details in this post (and the next posts under that):
@_date: 2019-11-02 14:06:31


Your reply assumes your heir and the lawyer won't scheme together to steal from you. You might think family is trustworthy, but I've seen good people in my family turn downright evil when it came to splitting the inheritance.
Imagine if they knew you had left them keys to bitcoin, then BTC hits $10 million.


You didn't even give details how to achieve this.
I think my solution of making one part tamper-evident to you (e.g. broken walls/floors), and one part always on your person, solves this.
@_date: 2019-11-02 17:42:23
Which is why I said multiple copies, but it seems like you didn't even read the first post.
@_date: 2017-03-20 01:45:46
And blockchain spammers have shown they can generate tons of transactions just to spam (and it's either they can afford all those transaction fees, or it's the miner themselves, which makes such spam transactions free if they mine the block themselves).
As I said:


Whereas in the past, any attacks (such as a 51% attack) requires large amounts of capital, giving the miner control over the blocksize is like giving them the capability of doing an attack, and just hoping they won't use it that way.
And seeing as how BU wants to "elect a bitcoin president", I'm not so sure I want to give them that capability.
The main point of bitcoin is that it's trustless. You are not at the mercy of anyone (unlike with banks, who can freeze your accounts anytime). But giving miners control of the block size, brings us back to square one, and gives them a level of control that puts us under their mercy.
Some may trust centralized institutions, but they have been known to overreach their power. Paypal closes accounts for the smallest of things (get a few chargebacks, or be linked to things they deem "unacceptable", like even cryptocurrency trading), some banks are known to close accounts for just wire transferring to bitcoin exchanges, Coinbase is known to close accounts when you get linked to any casino bitcoin address, or DNM address, or even just for sending to LocalBitcoins.
If we give the miners the key to centralizing, and even worse, to a miner group who obviously likes control, with terms like "bitcoin president", we'll just be back to square one with the banks and other centralized groups.
@_date: 2019-11-02 14:46:37
I'm not sure if you read my last ninja edit, but I'll just take it out of that post and repost it here (with a few changes):
I think the biggest weakness in your suggestion is that THEY KNOW you've left them bitcoin. I personally don't want them to know until I'm dead.
Hence the deadman switch.
Family or not, nobody else has business knowing I have bitcoin.  
When my mom asked me about bitcoin during the 2017 bull run, I just said "I heard on the news, maybe I'll look into it, I'm busy tho"
If you wanted to make it even more secure, I'd say the will you leave with the lawyer should be an encrypted file. And then let your heir know the password to the will (or tell them it's on the USB/memory card on your person). That way, they STILL don't know there is bitcoin involved. 
And if you don't give them the password straight away, they can't collude and decrypt the will before your time.
nLockTime seems like a good option, but it's less normie-friendly (I don't even know how to make such a transaction).
@_date: 2019-11-14 13:26:52
Close bitcoin core, and replace wallet.dat with your backup.
Then open Help -&gt; Debug Window, and type
    dumpwallet &lt;filename&gt;
This should dump your private keys, so you can import it into a lite wallet like Electrum.
You should now be able to check your addresses without needing to download the ~240 GB blockchain.
@_date: 2017-03-21 07:11:12
They should've replaced all BU client download links with Core download links.
If they did that and did not vandalize the site, it might've actually taken a while until they found out. :p
@_date: 2019-11-10 11:33:26
He actually sent 11 BTC to a charity. [link](
@_date: 2019-11-02 17:59:57
I would NEVER EVER store a seed in plain unencrypted form.
Someone finding it makes it as good as stolen. 
I mean, I thought it was understood when you cement it, you should put it in a case (like a metal one). You can probably use other media as well (like CD-Rs) and other ways of making it tamper-evident besides cementing it (just get creative).
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:58:56


I was saying to get creative in making your storage location tamper-evident. Like instead of cementing it into walls, you can hide it into furniture while building it or hide it behind drywall while it's being installed, etc. 
NOT getting creative with rolling your own crypto. 
I thought that much was obvious just from the context of my statement, if you read it instead of taking phrases out of context.
@_date: 2019-11-02 17:45:12
I did say in the original post to use multiple copies. I just simplified it in that post above because it seems the other poster couldn't figure it out after all the details.
@_date: 2019-11-24 07:01:27
So as someone who has done multiple coin joins, I want to ask, have you ever encountered exchanges freezing your funds and asking for KYC/source-of-income?
Also, I am assuming you have not KYC'd on any exchange, is this correct?
Also, do you use Wasabi's coinjoin? Or only joinmarket's?
@_date: 2017-03-16 22:41:37


I think you're looking at the wrong alt.
I got into bitcoin about mid-Feb after hearing about it for so many years, because I heard about the incoming ETF, possibly pushing bitcoin to $2500 or $3000, maybe even 5-10k.
During that time, I read about Ethereum, thought "hey this is promising, programmable bitcoin", and then read about Microsoft and JP Morgan interest... but then I saw the historic graph, saw it had been hovering around the same price for the longest time, and thought "I'll invest in this too **AFTER** the ETF decision". It was just **$13** then.
So I went and threw about a hundred thousand dollars into BTC...
And now I can't believe if I'd gone with ETH then I'd have more than tripled my money now. :O
If I had thrown my entire windfall (which is about 10 years expenses worth) in there a few weeks ago, I'd be set for life now (FIRE status with 4% SWR). The feeling of regret really hurts hard right now.
@_date: 2019-11-02 13:54:58
I did, it's easy.
- Get 2 USBs
- 7-zip your private keys with encryption, put in one USB
- notepad of password in other USB
- setup Google inactive account manager, and done.
The cementing into walls/floors is the hard part, but I use a different (easier) solution requiring no cement mixing, you can get creative with it. 
All it has to be is that tampering is evident.
And normies can just leave their coins in custodial wallets like Coinbase, and heirs can just do the traditional method of estate transfer and have their lawyer talk to the company directly.
Of course, not your keys, not your bitcoin.
But that comes with the price of being your own bank, including setting up your security measures.
@_date: 2019-11-06 16:04:06
Last time this question popped up, I posted my detailed method here:
Based on the upvotes, people seemed to like the method. But people kept complaining that USBs die after a few years, so just replace USBs with CD-Rs
@_date: 2019-11-28 21:07:24
Not me.  
NO ONE irl knows I have bitcoin.  
Not even my mom.
If bitcoin hits $1million, they still wouldn't know.  
I wouldn't suddenly be driving around in a lambo, living in a mansion, wearing designer clothes.  
I'd pretty much maintain the same lifestyle, just pay for some comforts that make life more convenient, and never have to worry about money.
@_date: 2019-11-02 17:43:38
Already addressed in this post
@_date: 2019-11-02 18:21:57
"Several banks" is not decentralized.
When Manny Pacquiao had his accounts frozen by the Philippines' version of the IRS (BIR), due to a discrepancy on the tax paid on one of his fights, they froze [ALL his accounts in different banks](
This is a 3rd world country, yet they found it trivial to find ALL his accounts in DIFFERENT banks.
You think when the quoted event below happened, they missed some of the safe deposit boxes owned by the people hit by it?


All the banks bow to the government.
That's as centralized as it gets.
@_date: 2019-11-10 11:32:57
Following the outgoing transactions, looks like he sent 11 BTC to 1M72Sfpbz1BPpXFHz9m3CdqATR44Jvaydd in [this transaction](
Googling that address, it leads to this [bitcointalk thread]( with the title:


which seems to be a charity cause to feed homeless people.
Good guy actually sent half to a charity.
@_date: 2019-11-18 04:02:33
From the millions that you made, did you get to keep any of it?
Money in bank accounts, or as houses or cars you bought? Maybe even investments, if you do stocks etc? Or as coins you still have in wallets?
Or did they take everything and you have to start over from zero?
@_date: 2019-11-15 06:55:48
Great article.
I like how it walks you through the algorithm, and explained it simple enough for a layman to understand.
Only thing missing imo is if it also attempted to explain how some of the crypto "tricks" worked, if it is simple enough to understand.
Like shared secrets... If it uses the same thing stealth addresses use, then it's simple math.
I'll try to explain how I understand it works (might be wrong though, don't bite my head off):
- Say Alice has public key A with private key a.  
- And Bob has public key B with private key b.  
- Then to generate the shared secret S,  
    S = Ab = Ba
*Basically, the product of your private key multiplied by someone else's public key, is the same as the product of their corresponding private key multiplied by your public key.*
So people can generate a secret with someone else just by sharing public keys, and it can't be cracked without having one of the private keys.
I'm guessing the "tweaking" part involves this property as well... I don't know how they do it though (Maybe by multiplying the shared secret by an integer value?) Which is why I hoped it dived a little into the technicals if it were simple enough to explain.
@_date: 2019-11-24 14:40:00
It should've sent the ENTIRE balance out of the "sending address".
And you'd have received:
- the 0.001 btc in the "receiving address"  
- the remaining coins in a BRAND NEW "change address"
It will not send it back into the "sending address", because reusing addresses is bad practice.
And you cannot spend only a small amount of coins from an address, and then keep the change in the same address.
It always has to spend the entire balance, and the change goes into a NEW "change address".
If you do not have a virus/malware, this "change address" will still belong to your own hardware wallet.
More info on change addresses from Ledger's site:
@_date: 2019-11-02 14:50:11
If they're all in your name, that's just delaying the inevitable.
Especially if something like what I linked above happens:


You can be SURE that if gets that bad, they're opening ALL safe deposit boxes in your name.
Oh, you opened it in your mom/kid's name?  
You think they won't  figure that out?
This entire thing you are suggesting still involves trusting the bank.
Not at all what bitcoin is about, which is trustlessness.
@_date: 2019-11-28 20:40:43


Never heard of it.
I think I saw it on the news next to some charts like stocks? Aren't stocks and stuff risky? No thanks.


Never better. Don't know what that stuff is anyway, not interested.


You confusing me with someone else? That's not me, and I'm not interested.
**Nobody needs to know I have bitcoin.**
@_date: 2019-11-08 05:25:07








@_date: 2019-11-06 08:09:06




Was gonna upvote you for providing this useful info, but...


Yeah, that wasn't really necessary. That vid seems to be all in good fun.
I think this would've been top comment without that quip.
@_date: 2019-11-23 18:59:19
US Government gave up control in 2014.
Source:   
(Dated 15 Mar 2014)
**US govt: You, ICANN. YOU can run the internet. We quit**




@_date: 2019-11-24 14:44:39


Reusing addresses is bad practice, because it links your transactions (reducing anonymity and potentially revealing how many coins  you have), and also because used addresses have revealed public keys (making them quantum-vulnerable).


The [article]( about "change addresses" on the official Ledger site says this:


So it seems it's working as expected.
@_date: 2019-11-16 07:12:56
Yep, I submitted this about a month ago:
Click to see the draft of Form 1040 with this new checkbox
@_date: 2019-11-02 15:03:12
Seriously, my method is not hard.
- Get 2 USBs
- 7-zip your private keys with encryption, put in one USB
- notepad of password in other USB
- setup Google inactive account manager, and done.
It's also **FREE** if you have 2 USBs laying around.


Maybe it won't.
But imagine if bitcoin became illegal in the US. And they got search warrants for everyone who KYCed with Coinbase, or any US-cooperating exchange etc.
Or the "everything bubble" popped, and the petrodollar lost reserve currency status.
If you're not really in bitcoin for the ideology, then just leave your coins in Coinbase, let the estate lawyer deal with getting the inheritance from Coinbase when you die.
Your solution is like half-assed between trusting the bank, wanting to keep your own keys, and HOPING shtf scenario never happens with your government.
@_date: 2019-11-02 12:28:51
Use a deadman's switch like Google's Inactive Account Manager to send a message to loved ones if you do not log in after an extended period of time.
But the Google message should have no private keys, instead only instructions. So that if your Google account gets hacked, nothing is compromised.
I'd have instructions like
- what is bitcoin, and how to cash it out at an exchange (and precautions they need to take while doing so)
- how to retrieve my private key (which is hidden in a USB, encrypted)
- and where I hid the keys
To get the private key, they need to access two separate locations:
1. one location is something I'd notice if it was tampered with. e.g. a USB drive cemented into the wall in my bedroom or cemented into the floor under my bed. That way, they have to break walls or floors to steal the key behind my back, so they can't do it without me noticing.
  Also if your Google account gets hacked and the hacker gets the instructions, they have to break walls/floors in your house first to steal your coins, they can't do it stealthily.
2. one location is something always with me. e.g. A USB drive on my keychain, or a memory card in my wallet.
You will need BOTH  and   
( is the private key, encrypted.  is the encryption password).
In case I was on vacation and they decide to break walls/floors (or if my Google account gets hacked and hackers read about the locations), they can't steal the keys behind my back.
I'd use something easy like a 7-zip self-extracting archive with AES encryption.
Also, two locations for both  and 
e.g. BOTH the wall and the floor have  and I have the USB keychain AND the memory card in the wallet for 
This is in case the USB gets corrupted.
Maybe also have a backup "deadman switch" in case the Google one fails (e.g. a last will you leave with a lawyer). As with Google, just instructions in the will, no keys, so the lawyer can't steal it without breaking doors/floors and having the decryption key.
@_date: 2019-11-28 21:20:57
Hmm, if I were in position, I'd act like I was scared off by the crash.


The only time my family will know I have bitcoin is when they receive my encrypted will after I die.
...Or you can be the "family hero" that told them to buy bitcoin before it went to 6 digits. But knowing normal people, they'd probably sell during a mini-crash before it takes off (like when BTC crashed from $3k to $1600, before the bullrun to $20k).  
THEN they'll fomo into the top (like buying at $20k in 2017), then sell it when it crashes. (Just add a zero to every dollar value)
AND finally blame you for everything. :p
@_date: 2019-11-02 18:24:44
Didn't I already reply to your [other comment]( that you can probably use other media as well (like CD-Rs)? 
This is like playing whack-a-mole, the same point repeated in different comment threads.
@_date: 2019-11-13 04:02:18
Should've put in "inflation-adjusted"in the title, 90% of the comments here are talking about the USD losing purchasing power in order to achieve that instead of BTC outright mooning.
@_date: 2019-11-16 07:16:31
This, last time this was mentioned, [some people said this](


@_date: 2019-11-10 08:58:41
If you have been talking to a girl in Tinder for over a month, and you still haven't physically met up with her, you are using Tinder wrong.
@_date: 2019-11-24 07:04:58
Taxes are theft, I agree, but if you want to keep them off your back, and be able to spend your cash on large purchases like cars or houses, you have to follow their rules. 
This is akin to local businesses paying the mafia "protection money" in places where they are in power. You do it only because if you don't they will seriously fuck you up.
@_date: 2018-06-23 02:21:01
Daytrader/swing trader.
It's not lying, you're just omitting some info. Whether it be penny stocks, forex, or crypto, it's still trading.
Show them pictures of candlestick charts on your phone (with any visible crypto tickers cropped out if you are that paranoid). I do that, and can usually go on and on about buying massive dips/panics, selling the bounces, showing samples of such charts... then talking about trader success stories like Tim Sykes' students Steven Dux and Tim Grittani, with feats like turning $27k to almost a million dollars in a year, and now almost $2 million in 2 years....
... ok, I guess this is just as bad as talking about your crypto :p  
But you can easily pass yourself off as a mediocre trader (without the stories about those hotshot traders I mentioned).
@_date: 2019-08-27 18:53:57
@_date: 2019-08-27 15:42:26


Well, I was here back in early 2017.
Price was going back and forth between $900-1000.
Everyone was talking about how it was going to go to the moon, and that moon price everyone was talking about was $10,000.
\**drops mic*\*
@_date: 2019-08-27 08:08:42
Is this what you are asking?
@_date: 2019-08-25 10:05:46


Not really.
There is no "rule" in the software that states "there should be only 21 million max".
The halving is the only rule in the software. It basically dictates that after N blocks, the next block reward will be less bitcoins.
Someone just extrapolated all future block rewards and **computed the total future rewards** up to the point when block rewards for mining stops.
The only way to exceed the COMPUTED 21 million max, the only logical way to do it is for someone to try to give themselves a bigger block reward (and not just 12.5 btc for that block). 
But then a miner that attempts that would just be wasting the block they mined if they try to do that, since no other node/miner software will accept it, they know the current block reward should ONLY be 12.5 btc.
If anyone tries to do anything that doesn't follow the rules of the other software nodes (mine a block without a valid hash, earn invalid rewards, ignore the halving and give themselves higher block rewards), then no one will accept that block.
That's basically it.
**EDIT:** To be precise, the only rule in the code is that the coin reward gets reduced by half after every 210,000 blocks. After the reward halves from 1 sat, it goes to zero.
**Someone just computed what happens when that point is reached, and they got the value of 21 million bitcoins mined.**
The 21 million value is **NOT IN THE CODE**.
See the tables here how they got that value:
@_date: 2019-08-13 23:27:58
He means they can see all the currently open margin positions (shorts and longs), and their respective liquidation prices.
So if the order book is thin enough, such that:  
- the amount needed to pump/dump the price to a specific value  
    *is less than*  
- the total amount of shorts/longs that will be liquidated at that specific price point, 
... then it is literally free money for them to just trade against those margin traders and liquidate them.
Do they do that? That we don't have proof of, but looking at the price barting up and down, it seems like an open secret.
@_date: 2019-08-25 10:16:27
I'm actually conflicted in this.
On one hand, I agree. Granmas who can't even figure out how to send a message on a smartphone won't adopt this seeing how hard it is to use right now, so if we want global adoption, it needs to be much easier.
BUT on the other hand, humankind was able to learn numbers, math, concepts like addition and multiplication... and even phone numbers became mainstream. If people need it (for example, in case of something like hyperinflation or economic recession/collapses happening), they will learn it.
It just needs to be trained into children at a young age that it becomes natural to them, like numbers, math, and phone numbers.
@_date: 2019-10-07 10:32:42


I've read this several times, but I still can't understand how it works, can anyone explain?
I was thinking that when you buy bitcoin, you send your money to the exchange/the seller/into the bitcoin ATM, who also keep the money in a bank anyway. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
i.e. even the "money put in bitcoin" is still kept in banks
I can't see how you can take money out of circulation, away from banks, unless you keep it under your mattress or something.
@_date: 2019-10-03 07:16:15
[The original Bitcoin faucet used to give away 5 whole bitcoins](
Didn't have to spend a dime
Just solve a Captcha
@_date: 2019-10-23 06:55:13
Thanks much appreciated! :)
@_date: 2019-08-19 05:29:11


This seems to be your problem, not only do you buy the dip, but you also allow fomo to dictate your buys.
Have you heard of this expression:


If you increase your DCA amount ONLY when the price dips, and DECREASE your DCA when the price is rallying, and scale respectively (the lower the dips, the more bonus buys you make... and the higher the price goes, and make your buys smaller and smaller) you'd probably be much better off.
Like once it was rallying from 7k to 20k you'd probably be scaling back your buys to 30% down to 10-5% of your normal DCA.
And when it was crashing from from 6k to 3.5k, I'd be buying 50% up to double or triple my DCA.
Even with the recent run, if you were buying like 50% less than your normal DCA during the run up to 14k, then 50% more than your normal DCA during the dip back to 9k, you'd probably have much more.
You can be smarter than the market, just don't fall to fomo. If the price starts to go up fast (like the run to 20k), DON'T fomo. You don't want to be buying the top. What goes up that fast must also come down.
@_date: 2019-10-21 19:27:09
Oh hey, nice to see someone else make that connection.
I'm not surprised, the similarity is UNCANNY.
As I said in my [old post here](






@_date: 2019-10-13 15:44:52
Great idea, but:




Why though?
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:38:08
At this point, I'm still surprised people can't understand why there will **NEVER** be a proper audit of Tether/Bitfinex.
After the Wells Fargo fiasco last year, where all their US wires were getting frozen, it is understandable that they do NOT want to reveal all their accounts publicly anymore or risk getting accounts/funds frozen.
This image illustrates the best you can **EVER** expect them to do:
Personally, I never understood the conspiracy theory that they are running a fractional-reserve on USDT. ANY exchange that has some form of USD can do that (and it doesn't even have to be USD specifically to run a fractional-reserve \*coughbitgrailcough\*), why specifically Bitfinex/Tether? 
With all the volume/fees they are getting just from bitcoin trading alone, doing such a risky thing seems totally unnecessary.
@_date: 2019-10-24 17:08:37
...no it doesn't. You didn't even address any of the points, like opposing states hoarding it, or UHNWIs wanting an unseizable unfreezable asset. 
Libra will not be this, as it will not be able to launch unless they comply with regulators wanting the ability to block "suspicious transactions" in the name of "AML", "anti-terrorism" etc.
EDIT: That 2nd sentence wasn't there earlier, must've been a quick edit. I answer it anyway in my post below.
@_date: 2019-10-24 08:48:07
Yes, they have to pay back in BTC.
But in retrospect, that might explain the unbelievably strong mini-bull  run from 3500 to 14000 a few months ago... it could've been them buying back bitcoins to pay for what they owed.
@_date: 2019-10-25 12:36:59
That's not how marketcap works...  
I'm just gonna repost my [explanation]( here:
I print 1 billion tokens for my new ICO.
I sell 1 token to my buddy for $1.
Marketcap is now $1 billion.
But total trade volume is only $1.
Volume is what matters, not marketcap.
Look at this image of Coinbase Pro's "Depth Chart":  
To raise the price to $13,299  
(the max value the depth chart will show, which is nearly double the current price):  
There are only around 2927 bitcoins needed to be bought  
(for only $27 million).
You only need $27 million to nearly double the marketcap,  
From 137.7 billion to 239.56 billion
Marketcap will rise by over 100 billion even though only 27 million is needed.  
(on Coinbase pro, at least)
**tl;dr:** If people injected even a single billion of real US dollars into bitcoin, it's not just gonna add 1 billion to the marketcap, that will most likely send us past the $20k ATH, possibly over a trillion even.
@_date: 2019-10-06 17:45:23
Just curious, she doesn't know you're a nocoiner now?
Also, it is still early, stack sats!
@_date: 2019-08-27 08:39:18


directory.io used to list all addresses sorted by private key (starting from 0).  
This page:  
does the same thing (but it doesn't show the private key in decimal form, only in [WIF form]( iirc directory.io used to do that, and it was funny looking at the private keys go from  
00...01  
00...02  
00...03  
The old naive method to generate brain wallets from phrases was to simply SHA-256 the string, then just convert it to WIF like the first answer here shows:
Of course, that's the quickest way to get a hacked wallet.
@_date: 2019-10-21 05:01:34
On the really impossibly off chance that he is...
IT SHOULD NOT MATTER.
If a figurehead could dictate changes to the Bitcoin protocol, then it is not truly decentralized.
If someone comes out, and signs messages using block 0 and block 9's addresses' private keys, or with Satoshi's PGP key, then tells everyone to raise the blocksize to 500MB, does that automatically make them "the leader" and that everyone should follow them?
That's not how it works.
If he also has access to 1 million bitcoins (VERY doubtful), then good for him.  
If he plans to dump it on the open market, then go right ahead. I could use some cheap bitcoins.
That would even be good for bitcoin in the long run, as the threat of "Satoshi dumping" will finally be gone.
@_date: 2019-08-19 11:15:11


That's it exactly.
Early 2017, price was $900-1000, everyone was predicting $10k.
That means everything above that ($10k-20k) was most likely a "hype bubble", and not worth buying right away, and instead you just wait for the eventual dip.
So right now everyone thinks $100k, then everything above is most likely a "hype bubble", and not worth buying right away, and instead you just wait for the eventual dip.
Rinse and repeat. For maybe 2-3 more cycles.
@_date: 2019-10-11 17:53:49


You mean [Shor's algorithm](


You misunderstand how a hash works.
You can hash ANYTHING.
e.g. you can hash a 4GB ISO file, you can hash any length of text, any file of any size. 
In fact, when you download an Ubuntu ISO, they have a SHA256 hash, and [you can hash the entire ISO and confirm it is unmodified if you get the same hash](
So it would be impossible to "reverse-engineer" the original data from a hash.
**Imagine if I could just give you the 64 characters of a SHA256 hash, and you could reverse engineer the entire 4GB DVD ISO (where the hash came from) from just those 64 characters.**
That said, you can find COLLISIONS of a hash (when two different sets of data have the same hash).  
[Grover's algorithm]( can help with that, reducing the search space from 2^256 to 2^128, which is still practically IMPOSSIBLE.
And even then, it is virtually impossible that the collision data is a properly formatted public key with a correct checksum and an actual unspent balance, just as it is impossible that the collision data is in a proper block format with actual valid transactions.
tl;dr: SHA256 is as good as quantum-proof. 
The real issue imo, are P2PK coins, which I detail in my post here:
@_date: 2019-10-24 17:02:47
If you haven't been living under a rock, then you know anything that is remotely centralized will eventually bend over to the powers-that-be and their rules.
e.g. LocalBitcoins and their now overwhelming KYC and tiny limits, Binance cutting off US customers and putting them on a separate Binance.US, etc.
A single word from the great powers in burgerland, and suddenly, all sanctioned countries and parties (e.g. Venezuela) are instantly blocked/banned by respective nodes/miners, with all their funds frozen/seized.
As Libra will not be able to launch unless they comply with regulators wanting the ability to block "suspicious transactions" in the name of "AML"
If you've ever been locked out of a Facebook account, or had a brand new account suddenly blocked by "Facebook checkpoint", until you upload a photo ID, then you know this is very plausible.
It will never then become a state-level store-of-value like gold, which countries hoping to oppose the US are stockpiling (like China and Russia)
An unfreezable unseizable way to store assets is a huge market. See the Panama papers.
See this Chinese ex-governor hoarding 13.5 tons of gold in his basement:
This easily controlled "fake-decentralized" Libra currency... that isn't it. It doesn't fill this niche at all.
States will not hoard it, UHNWI's will not store their wealth in it.
It's either it's truly decentralized, or it's pointless.
@_date: 2019-10-25 12:41:19
Yes, if you look at the simple example, it took only $1 in trading to kick that token's marketcap into $1 billion.
What matters is how many coins are for sale and at what prices, the marketcap is just an illusion.
@_date: 2019-08-27 08:59:02


This "comparison" didn't satisfy me at all, sorry.
I'd have preferred to see the following differences listed (which are the ones that really matter to me):
- Trezor One: doesn't let you enter the passphrase on the device directly (yes you can enter the seed on the device directly, NOT the passphrase), you have to use the connected computer's keyboard for passphrase entry. Ledger Nano S allows passphrase entry on the device directly even with just 2 buttons.
- Trezor Model T: UI only allows you to generate wallets with 12-word seed phrases. BUT you can use it to recover 24-word wallet. To generate a 24-word wallet on it, you have to fiddle with the terminal, install Python, and do technical stuff not as simple as basic usage.
- Trezor: all Trezor models are open-source software AND hardware. The hardware is so open-source, people have even built their own Trezors from scratch [\[1\]]( [\[2\]](
- Ledger Nano: all Ledger products use a CLOSED-SOURCE Secure Element. Thus, IMO you can never trust it to not have a government-mandated backdoor. This post makes a good argument regarding that: 
- CoolWallet: I saw the setup process, the seed words appear ON THE APP, not on the device itself. To me, for a TRULY SECURE hardware wallet, seed words/private keys should NEVER be broadcasted from the device, only signed transactions should be. I originally discussed this here: 
- CoolWallet: Last I checked, does not support passphrases. For decoy wallets/plausible deniability purposes, that is essential. Discussed here: 
If the article was this in-depth in their "comparison", instead of just being another "What are hardware wallets for the absolute newbie" article, that would've been 10000x better IMO.
@_date: 2019-10-23 06:14:56
That explains why the "Bitfinex premium/USDT premium" has stayed now for months on end.
I was thinking that if they really did have the dollar reserves for ALL tethers, then they could simply buy back tethers whenever the tether peg broke and went under $1 (or at least, when the price discrepancy was significant enough to account for fees and still make them a profit).
But then all that would've done is burn up all their remaining dollar reserves and leave them with only the missing $850M as remaining balance they couldn't buy back.
...well, everyone "knew" about tether's issues, but that's them outright admitting it.
@_date: 2019-10-11 16:48:02
I was kinda hoping addressed the most vulnerable things in bitcoin right now that would be eventually quantum-vulnerable:
**P2PK transactions and reused addresses**
I have read that most old transactions (namely, the **"Patoshi" coins** which are supposedly over 1M coins, as well as some old forgotten whale wallets) are P2PK and not P2PKH transactions (as I read that option was only available a bit later after bitcoin's release).
What should happen to these coins?
Should they be free to take for anyone who can compute the private key from the exposed public key using a quantum computer?  
Should they be forked away?  
(I know this option would cause a huge controversy, so it's not really an option). 
What would be the effects of such an event on the bitcoin ecosystem, as well as economically (e.g. on bitcoin's inflation)? Especially if bitcoin already has much higher adoption rates, since at that point when quantum computing is able to beat ECDSA, it should be quite off into the future.
@_date: 2019-08-19 11:06:37


I agree, I believe BTC will eventually absorb all the wealth of traditional financial instruments, but:


"There is no chart that goes straight up forever."
This one principle has always proven true for me.
It will always, ALWAYS, ALWAYS, dip back down temporarily after a huge upward rally, and give the patient a chance to buy back in.  
It's just psychology, after a huge run, there are people who bought at the bottom who will want to cash out.  
That is all that causes the dip.  
It is why there's the quote:


I've misjudged the prices too with this mentality, but it still paid off.  
I scaled back buying after it ran to 7k in 2017, and was barely buying from 7k to 20k.  
I started buying quite a bit when it looked like the floor was in at 6k.  
I was shocked when it went down to 3.5k, but that just made me buy more.
I will slow down buying when it runs from 100k to 300k.  
Probably stop buying anything above 300k (for this cycle).  
And start buying hard when it dips back down to 80k, more at 60k if it even gets that far.
And so on.


That's only true if you actually sell. If you just postpone buying, it's not about predicting a top, it's about anticipating a future dip.
@_date: 2019-06-15 13:45:19
@_date: 2019-10-15 17:10:02
Reverse-image search found me this tweet:
Later in the thread, someone says:


Vid of giving shirt to Creg:
@_date: 2019-08-25 10:21:07
Ugh, even that alone is too much. I use throwaway email addresses for things like Slack, Discord, TradingView etc.. as I've found that any emails used in these places can be accessed, and hackers will try it at every exchange they can. 
I've gotten tons of password reset attempts, failed login attempts, phishing emails, etc. on emails used on these sites. Literally hundreds if not thousands.
If you reuse that password for that email, or use an easily guessable password along with that email, or are vulnerable to techniques like sim-swap hacks for 2FA/password reset on an account using that email login, you're probably gonna get hacked eventually.
@_date: 2019-10-22 18:44:07
They have a point, you're supposed to give feedback on a specific LBC trade, and not anything else outside of a specific LBC trade.
Imagine if a disgruntled ex-gf of his left a feedback saying he's a cheater and a womanizer.  
It might be true, but it still doesn't belong there.
That said, even I'm not sure what the appropriate action here is... you do have sufficient proof he is a scammer, and it is also bitcoin related. They did claim they do not want scammers operating on their platform.  
But then it's also not their job to be the world bitcoin police.  
Only for arbitrating transactions done on their platform.
If I were them, I'd just leave you and your feedback alone, and leave you two to settle it out yourselves.
@_date: 2019-10-20 14:52:09


When quantum computing reaches that level (which is probably decades if not centuries away, but who knows, really), then yes, it can crack ECDSA (i.e. compute a public key from a private key).
BUT, a bitcoin address does not have its public key revealed, not until you spend from it or sign a message from it. It is only a hash of the public key.
And hashing is not broken by quantum computing.
Unlike ECDSA, where [Shor's algorithm]( can let a theoretically powerful enough future quantum computer directly compute the private key from an exposed public key, the only quantum attack afaik on hashing is [Grover's algorithm]( which only reduces the search space for COLLISIONS (and not even actually the original data) from 2^256 to 2^128 , which is still practically IMPOSSIBLE.
Basically, this means that bitcoin addresses that have exposed public keys are the only ones vulnerable to a quantum attack. If you don't reuse addresses, your coins are as good as quantum-proof.
The only issues are: reused addresses AND P2PK.
What is P2PK?  
Long before bitcoin transactions were P2PKH (pay-to-pub-key-hash), they were P2PK (pay-to-pub-key). 
What does this mean?  
All these old P2PK transactions have the public key of these addresses REVEALED.
These coins are quantum-vulnerable, unless the owner moves them to new addresses. Afaik, these include the ["Patoshi coins"]( (over 1 million coins) as well as some old "lost" whale wallets.
IMO, these would be equivalent to "the lost city of gold" (bitcoin's version), i.e. "Cibola" in the "National Treasure: Book of Secrets", or "Parapata" in "Dora: The Lost City of Gold".  I think it's novel that bitcoin has something that "quantum treasure hunters" can eventually look forward to 
(but then I also have this other theory that Satoshi is still alive, and he's biding his time until global adoption, where 1M bitcoins will allow him to basically "rule the world" ala Rothschilds).
@_date: 2019-10-09 20:13:43
You can't buy all of that at spot price.  
You need to learn how to read order books.  
For example, we have Coinbase Pro's order book here:  
You can see the lowest sell order:  
- there are only 7.8969 bitcoins for sale at $8601.65 per BTC
If you wanna buy more, you have to buy the next higher sell order:  
- only 0.0514 bitcoins for sale at $8601.91 per BTC
If you want more, you have to buy the next higher sell order:  
- only 0.2 bitcoins for sale at $8601.92
If you buy all the sell orders visible in my screenshot, that would only net you less than 13 bitcoins, but you would push the spot price up by 3 dollars.
If you look at the depth chart on Coinbase pro, here:  
  
There are only less than 6000 bitcoins for sale on the order book, and you'd have to buy them up to prices as high as almost $15k each (on that exchange).
There simply aren't a million bitcoins for sale on exchanges, and that kind of order would probably push the price past 100k
@_date: 2019-10-23 05:47:50
Your tip didn't work, maybe because there's no space? :p
@_date: 2019-10-26 04:27:27


That's not a fixed value.
You have to get the total of all the sell orders on all exchanges with a BTC-fiat pairing. This constantly changes (whales putting up or removing sell walls, miners selling newly minted coins, etc.)
As I said, marketcap is just an illusion, and I don't recommend focusing too much on it.
@_date: 2019-10-24 16:02:51
Liquidity in fiat is only a stepping stone and not the final goal. 
If bitcoin achieves global adoption, liquidity in fiat currencies would no longer be necessary, as you should be able to use your bitcoin on most merchants and stores around you. 
That's true decentralized "liquidity".
@_date: 2019-10-23 06:21:34
The thing about 4chan posts is that they have an ID, so you can easily look up if they are real in archives like warosu, archived.moe, or yuki.la 
In this case, Asuka's prediction is 12506077.
You can easily look it up if you find [/biz/thread/12505955](  
It's like the 7th reply from the top
@_date: 2019-10-14 13:44:31


As someone who has never tried LN before, do I need to stay online?  
Does this mean I need to keep Electrum running?  
What if my connection is not very stable?
@_date: 2019-10-24 19:05:13
I wish he had the balls to actually respond 


I'd have paid good money to see him actually say that out loud on the stand.
@_date: 2019-10-13 16:17:18
Does Electrum suffer from this as well?
I run my Electrum through Tor, as I was thinking my IP was all I needed to protect, but it didn't go through my mind that Electrum could be leaking ALL my old addresses (even the empty ones).
@_date: 2019-10-16 08:15:47
Seconding this...  
I'm just imagining a Coldcard with:
- maybe an e-ink display (for much longer battery life vs LCD), or just an LCD, for displaying QR codes of signed transactions, 
- and a camera to scan QR codes. 
Then you can just use it completely airgapped without fiddling with SD cards, that just sounds awesome imo. 
Any plans on such a device ?
@_date: 2019-10-22 18:29:46
Aw, you had the prime opportunity to make a joke on his username.




No, you are confusing CENTRALIZATION with CONSENSUS.  
And this is because you made THIS assumption:


That is WRONG.
First of all, the users/miners/nodes agree on a PROTOCOL, a SET OF RULES, which the software that connects to the network must adhere to. The software that you need to use itself is NOT fixed, like "you must only run Bitcoin.exe from the designated github".
There are various node and miner software that follow the protocol...
Before the forks, there were tons of software from opposing camps that would work on the Bitcoin network, like Bitcoin Core, Bitcoin Unlimited, Bitcoin ABC, Bitmain even had their own custom mining software to use ASICBoost etc.
Secondly, just because there is a consensus of rules doesn't mean it is centralized. You ask "but who determined these rules?" I'll get to that in the 3rd point, but let's look at gold. Gold is as decentralized as money gets. No central authority that gets the exclusive right to print dollars, anyone can go out and mine it.
And yet, there is CONSENSUS on what gold is. The RULES say, only this yellow metal, atomic number 79 on the periodic table, is to be considered gold. You cannot get a pile of copper and say "this is gold". Because that is what your definition of "decentralization" entails.
Bitcoin ALSO has CONSENSUS on WHAT BITCOIN IS. And like gold, THIS IS UNCHANGEABLE. This brings me to my third point...
Thirdly, you say it is centralized because a certain elite group gets to dictate what the rules are. WRONG AGAIN.
The rules are SET IN STONE.  
**Just like the rules on what gold are CANNOT BE CHANGED, and only the yellow metal with atomic number 79 is considered gold,**   Satoshi said in this famous quote:


ANYTHING that core devs add on top are SOFT FORKS.  
Meaning, these are only OPTIONAL extra features, but no one should be kicked off the bitcoin network for "running an old version", or the bitcoin network having a "required minimum version".
The "new features" added by soft forks (like segwit) are like the "new features" added for gold (e.g. forging it into jewelry, or creating coins out of it). ALL OPTIONAL.


The same way ANYONE can mine gold on their own, without asking anyone for permission, you can ALSO mine bitcoin on your own.
BUT also, just like gold, you have to follow the rules on "WHAT IS GOLD" (yellow metal with atomic number 79), you ALSO have to follow the ONLY rule on "WHAT IS BITCOIN".
To mine gold, you have to FIND this SPECIFIC METAL.  
To mine bitcoin, you have to SOLVE THE HASH of a block of transactions.
So generate 500 bitcoins for yourself? Sure! Just solve the hash of 40 transaction blocks before the next halving.
THIS is the definition of a bitcoin FROM THE START, and this definition WILL NEVER CHANGE and CANNOT be changed by the "elite group of coders". 
Just like you cannot redefine what gold is.
You want to know what the definition of CENTRALIZATION is in the CONTEXT OF CRYPTOCURRENCY?
NO central authority, NO central point-of-control, NO central point-of-failure.
Banks can freeze your accounts, seize your funds.  
They can get hacked and their records changed.  
The system can go down and no one can have access to ANYTHING.
Governments can order all of the above.
This is centralization, and all of the above CANNOT happen with bitcoin. The "elite group of coders" CANNOT add rules to freeze or seize your bitcoin.
If they force such rules, the would need to change the definition of "WHAT IS BITCOIN", which would be a "fork". The original network without will go on, and this new network with a new definition of bitcoin will be a separate fork (like bitcoin cash or bitcoin SV)
@_date: 2019-10-24 17:11:05
If your point is just adoption of an online payment system, AliPay and Wechat already have reached peak adoption in China. Most people there don't even carry cash anymore. They did not need to be cryptocurrencies. And yet due to capital controls, bitcoin is STILL a big hit there.
Because something centralized enough that the government can stick its controlling hand in it does NOT fill the niche I am talking about.
The only real niche cryptocurrencies need to fill.
@_date: 2019-06-07 11:18:08
Breaking down that definition does not even fit YOUR definition:
- **control** of an activity or organization
Nobody has any **control** on bitcoin. Unlike dollars where the fed can print more, no one has control. Everyone just agrees on rules (like how gold is the yellow metal
Consensus is NOT **control**. You do not control other nodes/other people buying gold. They either decide to adhere to the definitions, or they are in a DIFFERENT SYSTEM.
Which is what you are doing, so you are NOT in OUR system. You are basically in your own world.
- under a single authority
The definition of gold is fixed. Yellow metal with atomic number 79. The definition of Bitcoin is fixed as well, it CANNOT be changed anymore.
Sure, there was an authority that defined gold and Bitcoin, but there is no longer an authority that can change these definitions.
And your definition is ignoring the MOST important word in this definition: **CONTROL**
@_date: 2019-06-06 20:14:25


So then you think considering gold as an asset is also centralized?
Since there is consensus: only the yellow metal with atomic number 79 is considered as gold.


Then by your definition, decentralized money CANNOT exist.
Since the VERY CONCEPT of money is that people REACH CONSENSUS on A SPECIFIC THING they can fungibly use as a means of exchange and a unit of account. Whether it be gold coins, dollar bills, or bitcoins. They reach CONSENSUS that a SPECIFIC KIND OF THING is money.
The ONLY "money" that is decentralized BY YOUR DEFINITION is barter, and since "everyone can do their own thing", one person can sell 1 goat for 10 eggs, another can sell 100 goats for 1 egg, and ONLY THEN will it be TRULY DECENTRALIZED.
Since there is no consensus even on the value of things.


This has gotta be a troll. These are the words of a wannabe philosopher.
You sound like you are either high, or doing shrooms or LSD, and think you're like Descartes coming up with "I think therefore I am".
Also, I find it hilarious that you call yourself the WiseTurtle. I believe someone who is truly wise would never call themselves wise, because they would understand how vast the wisdom of mankind is for a single person to fully comprehend and that would humble them. And that the only people who outright call themselves wise are the fools who arrogantly think they know more than they actually do.
@_date: 2019-10-23 05:57:29
Even the [bitcoin time-traveler's]( prediction for 2019 is also looking grim...
\&gt;tfw all famous bitcoin ~~prophecies~~ memes start failing  
\&gt;feelsbadman.jpg :(
@_date: 2019-10-24 12:42:54
I print 1 billion tokens for my new ICO.
I sell 1 token to my buddy for $1.
Marketcap is now $1 billion.
But total trade volume is only $1.
Volume is what matters, not marketcap.
@_date: 2019-06-30 09:17:56
I mean, that's a lot of extra code just for the UI.  
Looking through the code, the only relevant lines seem to be:
    a = random_key()
    print("Btc private key: ", a)
    
    pubfrompriv = privtopub(a)
    print("Public key from chosen private key: ", pubfrompriv)
    
    addfrompub = pubtoaddr(pubfrompriv)
    print("Public address from generated public key:", addfrompub)
You can probably even skip the middle part (the pubkey related stuff).  
I guess most of the actual cryptographic (and randomizer) procedures are in the bitcoin 1.1.42 module.
Although I guess you can trust that module to be legit, since it seems to have been written by Vitalik himself.
@_date: 2019-06-06 21:33:34
You keep saying "original meaning of the word", and yet I looked it up in the dictionary, in fact, MULTIPLE dictionaries:
**Cambridge Dictionary**
/ˌdiːˈsen.trə.laɪz/ US ​  /ˌdiːˈsen.trə.laɪz/
to move the control of an organization or government from a single place to several smaller ones:
decentralize[ dee-sen-truh-lahyz ]
- to distribute the administrative powers or functions of (a central authority) over a less concentrated area:  
*to decentralize the national government.*
1  
*adj( withdrawn from a center or place of concentration; especially having power or function dispersed from a central to local authorities  
*“a decentralized school administration”*
de·cen·tral·ize  
/dēˈsentrəˌlīz/  
*verb*  
- transfer (authority) from central to local government.  
*"Canada has one of the most decentralized governments in the world"*
- move departments of (a large organization) away from a single administrative center to other locations, usually granting them some degree of autonomy.
decentralization *noun*  
de·​cen·​tral·​i·​za·​tion | \\ (ˌ)dē-ˌsen-trə-lə-ˈzā-shən  \\  
Definition of decentralization  
1 : the dispersion or distribution of functions and powers
a decentralization of powers
They are all referring to centralization of AUTHORITY or POWER/CONTROL.  
Usually even in the context of government authority/control.
There is no "mathematically reasonable definition" as you put it.
So basically, you are saying all these dictionaries are wrong, and they do not have the "original meaning of the word" as you put it.
@_date: 2019-10-31 17:02:34


It's actually [TWO pizzas](  
[Original thread](
@_date: 2019-06-04 19:37:57
So is Hagrid?
@_date: 2019-06-10 20:46:17


Obviously someone's never been on /biz/
@_date: 2019-10-13 11:37:16
Source article:
Title: IRS Gets Serious About Crypto With Amendments to Form 1040
(I posted this separately because I noticed links to crypto-news sites I post in tend to be shadow-deleted)
@_date: 2019-10-24 16:46:06


That makes no sense.  
A state-backed cryptocurrency cannot be decentralized.
Any claim a state makes about decentralization can't be trusted, as all it takes is one decree stating miners/nodes must run a new version (e.g. they are given until block  to comply) with different inflation/coin limit/block reward schedule/monetary policy, with the threat of being shut down and/or arrest for non-compliance, and we are back at square one printing fiat out of thin air.
So using crypto or blockchain (or other DLT tech) makes no sense, as without decentralization, it is nothing but a slow database.  
VISA and Mastercard already have working systems in place, and these are instant and have no scaling issues.
The only real way a cryptocurrency can be decentralized is if it has no figurehead who can dictate policy.


I've answered this one so many times, I'm just gonna repost [my response]( here:
Bitcoin is a global experiment. 
The actual test is to find out whether:  
- it is an unobsoletable **store-of-value** like gold, or  
- it is an obsoletable **technology** like Myspace and Friendster 
If it is the second one, then NO CRYPTO will ever be worth considering as a store-of-value, since it can always be obsoleted by something "newer and better". 
Institutional money and countries will never use it as a store-of-value, so you will never see trillion dollar marketcaps. 
This is why an altcoin or a fork cannot flip Bitcoin.  
A flippening will show that crypto is classified as the second option above, so it can never be classified as the first option above.
Why? Because a flippening will prove that there is no such thing as **digital scarcity**, as the cap doesn't matter if you can "create" a "better" coin, with a new supply.
@_date: 2019-06-02 14:06:22
You should edit this info directly into the OP, so that if anyone knows how, they can help you with that directly.
@_date: 2019-10-05 15:05:19
This actually makes me sad. 99.99% of my customers use PayPal checkout on my online store (using their credit/debit card or PayPal account), and I was hoping that since PayPal was one of the Libra founders, this meant I could seamlessly go from PayPal to Libra, then deposit that Libra onto an exchange where I could easily convert it to BTC.
That would've basically meant I could very painlessly buy BTC with all my online store earnings.
@_date: 2019-10-12 20:37:33
I am a bitcoin maximalist, and I believe in the $10 million dollar bitcoin endgame (if you check my post history, you'll find this much is true).
That said, I disagree with some of the things has said, most specifically, these two things:
1. That something that differentiates itself enough to "make it", has a completely different application, and is in a completely different environment, and thus doesn't obsolete the first thing. (e.g. his example on Ethereum's use-case being completely different from Bitcoin's)
2. For something to fail, it has to fail from the inside spectacularly, and that it cannot be replaced by something slight better (or even much better).
In point  sometimes, we've seen technology that supposedly had a completely different application, completely obsolete something that has a completely different use-case, when it has use-case OVERLAP.
And when the new thing does the thing it doesn't really specialize in MUCH BETTER than the old way that actually was specialized just for it.
e.g. the Internet killed off:
- fax machines (except for a few boomers that still use it like executives in Japan),
- using the post office for simple text communication (unfortunately, you can't send packages through e-mail)
- DVD rentals (once streaming and high-bandwidth connections started appearing)
Right now, Ethereum imo does have use-case overlap with Bitcoin.
BUT they don't have as perfect a monetary policy/inflation schedule as Bitcoin, YET. I'm wary of ETH 2.0 though, which is supposedly involves a TENTHENING (not just a halving), causing it to have a much smaller inflation than Bitcoin.
Although the fact that they could easily change the inflation schedule like that, imo, is a point towards Bitcoin. That just shows how centralized ETH still is.
And as for point  sometimes, SCALE can cause obsoletion.
e.g.  
- CD killed the VHS/Betamax.  
- And then DVD pushed out CDs in the movie retail business (because a single CD wasn't good enough, a single 185min movie required TWO discs, and the video quality was still shit).  
- MP3s killed audio CDs
Cars obsoleted horses with carriages.
I'm just hoping LN fixes all of the scaling problems bitcoin is encountering. Because the scaling issue seems to be the ONLY weak point bitcoin has that could cause it to "SPECTACULARLY FAIL" as he put it.
@_date: 2019-06-07 20:12:43
Nope, because that's not what decentralized means IN THIS SYSTEM. Here, decentralized means no central authority has control. You are in your own imaginary world where you assign control to concepts like consensus. It's centralized only in your warped and WRONG definition. Stick to it if you want, but you are not going to convince anyone else.
@_date: 2019-10-16 18:33:18


That sounds great, a wallet made by an ASIC in like 2-3 days would take an attacker probably more than a month to crack using a normal computer.
But it also works the other way... an attacker with an ASIC would be able to easily crack in a short time something that took a normal user with no ASIC like a day or two on their computer to make. 
In fact, they'd always beat non-ASIC users out in trying to sweep the funds, unless the user kept the private key.
In the end, I'd probably switch the chain hash function to something else like SHA-512.  
Or chain several different hashing functions together in each round (like sha512(sha256(x)), maybe even throw in something like PBKDF2 or RIPEMD160 in there.
@_date: 2019-06-07 19:00:25
You are redefining the word control to your own interpretation.
As I said in my previous post above:


You are not adhering to the definitions of control, authority, centralization, and decentralization that are set in THIS SYSTEM, which EVERYONE is a part of.
So you are ALONE in YOUR system, with definitions NO ONE accepts EXCEPT YOU ALONE.
You basically made your own fork of the definitions of these words.
So this will be my last response to you, enjoy your own world, outside the system. I'd be happy for you if you can even find JUST ONE PERSON that agrees with you.
@_date: 2019-06-04 06:11:27
 can autocomplete addresses. 
Also tagging and @_date: 2019-06-06 21:50:23
But you said in this post:  


And yet, when I actually DO lookup the dictionary definitions, and show you that YOU were the one going against the dictionary, you suddenly move the goalposts!
And even centralized in dictionaries say the same thing:
cen·tral·ize  
/ˈsentrəˌlīz/  
concentrate (control of an activity or organization) under a single authority.
**Cambridge Dictionary**
centralize  
verb [ T ] uk also centralise UK ​ /ˈsen.trə.laɪz/ US ​  /ˈsen.trə.laɪz/
to remove authority in a system, company, country, etc. from local places to one central place so that the whole system, etc. is under central control
You are completely missing that "central" here is used purely in a POLITICAL manner. Referring ONLY to authority and control. 
NOT in a "mathematical" manner (which is seemingly NEVER the correct context once you add the -ize suffix and use it as a verb, I don't think I've EVER seen it be used that way in -ize verb form).
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:04:30
As someone who is a wannabe trader, tried it a few times, won some, lost some, have you tried it?
How was it? 
I'm curious, I've been seriously burnt out by trying to trade for a few months, and now I barely can do it due to all the stress, so I'm curious how you are doing so far.
@_date: 2019-06-09 19:56:02


This exactly. I have been searching for a video showing passphrase entry into the latest models (Nano X and Trezor Model T) because I wanted to know if you can enter the full ascii character set (uppercase and lowercase, as well as symbols and punctuations) on the device itself instead of using the host keyboard.
But I NEVER found any video showcasing this. I could even find only one (non-english) video of someone entering a passphrase into their Ledger. But he only used dictionary words in a single case, not even mixed case, and no numbers/symbols.
I even wanted further clarification if the passphrase had to be visible on the screen (instead of starred out like *******), because I am also concerned about over-the-shoulder "attacks" or CCTV exposure (since the main use case for me of a hardware wallet is the ability to use it anywhere, even malware-ridden computers).


This is also very useful info that is also very concerning. As I said that a major use case for me for hardware wallets is to have emergency fund access anywhere (e.g. being stranded in the middle of nowhere with  no way to cash out except via a malware-filled computer), knowing about over-the-shoulder risks like this is very important.
@_date: 2019-06-05 04:53:25
I think the only whales who can successfully pull off the said manipulation are exchanges that offer margin trading.
Otherwise, they're just gambling.  
Imagine if a whale dumped 1000 BTC, hoping to cause a panic, so they can rebuy their 1000 BTC plus a bit more on the dip.  
What if the price bounces?  
They won't be able to rebuy 1000 BTC anymore.  
They just wasted a whole bunch of coins.  
That's basically large scale gambling.
BUT if you are an exchange, you KNOW ALL_THE_DETAILS of the longs that will be liquidated if you dump a specific amount of bitcoin.  
Specifically, you know HOW MANY bitcoins the liquidated longs will be forced to dump on the market.
If the amount of bitcoins that will be dumped by the liquidated longs is MUCH greater than the amount of bitcoins you need to dump to liquidate them, an exchange owner can, in a single atomic move i.e. uninterruptible by other trades:
- place a buy order (possibly hidden) that is at an exact point where they know the price will dump to, big enough to catch most of the force-dumped bitcoins by the liquidated longs
- then dump all the needed bitcoins to liquidate them (without letting any other trades get through after the previous step)
They can place their buy order as low as possible, so that they rebuy their dumped bitcoins (plus a bit more) MUCH CHEAPER.  
After all, they know ALL THE ORDERS in their exchange, so they know EXACTLY how far the price will fall.
Same for shorts.  
It's free USD if there are enough shorts to squeeze.
Margin traders are basically at the mercy of the exchange in this unregulated setting.  
And you see MOST of these move start at the exchanges with margin trading (BitMEX and Bitfinex).  
Don't margin trade.
@_date: 2019-06-07 20:19:46
I've seen a lot of these studies separate payments from transactions to/from exchanges.
But I pay for things (like domain names) straight from exchanges using withdrawals.
Since it'd be troublesome to pay from my cold storage (would have to redo all my backups), I just pay from the 5% of my stack that I am using to learn to trade with.
So them separating exchange transactions from payments is already incorrect in my case.
@_date: 2019-06-15 11:37:19
There's this:
Also tagging @_date: 2019-06-12 14:40:01
I believe that this can definitely happen, but I wish it happens within my lifetime, and soon enough that it's still meaningful TO ME. 
i.e. not when I'm already 60-70+
@_date: 2019-06-06 21:53:25


YES! Specifically because of this:




Your words.


And when both sides start defending each perspective, THAT's a debate.
Seriously, dude, I wanted to believe you are just a "thinker" because of all your posts I saw in your profile, but now I'm starting to think you ARE actually a career troll.
Is the name Turll like actually from Troll? lol
@_date: 2019-06-19 20:59:25
I don't agree with "gold being a greater boss to beat".
Gold has an $8T marketcap. If bitcoin reaches that marketcap, it would have a valuation of around $380k per bitcoin. I think the next bubble could peak at around that point. And I don't think that's too far off, I want to say it might happen after the next halving.
Meanwhile, beating the Fed or the US Dollar, would mean bitcoin has become the world reserve currency. This is a totally different ballgame. The power of the petrodollar, the ability of the US to sanction countries... this is literally what this stage is going to be fighting against. And they will not give up that power easily.
^^^^Also ^^^^tagging ^^^^@_date: 2019-06-04 21:36:29
Imagine if you were Satoshi.  
And you're actually alive.
Everyone thinks you are dead. Bitcoin has proven itself and will almost certainly reach trillions in marketcap in the future, eclipsing and even replacing gold, and maybe even turning into the world's reserve currency, thus absorbing all the wealth in the world, which is hundreds of trillions worth.
You own 5% of the total supply (probably a much higher percentage if you deduct the lost and burnt coins). If you just wait until the events above happen, you could literally suddenly rule the world when you reappear after bitcoin has absorbed most if not all of the wealth in the world.
Or you can reappear early, right now, just to shut down a fraud that is convincing NO ONE, just to push his ALTCOIN. And your reappearance could possibly cause BTC to dump once people realize you are alive and still control over 1 million BTC, halting the progress towards those world-changing events for possibly decades, maybe even past your lifespan, or even worse, possibly preventing it from happening ever.
Would it even be worth it?  
Just to stop a fraud that is convincing NO ONE?  
Considering you ALSO have a 5% control over the total supply of his ALTCOIN due to the free coins from the fork.  
When the alternative scenario is potential world domination?
@_date: 2019-12-05 22:48:31
[I only buy the top](
@_date: 2019-06-02 14:54:57
Wtf are you talking about?
All I am saying is that you should edit this phrase into the OP:


Otherwise, all you'll get is people trying to assist you with getting your **BTC only** back from your blockchain.info wallet (and nothing else, not your BCH, not your BSV, not your BTG, etc ). Just look at the comments you've gotten and you'll see this is the kind of assistance you are getting. 
EDIT: although someone said you can export private keys from blockchain.info so maybe there's your answer
@_date: 2019-06-06 21:21:54
Then your definition of a debate differs from what I define to be a debate.
You have to admit, THAT's a gotcha.
@_date: 2017-11-20 16:21:07
Did you show your friend this old text?
Would like to know their reaction, especially given the current price. :p
@_date: 2019-12-11 09:22:54
Great! Where do you think the Bitcoin market is headed??!!
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:09:50
There will only be 21 million bitcoins ever mined. This is the maximum amount.
Currently, each bitcoin can only be divided into 100 million units (each unit is called a satoshi). 100 million satoshis = 1 bitcoin.
If that is not enough for the whole world (e.g. in case bitcoin becomes a world currency), they can divide the satoshis even further more via hard fork (which we all know how hard one is to pull off on the main chain, the entire political bitcoin war is over such a thing).
Even then, the 21 million bitcoin limit stands, only that each bitcoin gets a smaller unit of division than the satoshi.
@_date: 2019-12-12 16:46:56
If someone gets your seed and they know they also need a passphrase, they're gonna be brute-forcing it.
They'll basically run a program that will run through dictionary words, well-known phrases (taken from literary works, song lyrics, etc), and the worst case for them is to need to run through all possible character/number combinations.
If you are vulnerable to a dictionary-attack, or it's a phrase they can guess or a computer can search/lookup, it's gonna be trivial for them to get it.
Just look at this case:


Literally an obscure language from who knows where, with a literary work that is supposedly also very obscure, was hacked. Don't use something like this.
@_date: 2019-06-25 14:50:10
Is this 2011 post by Bitcointalk user "PeterSchiff " actually him?












@_date: 2019-06-11 21:19:35
So from what I understand (which is not a lot, not much at all, so bear with me):  
QE is when the central bank prints money to buy up assets like stocks and bonds, in order to prop up the price and prevent a crash of the market. 
I don't understand why they would ever have an incentive to ever "dump" all the shares they own though... since they don't NEED the money that can be made from selling the shares, since they can just print more just like they did during QE...
Also since after all the "buying" they've been doing, they have holdings so massive they've become majority shareholders for almost everything, there's no way they can sell off without crashing the markets... and why would the money printers themselves ever even need to sell?
Since that seems to be the only action needed for the "bubble pop", why would they EVER even do it?
Can anyone clarify for a finance/economics brainlet?
@_date: 2019-06-15 23:02:13
What happened next?
@_date: 2019-12-22 07:11:00
Not the same person, but people will ask for the bitcoin address because it is easy to check the details on an online block explorer, like blockchain.info
Like some exchanges will not credit you until you have at least 6 confirmations, so they can check if you already have 6 confirmations.
Of course, you can easily do this yourself.
You can also confirm if you have the "clipboard malware" everyone is talking about by copying the bitcoin address provided by Coinbase, then try to paste it somewhere else like Notepad. Then compare whether it pasted the same address as the one you copied (these malware usually replace the address you paste with their own address).
@_date: 2019-12-09 18:26:53
Ugh, I actually WANT a miner capitulation to happen.
Because if you read Willy Woo's "difficulty ribbon" analysis (which is not just based on "crystal-ball TA", but rather, it's based on the stock-to-flow model, which is one of the most sound models of bitcoin supply and pricing), he basically states that:
Miner capitulation ALWAYS precedes the bull run. This is because that causes a supply shock, as the only miners left are the ones who do not have to sell to pay bills (e.g. those with free/subsidized electricity, etc.), and thus are the strongest holders.
But I've read the fair value for bitcoin based on current stock-to-flow is around 6k (not sure if that has changed now, as that was like 2 months ago), so I should've seen this coming.
Theoretically, miners will keep joining while it's profitable (until the margins are razor thin, THEN that will trigger the miner capitulation that will supposedly signal the start of the next bull phase).
@_date: 2019-06-06 21:09:44


No, I'm not dismissing it, but I am saying you are being ridiculous. In your extreme attempt to be "open-minded" to the definition of "centralization", you have actually closed off your mind to some other complex concepts, concepts that can only exist within the given parameters of the system.
It's funny actually, I've been looking through your profile, and I saw your posts about try to define yourself what decentralization really is, and that "money is sacrifice".
That second one really caught my attention, because it emphasizes my point on how you are missing concepts in your quest to "analyze everything down to its core" or whatever it is you are doing. To be precise, the fact that money can be made without having to sacrifice anything.
I used to like to "analyze things" like that too... I had concepts like "money is an IOU from society", like because you can trade your services for money, or you can sell goods, then you can redeem it later for other goods/services. It basically signifies that you traded some value to obtain it (work or goods), so you deserve to get some back.
Then I saw something that made me realize I was completely wrong.
Have you seen/read Liar Game: Revival Round? Or have you read Trump's story going from billions to negative billions, back to billions?
Watch Liar Game: Revival Round, I recommend it.
When I did, I realized money is nothing but a unit of account. Nothing but numbers. And if you have another separate unit of account, and you understand the system, money having value stops making sense because they are just numbers in ONE system. And there can be MANY other systems.
In Liar Game: Revival Round, everyone was focusing on keeping the 100 million dollars loaned to each of them. They never realized, the votes are ANOTHER currency. And Akiyama manages to obtain ALL the millions AND the votes for Nao by taking the value from one system (votes) and leveraging it with value from the other system (dollars).
Watch it, it's amazing.
Trump does something similar. He disregards having negative billions and continues doing business, because his money is no longer his investment, it's his debts. He basically uses debts as a currency in his own system of account.
They are all just numbers.
Anyway, I don't really care whatever your definition of centralization or decentralization is. But your definition is NOT the one being used in ALL conversations in this subreddit, so this place is NOT the proper place to debate about that definition.
The same way you wouldn't go to a computer programming forum and debate with them that a computer "bug" is not a bug because it is not an organism that belongs to the Kingdom Animalia, Phylum Arthropoda, Subphylum Hexapoda, class Insecta.
Each field has it's own standardized definition for terms WITHIN THAT FIELD, and cryptocurrency has its own definition for centralization (which is NOT your definition).
If you disagree, I suggest going to coding forums to debate that computer bugs are not bugs because they aren't insects.
@_date: 2019-12-12 09:52:38
Use a passphrase.
Use a decently long and random one.
It's clunky and unwieldy to use, but the extra security is worth it.
Even if they extract your seed from the device, they still can't get your coins without your passphrase.
You should be using a passphrase anyway so that you have a decoy wallet in case someone decides to force you to give up your coins using the [$5 wrench attack](
@_date: 2017-04-24 08:40:40
"Buy the rumor, sell the news."
Meaning, more likely than not, Segwit activation is already factored in the price.
@_date: 2017-04-24 22:47:20


What the fuck? Where is all your hostility coming from?


No, but if you sell machines, you are still increasing the difficulty by giving hashrate to outside parties.
Meaning eventually you will have to add more miners if you want to maintain your income, to probably a similar ratio to the amount you are selling.
The ONLY way it can make sense is if you had a hidden advantage like ASICBoost that nullifies any advantage, making selling miners to other people FREE MONEY, as you are not selling the same thing you are using.


No I don't.
Are you fucking stupid, where did you even see me mention this?
It's fucking infuriating that you are making assumptions that are totally WRONG and MORONIC.
I don't think I'm smarter than them.
I think they are GENIUSES. They are selling DISABLED miners (no ASICBoost). It's like selling broken shit.
That is the ONLY way I see this making sense. Not your stupid as fuck "sell-or-process-further" argument.
I tried to be civil with you but not with your fucking retarded attitude..
@_date: 2017-04-23 03:25:14
Open-source software AND open-source hardware you can DIY!
That solves all your doubts! @_date: 2017-04-24 22:56:06
They have better miners. They are just selling you their used shit. There are plenty of people claiming this, that they have the next generation miners, and what they are selling you is obsolete to them.
Basically a "final payout" from the obsolete miner.
And with covert ASICBoost available only to them, they gain permanent advantage, so they can sell the same miner and still have yours be obsolete compared to theirs.
It might also be that they can't mine. Mining is profitable only in places where electricity is free or very cheap. But then this obviously does not apply to Bitmain.
@_date: 2017-04-21 02:10:45
All other coins on BFX are also on a premium because a lot of other people have already had this idea.
@_date: 2017-04-02 05:35:42
And the rising upvote count of that post indicates that either most people there are too dull to recognize an April Fools joke, or it's just bots upvoting.
@_date: 2019-04-23 03:31:39
Just remember when creating a password-protected archive on 7zip, make sure to click the AES option (and NOT ZipCrypto, which I think is selected by default). 
One is secure even against the FBI, one can be cracked in 5 minutes on a laptop.
@_date: 2017-04-24 22:05:18


Oh this much is clear. It's the difference between instant 
What would be relevant is how long the ROI is on a miner. If recovering manufacturing cost takes too long, selling miners is better. But if recovering manufacturing cost is within a reasonable timeframe, keeping it for yourself is much better.
I see no reasonable middle ground, it's not like Bitmain doesn't have a massive bankroll already. They don't need to make partial sales to "cover expenses".
Also since increasing the hashpower of outside parties INCREASES THE DIFFICULTY, which REDUCES the income your miners generate.
I only see one reason they would do so:
If they had covert ASICBOOST enabled on their miners and NOT on the ones they sell.
In that case, you can consider "enabling ASICBOOST" as a "process-further", making it a different product. I'd have accepted it if this was your explanation on the relevance of "sell-and-process-further", but it wasn't.
Also, selling "disabled miners" poses no threat to your hashpower.


What?? Sorry I fail to see how you reach that conclusion at all.
With miners, once they reach ROI (i.e. once they have paid for themselves in manufacturing cost), everything afterwards is pure profit (assuming they pay for themselves in electricity and overhead cost, which you can deduct from gross profit).
You can spend it (net profit) all you want.


That sounds condescending. Since you are talking about bitcoin's value or barriers, I'd like some hard numbers then. What would be the ROI on a miner (in manufacturing costs)?
Seems like a fail assumption to just assume earning by selling an "income generator" could be comparable to potential returns, without actually looking at the numbers, i.e. the ROI.
@_date: 2017-04-24 13:11:49
It still goes back to the original question:


I've never heard of "sell-or-process-further" before, I just googled it after previous poster linked it, and argued against it.
If the miner will earn more in "process-further" steps than its sell cost, it is not worth selling at all. And in the examples I linked of "sell-or-process-further", there are only limited steps in "process-further" (i.e. you can only add so much value to increase the price).
Whereas the "process-further" steps with a miner is "infinite" **in that context**.


I suggest reading up in the link in my post ([here it is again]( to understand why the "infinite" assertion is relevant as a reply to the answer that "sell-or-process-further" is relevant as to why one would sell a miner.
As that was the post I was responding to.
Getting technical with the "exact meaning of infinite" is not really relevant to the earlier trend of the conversation.
@_date: 2017-04-26 08:29:04
It's funny, I try to give valid arguments, and all you can do is attack me personally.
You've never actually given a valid argument in this entire thread, all you've done is personally attack me instead each and every time.
It's not even worth it wasting time talking to you.
@_date: 2017-04-24 09:04:18
Reading through the examples of sell-or-process-further, it seems most examples have a finite/limited amount of process-further's, after which you reach a limit.
Miners are a completely different beast, they generate revenue. You can infinitely do process-furthers in the ["Incremental Approach"]( generating infinite revenue.
If you count the "Opportunity Cost of Not Selling at Split-Off", it's INFINITE.
It makes no sense to sell it.
@_date: 2017-04-24 22:12:11


The basic idea is this:
Once a miner pays for itself (i.e. once it mines an equivalent amount to it's manufacturing cost, or better yet, it's sale cost), everything afterwards is pure profit.
So that is effectively "infinite value", since you have already recovered your original investment.
The other question is if the miner's income is enough to pay for its overheard (electricity etc.) Which I assume they should, otherwise mining would not be profitable.
So the real question here is:  
What is the timeframe it takes for a miner to pay for itself? If it is a reasonable timeframe, selling is a losing proposition no matter what.
And if it is not within a reasonable timeframe, keeping a miner for yourself is not a good idea.
That would be what I'd like to see calculations on. How long does it take a miner to pay for itself.
@_date: 2019-04-22 16:39:09


Choosing that, along with safe deposit boxes, makes you vulnerable to law-enforcement seizures (e.g. court order to have your assets seized will include bank safe deposit boxes)
And as for Blackberry encryption, after a quick google search:






My method is to simply have it AES-encrypted via 7-zip on  an offline airgapped computer running a LiveCD, with a VERY LONG unbruteforceable unguessable password, then store it on TWO separate locations (to protect against calamities like fires).
AES encryption is so secure, that [not even the FBI could supposedly crack something AES-encrypted by TrueCrypt even after trying for an entire year](
And supposedly, [7-zip's implementation is harder to brute force because it uses a key-extension](
I personally have copies hidden in 3 USB drives, one in my parents' house, one at home (hidden somewhere where I'll know instantly if it's accessed, as it requires breaking structures i.e. walls), and one on my person at all times (with a completely different password for this one). And disguised as different files ([basically disguising a 7zip archive as a simple image](
And I use Google's inactive account manager as a "deadman's switch", which sends an email to my beneficiaries if I am not online for a specified period of time. This email outlines the locations where the USBs are hidden, AND how to obtain the password. (The password itself is NOT stored directly in the email, in case someone hacks the Google account, they do not get BOTH the USB location and the password).
It instead leads to a "treasure hunt" type thing, with multiple ways they can obtain the password (which involves a bank safe deposit box, a will entrusted to a retained lawyer, and private information only my beneficiaries would know as a password, etc). 
This part is a bit complicated, as I made it like a 2-out-of-3 sig, so that in case not all of them are present (e.g. they were deceased in an accident with me), the others can still unlock it with what they know. (And in case my assets are seized, and they are unable to access the safe deposit box or the will from the lawyer, they can STILL access it if they are ALL present).
Basically, I encrypted multiple copies of the password, with only partial combinations of the above as the key.
Here's an example (not my actual setup):
The Google Inactive account manager "deadman" email contains the message:
- your inheritance is stored in a USB located in the wall behind the headboard at my house, and in the wall behind the refrigerator at my parent's house. Rename selfie.jpg to selfie.7z on the USB, then download 7zip to open this file. 
- The password to the 7zip file can be found by following the instructions found in the file justanotherfile.zip in the google drive with login email abcde and password 12345. A backup copy can be found on my laptop, in C:\Docs\justanotherfile.zip
- This inheritance is substantial (enough to retire), so take the effort to understand these instructions.
The file justanotherfile.zip contains multiple AES-encrypted 7zips, but they all just contain the LONG password for the will (selfie.7z). Basically, it contains:
- password1.7z
- clue1.txt
- password2.7z
- clue2.txt
- password3.7z
- clue3.txt
Each clue tells them how to open the corresponding 7z, e.g.
clue1.txt contains:
- this is one of the ways you can open the will in selfie.7z. You can find the password in password1.7z by combining the 25-digit number in my safety deposit box, the 25-letter secret "word" specified in my will with my attorney, mom's friendster password, and mom's phone PIN. (2 pieces of info I know only she and me know).
clue2.txt contains:
- this is one of the ways you can open the will in selfie.7z. You can find the password in password2.7z by combining the 25-digit number in my safety deposit box, the 25-letter secret "word" specified in my will with my attorney, my girlfriend's 2nd facebook password, her gmail password, and the title of the song playing when we first had sex in all caps (all info privy only to us).
Basically clue1 allows my mom to open it alone, if she had access to the safety deposit box and the will with the lawyer (who was instructed to allow reading of the will only if all LIVING beneficiaries are present, this is also written in the will).
clue2 allows my gf to open it alone.
clue3 allows the two of them to open it along with the will (even without the deposit box).
**This setup protects against:** 
- **data loss,**
- **the state wanting to seize my assets (e.g. the safe deposit box opened by a court order),**
- **a corrupt lawyer,**
- **a hacked google account,**
- **house thieves finding the USB (even if they know how to use crypto, and even if they know how to brute-force protected files),**
- **or an ill-actor among one of the beneficiaries (i.e. wanting everything to themself).**
- **and calamities**
@_date: 2018-03-08 04:22:07
If you look at the phrases






It's almost like he's making excuses for panic selling the bottom, when the price bounced to almost double after he did.
@_date: 2018-03-08 04:41:20
I just learned that the Mt.Gox trustee guy is apparently  


according to [this article](
That article has some great visualizations, notably:
- [the amounts of btc moved on the Mt.Gox wallet](
- [the exact points (on the BTCUSD chart) after the movements](
@_date: 2019-01-04 04:09:36


Do you know what civil forfeiture is? Or what if you're getting mugged?
You can be coerced into using your fingerprint to unlock it/sign a transaction, they can't force a pin code/passphrase out of you. 
And multiple incorrect pin code attempts wipes the device.
And if you have a passphrase, you can even have decoy wallets.
@_date: 2019-01-03 01:26:44
When they get passphrase support, THEN I'll get one.
It's the only real feature every major wallet has that they're completely missing.
Well... that and pincode protection with limited attempts.
@_date: 2018-03-08 08:05:18
Also, apparently, Kraken (or Kraken's CEO) advised the trustee that if they were to sell any coins, they should do so in an auction, which Kraken also offered to facilitate. But this advise was apparently ignored.
From this [reddit post]( by &gt; We advised the trustee that if they were to sell any coins (not advised), they should do it in an auction, which we would be happy to facilitate. This was months ago. We never heard anything again about the coin sale until the creditors meeting, along with the general public. It's possible they're getting guidance from someone else. Unfortunately, we don't have any insight in to how this went down.
@_date: 2019-01-04 04:12:44
Both Trezor and Ledger Nano S have this feature, I suggest looking it up.
By adding a custom word  to your seed phrases (ANY word, even a complicated one like 8b38bljbKLJBkjbKJB9fv283), you can have a completely different wallet.
So you can have the passphrase-less wallet as a decoy wallet/small spending hotwallet, and have another decoy wallet if you want with a separate passphrase, and a cold storage wallet with even another passphrase.
So you can give up "the contents of your wallet" when under duress/being mugged/being forced under civil forfeiture (while still keeping most hidden).
@_date: 2019-01-04 08:54:36


I'd love to see a technical article/document/public disclosure type of thing that would analyze and detail out all the flaws, vulnerabilities, and possible attack vectors on the Coolwallet.
Like just the fact that it lists the seed words on the mobile app (making it vulnerable to tampering by an Android virus/modified apk/etc), or not being able to "verify the transaction on device before signing it" as you stated (which prevents the user from being able to spot "address replacement" by viruses, which is doable on all other hardware wallets), etc.
I tried to look for such a list before but all I could find were praises about it, mostly due to how it's just like a credit card.
Even better if it REs the mobile app APK, or does whatever the equivalent is of wireshark on the bluetooth connection.
I wish Trezor or Ledger releases a "display card" style wallet. I'd buy that one in a hurry.
@_date: 2018-03-08 04:06:00
From [the report]( he says:


But if you look at the blockchain activity from the articles on the front page right now:
- he sold 6000 btc crashing the price from 16k to 10k
- he sold 18000 btc at the bottom at 6k
Obviously guy was just market selling, and panic sold the bottom after seeing the price crashing (due to his shenanigans).
This just seems like a market/trading noob whose real specialty is law. And he probably just googled "how to sell bitcoin" and nobody told him about OTC desks or auctions or the like.
@_date: 2019-01-04 04:32:10
When I saw the setup process, where the seed words appear ON THE APP, not on the device itself, I was already a bit irked.
The private key/seed words should NEVER leave the secure wallet, as it should only send signed transactions, which are signed on-device.
I've seen a fair share of viruses on Android (adding ad popups on the homescreen/launcher, installing rogue apps that keep coming back even when uninstalled), a mobile OS is NOT a secure environment.
Makes me doubt how much of the "secure processes" that should supposedly be done ONLY on the secure wallet were offloaded onto the "more easily programmable" mobile app.
So while I can see the CoolWallet being my spending wallet, holding a small amount of coins, I'd NEVER use it as my cold storage.
But the form factor IS really cool though.
@_date: 2018-02-04 14:34:54
Bad way to word your title OP, IMO.
Apparently, his account is being closed because he is of Nigerian origin.
Nothing about bitcoin or crypto in the news article, but your title having "closing bank accounts", "de-risk", and "Bitcoin" in one sentence sorta made me assume something else...
I guess it's my fault for skimming the title quickly, but I think most people do.
@_date: 2018-03-08 06:59:58
It's literally on mtgox.com
It's even been traced to the wallet address, check out the details on the link in [this post](
@_date: 2018-03-08 16:04:37
What I see here is 
- a nocoiner (obvious by the quip "suckers") ...
- "redditor for a day" ...
- larping as someone who had coins in MtGox  
    (which supposedly makes it so that only his opinion matters, because he has a stake in it, while everyone else who didn't have coins in MtGox, should "mind their own business", as if the market being irresponsibly dumped upon is NOT our business).
"Objective" my ass.
@_date: 2018-03-08 08:17:11


No it was not, [someone here on reddit mapped the dates of the wallet movements to the price chart]( and he literally sold at ATH, and at every "TA support level" since.
@_date: 2018-02-18 06:37:55
RIP in pieces.
See you again when you FOMO back in after it breaks 20k.
@_date: 2018-03-09 05:01:11
Low key I wish bitcoin becomes the world currency, and becomes worth more than $1 million (which is meaningless because no one uses dollars anymore).
Then his friends regularly say "remember that time you dumped 40000 btc? Could purchase the USA with half of that now no? Good times", and he just hangs his head in shame.
@_date: 2017-09-09 12:33:00
Yeah, the best way to claim your BCash from an address that also has BTC is to FIRST send your BTC to another address, so that you are 100% sure it's only BCash you're dealing with in that wallet.
THEN you can send your BCash without worries.
This is ALWAYS the recommended order all over this sub, as BCash has replay protection. So if you send the BTC out, the BCash WILL NOT follow (and the BTC transaction CANNOT be replayed on the BCash network to steal your BCash).
Anyway, at this point, it seems your best option is to add a bit more to that address so that it hits $5000, and do it within the **7 days WINDOW PERIOD**.
Although I'd also first contact Bittrex to confirm if this is allowed. As the wording on your provided "Bittrex policy" link seems to refer to "deposit" as singular, meaning they might say that it has to be $5000 in a SINGLE deposit (in which case you would be SOL).
(EDIT: Actually, I just rechecked your blockchain link right now, seems you're SOL anyway as the 7 day window period is WAY over).
@_date: 2018-03-08 09:16:15
It increases awareness, which can lead to action if it gets to the right people.
Like how all the complaints posted everywhere about how the Coinbase BCH listing (and the pre-pump, as well as the order book oddities) eventually led to [Coinbase being hit by a lawsuit for alleged insider trading](
All we are doing here is increasing awareness, that it can eventually get to someone who may possibly get Mt.Gox trustee Nobuaki Kobayashi accountable for his reckless actions. [Especially after Kraken's CEO supposedly advised him to sell via an auction, which they also offered to facilitate, advise which was completely ignored](
@_date: 2019-09-17 17:17:21


That's a pretty old model, what iOS version is it running on?
I know some old iOS versions could be jailbroken just by visiting a website... that means the browser itself has root access vulnerability.
There might be some sites that still try this attack vector. Did you visit any other sites on your iPhone 5S?
**EDIT**: after a quick google search, seems this is still the case even for the latest iOS version that 5S supports: 
So it's possible one of the sites you visited on your iPhone was malicious.
@_date: 2019-09-17 04:03:37
But that was probably because it was flying under the radar.
But now that it has hit the front page of well, let's just hope no one who can do anything about it is watching.  
It's not like this hit Reddit's front page.
Just like that [Google employee who was living in a truck in the parking lot on Google campus]( He was able to do it for like over a year, and even security knew he was there and said he had a "sweet setup".
But then after his story went viral, all the publicity got him [kicked out of the parking lot by the higher ups](
@_date: 2018-03-09 04:56:59
They are an exchange.  
The Winklevoss owns Gemini.
@_date: 2019-09-28 16:50:15
That only makes sense if you live from paycheck to paycheck.
If you actually save a significant part of your salary, then this argument falls apart.
Imagine after saving a significant part of your salary for years, and when you thought you've saved enough for 2 years expenses, it just happens that all the prices have gone up and now what you saved is only good for 1 year, or just 6-8 months.
Or like spend that dollar now to buy one potato now, or save it but you can only buy half a potato with it after a few years.
It's like people are being punished for saving.
@_date: 2019-09-17 17:34:42
What? Do you know who this guy is?
He's the author of the book "The Bitcoin Standard"
I haven't watched the video yet, but I'm guessing he probably discusses possible attacks on bitcoin such as government bans, and then debunks them all.
@_date: 2019-09-10 11:54:50
I'm guessing OP is posting this because this was recently brought up (just a few hours ago, and the recipient also replied on when they sold, at around $500):
@_date: 2019-09-10 15:16:15


That's incorrect.  
I suggest rereading what I said:


COUNTRIES [stockpile gold]( because they are secure that it will NEVER be obsoleted.  
(until asteroid mining picks up)  
COUNTRIES will NOT stockpile crypto if history has shown that it can be obsoleted.
Crypto will never reach that status if bitcoin is flipped. It will be at most a speculative vehicle, like penny stocks, and never a STATE-LEVEL store-of-value.
@_date: 2019-09-10 16:00:03


I was never a fan of that idea. 
1. Some technologies are just way too fundamentally different. Like IOTA's DAG or NANO's block lattice.
2. The innate security of bitcoin makes it resistant to hardforks and/or contentious forks, so making such radical changes to the code will be very hard, unless it is something all miners and nodes will instantly agree to, like if ECDSA was compromised and we were to switch to an uncompromised cryptography.
Even so, that still doesn't change my mind.  
Gold did not "need" to "quickly adapt" to anything newer and better, even when better tech like credit cards exist.


Have you even looked at gold's price chart?
It has gone through several boom-bust cycles itself. This is unavoidable with anything that has its price speculated on on the market. It has happened so often that the Wyckoff method was made to explain it, and it has repeated throughout history. Whales will accumulate the bottom until supply runs thin, then the market will naturally rise due to supply not meeting demand, then the whales sell off. It's just market psychology that cannot be prevented.


There's a statistic that is something like 99% of altcoins go down 95% in value over time. Most people post the pics from [this article]( when talking about that. 
That's not diversifying at all. Almost all the USD liquidity is in bitcoin. Most altcoin markets right now are basically like penny stocks, hot potato to get more BTC trading it before whales/devs drop the ball and dump.
Even ETH suffers from this, being basically [72% premined]( - 12% actual premine and 60% sold at ICO, as well as all the ICOs that have tons of ETH to dump.  
And XRP with it's constant ["derisking"](
@_date: 2019-09-13 12:40:11
In a way though, I think bitcoin could still follow the same dynamic market-wise.












The good thing is, as you said, more miners =/= more bitcoins mined, unlike with gold.
@_date: 2019-09-07 07:13:00
I think it should based on what the plural form of the root word is.
Some currencies can be pluralized by adding -s  
e.g. dollarS, rupeeS, pesoS
Some currencies stay the same in plural form.  
e.g. yen, euro
Any derived words also follow the same rule as the root word.  
e.g. Canadian dollarS, Australian dollarS, petrodollarS,  
Mexican pesoS, Philippine pesoS
Well, the root word is COIN, and the plural of coin is COINS.  
Saying "bitcoins" just sounds more correct.
@_date: 2019-09-28 07:43:53


What...? No he didn't, if you check his [personal ETH address]( which he reveals here: 
 
He still has 350,000 ETH left.
Although according this article, which analyzed movements from his personal address, he DID sell over 500,000 ETH near the peak:
@_date: 2019-09-10 15:19:06


Bitcoin also has undergone improvements
- segwit
- LN
- schnorr


I think it will grow EVENTUALLY. They might even be able to soft fork it in (like they did with segwit, which raises the block size to 2MB).
I personally agree that a hardfork should be avoided if not necessary.


I think that's a good idea, but it's not possible without a hardfork though.
@_date: 2018-07-02 12:17:23
@_date: 2018-02-13 06:41:52
Bitcoin's goal is to become a world currency.
If that happens, imagine EVERYTHING as a transaction, not just coffees, but even parents giving their children their daily allowance. Or a group of people eating out, chipping together to pay a pizza bill, EACH one would be a separate transaction. Imagine "paying social media posts" ala reddit gold, imagine ad revenue being paid out for each view.
This will be BILLIONS of transactions per day.
@_date: 2019-09-29 17:29:51


If you are able to create and sign the transaction that sends the contents of your wallet out, you might be able to export the signed transaction (or display the QR code of the signed transaction), then you can broadcast it using [coinb.in]( or [blockchain.info]( or even a different copy/newer version of Electrum.
(Not really sure if this is the case with 1.9.8 though, as that's quite an old version compared to the one I'm using)
@_date: 2019-09-10 04:05:20


I know you already said this, but did you use the email to create an account on any crypto Slack/Discord or on TradingView?
Well, even if you didn't, this post should serve as a warning to people reading it. Emails I've used on those three places (especially on crypto-oriented channels) are somehow found by attackers, and I get tons of failed login attempts, password reset attempts, and phishing emails received.
Don't use any email logins you use on exchanges anywhere else like crypto Slacks/Discords or on TradingView. I'd even use different email logins per exchange if you don't find that too confusing, in case any exchange gets hacked/data leaks.
And the best option is still to keep your coins in a wallet whose keys you control. The above advice is only for people who like to trade with a small portion of their stack.
@_date: 2019-09-30 17:52:08


That's great because most of the people in the world nowadays carry a form of Linux in their pockets. 
I wonder then what will be the needed transformation of this "Linux of currencies" is, to be the "Android of currencies", which will propel this Linux into the pockets of everyone and turn it ubiquitous.
@_date: 2018-07-15 16:34:43
This post confused me until I realized you were actually replying to this post below it:
@_date: 2019-09-30 17:39:53
What... if I am understanding this right, this sounds amazing.
Am I understanding this right... that any bitcoin fork will instantly reveal any institutions running bitcoin fractional reserves or similar, as they will be required to purchase the fork instantly?
This is MUCH more powerful than proof-of-keys (which is also a good practice).
This also sounds like an AMAZING way to milk money from any institutions running a fractional reserve on bitcoin. 
**Fork it regularly.**
The hodlers of real bitcoin can sell their forks immediately to provide liquidity, while they have to buy the forks.
Am I understanding this right?
@_date: 2019-09-10 03:51:30
Bitcoin is a global experiment. 
The actual test is to find out whether:  
- it is an unobsoletable **store-of-value** like gold, or  
- it is an obsoletable **technology** like Myspace and Friendster 
If it is the second one, then NO CRYPTO will ever be worth considering as a store-of-value, since it can always be obsoleted by something "newer and better". 
Institutional money and countries will never use it as a store-of-value, so you will never see trillion dollar marketcaps. 
This is why an altcoin or a fork cannot flip Bitcoin. Doing so means crypto is classified as the second option above, so it can never be classified as the first option above.
@_date: 2019-09-16 16:40:04
That's not how it works sadly.
The longer it hangs around $10K, the weaker the support at that price gets. Just like how the price was bouncing for so long at $6k before finally breaking through.
The more a support(or resistance) is tested, the weaker it gets, because the buyers(or sellers) that are defending that price point are running out of money to buy with(or coins to sell).
The answer to this question though:


By the price going up another magnitude on the log chart, i.e. $100K.
Just like how we think it'll never go back under $1k again after the 2017 bull run, another bull run will place $10k in that "never go back to that price again" category.
@_date: 2019-09-10 15:38:46
I know that it's common knowledge that this is FUD, and that Wasabi has solved this problem where you can mix trustlessly (something involving zero-knowledge proofs, I forget the details, there's a post floating around with all the technical details and math or whatever involved).
BUT I think this is healthy discussion, and we shouldn't shut this guy down right without explanation.
After all, on of the mottos to go by in crypto is:  
DON'T TRUST, VERIFY.
So let's do that...  
For one, he claims [here](


So, is there a way we CAN prove they are running the same code on the servers?
Or is the protocol tamper-proof enough that even if they code a malicious server, it can't actually perform malicious actions, like track inputs to outputs (sorta like how Tor was designed to be secure even with government nodes listening in - ignoring possible vulnerabilities, just focusing on the intended design)?
If so, can anyone explain in detail?
@_date: 2019-09-27 13:51:21
Bitcoin is a global experiment. 
The actual test is to find out whether:  
- it is an unobsoletable **store-of-value** like gold, or  
- it is an obsoletable **technology** like Myspace and Friendster 
If it is the second one, then NO CRYPTO will ever be worth considering as a store-of-value, since it can always be obsoleted by something "newer and better". 
Institutional money and countries will never use it as a store-of-value, so you will never see trillion dollar marketcaps. 
This is why an altcoin or a fork cannot flip Bitcoin.  
A flippening will prove that there is no such thing as **digital scarcity**, as the cap doesn't matter if you can "create" a "better" coin, with a new supply.  
A flippening will also show that crypto is classified as the second option above, so it can never be classified as the first option above.
@_date: 2019-09-27 07:44:01
[Spoilers: the rock wins the race](
@_date: 2018-04-04 23:44:18
Why would you even make this bet?
To make this bet, you have to buy 1 BTC at current market prices ($6770).
If you win, you get 2 BTC in total, BUT it's going to be worth $3k each (for $6000 in total).
If you have 1 BTC on hand right now, you can literally make this bet right now by yourself by selling it, then rebuying 2 BTC when (if) it goes to $3k.
@_date: 2019-09-10 08:24:10
Not sure if this is the case for you, but it may also be possible that people are trying to attack known crypto related usernames on various email services. 
e.g. since you are they might also attempt to crack or password reset or phish (or other various attacks) on data-prohibition yahoo, yandex, gmx, protonmail etc.
Which is why I have a different username as well for exchanges.
@_date: 2018-04-03 17:09:18
This just shows they don't even understand the fundamental concept of bitcoin: decentralization.
If it's patented, it means it's controlled by a central entity.
A "blockchain" that isn't decentralized is just a database. It's no different from having a USD balance on your Paypal account.
@_date: 2018-04-29 04:12:47


TBH I personally skipped over your link when I saw it directed to youtube. I do watch videos from reddit, but not every video in every post.
A simple image would've sufficed, to counter posts like and talking about screen/mouse capture, like so: 
I'd always click an imgur image, just because it takes only a second or two to look at it.
@_date: 2018-04-14 06:25:37
That depends on how thick the order book is.  
The price virtually ran from $6000 straight to $20k without any significant corrections.  
This did not allow buyers to build up at the prices in between, and create support levels, making for a very thin buy side on the order book.  
Look at the current Bitfinex order book: 
- It takes 646 BTC to drive the price down to the lower $100 bracket (down to 7900)
- Then it will take 838 BTC to drive it down another $100 (down to 7800)
- Then it will take TWICE the BTC (1,619 BTC) just to drive it down just another $100 (down to 7700)
The longer a price point has been established, or the more times the chart has touched a price point, the thicker the support there gets.  
This is why people say "parabolic price rises" are "unsustainable".  
And that "it's healthy" when a chart "corrects" and the price goes back down.  
Corrections/dips STRENGTHENS the order book by allowing buyers to accumulate, and creates support at a price point.  
$6000 was EXTREMELY strong because it was just barely above the point where the last correction occurred.  
So a LOT of buyers were waiting here, and it was strong enough to absorb the 18000 BTC sold.
This is why it's annoying that the BTC was being sold by a lawyer with barely any trading experience.  
Almost anyone else with a bit of trading experience could've sold off this amount without crashing the market like he did, just by understanding where the buyers are.
@_date: 2017-05-27 05:08:04
That's it, thanks!
@_date: 2018-04-24 04:20:59
Can't buy creddits :(
I prefer those as I can use them whenever to gild posts I like.
@_date: 2017-05-20 13:48:43
Is asking information about confirmations really automatically a negative comment?
Ok sure, now that I think about it, it's silly to not serve pizza until there are confirmations, but personally, I'd put in a restaurant rule that I mention when I provide them the QR code on the bill, something like "all payments are required to have a transaction fee of at least 160 sat/B". 
What is wrong about asking about their policy on bitcoin payments?
@_date: 2017-05-01 06:17:47
Also tagging If you are interested in growing your investment, you might be interested in my reply [above](
@_date: 2017-05-18 03:41:18
Once a grand X RP dump happens, doesn't that mean banks or R ipple Labs (or whoever had a  did the dump) would now have a huge pile of bitcoins, from all the buy orders they liquidated in to?
I'm not sure I'm comfortable with the idea of banks having an extremely large pile of bitcoin, large enough to manipulate the market.
@_date: 2017-07-25 11:12:33


Because it is easily verifiable?
Seriously, it's not like a conspiracy theory you can't even check. It's VERY EASILY verifiable.
When you claim something that can be proven 100% to be wrong, don't expect no one to call you out on it.
The age of the account is irrelevant. Just proves that even with a 5 year old account, you can't even put in the due diligence to make sure what you are saying isn't BS.
@_date: 2017-07-26 13:53:24
You obviously care as you keep responding.
And you STILL can't admit when you are 101% WRONG and you are just making shit up out of your ass like some stupid conspiracy theorist, except yours is stupid because it can be proven to be ABSOLUTELY WRONG with a few clicks that takes like 30 seconds.
Admit you were wrong, talking shit out of your ass, then we can move on.
@_date: 2019-05-23 02:45:19
I'm curious though, did he get your password right when he said:


@_date: 2017-07-26 17:06:57
Years back?
Dude it's like 4-5 pages in, it barely takes 30 seconds if you skim and ignore everything that is obviously in english.
I don't fucking care about internet points, I just fucking hate people like you, coming up with shit made out of your ass to attack people who are VERY EASILY verifiably telling the truth, just to come up with your shitty conspiracy theory for imaginary internet points.
Even til the end you couldn't admit you were wrong. What a fucking loser.
@_date: 2017-07-25 11:10:19




Which I did and you didn't




Seriously, you were 101% wrong. Not one thing you said was right.
Can't even admit when you are wrong?
@_date: 2017-07-28 00:46:53
No, I'm saying laws are getting obsolete, and not catching up with technology, making what is illegal increasingly arbitrary and making arrests sound more and more ridiculous.
Like people getting the death sentence over a having a plant (in countries where marijuana is illegal and drug crimes can get a death penalty) while other countries have legal dispensaries for everyone over 18.
When teleportation is invented, and in a scenario where it's as publicly accessible as bitcoin, suddenly they'll be arresting people for "going outside where they are allowed", and the laws will become VERY ARBITRARY imo.
@_date: 2019-05-15 19:33:49
This is a strategy only for making small gains.
You have to realize, the biggest gains are made when resistance is broken.  
And the biggest losses are made when support is broken.
Your strategy basically:
- forfeits the massive gains when resistance is broken,
- puts you at risk for massive losses when support breaks
- all for the tiny gains made within the trading range between support and resistance
Trading is good if you know how to. If you don't, then just hodl, as the chart goes up overall over long periods of time.
@_date: 2019-05-13 13:23:47
The common end user doesn't even need to run a full node. I use bitcoin regularly, and I've never ran a full node. I always use SPV wallets like Electrum.
@_date: 2017-05-01 05:45:24
I'll just butt in for Many altcoins have real world uses.
Coins like GameCredits is going to be used as in-game currency in many partnered mobile games.
E.thereum can actually have program code stored in the blockchain, which is why corporations are going crazy over it (hence the the formation of the E.thereum Enterprise Alliance consisting of companies like Microsoft, JP Morgan, Accenture, etc.) Smart contracts are so versatile, you can use them to organize things like a trustless decentralized exchange, or to run ICOs. In fact, lots of crypto tokens are just built on E.thereum.
Even when trading across exchanges, sending bitcoin across (e.g. from Bittrex to Polo or vice-versa) is a very slow and painful experience. The 30 minutes to 1 hour the confirmations will take could mean you have already missed a golden opportunity.
Most coin traders I know actually use E.TH instead when sending across exchanges. Some even claim to use PivX, which is MUCH FASTER (except that major exchanges like Polo don't have it... and the volatility is unbelievable, even for a crypto coin).
Even Ripple is being used by many real banks worldwide now to replace SWIFT.
You may claim Bitcoin has 1st mover advantage, and network effect, and I agree, **BITCOIN IS KING**.
BUT, E.TH is catching up **QUICKLY**.
Bitcoin may already have real world ways to spend it, like having debit cards backed by bitcoin. But it seems [E.TH will soon have one also](
And you can buy items on darknet markets using Bitcoin, but Alphabay has just recently added E.TH as well as a payment method.
**Bitcoin dominance** is on a straight downtrend.  
Also many other coins have solved problems Bitcoin is yet to solve.
D.ASH solves the problem of incentivizing nodes. Whereas one has no reason to run and maintain a bitcoin node, D.ASH MasterNodes reward node owners with block rewards. Incentivizing nodes with passive income is a simple solution, but it solves the problem really effectively. And by setting a collateral amount (1000 D.ASH), they even solve the market problem of people dumping the coin. Instead, people choose to hoard it for their masternodes, with the lucrative offer of passive income.
Coins like M.onero are more desired for use on darknet markets now, due to untraceability and REAL fungibility. Unlike with bitcoin, you will have to use a mixer.
S.yscoin not only has activated Segwit, they have LIGHTNING NETWORK active on mainnet. And they even have an implemented decentralized marketplace, which one can argue was [part of Satoshi's original vision](
 to be honest, NONE of this really matters to me.
I'm really just here for the "moon ride".
I learned about crypto late February. I heard about the Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF, and everyone here in was EXCITED about it, how it could possibly cause bitcoin to moon to $3000, $5000, or even $10000.
With the potential of getting x3, x5, or even x10 returns on my money, I bought as MUCH bitcoin as I could last Feb, and sat there waiting for the ETF.
What I didn't realize was.... everyone else was hedging into other altcoins, in case of a bitcoin price crash.
In the 1st-2nd week of March, in just a span of a few days, the following happened:
- E.TH went from $13 to $50 (more than x3)
- D.ASH went from $20 to $100 (x5)
- PIVX went from 3000 sat to almost 60k sat (x20!)
- STRAT went x5
- ... and so on...
I could keep going. Almost every coin worth of note pumped an UNREALISTIC amount during that week.
I was a bitcoin maximalist, I called every other coin a sh1tcoin. Heavily influenced by which was the only crypto subreddit I used to visit.
And I was utterly crushed when I learned these MOON RIDES happened RIGHT UNDER MY NOSE.
These gains are IMPOSSIBLE to realize in a short time frame on bitcoin alone. And if it does happen (due to something big like an ETF, or Segwit locking in), all other crypto will rise along with it, as they are traded on exchanges with BTC pairings.
**DISCLAIMER**: Of my holdings, less than 5% of it is in E.TH, which I mention a lot above. 
I'm more into low marketcap coins, as the gains are unbelievable when they pump. Just doing a little fundamental analysis along with basic TA is enough to know if a coin is a pure sh1tcoin vs. one that will EVENTUALLY pump.
@_date: 2019-05-16 17:02:21
You gonna eat that?
@_date: 2019-05-22 07:48:19
Although if stocks are eventually tokenized (obsoleting the current stock market that sleeps and closes on weekends with a 24/7 market), as long as there exists exchanges that will accept only real bitcoin and refuse to accept paper bitcoins, this could possibly still keep paper bitcoins in check, as people will arbitrage any "fake/printed value" on bitcoin-paired stocks.
Or a price discrepancy on bitcoin-paired stocks between exchanges that accept paper bitcoins vs ones that only accept real bitcoins will very quickly reveal any "printing" occurring.
@_date: 2019-05-07 19:08:18
Everything is extremely easy (makes 2 USBs, encrypt with 7zip)
Only the lawyer part would be a hassle (and you can just choose a different way to give them the password)
@_date: 2019-05-11 20:04:16


Yes please.
@_date: 2019-05-09 21:36:19
Does this mean &gt;!Ethereum dies right afterwards?!&lt;
@_date: 2019-05-21 12:10:59






Why is he even allowed to copyright open-source code?
And what kind of "confirmation from Wright that he is Satoshi Nakamoto" did they actually receive? When he can't even sign with any one address publicly to confirm it?
@_date: 2019-05-13 06:27:37
I mean... isn't gold an asset?
@_date: 2019-05-09 14:57:02


The transaction history and the coin balance is stored on the blockchain (basically a "world database"). The Ledger only allows you to view the wallet whose keys you have currently set on it (determined by the seed and passphrase), but the data is all on the blockchain, not on the Ledger itself.
You just need the right seed and passphrase (which you can input into any other Ledger) to access the same wallet again.
@_date: 2017-07-23 12:05:35
Not even close.
Both instantly wrong in [one post he made 2 years ago](
Seriously, just doing one click into u/flac934kbps/'s history shows they are using BTC regularly along with using it to buy goods from Amazon for months to actually LIVE ON (along with seemingly taking on online jobs and making up ways to do transactions with Amazon, BTC, Paypal, Gyft, etc.)
Posts for months. They are obviously a very real example of those people supposedly using BTC to survive in Venezuela, buying groceries from Amazon and such.
Why talk out of your ass and make up nonsense easily disprovable by a click or two?
@_date: 2019-05-07 19:34:14
Explaining credit cards alone TODAY to someone who has never used one already seems ridiculous.
- "Oh if a thief sees all the numbers clearly indicated on the front of the card, they can use your card to buy stuff online"
- "They made cards more secure against this by adding 3 more numbers, still clearly printed on the back."
- "So when you order in places like restaurants, and hand the waiter your card, you just have to TRUST them not to write the numbers down."
- "They can also copy the magnetic strip with a card reader device, so that they can use your card to spend in actual stores and not just online. You also have to just TRUST them not to do that."
- "Who thought up this system? In a world where encryption and passwords exists? Why banks, of course!"
You can just imagine MFW I first encountered credit cards,  and learned how they work, as someone who had already used Paypal BEFORE I even had a card.
@_date: 2019-05-23 05:06:25
Any updates? Did you manage to retrieve your coins?
@_date: 2019-05-13 06:31:21
I dunno... running a full node on your phone doesn't seem like a good next step for mass adoption.
It seems like a better option if they made it much easier for the common person to deal with seed words, as well as protecting them and recovering from those.
Because the concept that you need to protect a set of words as this provides full access to your money (like from house fires or thieves), is probably already too much work for the common person.
@_date: 2019-05-05 12:39:38




You seem to misunderstand just how many possible combinations there are.
In order to understand, I bring to you an old meme:
**Bitcoin - your money is secured by the laws of the universe** - 
This old meme demonstrates using all the energy output of our star, if you would be able to COUNT through all the possible keys.
@_date: 2019-05-05 19:27:05
You still do not comprehend how massive the amount of combinations are.
There are approximately 1 septendecillion atoms in our solar system (10^54).
If you used each atom in the solar system to generate a single seed, you still wouldn't be able to generate all 2^256 combinations (about 116e75 or 116 quattuorvigintillion).
- Even if you generated a MILLION seeds per atom in our solar system.
- Or even 100 MILLION seeds per atom in our solar system. It's still NOT ENOUGH.
But realistically, the whole world is not even generating 100 million seeds per atom in the solar system... I doubt all the bitcoin users combined have even manually generated 100 million seeds. 
So that's one atom's worth of guesses for the whole solar system.
I'll quote my link earlier to you again:
**Bitcoin - your money is secured by the laws of the universe** - 
@_date: 2019-05-06 11:01:59


I think it's more unrealistic that bitcoin reaches valuations such as $400k+ and gold's marketcap, without taking over the world.
Once bitcoin reaches gold's marketcap, I can see it causing a chain reaction. They say all the millionaires in the world cannot own 1 btc each. I think reaching gold's marketcap will give it an image of "legitimacy" as a store-of-value, which will start the wave of "millionaires trying to get some bitcoin into their portfolio". Institutional money will flow in massively.
And due to the ease of transferring bitcoin, if it's easy enough for EVERYONE to get some (and everyone will want to, due to the hype caused by the bull run caused by institutional money) it'll just blow up and no one will be able to stop it. And once majority have some, things will start being priced in bitcoin, and it's game over.
Right now, this is the only hurdle imo... in the last bull run, fees went up above $25 and the amount of transactions fighting over getting into the next block was really too much. Hopefully, Lightning will be mature enough on the next run that it truly "goes to the moon".
@_date: 2019-05-24 13:15:25
Do you want a million dollar bitcoin? Because this is how you get a million dollar bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-07 18:58:24
You obviously didn't read the setup properly.
Here let me quote this to you:


How would the lawyer even know there were bitcoins involved? That's with the instructions (which is NOT in the will).
This makes no sense too:


Never even had any step like "asking them to keep a password in a safe place" in my setup??
The password is IN THE WILL. The will does not even specify what the password is for
Did you even read the post?
@_date: 2019-05-21 12:25:09
Link to U.S. Copyright Records Database Entry:
- 
  - Craig Wright filed a copyright registration for the Bitcoin whitepaper  
  [Link to U.S. Copyright Records Database Entry](
- 
  - Craig Wright also filed a copyright registration for the “computer file” Bitcoin, ie the Bitcoin software itself  
  [Link to U.S. Copyright Records Database Entry](
- 
  - **Registering a copyright is just filing a form. The Copyright Office does not investigate the validity of the claim; they just register it. Unfortunately there is no official way to challenge a registration.** If there are competing claims, the Office will just register all of them.
@_date: 2019-05-31 05:10:45
Yes, that's shorting basically, but I'd modify your analogy a bit to explain liquidation.
Let's say you borrow 100 fidget spinners (currently worth $1.00 each), and you have $300 of your own money as collateral.  
Then you sell these for $100.
- If fidget spinner price goes down to $0.80 each, you can rebuy 100 spinners to pay your debt for only $80, for $20 profit (this is what you explained)
- If fidget spinner price goes up, they can go up to $3.00 each.  
  THEN your collateral won't be enough to rebuy them if they go up more.  
  So they use your $300 collateral to rebuy the 100 spinners at $3.00 each.  
  You just got liquidated, your $300 is gone.
$3.00 was basically your liquidation price.
Why do this then? Because of **LEVERAGE**.  
Let's say your collateral is only $10.00
You borrow 100 spinners worth $1.00 each, sell them for $100.  
**You borrowed $100 worth with only $10 collateral.**  
This is 10x leverage:  
borrowing 10x your money's worth 
- Price goes down to $0.80, you make $20 profit from $10 (DOUBLE YOUR MONEY!)
- Price goes up to $1.10, 100 spinners are now worth $110.  
  The original $100 proceeds + your $10 collateral is now not enough to repay the loan if it still goes up.  
  So you get liquidated, your $10 is gone.
$1.10 was your liquidation price.
Basically, because of the 10x leverage, you turn a 20% price movement into 200% your money.  
BUT instead of needing 100% price movement against you to lose your money, you also amplify liquidation by 10x.
So 10% price movement against you ruins you.
And if you use 100x leverage (which is basically gambling), 1% price movements can be huge wins or complete losses.
@_date: 2019-05-25 05:07:10
I don't have a crypto-backed debit card, but this sign makes me want to get one, just so I can pay here using it and say "I just paid you using bitcoin".
@_date: 2019-05-22 07:36:45
I was also thinking the same thing. Paper btc will allow them to do fractional reserves with btc.
BUT as long as exchanges exist which are not under their control and trade the real thing and not paper bitcoins, I THINK they can't get away with this.
Because if the price runs up and away, who pays all the paper bitcoin holders their gains? They can drive the price down on exchanges that trade paper bitcoins by printing more, but they won't be able to influence the price on exchanges that trade the real thing without having actual bitcoins.
Once bitcoin becomes the world currency though, I don't see this working anymore. Because then bitcoin won't have a "bigger" currency people would want to cash out to, so there would be no system that would keep paper bitcoins in check.
@_date: 2019-05-07 20:15:02


Except if you get a debit card, which can be compromised just as easily, but it's MUCH harder to get your money back.
I've had to do two chargebacks on my debit card just within this year (one on an online fastfood delivery site where the site crashed after payment was approved and my card charged. The other was an online store that "declined" my card upon checkout, but still charged me)
Both took like a month of me doing back-and-forth across all parties just to get them to acknowledge that I got charged, and to refund me. Lots of screenshots, calls, and paperwork.
Whereas I heard that if it were a credit card instead of a debit card, I'd have encountered zero friction.
Also, you completely miss the point of how EASY it is to compromise this system the banks thought of.
@_date: 2018-12-10 12:19:03
Direct link to tweet:
@_date: 2017-07-25 11:06:34
Not the person you are talking to, but it took me like 30 seconds.
It's not even hard.
It just proves you are talking out of your ass.
@_date: 2019-05-07 09:48:47
- Walet is stored on two USBs in TWO separate locations (to protect against calamities like fires). e.g. one cemented in a wall at home, one cemented in a wall at parents' house.
- The wallet in each USB is AES-encrypted via 7-zip on an offline airgapped computer running a LiveCD, with a VERY LONG unbruteforceable unguessable password.
  -  AES encryption is so secure, that [not even the FBI could supposedly crack something AES-encrypted by TrueCrypt even after trying for an entire year](
  - And supposedly, [7-zip's implementation is harder to brute force because it uses a key-extension](
- Then use Google inactive account manager as a "deadman's switch". Basically emails a set of recipients when you haven't been online for a long time.
- The email just contains locations of the USBs and instructions. No password, so not even a hacked google account will compromise you.
- Password is in a will with a retained lawyer. Instructed to reveal it only when all living recipient parties are present and only when deceased. Will does NOT contain location of the USBs though, nor any instructions on what to do with the USBs. 
  - **So not even a corrupt lawyer, or a hacked google account, or a greedy recipient trying to cheat the others, will be an issue.**
Not my exact setup, but this is a good setup I think.
I have a more detailed setup [here](
@_date: 2019-05-13 16:31:06
0.4 BTC is a LOT.
Bitcoin is due for a golden bull run.  
People estimate 6-digit valuations each.  
McAfee even made that legendary wager to eat his \*thing\* if it doesn't hit $1M each by 2020.
It's basically the only inflation-proof asset/currency.  
Only 21 million will exist **ever**, and people are continually losing coins (forgetting passwords, sending to burn addresses, losing harddrives, dying without passing on their coins etc.)
Not even gold (the leading store-of-value asset) is that scarce, we don't know how much gold is still underground to be mined.  
And asteroid mining could crash the entire gold/silver market.
I recommend these two links as reading for further understanding just how valuable bitcoin is, as everyone who is a veteran on bitcoin has seen these "memes" (but very insightful ones):
- The time-traveler's story about bitcoin  
(posted 2013, but the price predictions have been VERY CLOSE)
  - 
- Bitcoin and Runescape hats
  - 
They're pretty short reads (about 2-3 minutes), and very entertaining.  
But if you don't have the time...  
this is the **tl;dr** of those two memes (a meme which REGULARLY appears here):  
@_date: 2019-05-13 16:09:23


- Lol, the stock market is due for a crash any time now.  
It's a bigger bubble than bitcoin was in 2017, just google it.
- Meanwhile, bitcoin is due for a golden bull run.  
People estimate 6-digit valuations each.  
McAfee even made that legendary wager to eat his \*thing\* if it doesn't hit $1M each by 2020.
It's basically the only inflation-proof asset/currency.  
Only 21 million will exist **ever**, and people are continually losing coins (forgetting passwords, sending to burn addresses, losing harddrives, dying without passing on their coins etc.)
Not even gold (the leading store-of-value asset) is that scarce, we don't know how much gold is still underground to be mined.  
And asteroid mining could crash the entire gold/silver market.
I recommend these two links as reading for further understanding just how valuable bitcoin is, as everyone who is a veteran on bitcoin has seen these "memes" (but very insightful ones):
- The time-traveler's story about bitcoin  
(posted 2013, but the price predictions have been VERY CLOSE)
  - 
- Bitcoin and Runescape hats
  - 
They're pretty short reads (about 2-3 minutes), and very entertaining.  
But if you don't have the time...  
this is the **tl;dr** of those two memes (a meme which REGULARLY appears here):  
@_date: 2018-12-26 05:16:52


I think it's similar to a bank run.
Exchanges MIGHT be running fractional reserves like banks (as exchanges are custodians of coins like banks are custodians of fiat).
@_date: 2019-05-13 19:27:49


Speaking as someone who has significant net worth (from a windfall), and has no idea how to grow it significantly, fearing hyperinflation, fearing the "stock market bubble" that's so big it will supposedly crash soon, etc.
I am SERIOUSLY considering crypto as a major option as a store-of-value. BUT if bitcoin shows to be obsolete-able (like all other technologies like AOL, Friendster, MySpace etc.), it STOPS me from considering CRYPTO AS A WHOLE as an option for that.
I am sure most other "big money" is thinking the same thing. Storing/hiding big money in unfreezable unseizable assets/accounts is big business, just check out the Panama papers.
If bitcoin proves it has staying power, it proves crypto can serve this purpose. If bitcoin gets obsoleted, I (and I presume most other people like me who are looking for that use-case first and foremost) will never touch crypto for store-of-value purposes ever again (maybe just with amounts we can afford to lose to have fun with speculation). 
**Because if bitcoin can be obsoleted, what stops the "next big coin" from being obsoleted as well?**
This is basically a world experiment whether crypto can be a store-of-value. It either succeeds, or gets obsoleted and crypto will fail as a whole as a store-of-value in the eyes of big money forever.
@_date: 2019-05-24 19:13:01
I totally agree.
Before smartphones became mainstream, I even thought internet evolution had maxed out (adoption-wise) and the only relevant improvement was increasing speed and bandwidth (e.g. fiber) and making that infrastructure more available to the public.
Then smartphones came along and totally blew my worldview on how the internet was supposed to be used and what mass adoption really meant and looked like. Goes to show you almost always can still push things one more step forward.
LN might just be scratching the surface of what bitcoin might look like a decade from now.
@_date: 2019-05-11 12:58:20
- 0 points (50% upvoted)
- ridiculed by top comments as crazy
Poor ahead of his/her time, and yet ridiculed for it.
Nobody believed that bitcoin will get that high on the next bubble.  
But it did.
Now **everyone** believes the next leg up will be at least 6-digits.  
Makes me doubt now that it will happen, because everyone is expecting it to.
I'm actually interested in hearing opinion again.
@_date: 2019-05-07 20:40:22
You completely skipped over the argument about debit cards though, and how hard it is to actually get your money back when it gets stolen because of their laughably insecure design.
And a simple password system is not "overbearing security". ATMs have PIN codes, why make stealing a credit card number so simple and easy?
@_date: 2019-05-29 06:20:22
I looked through the sticky there right now, looks like the biggest one (for $53k) cashed out near the peak of the last bubble (at $16k-19k per).
Really lucky.
@_date: 2017-06-07 19:46:55
Copy pasting from an earlier post I made:
I learned about crypto late February. I heard about the Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF, and everyone here in this subreddit was EXCITED about it, how it could possibly cause bitcoin to moon to $3000, $5000, or even $10000.
With the potential of getting x3, x5, or even x10 returns on my money, I bought as MUCH bitcoin as I could last Feb, and sat there waiting for the ETF.
What I didn't realize was.... everyone else was hedging into other altcoins, in case of a bitcoin price crash.
In the 1st-2nd week of March, in just a span of a few days, the following happened:
- E.TH went from $13 to $50 (more than x3)
- D.ASH went from $20 to $100 (x5)
- P.IVX went from 3000 sat to almost 60k sat (x20!)
- S.TRAT went x5
- ... and so on...
I could keep going. Almost every coin worth of note pumped an UNREALISTIC amount during that week.
I was a bitcoin maximalist, I called every other coin a sh1tcoin. Heavily influenced by this subreddit, which was the only crypto subreddit I used to visit.
And I was utterly crushed when I learned these MOON RIDES happened RIGHT UNDER MY NOSE.
These gains are IMPOSSIBLE to realize in a short time frame on bitcoin alone. And if it does happen (due to something big like an ETF, or Segwit locking in), all other crypto will rise along with it, as they are traded on exchanges with BTC pairings.
Also, since that time:
- E.TH has even more than doubled on top of that in BTC price (combined with BTC price more than doubling, making it have a total of x20 rise in USD price in just a few months),
- S.TRAT has done a x10 on top of that (doing a full x50 in just 3 months, and that's just in BTC price... it's a full **x100 (!) in just 3 months** in USD if you count in the BTC price doubling, as it went from around 10 million USD marketcap to 1 billion USD),
- and many other coins have made RIDICULOUS gains.
I bought 2 BTC of ARK back in March. When it doubled after a week, I sold half (to get my 2 BTC back), and the remaining ARK (which is essentially "FREE", as I got my investment back) is now worth 8 BTC.
Learning the entirety of the crypto world is definitely in your best interests.
@_date: 2019-05-07 23:53:49
Direct link to CZ's tweet:
@_date: 2017-06-07 19:15:25
I wasn't around back then, only started buying bitcoin this March, and trading other stuff only much later.
What happened?
@_date: 2017-06-14 12:56:58
But if they privately mine blocks for 3 days, other miners will have no choice but to mine the UASF chain.
They'll end up mining that chain exclusively, making it BitMainCoin.
UNLESS they expect the other miners to:
- wait 3 days, letting BitMain take all the block rewards
- or mine on the UASF chain for 3 days, then throw away all those blocks by joining their pre-mined chain
It's like these people can't even think one step ahead.
Why would you trust people who can't even think a simple scenario through to plan the scaling of what could be the future world currency?
@_date: 2018-12-11 03:28:55
Except that I already linked that tweet as the very first comment here after making this post:
Did it ever occur to you I used an image for people who do not wish to leave reddit and visit another site be able to preview the full tweet here? And so that it has a proper preview in mobile, without having to click away from here?
So you've basically contributed nothing except calling people "dumb fuck" like some angsty autist.
@_date: 2018-12-28 06:12:39
So is this scenario possible?
- he used a large part of those bitcoins to crash the market from $6000 to $3kish
- bull market resumes and bitcoin price shoots back up to $6k and above
- then the court rules against him, and orders him to return ALL the bitcoins
- ...except he can no longer afford to buy back all the bitcoins he used to crash the market, because they are now all more expensive, even if he used all his fiat and sold all his assets and worldly possessions, driving him to bankruptcy, and eventually homelessness.
I mean... things never turn out that well, but that would just be an amazing course of events if it were possible.
@_date: 2018-12-11 04:30:36
I did find it weird that he kept talking about $170k worth of bitcoin, but I couldn't find anywhere him mentioning even once exactly how many bitcoin he held. 
Being fixated on the dollar amount instead of the # of bitcoins seemed suspicious to me, and after reading this, it now just screams "fake".
@_date: 2019-05-08 07:38:52
Some people are saying these were the tweets that started it all:




I THINK these tweets were before the livestream.