@_author: bitaccumulation
@_date: 2013-05-10 20:22:05
You know how many XRP are in circulation at any given time.  100 billion.  The fact that a lot are sitting in owner's accounts is not relevant.  Do you know how many Bitcoin are in Satoshi's Bitcoin "accounts"? 
As to the shutting down, I think you're right to an extent.  Once they release the open source version, there could be lots  more servers that aren't centralized but it's still not like Bitcoin where every person is pretty much a server/client.  So that could be an issue.
@_date: 2013-05-10 20:33:16
This is exactly right.  Legal tender will not be replaced by an alternative currency.   The issue is that Bitcoin's main strength will always be illegal transactions - online drug purchases, gambling, etc..  Secondary to that it will be a vehicle for speculation.   It could even become a good store of value since it copies the properties of gold.   For payments however, (including overseas) Ripple is superior in every way.
@_date: 2013-05-10 20:40:48
It is true.  The XRP you refer to are part of that 100 billion.  While the scheme of creating a "virtual mining" to mimic the difficulty of real mining was not only useful but brilliant, it is not the only way to "skin this cat" as they say.  And it really depends on what you want to accomplish.  As I've repeatedly tried to make clear - Ripple is a PAYMENT SYSTEM first.  It allows payment in ANY currency.  XRP will only be valuable (in the long run - separate from speculation) if the payment system flourishes.  Bitcoiners are so stuck on how Bitcoin took off that they can't imagine any other way.
@_date: 2013-05-04 00:07:59
Good link.
Yeah.  The US government is not about to lower the barrier to entry into financial services voluntarily.  Not going to happen.  It's a private club and we're not in it.  For our own safety of course ;).
@_date: 2013-05-10 23:47:38
Yes it can.  
@_date: 2013-05-10 20:23:20
Bitcoin can't do transactions in other currencies.  What aren't you getting about this?   Ripple is a payment transaction system FIRST.  It can transact in any currency.  
@_date: 2013-05-10 19:57:56
Seamlessly.  If I team with banks or other financial service providers (which I guarantee Opencoin Inc. is working on), I merely create a front-end APP customized for your bank and you can do everything SEAMLESSLY.   Show me how Bitcoin can do something like that while still working with existing legal tender.
@_date: 2013-05-06 13:54:43
It's a currency for things that can't be purchased using regular USD (and other currencies) online.   This gives it its base value.  It's also a nice gambling vehicle for speculators.  Because of this, it MAY become a good store of value over time.  It most likely will not replace regular money.   Why would I go to CVS to send cash to Bitinstant at 4%, to get money to MTGOX, so I can buy a few Bitcoins, so I can buy a pizza when my debit card works just fine and instantly at that?  I wouldn't.  Unless I was hooked on some ideology or if the purchasing of pizzas with my debit card became illegal because Bloomberg decides to ban cheese as unhealthy.
What WILL uproot current currencies will be something that can seamlessly work with the CURRENT systems without having to go to through all kinds of lengths to convert from current fiat currency.  Ripple seems more poised to do this than Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2013-05-10 19:45:04
Ripple is a payment system first (did you not read what I wrote).  It will work seamlessly with existing financial services.  If it catches on as a payment system, then the only trust-free currency within that system (XRP) will become very valuable.
Bitcoin took the opposite route.  It said - here's a virtual replacement for gold that can be sent around the world quickly.  Ripple is saying here is a superior payment system for all currencies and we just happen to have a replacement for gold in case you want it.
@_date: 2013-05-10 20:13:33
You guys are stuck in crypto-currency land and don't seem to understand that widespread adoption will not occur according to your criteria.  It will happen according to market criteria.  
While you may not be interested in banks, pretty much everyone you know and everyone they know has money in a bank.   They use debit cards to buy things.   
Ignoring this reality will not make it go away.   The system that can allow the people immersed in this system to function as they always did, while simultaneously introducing them to crypto-currencies will win (IMHO).  It might not be Ripple, but if it's not it's going to be something that looks an awful lot like it.