@_author: bitat18823throwaway
@_date: 2017-12-22 03:11:32
Throwaway - obvious reasons. 
I got a problem but it is in the opposite direction. 
How are we supposed to handle this success?
The price keeps going up, and when it hits my moon, I don't even know how to handle that. 
My life has been put on pause for YEARS. I've been spending all my time working, reading self improvement books, and staying in because its cheep. 
I can't deal with all this ANGER anymore. I've gone without for SO LONG. Haircuts? New clothes? New shoes? an ACTUAL BED?! All things I've pushed off to the side and gone without. I have a car that was made in 2004, and a tire on it that was made in 2007. 
Now I'm finally in a place where I can start living like an actual human being, and I don't have to be afraid to leave my apartment because something could happen to me that I can't afford to happen to me. 
So I went to the pricy health food store a few weeks ago. They got these big bottles of Kombutcha that I like, and they were on sale for $10. I picked up a few snacks and I was pretty stoked. 
I got up to the register, and this dude was complaining about his tire having a leak even though he "just bought the BMW, and the tires are $1000". The guy working the register packed his $218 dollars of groceries into three paper bags and he was on his way, but I was just so...
Dude, I was destroyed inside. You know, in Highschool I shared a 500 square foot apartment with two other guys and a dog. I had my own little, special spot on the floor, and I slept under a desk that was considered "my piece of furniture" in the apartment. 
It just makes me so mad dude. I haven't had much of an opportunity to really, develop, because I just save as much money as I can by staying in, and I stay focused on my health. 
So I walked out to my car with my $40 in groceries, and the final straw for me is the stare that I got from this dude as he stood by his BMW and saw me get into my shitty car with my jumpsuit on from work... 
Its one thing to, kinda feel like you're a second class citizen, but its another to feel so confronted by it. Now I'm confronted by this "put the poor person is his place mentality" even though I have 5k gains in ONE DAY. 
AND I DID NOTHING TO EARN THAT. 
Rich people must be insufferable assholes. Because they want to measure themselves with money? 
Well now I know for sure, it doesn't take skill, ability, ...knowledge, to make money. You just have to be lucky.
I'm just going to be happy one day with new clothes I didn't get at goodwill...and a bed bigger than a twin that doesn't sit on the floor. 
I hope one day I won't be this Angry.  
