@_author: bitbite99
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:45:44
and this
@_date: 2014-04-02 17:39:33
This post was written by Danny under another nickname.
This crap about "threats" is bullshit.
@_date: 2014-04-03 17:05:31
translations have been posted
@_date: 2014-04-03 17:04:52
Neo Bee falling apart – the wave of resignations by employees and Mr Neo ... shambles
-Staff resignations began after the furor that erupted over the "disappearance" of Executive Director
-Personnel, in addition to the resignation of the company's consultants provide-Despite the uproar the "Lord Neo Bee" insists not to appear
-Unpaid workers-Some ex-employees invested in the company with "guarantees" of extinct Danny Brewster 
After the uproar that erupted in recent days about the company Neo Bee and the disappearance of the Executive Director of, Danny Brewster, information they want much of staff has submitted resignations.   Late yesterday afternoon, part of the staff at employee meeting was themed what saw the light of publicity, submitted his resignation.  It also submitted a resignation of the company's legal advisers, Mr. Sokratis Rosidis who in accordance with the "Liberal", among others, reported that Danny Brewster has not updated nor him nor other legal advisers about the reasons that drove him to leave Cyprus.  
Information also want some of the officials who have not been paid so far for at least the last month, invested in Bitcoin which however didn't even in a Web-based platform.   Danny Brewster allegedly relied on suggestions of police on fleeing from Cyprus for security reasons his daughter's life, after he received threats like.  
However according to newsit.com.cy information the police have never accepted complaint for threats of life of Mr Danny Brewster or sibling of the person. Hence there was absolutely no indication from the police to the Danny Brewster to leave Cyprus for security reasons.
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:52:09
POLICE: We have not made ​​any complaint from the " main Neo &amp; Bee »
- Lying on the prompts police to leave Cyprus CEO Neo &amp; Bee
- Fanning fears that this fraud case
- Sends messages via Internet without showing or to answer the critical questions of concern to shareholders and employees
- What about the salaries of employees and investment of the shareholders ?
Based on information newsit.com.cy police no complaint received by the CEO of Neo , Danny Brewster , which concerns threats to the lives of persons related or even the same .
Therefore what brought himself to rely on prompts police to leave Cyprus for security reasons , do not make sense .
Also given the furor that has erupted in recent days regarding the presence of the CEO of Neo &amp; Bee Cyprus , Mr. Danny Brewster , and the information they want problematic turnover of the company , called those citizens whose interests might be affected , immediately contact the police.
previously :
By CEO Danny Brewster to be " disappeared ", and send messages via a web forum , for reasons of " disappearance " from Cyprus , employees and shareholders of the company are concerned about wages and investment respectively .
In his message, CEO of Neo claims that he left Cyprus at the instigation of the police after being denounced to the authorities that receives threats to his daughter's life . "I've gone from Cyprus temporarily , without having moved anything from the island . I certainly have not left Cyprus and I certainly have not gotten me the company money or people or bitcoins » Supports elsewhere Danny Brewster .
However the company exists a generalized backdrop of confusion with confusing communications from Bitcoin exchange platforms and outside Cyprus , and which have now been definitively suspend their activities .
The Neo &amp; Bee does not issue official announcements , the staff is the same and confused , unable to give clear answers .
The newsit.com.cy, in his attempt to communicate repeatedly with someone responsible to the company , no one came to the phone , nor returned our calls , although we complete our data, while begging explanations for the reports which they were company to treat problems .
About the " Politika" and rely on a delay in staff salaries, while great concern expressed by partners and suppliers to the company's financial obligations and unfinished business.
NOT GIVE ANSWERS
As in the case of newsit.com.cy, so the ' Order ' the company kept the same attitude , that made ​​no clarification , or even responsive communication ...
The only answer seems to come from the same Danny Brewster , who says he has finally gone off the island and that is temporarily out of the country , " with a view to addressing some key issues that were far worse than people who propagate these inaccurate things in a public forum ... " .
In any case , when they had called the company executives in broadcast journalist , Chrysanthou Tsouroulli , the last time it was announced that the senior could not come , reducing the company's presence in a junior member of the company.
Yesterday , the Havelock Investments issued a notice stating that it was informed by manager Neo &amp; Bee, for increased and unusual activity in shares of the company and that is why it went to the suspension of their trading , the moment and the very Neo &amp; Bee reportedly investigating the matter .
With the confusion aggravating the fate of this company and its activities , questions arise about whether it still operates normally and what percentage has raised amounts of Cypriot citizens and what they have done these amounts.
DANNY YOU REALLY ASS F.CKED ALL. CONGRATULATIONS!!!
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:16:47
Don't believe Danny's crap.
The guy run away with many many thousands of investor's and people's coins and with millions in debts and unpaid employees.
All these will be documented by the police.
An international arrest warrant will be issued soon.
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:45:12
Danny translate and read this
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:34:45
Kiss your coins good bye.
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:07:44
Don't believe Danny's crap.
The guy run away with many many thousands of investor's and people's coins and with millions in debts and unpaid employees.
All these will be documented by the police.
An international arrest warrant will be issued soon.
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:34:26
Danny, in your post you said 
"Following those posts on the forum, I received direct threats targeted directly at my daughter, they have been reported to the relevant authorities,"
The authorities/police confirmed that no such report has been files, so either
1. You are a liar
2. You reported the threats to....non-Cypriot authorities 
3. You did not report to the police but to the Nicosia waterboard authorities or something.
So which one of the above??
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:35:37
He did not report the threats to the police.
He reported them to the Electricity Authority of Cyprus.
@_date: 2014-04-03 17:05:17
Lucky you.