@_author: bitbody2
@_date: 2016-08-03 05:49:15
what is bitgo claimed value?  it seems like they just sign txs and not go an inch beyond that role.
if bitgo was advising bitfinex on security practices or anything else of worth related to multisig, they should be just as liable.  i can't imagine anybody would pay for a tx signing service without more value add than that?
this is mind boggling..
don't take this wrong way - I'm just curious.. didn't it red flag you that as a customer, you didn't have an independent, private key as 1of3 parties?  the key holding system is incredibly weak so I'm wondering if people just let it slide or if they realized that there was little gain in the way keys were held.
good luck, i hope you get whats rightfully due to you because of both companies negligence.  But i know so ill leave it at "i hope your losses are manageable."
@_date: 2016-08-04 05:32:56
To an average non techs person, does the op statement seem honest and forthcoming?  Or did they technically make a truthful statement while leaving out a key fact?  WHY IN THE WORLD PRETEND THAT THEY ARENT At LEAST 50 PERCENT TO BLAME WHEN THEY KNOW DAM WELL THAT THEIR KEY WAS THE 2ND SIGNATURE AND THEIR PROTOCOLS HAD NO LIMIT CHECKS OR OTHER STOP MECHANISM DESPITE THEIR SECURITY PROMISES.
Anybody who lets either of these companies off the hook or decides to trust more money to either of them after this fiasco or doesn't see their obvious deceptiveness in the way they state their facts or make their promises needs to have their heads examined.
I am shocked at why anybody would defend these clowns at this stage after seeing the real world impact of these childish business practices.  People lost hard earned money and these people have the nerve to snake around the facts the same way they snaked around their business practices and transparency.
It's just...yuck
@_date: 2016-08-03 02:27:14
Why in the world would one party have two keys?  What's the point of multisig use?  If customer had one, wouldn't this clearly prevent unauthorized movement of funds?  What was the decision process here that made a majority key holder present in the equation to begin with?  hate seeing things like this.. Multisig could have saved the day if used as intended.. Am I missing something that makes a majority key holder a good idea?
@_date: 2016-08-02 21:44:00
How is it possible to have a multisig wallet hacked?  Would it be management of the private keys by bit fined or an inside job?  Or is there any known exploits?
Was 90 mil estimate all from multisig wallet?
And we're they lying about having one multisig wallet per user?  Who did they say held the keys?  And did they provide any kind of redeem script to let customers verify the holdings or audit their reserves?
I can't see how they recover here..
@_date: 2016-08-03 02:17:29
Google; bitfinex-bitgo-partner-offer-first-ever-multi-sig-exchange
If i read the bitfinex news release it basically says each customer account was a multisig wallet.  But it's unclear as to:
1. Who held a private key?  Did any one party hold majority keys?
2. It hints that this is not the default method of holding back.  Was it optional and therefore required customers to opt in?
Does anybody have a firm answer to how they worked this into their system?  Please point me to an article or post that clarifies this.
If 3 parties held independent keys and each customer wallet was unique - then a customer should be able to access their funds off market, view their wallet for confirming balance right now without bitfinex help.  It would be a triumph for multisig.  But why isn't this the case?  
Just found this quote;
Bitfinex uses a unique set of keys for each user, and separates each user’s funds on the public blockchain,” Bitgo stated at the time. “This powerful combination of BitGo’s multi-sig technology with Bitfinex’s exchange mitigates most of the shared pool security risks while simultaneously enabling users to verify their individual holdings on the blockchain.”
According to Tackett, all Bitfinex customers have their own BitGo wallet, and therefore there was no hot or cold wallet used by the exchange. “We have one key, bitgo has one key, and one key is kept in cold storage,” he verified.
That's just ridiculous.  One party holding 2 keys.  Customer doesn't even get a key lol.  People need to learn to run away from these implementations that just want to use cool keywords and trick people into a sense of security.  The obvious use of multisig would make theft virtually impossible but instead of doing that - they decide to just use the keywords to get business and f the customer when things go wrong.  I hope they replace whoever said running things over there.  It's pathetic.
@_date: 2016-08-22 17:38:32
Sounds super smart giving one party 2 keys.  Genius move with encrypting one of them!
Sounds like u just dont want things to be TOO safe for the user.  Wheres the fun in that??
@_date: 2016-08-09 04:47:43
Excellent book by the way!  Will there be a follow up on more advanced subject matter?
@_date: 2016-08-14 01:20:49
Any idea how long phase 5 shufflepiff will take?  A year or less?  
Is support done thru donations?  If so, is this roadmap fairly firm? Im looking to donate to coinjoin style -rojects but most of them seem to drop off the face of the earth after i donate so hoping that mycellium is 100% committed towards a mixing / privacy feature.
And i agree with wallet ui redesign.  I always found mycelium apps hard to use.
I think blockchain.info version 1 was the nicest ui ive used thru the years.  Not perfect but logically laid out and intuitive.
@_date: 2016-08-09 05:09:58
Decentralizedexchanges are super interesting but i fail to see how it can scale for fiat conversions.  These p2p solutions always seem to leverage the same payment processors like perfectmoney etc and stop short of any game changers.  What could the fiat possibilities be for the future?  Is there some method that would make this work for the majority of users?  Would it look like a localbitcoins style list of methods?
@_date: 2016-08-03 05:04:48
can u help me understand this better?  I always thought this was impossible to figure out on blockchain and that u needed the redeem redeem script. 
Are u saying that u must have the publickey value to compare it against?  In other words, I'm a stranger who has no knowledge of the pub keys so if i look at the tx - can i figure out the pub keys?  I think answer is no.  But because u have the possible pub key values, u can compare the tx values against the possible pub keys and figure it out.  Is that accurate?
@_date: 2016-08-09 04:56:30
In fairness, here's a blog post from their site.  Hopefully people demand the upmost transparency otherwise how would anybody have a clue what's happening as far as revenue distribution?
Reports have circulated suggesting that we have not committed reserves in the effort to compensate customers impacted by the security breach last week. Any such reports are false; we have committed all of the company’s reserves to compensate customers. Certain funds are being held back for our working capital purposes as we recommence operations. However, no property held back will be used to pay dividends to current shareholders unless and until our customers are repaid
@_date: 2016-08-03 05:34:36
so bitfinex 2 keys were used according to bitgo?  
its terrible how dumb these companies play it off after these things happen.  its extremely easy to see which 2 keys were used for some of the transactions that involve theft.  why is bitgo or bitfinex withholding this important information?  hopefully customers avoid both of these companies in future due to the manner they are intentionally obfuscating the facts with their silly wordplay.  bitgo states "no breach" but are careful not to say "our keys were not involved".  i suppose that should answer my question, huh?  I'm betting 1 bitfinex hot key + 1 bit go key.  bitgo had no flags to prevent a 100 million clean out and stop signing.  bitfinex hates their customers so lured them all in with the word multi signature which gave them no benefit security-wise or functionality wise compared to a central standard wallet.
@_date: 2016-08-04 04:51:03
This was not at all clear from beginning.
Bit fined pretended they didn't know.
Bit go stated that the server was definitely not compromised.
Neither came out and stated anything about the keys.  Of course, they both easily knew and maybe they slipped it into a Reddit reply.  But they were not at all forthcoming so I don't know how this was made clear to you but I would personally prefer that both companies stated it officially rather than playing word games about server compromises etc.
@_date: 2016-08-04 04:58:25
While they will certain;y shift blame wherever they can, I have to think that they had options beyond the way they set it up which was basically the weakest possible use of multi sit.  I don't think you could get to a worse workflow if you tried really hard to achieve the worlds worst counterproductive multisig sit setup.
out of this huge mistake, the best thing that will come from this will be customer education.  
If you spot a setup like this where the customer sees obfuscated statements about a technology that has transparency as a core value - run away from that service provider.
If you see yourself (customer) as being handled as last man in totem pole run away!  Example:  customer is promised a technology that gives them transparency, security and all those nice things but is not provided 1of3 keys because they think it's best to give you zero but hold two with custodian then listen to the gut feeling that tells you that you'd feel much more comfortable holding one of those keys(thank ya very much!)
@_date: 2016-08-03 03:10:58
How can u check the keys used on the txs u oointed out?  Or are they your txs so u have redeemscripts?
So the hacker swept thru thousands of wallets (one per customer) and systematically matched up the 2 keys in each wallets keypair?  Thats some ridiculously amateur security multiplied by two.  I hope that somebody is held liable here and the customers dont wind up holding the bag as usual.
I take it that bitgo business model is in the trash and theyll be out of business soon?  Customers need to start protecting themselves it seems.. Multisig 2of2 with customers holding one key seems like its the only way thatll have a chance to stop these hacks i suppose.  It seemed so incredibly unlikely that two unique custodians of two unique keys would have such bad security to allow a hack like this to take place.  Id like to say i dint believe that incompetence like this is possible but why should i be surprised anymore.  Where did u get this info about the keys?
@_date: 2016-08-09 04:53:01
People who continue to support these shade balls are out of their mind.  These people should be contributing more than any customer.  I have no clue how you'd figure out whether they are being honest though.  Honesty is not part of their core principles unfortunately so people should consider themselves lucky and run with any non-token money ASAP.  Trusting these guys again is going to leave u kicking urself a year from now when they pull some more nonsense.
Is the process to send around funds completely revamped now?  
@_date: 2016-08-14 01:14:00
I would also love to see some way that people could start to make their btc holdings work for them such as bitfinexs leverage/borrowing/lending features where people could use a reputation-based system to make loans people seeking leverage and expect returns on their money.  Further, a joinmarket style tumbler where people could make returns on pooling coins to the mixer.
Will joinmarket be doing any of this in the mear future?
And what is the best way to support this project?  Is it just using the system as much as possible?  Or growing user base?  Or straight donations?
If growth is most important, perhaps there is a way to incentivize growth by lending the small amts of btc that is required for the first trade .011btc?  If the current established users could lightly vet requests, id imagine many would donate/lend .011btc to a user who seemed halfway honest.  Almost like a takeapenny leaveapenny tray where people just help out to see a user get on board.  Then that user is expected to help another newbie and so on so forth.  Youd hope their arent so many nickel n diming scumbags out there thatd steal the takeapenny tray so often that it becomes useless.
@_date: 2016-08-03 05:18:02
feel sorry for the customers.
these bitfinex people wanted business based on multi signature technology that they clearly either could not or would not roll out in the most customer secure manner.  
keeping multiple private keys with a single party and relying on a service that they couldn't keep secure while preventing the customer from managing one of the private keys is not at all beneficial to the customer.  
they were just milking the multi signature trends and keywords and letting the customer absorb the risks.
all the money made by the beneficiaries at bitfinex won't be given back tho despite this obfuscation of what multi signature was doing for the customers security.  and bit go will wash their hands if they can.  
this is so easy to figure out which keys were used so why is bitfinex not stating this?  It does further impact things if bit go is the weak link.  but because bit finex doesn't benefit from releasing this info, they will not release it until they cover their asses as much as possible.  their site status page gives some lame, vague explanation that doesn't help a single person.  they easily know how to figure out the keys used and the partial to full amounts lost.
zack, ill apologize and stand corrected if you can explain why you are not clearly stating on the site whether it was the 2 bitfinex keys or 1 bitfinex + 1 bitgo key?  you guys must understand thats important community/customer info, right?
UPDATE: i see on reddit the confirmation of 120k coins.  it'd be good to put this on the site status page and not bury it in reddit.  not everybody reads reddit + so much stuff flies back and forth.
one good thing to prevent customers from suicide attempts might be to tell customers how they can check their wallet balances / tx since everybody had an individual wallet.  i assume the idea their was that a customer could audit their funds.  or was this just a wink and a smile type thing and their was no functionality to the one multisig per customer thing except being able to use the word 'multisig' when advertising?
@_date: 2016-08-09 05:12:21
Every party except the user is liable as the user held zero keys in this equation.  Let bitgo and bitfinex fight it out amongst themselves for the blame.  But i cant see where the money is coming from to payoff any suits.  Was bitfinex raking in revenue anywhere close to the loss figures?
@_date: 2016-08-14 01:04:22
Definitely a good option but i still fail to see how thats a gamechanger.  Dont get me wrong, having another option that doesnt require central controls is never a bad thing.  But what would you say makes bitsquare any different than lbc?
For future options, what are the possibilities that a decentralized exchange COULD OFFER?  Not even specific to bitsquare roadmap.  I, just trying to foresee where this could go in the future.  Right now, i cant envision the bank friction disappearing.  Am i wrong?
@_date: 2016-08-09 04:37:27
Are people seriously going to keep using bit Finex?  Is there a reason not to run away with whatever real money they credited and pull out the converted tokens as soon as bit finex repays?
All things considered, I can't see how a better outcome could be achieved under the circumstances.  I'm shocked how much cash was in this place and that only a third was lost.  And a repayment plan seems to be the only way not to have a gox situation where the losses are permanent.  Hopefully bit finex is transparent and fair with how they share revenue.
But trusting these guys a second time with more money than u can afford to lose is insane.
@_date: 2016-08-10 16:08:00
How convincing and transparent.. Cant wait to risk stupidity a second time!
the past week, we have taken significant steps to ensure that we can restore service in a secure environment. We have added additional platform and infrastructure security checks; regenerated all encrypted services, including wallets, security tokens, and passwords; moved funds to multisig cold storage; re-evaluated all third-party integrations; performed a comprehensive system audit in order to identify vulnerabilities; and, rebuilt our entire platform on new infrastructure.
@_date: 2016-08-09 05:02:53
Multisig is not broken.
Bitfinex and bitgos retarded workflow and key custodian schema was the broken part.
Seems like bitgo in particular for claiming to be some sort of expert.
What exactly is your criteria for broken?  Multisig does what is says it can do.  How that is leveraged depends on the use case'
@_date: 2016-08-04 05:35:45
To be clear, at the time of op post, they knew for a fact that 1 bit fined and 1 bit go key was used.  They chose to use wordplay to further deceive people with this posting.
5 mins after the theft was noticed, they knew their key was involved.  But they were sure sneaky about stating that damning fact.
@_date: 2017-03-30 00:04:09
I cant believe this place still has business after the bitfinex fiasco.  Weird industry.. it seems to take a dozen similar massive robberies before ppl stop using incompetent companies who are basically inviting in scammartists with a hug and kiss.
This place sshould have been written off after the ossue/. And if nor, rhen, they should have been writtenmoff when they tried to create some ridiculous spin about how they lacked fault in the loss of bitfinex funds.
Had they manned up and admitted they had a bad theory in place and would dullyce-think the distrinution of keys, then maybe rheyd deserve a one time pass.  But ive yet to hear them acknowledge ANY FAULT.  NOT A GOOD LOOK!1
 they weent at rals
@_date: 2016-11-01 20:55:08
U wont get the plugin working if its the one by gesman that it sounds like.
Instead, i highly recommend looking at cryptowoo plugin (google it because its not in wordpress repository).
Its a paid plugin but it is worth it.  Does exactly what u want with electrum mpk, etc. and works flawlessly and is constantly upgraded with great customer support.
@_date: 2017-11-16 06:54:15
In ur opinion why would my tx sit unconfirmed for 24-48 hrs?  I think i had a .003 fee which is like 20 bucks if im doing math right.  And when i looked at suggested fee it calculated to over 100 dollars.  I would have figured that spam tx would have .0002-.0004 fees and that my tx would be fine due to having a 20 fee.  It was 900 bytes i believe.  It did have multiple inputs etc but not abnormal as far as txs i usually send with .0008 fees and take less than hour.  
If mot the spamming with low fee tx what might it be?  I can probably track down my tx number if this seems unbelievable to some of u guys?
I will say that as of today things work at usual mine speeds using .0008 fees.
@_date: 2017-11-16 06:58:41
My bad on math.. im going to try to find the worst tx and see exactly what inwound up having for fees.  I did so many txs with increased rbf fees and cpfp fees that i definitely wound up going with fees way above what ive ever paid.
With a 10-15 fee, am i alone in having a tx unconfirmed after 24 hrs?  
From what im hearing, my situation seems abnormal compared to what others experienced this weekend?
@_date: 2017-11-14 10:32:57
as a layman - im still trying to wrap my brain around this too.  ive never seen this happen in 5+ years of using btc.  i can only speak to my experience.  i wanted to send all my coins to one place to prep for sweeping seeds for any upcoming forks (i wasnt well prepared for the first one).
- i sent a few transactions of .1 btc - .8 btc over the weekend and included fee of .0008 btc.  
- 36 hours later - they were not confirmed.  I increased fee to .001 - .002 btc.
- 24 hours later - still nothing.
i use electrum wallet (a non-segwit / standard-type wallet).
i came to conclusion that it was related to the fork activities but things didnt seem right when $50 fees werent getting my tx thru.  that made me believe that spamming of tx's was possible when looking at certain price activity.
ELI5 - why would a $50 fee tx take over 24 hours without some funny business going on?
@_date: 2017-11-14 10:47:34
whats the downside?  certain places (like exchanges) may not send to segwit-style addresses?  or certain places (like a gyft-style checkout) may not accept payment from a segwit-style address?
whats worst that can happen?  your send/receive gets rejected + no btc lost?
thanks for this post.  finally made some stuff click in my brain relating to the overflow of info ive been trying to understand lately.
@_date: 2017-11-14 10:38:19
this matches what i think and have seen but let me ask you this:
has this ever happened to btc in last few years where a $50-75 fee tx would remain un-confirmed for 24+ hours?  theres never been a weekend where the profitability for miners would cause something like this past weekend?  
i just cant remember another period where my tx's wouldnt go thru with ridiculous fees on them.