@_author: bitblender
@_date: 2018-08-27 19:36:58
Afaik all links on [darknetmarkets.org]( leads to scam/phishing clone sites of the originals.
@_date: 2018-08-27 19:35:48
Sorry but that URL is a scam/phishing look alike Blender site, you need to use the correct URL.
@_date: 2018-05-29 05:41:26
I usually only check the announcement thread on bitcointalk if there is anything i need to respond to,   
That is where i send users from bitblendervrfkzr.onion for discussion about the mixer.  
Yes it was probably 8 months since i last signed in on Reddit. The only reason i found this post was because a user of the service sent a support message to me (on the correct site) telling me to check this out.
@_date: 2018-05-28 14:56:26
bitblendervrfkzr.onion is the correct URL as can be found in the announcement thread on bitcointalk, any other URL is a scam.  
I answer all support messages sent to me, if you actually send it to me and not a phishing site. You can all register and send me a message if you like to try.  
All deposit addresses on Blender are segwit now and start with a 3 since two months, you can also verify that the displayed addresses are correct by getting and verifying the "Proof of Ownership" PGP message obtainable from the deposit page, it contains your username and your deposit addresses signed by my PGP key.  
If you want to prove i am a scam (which no one yet has done) you can use the quickmix option and save the PGP signed "Bitcoin Blender Guarantee". It contains the deposit address you are supposed to send your coins to and the destination address you specified, all signed by my PGP key. If i do not deliver new coins to your destination address you can post this PGP message and anyone can verify its signature and check the blockchain if the coins was sent or not.
@_date: 2018-05-29 06:12:17
I recommend that you also add a PGP key for 2FA after changing the password, it is easy and adds security to your account.  
Good luck.
@_date: 2014-05-31 18:33:32
Shared Coin is based on Coin Join and even their FAQ says that there will always be a connection between the input coins and the output coins.
Blockchain.info's old mixer (Shared Send) was a real mixer that actually sent you other coins than the coins you put in.
@_date: 2018-05-29 05:35:01
As i said i respond to all support messages, but you need to use to the correct site. Support messages are deleted after 10 days so if you take that long time to check for an answer then they would be gone. The system deletes any logs and DB entries older than 10 days for privacy.  
It does not look like he provided any proof at all in that bitcointalk post you linked above.  
I have tried to provide ways for users to verify they are on the correct site, like the correct URL inside the captcha on login, adding a PGP for 2FA gives you the correct URL together with the OTP, you can verify the signature of the Proof of  Ownership so you know the deposit addresses where generated by me. If you want to be sure you would use the quickmix option and save the Guarantee PGP message, like i described above.  
I have tried reporting the phishing sites to Google, nothing happens there. Also contacted hosting providers of those that are not .onion sites and got a response that they will not take down the site.  