@_author: bitbobb
@_date: 2016-08-19 19:30:36
     I personally do not think the corporation should have the same rights as the living soul.   But for now there is money in politics from corporations as a speech right.  And the money can be monitored for quality and quantity and the blochchain can assist in this process.  I do not know about you but I would rather have a candidate getting transparent donations from a pac or have transparent expenditures from a superPAC than the unknown donations like the Clinton foundation has been getting from foreign governments and their actors. 
@_date: 2016-08-19 20:14:49
How much would you like to bet that there is no provision for direct contribution in digital money to a candidate?  There have already been direct contributions of bitcoin given directly to political candidates in the USA via paper wallets.
Second,  I agree money and politics is bad but that is too late.  You are arguing in the past.  I am concerned you do not understand that since money is there then both sides must be able to get it.  If money is removed it must be removed from both.  Even if you do as Israel claims then foreigners still will find a way to influence the election with donations (in fact monopolize it) so the money thing is unavoidable but your willingness to argue ideology is very admirable.   And your suggestions/ solutions also very interesting.
To donate in the USA to a politician using digital money you must state your citizenship and name to send more than a few hundred dollars to a hybrid super pac/ pac.  So this way it is not foreigners that can influence the election which is what has happened to the countries that tried to remove money from politics have experienced.
Lastly, it is not that we are adding more money to politics but we are using Federal reserve notes which is private script that was granted legal tender status, and therefore is like a soft money.  So the "costs" of things measured in this script are in fact going to increase and decrees constantly as the purchasing power of the unit of measure known as a dollar gets moved around.  So no body is saying put more money into politics since it is probably less actual purchasing power that is available even when "more money" is added to anything.  When George W. Bush was asked to run for president it was estimated that he needed 100M USD to win.  And so far it looks like Trump is doing his run for about the same yet I do not think anybody is trying to say that 100M usd in 2000 is the same purchasing power as 100M USD in 2016?    So while I would like to limit money in politics unless you are recommending fixing the soft money system of America and the world (which I would love to help with) or promoting Bitcoin as the new legal tender, with the money system we have now there is no way to avoid more money in politics any more than you can stop the price of a gallon of gas going up.  But I agree that doesn't stop folks from complaining at the pump each day.
@_date: 2016-01-18 02:40:39
Their "influence" is directly proportional to the stupidity of the people (**for now**).  However the actual influence is supposed to be voluntary.  Ever since the individual had the choice to resist the King by joining either the local militia, state or new continental army the right to individual voluntary choice has been a fundamental part of our open society.  If we wish to inherit the traditions of history and build upon the non-offensive parts then we must acknowledge that the best society is brought about by voluntary choice.   The individuals could have sided with the British or simply absorbed bullets as an individual or gone home and many did.  This is why there is a strong voluntary and individualistic tradition in USA.  And this is why if you are educated, willing and able you can find an alternative to using private script.  However as many in this thread has stated, you are up against the most powerful brokers on the planet with each transaction you do in this alternative method.  How long will it take for them to eliminate, discredit, approach, undermine, subvert, influence, or purchase you?  And are you willing to do this all by yourself for a planet full of people that do not know you are even doing it?  Most folks think you just don't want to pay your taxes or that you want to get rich quick?  They could never comprehend that you are saving the people from their own stupidity.  You know they do not have time to study everything needed to understand the theory like the heads of the financial houses do.  SDon't you know that you only get good legal advice sometimes when the next thing to eliminate from the budget is the law firm you employ.  All of a sudden the lawyer will have a suprising legal advice that can save the company money and allow you to continue employing his services.  Doe legla research and coding get easier if you are attractive?  Does politics?   And historically the bet that the people are stupid is more of a sure thing than money in the bank.  It is called political capital.  
    Purchasing bitcoin and using them now for your available goods and services says 2 things.  1).  It says you are not rock stupid and you see the problem with keeping your money in a bag with holes in it.  2).  It says that you want a solution to this offesive practise of trusting institutions that do not answer to any one but themselves  
@_date: 2016-01-18 08:36:38
It just started working again for me.
@_date: 2016-01-20 06:15:13
I did not tell you to learn code I was telling the parent like you were also doing.  So that is where the confusion.  Keep up the good work!  Thanks
@_date: 2016-01-20 03:43:50
I do not understand your comment.  what have you developed?  Does it allow people to put their goods and services up for sale using bitcoin or in some way facilitate that happening in an easier fashion??  I would like to see some cashier solftware that is open source that allows bitcoin to be woven into the mix.
@_date: 2016-01-18 07:52:25
Store of value is a thing because some item is highly valued by people.  People choose one store of value over another due to a higher liquidity.  High liquidity means lowest friction lower risk in use/ exchange.  Low risk can mean low volitility in value drops.  Does bitcoin have those things?  It does have many of them, and the potential to have all of them.  I think a true store of value it can become due to the scarcity and low friction especially.  I would wait to call bitcoin this until many people value them for a long time.  If the value of frn's, gold or bitcoin drops you are left with paper &amp; ink, yellow metal, or digital information just make sure you need some of those things worst case.  Anyone declaring bitcoin dead should be examined for a smoking gun JMHO
p.s. increase use of bitcoin as a payment system and you could increase the honor in the market place.  Forget about getting rich by speculating on other people doing it.  If you need both buy 1000 coins and start coding.  Or if you got a real good idea 1 coin should be enough
@_date: 2016-01-18 03:38:10
learn to code.  I heard a guy just quit!  You are needed!  Especially if you can flinch when the whole world smiles at you..
@_date: 2016-02-24 20:04:43
I have heard of banks cancelling accounts if they find they are used to purchase bitcoins that are then sold via ATM's.  This is how they make it difficult to obtain XBC for a good price.
@_date: 2016-09-25 19:47:35
Maybe coinbase is having problems supplying coins..
@_date: 2016-05-25 09:19:30
do you really think the price at the pump is determined by s &amp; d?  
@_date: 2016-07-19 00:34:20
I am trying to run for temporary treasurer for trumpcoin.  (Altcoin) and I am trying to help this coin get its organization going.  It has some moon potential.  I just got fudded so bad that someone took my identity (bitbobb) and impersonated me on yobit trollbox as the new treasurer and slandered me with fake commenting in a very pro fashion.  However the vote is today.  I think some is owrried that I will not get to help this coin but you can vote is you are not a newbie here at post # 856: 