@_author: bitbrodin
@_date: 2016-04-27 18:56:54
i'd be inclined to conclude the opposite, irregardless of the reasoning provided. other elements of bitcoin considered, it is fortunate that the market cap is small. floods are more clearly seen as floods, hedges are more clearly revealed and cleared in shorter intervals, and manipulations of force/volume/network position move on. 
the alternative is that a 'bad', or a 'good', keeps going, no change happens soon enough, and know one knows truth. the delta between mass currencies and bitcoin can't be addressed. the delta between mass bitcoin reserves held and only a small volume traded can't be addressed. 
so again, what is a lie? what is a truth? now, for as much lies and truth can be revealed with the surrounding currency environment going nuts for decades, multiple exchanges expanding accounting tricks, and the like, this is still a correction. could be a correction to latency or backlog -- not necessarily 100% speculation/lie, but nevertheless, still a correction. i can't even necessarily use the word 'correction', because no one truly knows until more changes, swings, trades, and trends happen. but that's precisely it, small cap means change must happen sooner, rather than later, lessening obfuscation.
yes, outside this, are supposed 'dark' large bitcoin reserves, which could be used as garbage to volume-out and manipulate. but then that means that those bitcoin are relative-garbage, and truth still comes out. so such a scenario can't be stopped anyway. again, for as much can ever be known in the surrounding currency crazy pot bitcoin is boiling in.
@_date: 2016-04-18 10:37:15
the truth is for those who pay.
annie paid for nothing, and knew thus not only nothing, but bastardized/slutified every echo that left her mouth and pen. she knew no better, and used the virtue signaling cover of 'seeking truth' for seeking the proxies that captivated her.
@_date: 2016-03-05 05:56:06
as a single moment, or singular transaction, this is true.
my prior arguments were referencing the effect of subsequent moments and chains of transactions.
no moral boundaries. rather, just time. as time ticks away: boundaries will self-form with subsequent trades of worth. the cam girl now has the bitcoins, which she only took because other people gave them worth. now what does she do with them? she will not put worth into them, and only continue to arbitrage and parasitically extract worth. eventually, this does indeed cause a reaction: bitcoin's non-bit/non-rarity value falls, and falls differentially. 
this differential/delta of falling non-rarity worth value is the key. it is antecedently dependent on first expending worth into a set of bits. thus, from the point of view of a single trader -- who is investing said non-bit non-rarity worth -- i notice the worth-sink faster from the employee subsequently trading it off to cam girls. i don't see the cam girls, nor do i care. i just see my worth not preserved and/or falling faster in that specific trade path gateway (e.g. the next hop is invisible to me, all i see is the first hop: the employee). my reaction, as a worth-creator that foolishly paired worth to bit-value/bit-rarity and traded it, is to either limit/stop pairing, or limit/stop trading.
from the point of view of the ledger (the nominal public accounting, e.g. $20), none of this is visible. but this is the very reason why the ledgers had, gain, or lose value in the first place. a rock is a rock, until it is traded for a non-rock, then it is a paired rock-nonrock. this itself can be further broken down, if the rock has intrinsic value/rarity, and further broken down if the rock trades with other equivalent rocks in a rock-network. all this forms an nth-tuple pair, of which time is part of (see: network). 
to ignore time's effects is short sighted. to call generalized lessons learned over time 'morals' is a mis-label. morals are preachings by grapevines long since cut off from any grounding reality, which is not what this is.
@_date: 2016-01-12 02:03:48
that impression is correct. until a confession retracts it, which is also correct.
@_date: 2016-01-11 10:52:54
redhat votes control of the kernel to itself, and thinks itself community, all driven by redhat using a child to subvert decades of gnulinux development. not even a decade later, systemd is falling apart at the seams, and the kernel core that left now routes around literally an entire industry of failure.
the community has reached consensus on consumption. nothing more. a bit reminiscent of biting the hand that feeds us.
@_date: 2016-01-11 10:42:54
the contention is that democracy is not king, that democracy is regression to the mean, that the mean is currency merchants like coinbase, who are too short sighted and do not know what they are doing.
the contention is yes, some are, in fact, more equal than others. namely those that create/provision/adapt the tool we all use. along the same lines, currency merchants should always be the least equal, for their loyalty is to currency, not the tool, not invention, and most certainly not the process of letting utility innovation drive adoption.
your vote is for coinbase. because you think coinbase represents... what, exactly? you? coinbase's decision invalidates your democratic beliefs. 
@_date: 2016-03-05 05:01:03


agreed. 
in short: block chain expansion is inflation. block chain limits and bitcoin halving are neutral, both of which are not inflation (but not not-inflation either). all those who want expansion (e.g. inflation) only do so because they profit on the time arbitrage of network worth, at the expense of worth itself. time arbitraged expansion while holding central trade position is thus a lie, it transfers the non-denominated true worth to the liar from the truth holder, and the liar experiences 'growth' and 'profitability'.
inflation of ledgers is profitable to bankers, because (3) their network topology of ledgers is central, and (4) the time of ledger propagation is fastest for them. in contrast, ledger network is (1a) decentral and (1b) slowest for every one else. thus, central position holders can lie: they can expand (reduce ledger value, mathematical division) and simultaneously arbitrage on time itself. the down-network traders -- having not yet realized inflation has reduce nominal value -- would trade for less instantaneously, if they knew expansion just made everything worth literally less than before. but since time exists, instantaneous is not mechanical reality, down network trades continue to happen at over value while central ledger-expansion is under way, profiting the value to the central trader. the denomination is irrelevant, the unspoken presumption worth value is, and that is transferred (not made).
coinbase, an effective central gateway to bitcoin bits, profits by inflation. coinbase's effective confession is that, as a merchant (i.e. not a creator of worth), it is against anything not pro-inflation (i.e. all limits of worth transfer). further, coinbase reveals through such that they have made themselves dependent on said supply expansion, which is only possible because of their relative network central position. coinbase must expand, and is trying to force bitcoin to expand as well, which they are now doing only -after- they got to their network position, which they only got to do -after- exploiting the latent time arbitrage of network worth. coinbase, as a merchant, is a worth-network latency miner; a worth-network latent potential consumer, not a worth-creator, hence why they pursue network expansion the way that they do.
the -tool- of bitcoin was, is, and will always be centralized: it must be created, innovated, and developed. ability, and the choice to use it to provision bitcoin, it is not a democracy, nor ever will be. coinbase's assertion of multi-culti multi-parti magic is delusion, reached only because coinbase saw devs at -their- round table and thought -coinbase- could be them. even if coinbase imitates devs perfectly, it will still be hollow, still a non-worth creator, still reliant on ledger-of-worth expansion, and still transfer (i.e. profit) the non-ledger worth to themselves in the process.
@_date: 2016-01-12 01:53:47
vacuums and morals? i don't think those go together. 
i don't care for morals; no one can agree on them. i do care for my time, however. here, if i employ, i trade my time and pay, but such is imperfect and fraught with presumptions. so i also agree to have patience, presume good faith, and presume the employee at least also agrees. but then i see part of what i traded get shoveled into camgirls. and at that moment, you can be rest assured that part of the trade is factually violated. it does lie on the presumption that the employee was worth my time in the first place -- an assumption i'll swiftly correct. 
crusades of regulation and legalities come second to trade. trade always establishes equivalence of what's traded firstly. and equivalences have a way of being transitive. camgirls using bitcoin says nothing of rank about the tool, but rather everything about the trade -- and those trading.
do try to value time more. assets that deprecate with each passing second are not investment, nor are they worth bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-03-05 05:25:35


most eloquently spoken. coinbase is ungrateful, and their lack of gratitude is repulsive. 
in abstract: often, those that exhibit this behavior, reveal in time that they never agreed to participate in actual worth from the very beginning, and only feigned agreement while they take worth and never contribute worth. 
giving gifts to dependents who do choose to not agree firstly (e.g. acknowledge gifts, e.g. have gratitude), leads only to the one-sided and ungrateful expansion of said dependents. this itself sets in motion an inevitable clock that ticks away, until the dependents have expanded past the ability of any gifts to satiate them.
@_date: 2016-01-12 01:34:59
my vote is for each to win their own, and stay out of using success in their own against what's not their own. ex facto: we are all share croppers here. on the space not maintained by us. a space that is itself not uniform, not democratic, nor ever was, nor ever will be. now, if it makes you feel better, by all means revise my vote into a strange narrative of central (as if it ever wasn't), democracy (as if it ever was democratic), and deciding good (as if good and evil were ever up to us to decide).
my example cited is you. as if censoring a company is censoring a person; as if this is about censoring at all; as if the *nothing but good* factually applies post bip101; as if some mass freedom is really what is cared for on either side -- let alone yours or mine; as if any ever had any freedom at all -- either then or now; as if coinbase's actions just gained 'freedom'. all grand distortions of words and meanings again into something that simply isn't.
so, let's just get back to what is. consider that if bitcoin CORE attempted misappropriate their proven might in development into dictating currency exchange, i would be against that as well. because CORE has not proven it knows how to do currency exchange. likewise, since coinbase used its success in merchant market to re-appropriate success in tool development, i stand against such actual forced success. because it's not success. nor is it freedom -- but nothing here was ever for the masses anyway.
priorly, each space owner did what they did best. this isn't the case with coinbase any more. 
don't get me wrong. i do hope coinbase succeeds. but this is an independent preference; i find failures, especially those lost in insane fabricated narratives, disgusting. i hope they prove me wrong. it'll be all the more ugly if they can't.
@_date: 2016-01-11 09:56:49
can't tell if you're joking.
girl isn't worth even one millionth of a BTC. that she can dupe idiots out of their cash is unfortunate.
a builder of cars, factories, and civilization pays a worker for their time with ledgers redeemable for future time. that worker now redeems those proofs of work for... camgirls? that means, by transitive/fungible property of the ledger, that the employer's time is worth nothing more than a camgirl. 
that you can trade bitcoins for sex-like interaction ultimately devalues bitcoins. ultimately devalues alot of things, actually. sure, bitcoins are also money, so that remains, but such is a fleeting consolation. 
@_date: 2016-01-11 10:13:35
we understand your position, judas.
it just seems a little ungrateful, that's all. as soon as coinbase pulled this stunt, the question of bip101 became irrelevant. we don't blame you. play the odds, do business, etc. it is still overly shortsighted. all the more harder to call clearly, since much of bitcoin's new user expansion of late is from coinbase's efforts. 
it's just dirty. and as stated, ungrateful. you're turning your back not so much on the programmers that made you, but on the process that made - and still makes - bitcoin possible.
we all know what's coming next. and it's going to suck. just get it over with.
@_date: 2016-10-10 13:40:01
fictitious fantasy.
it all depends on the owner -first-,
and -then- it depends on the design actions.
afterwards, it still firstly depends on continued ownership chain having validity
which -then- still depend on the right implement acts taken.
the whole point of the comic, is that the device-owner owns nothing. the attribute of this final view to the previous event: the manufacturer-owner invalidity and dependency. an invalid manufacturer can do every last valid implementation, but it will all still end the way the comic does. you can't avoid the comic with 'muh implementation' -- you need both. and this comic demonstrates the unavoidable ends of lack of ownership firstly.
@_date: 2016-05-11 15:44:25
on segwit, or any other limited auth validator role by slicing the data as not-mine-don't-care: doesn't this create the need for more data to be pushed, or history of full blocks retained?
essentially, the trust is only limited, the work incomplete, which will nevertheless be pushed forward down the road. instead of edge history, you'll have to have limited chain history on top of that. otherwise, you risk accepting an increasing risk of invalid source string/coin.
something, or someone, will have to eventually act as the gateway between the segwit constellations. it may end up that such transactions will have a higher rate to 'jump the pond'.
@_date: 2016-05-11 15:34:01
only possible in make believe.
an authenticated validated edge-history ledger is only purposeful if the content of the ledger is also legitimate in source. that is, a blockchain on dollars is pointless: dollars are printed out of nothing, credited based on nothing, and charged interest at forced/one-sided APR.
should the 'bank' to worry about getting left behind in 'blockchain' tech? or give up their ability to claim dollars into existence and force rates that no one on this green earth agrees to pay their parasitic asses? tough decision. oh wait, it's not. they can't implement block chain, they have no currency validity of worth, and they will absolutely never agree to anything less than their 'winning'.
hence cuck-corda model: they choose. nothing else is possible, if dollars are the source. they just happen to take their cut, which they choose as well, and forbid any inspection into how many dollars/credits/lies they cast into existence.
@_date: 2015-10-25 17:47:52
you're not thinking this out. you're friend admitted he's hollow - that he benefits from fake ledgers whereby value comes from not him. what did you think he was going to say? "yes, i should be poor, let's do this!"?
bitcoin satisfies trade, and keeps harsh control over future certainty. but if you have nothing to trade? well then you definitely don't want a hard ledger stating that you get nothing; i.e. you don't want bitcoin.
we all know that it just comes down to trade: if i trade for brocoins (which don't exist, but are enumerated), and can then trade the coins themselves for mining rigs, then exchange has been established. the key is time: if the amount of brocoins stays roughly the same over the total trade period, then i know with certainty the equivalence of me.extant that equals rig.extant. the end. that's it. that's all there is. it's all there needs to be: trading extant existence for imaginary would be bad, unless that imaginary can be enumerated (credit/debt) and fixed over a time period (future). 
remember: people, though largely stupid, are not not shrews. they still know if they have value to trade to you, no matter how many lies they tell. they can *sense* it; all animals can. so if you don't have any, or fear it's much less than brospeak covers it up to be, then you definitely *don't* want to trade honestly. you'd loose. how can your friend save face, admitting, *sensing*, that he'd loose? no one wants to be poor, especially if you deserve it.
/edit: tl;dr: bitcoin intrinsically polarizes the net productive (i.e. can afford risk) and net consumptive (i.e. can't afford risk). once the idea is conveyed of how bitcoin behaves, the loosers will scream, with pointless defiance.
@_date: 2016-05-10 19:22:03
the past paragraph is a strange narrative distortion; it is not your witness. there is not a system, no matter how much it pretends to be. each component is not what it claims. i don't care how well they pretend, time proves they are not anything they pretended to be.
- - -
i have rarely seen a magical world of faultless, guiltless, hazardless, worth. what i have seen, what we have all seen, is the bankrupt-from-the-very-beginning masquerading as if everything you state was even remotely capable for them. the 'forcing' is accepting the subversion in the first place: the banks had no money to lend, investors had no wealth to invest, the creditors were never productive in the first place. that some want repayments on imaginary numbers printed out of thin air is par the course. a course that will be answered with more of the same upon actual worth: forcing (1) real productivity to be exchanged for simultaneously more fiat-paper (central inflation, credit lends to higher debts) and (2) accepting even less fiat-paper for real production (peripheral deflation, debt prostitutes chasing less and less paper for any desperate sale).
what i see is that there are highly divergent economic networks, all forced to accept each dollar as equal to the next. but no dollar is equal. dollars are ledgers, proxies for the rest of what supposed to be behind them. if any point of the dollar network does not auth and validate the 'behind' -- the actual existence of worth -- then the network fails. it's a clock that ticks away by month and annuity payments, eventually revealing truth no matter how much it tries to hide it. worth was doing what it always does, and it was subverted. subverted in currency, in actor, in creditor, in creditee, and in bank.
speaking of which, what i also see is that a bank makes profit on rate. they hire people to sell credit, at rate. they can't touch the principal even if it had worth to begin with, only the annuity is their profit. the hired clerk that sells the credit doesn't care about the principal, nor does the bank in consequence. they only care about the annuity. eventually, time ticks away, and some of those sells default on the principal + annuity payback. is that employee even there anymore? or their manager? or their director? or their chief? does it even matter? the dollars won't be coming back worthless or not; the principal won't be coming back worthless or not; the annuity isn't there, regardless if it had worth or not. only the people who kept their dollars in that institution lose: the employee got paid, the manager got paid, the director got paid, the chief got paid -- and if any of them were smart, they had contract parachutes too, guaranteeing more dollars to them. the account holder looses, but were they even real in the first place? was any of it? is any of it?
what i also i see, adding to the 'does it matter?', is that there are govt house lending, smb lending, all further masquerading. now initially, these plans didn't change the initial sale, but did sweeten the resale of the debt (insurance, backed by more imaginary govt promises). eventually, the 'market' rose, and more currency was lent, and more profit annuity was had. eventually, added kickbacks for each sale were introduced, directly paying on top of each sale. all to the credit unworthy, all executed by the hired unworthy, all authorized by unworthy banks, all to push more paper around.
the mechanisms i see could be described by your last paragraph. but a farce is still a farce. the worthless can do every valid action and dance, but they're still worthless. worthless from the very beginning. and they all knew it.