@_author: bitben
@_date: 2014-10-09 23:53:22
Done!  
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:33:17
Hi everyone,
This is Ben from The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin.  First off, thank you all for your continued support.  We've been working full-time on this film for what seems like a lifetime now!  (And it's been worth every second).  To address a few of the questions that have come through on here, we have been working on the final edit of the film up until this past week.  The premiere at Tribeca was an early draft that we screened in order to showcase the film to distributors.  It is now officially done and we are prepping it for distribution.
We have always believed that a slightly more traditional release with the film would inevitably do the most good in reaching the widest audience.  On average, a documentary with traditional distribution will reach between 10x and 50x more viewers than a strictly digital release.  The flip side is that it does take a bit longer as well.  Translation into multiple languages, QC for each territory, separate frame rate outputs, marketing deals with third party distributors, networks, and partners...  all these things add a bit of extra time to a release, and trust me when I say that if it wasn't worth it in the end, we wouldn't be doing it.  We're as eager as anyone to get the film out.  But we want to give it the best chance at making the biggest impact for Bitcoin as a whole, by reaching people that are interested in learning more about Bitcoin without them having to scour the internet for reliable sources.  They'll be able to passively learn, simply by watching the film locally or directly on their TV.
I can sense the frustration in a few of the posts on here, and I can totally understand where it's coming from, but please...  just stick with us a little while longer.  We're Bitcoiners too, and we're working hard to represent Bitcoin to the masses in the best way possible.  And now that the film is officially done, we wanted to make sure that the first eyes to see the film are those of Bitcoiners.  That's why we're screening the brand new edit at The North American Bitcoin Conference on Friday.  I really hope to see you there.  And if you do attend, please feel free to come up and ask any questions you like after the screening.
To the moon!
P.S. - If you want to stay up to date on the latest release info for the film, make sure you sign up for our mailing list on BitcoinDoc.com - We only do major updates.
@_date: 2014-10-09 23:19:48
Hi all.  This is Ben from The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin.  I just made a post with the official donation info.
@_date: 2014-10-04 15:32:31
Totally agree.  That's a total bummer.  We worked hard to make sure that the film is available for Bitcoin at every pass (Download with BTC on BitcoinDoc.com, all of the theaters that are showing the film accept Bitcoin, etc.) but it looks like a few of the online payment processors for the venues haven't been able to make the switch yet.  Rest assured, you can get your tickets and popcorn using Bitcoin if you transact directly with the theater.  I bought my ticket to the LA screening in Bitcoin. I hope you enjoy the film. 
@_date: 2014-09-11 23:09:03
It's being released!  Check out BitcoinDoc.com for more info - the film is available for pre-order right now via Bitcoin or credit card.  Also available on iTunes.  In select theaters October 3rd and available in 21 languages worldwide on October 10th!
@_date: 2014-09-10 07:37:00
Hi everyone.  This is Ben Bledsoe, one of the producers of the film.  As of today, we have officially made the announcement.  The film will be released in select cities in the US on October 3rd and worldwide on Video on Demand (VOD) October 10th!
Check out our newly redesigned website  for more info.  Also, sign up for the newsletter for all the updates.  Here's a link to today's post:  
Thank you for your continued support!
@_date: 2014-09-10 07:27:56
Yep!  And they will be screening "The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin" at Sibos on the 29th as well.
@_date: 2014-10-09 23:23:11
Hey all.  I'm glad you're enjoying the film!  I'm a producer from the film and just posted a link with the team's official donation address.  Please see here:
@_date: 2014-07-08 08:31:08
Fantastic question.  And no.  We believe that it is very important to release the film globally.  Which is another reason the process takes a little longer than a new market release.  Translation/narration into several languages, etc., requires a minimum amount of time.  But rest assured this is all in motion and the film will be releasing to everyone as soon as  possible.  There are a lot of moving parts, so please stick with us.  We're in this Bitcoin bandwagon together.
@_date: 2014-07-07 23:33:47
Hey everyone.  I'm Ben Bledsoe, one of the producers on "The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin" - First off, I want to thank everyone for their incredible support throughout the process of making the documentary, the Bitcoin community has been very welcoming to us over this past year of filming, and that's why we want to do a private screening for the Bitcoin community before it's release!
To help explain where we're at, the film premiered at Tribeca as a way to meet distributors.  The film was not finished (in it's entirety) and we were editing up until the same week of it's premiere there.  We've been working ever since, and just today rendered the final edit of the completed film.  This is how we are now able to screen the film in Chicago!  It will be a free screening for the community, and we're excited to show everyone the completed film.  If you're unable to make it to the conference, no worries...  we will be making an announcement soon about the formal release of the film.  It just takes a bit of time with a traditional market release.
We have always believed that a traditional release is the best way to reach the widest audience and educate those who know a bit about Bitcoin and want to learn more, as well as total lay-people to the concept of Bitcoin.  We have worked hard to make sure that the film is also geared towards the adamant Bitcoin fan as well and have lots of nuggets of inside footage that wouldn't be seen anywhere else.
It is our goal to help strengthen the understanding of Bitcoin overall, and we are very proud of the film and hope it is able to play it's part in the overall good and growth of Bitcoin.
Also, just as an aside, I've seen a handful of people mentioning that the film was crowdfunded.  I think that may be a mixup with one of the other documentaries that are in the works.  The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin was privately funded.  We did receive some donations on our website which have been wonderful contributions which have helped cover our hosting and domain costs, and we are very grateful for those, but the film was privately funded by our executive producer.
I can't tell you how eager we are to get the film released now that it is officially finished, and we look forward to hearing your thoughts and insights as well.
@_date: 2014-07-08 08:24:02
Hi Aiakos. I'm not sure which other documentaries specifically have crowdfunded their budgets, but I know there have been a few.  It's an incredible way to get a project off the ground and sometimes makes more sense than getting a private investor to find a project.  We chose to work with a private investor for several reasons (one being the obvious mining payment deflation/delay issues that have happened in the past) and also because it makes accounting much easier in the end.  So, to best answer your question, we didn't receive any crowd funding for The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin.  My best guess is that people are confusing our project for one they supported or saw a kick starter campaign for.  I'm not sure.  
@_date: 2014-10-15 16:31:40
Screenshot here:  
@_date: 2014-04-16 22:27:32
@_date: 2014-10-09 21:11:52
Vimeo does!  
@_date: 2014-01-18 20:13:34
Hey Everyone,
My name is Ben Bledsoe and I am a producer on "The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin"
I wanted to take a minute and make sure you know that we are still very much working full time on the documentary and that we are incredibly proud of how it's turning out.  Since we filmed for a year and a half to make sure we captured the fullest story of both Bitcoin and our lead characters' stories, there was a massive amount of footage for our director and editor to perfect into a single 90 minute film.  That is what the past several months have been focused on.
We are now in a completely new position.  We have signed with one of the top documentary film sales representatives in Los Angeles and will be targeting the release of the film to major outlets around the world.  This obviously takes quite a bit more time than if we were to release our film via YouTube or something similar.  It is our goal to make the absolute best documentary possible and release it to the widest audience possible so that it not only acts as a source of awesome insider footage for Bitcoin enthusiasts, but also as a way to educate the masses on what Bitcoin is, how it works, and what makes it attractive to so many different people in so many different places for so many different reasons.
Since we are taking the approach of making a film that could be shown on any major television network (or even possibly the big screen), we are working with composers for custom music, animators and CG teams to make the film visually unique and entertaining, having the film professionally edited, sound designed, mixed, etc...   these are all things that we are in the midst of finishing up right now so that the distribution outlet that we work with can release the documentary directly through their channels to the world soon thereafter.
I have to apologize for us not being more vocal over the past few months.  We have been working night and day on this documentary, and we know that we will be doing a lot of online promotion and marketing once the film's exact release information is locked in, so we always knew that we would be letting everyone know what is going on before the actual release, but the Bitcoin community has been unbelievably supportive of us over this past year and a half, and you deserve to know more than just our future press release information.  I will make sure we post more updates and information specifically about the film and it's status moving forward.
The best way to keep up with where we are at in post-production, any promotions we're having, as well as anything interesting that we come across is on Facebook and Twitter; and make sure to keep an eye on our website for all Bitcoin community insider information on the release.  Also, please don't hesitate to contact us directly via any of these sites as well.  We are always available and love to discuss promotional ideas.  There is no group of people more creative and innovative than Bitcoiners.  So please... we are always here to talk and get creative.
Thank you again for your incredible support and interest in our film "The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin".  I promise you that it will be worth the wait.  ;)
Ben Bledsoe
Producer | "The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin"
@_date: 2014-09-09 01:57:42
This documentary was privately funded.  (Not crowdsourced).
@_date: 2014-07-07 23:36:48
Hi BFCanada!
We are very much interested!  It was just a bit too early to discuss that option.  Let's talk again soon.  I'm sure we can work something out.
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:08:49
@_date: 2015-01-23 01:50:15
That will be the only screening during Sundance.  But there will be more screenings in general.  I hope to see you at the next one!
@_date: 2014-07-17 19:09:12
and Yes
@_date: 2015-03-17 19:03:29
Hi :) I will send this along to a charity that I want to encourage the acceptance of BTC to.  I love the faucet idea.  It's such a great way to spread the excitement.
@_date: 2015-03-17 18:59:56
Hey guys!  It's Ben from "The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin" - I can't say anything as to whether it will actually happen or not, but I do know that Vimeo is considering BTC as a payment method.  When we released the doc digitally through their platform they were really receptive to the idea of accepting payment in Bitcoin but they said that, the way they're structured, it would take 6 months to make a decision like that through their board and partners, etc. so we couldn't make it happen for the release of the film without the help of BitPay getting involved as a third party BTC processor.  Again, not trying to claim anything official, just wanted to let you know that they have definitely taken it into serious consideration.  Here's hoping it keeps moving in the right direction.
@_date: 2015-03-19 15:47:21
I am proud to announce that "The Rise and Rise of Bitcoin" is officially available for free to Amazon Prime subscribers as of this morning.  Amazon has been very supportive of the release and will be spotlighting the documentary in various areas within Amazon Prime.
Any help in spreading the word about this would be hugely appreciated.  The more people watch it, the better it's ranking will be, and the longer it will remain featured on Amazon Prime.
Since we know that not everyone has Amazon Prime, we've also brought down the rental fee on iTunes to $0.99 - 
Thank you for always being such an incredible support system for us.  We promise to continue reaching as far as possible to help make people aware of Bitcoin and understand it's potential.
Here is a short link to Amazon Prime:  