@_author: bitbody
@_date: 2015-12-07 17:59:14
tried out crypto woo and very pleased with it.  i wrote a review on a separate link.
in the past month or so, i tried out coin simple, gourl mainly.  But coin simple actually stopped working after latest woocommerce upgrade 2.4.11 i think with a token error.  And gourl was never really middleman-less.  So had to rule them out.
 - curious if u r successfully using the bitcoinway plugin with the most recent woocommerce/wordpress releases?  does it update ur order statuses properly?  I never got it to update order statuses and it slowly started 'breaking' on recent woocommerce updates to the point where i couldn't use it anymore at all.  and using the old electrum version was a pain (tho not the end of the world obviously).  unless its working perfectly for u, id definitely suggest checking out the crypto woo beta as its on the same path as the bitcoinway plugin but with a lot more helpful options and reliability (at least in my recent experience).
 - thanks for pointing me to this and good luck with this awesome project.  I believe this will be the gateway i wind up using.
@_date: 2015-05-25 13:17:55
Im not even debating that part here.. I have opinions on it and i do think regulation in certain areas is needed.  Im calling out the obvious personal gain scheme this guy cinstructed.  It could be the best proposal in the world and id still be disgusted at how he timed all this and abused his influence for personal gain.
@_date: 2015-05-25 13:24:13
The morals this guy must have.. Role model for the children!  Money makes people do some crazy things to other people.  
@_date: 2015-05-25 13:14:02
I know.. This is the end game for a good majority of govt officials.  But do they time it like this guy has timed it?  I cant think of any that were so blatantly obvious and timed in a way where he basically doesnt care that anybody sees right thru what hes pulled.
Most of the ones ive noticed serve out terms and then get themselves into the private sector.  major conflict of interest but ive never noted one so obviously designed for personal gain and timed in this sort of way.  Hes not even going to stick around to see this piece of crap thru.  But hell be profiting from deciphering to assure compliance because he was main architect dumping its execution on another official.   Terrible terrible terrible...
We all know this happens all the time.. Treating it like insider trading would be great but nobody listens to the people because ajority of politicians are doing this to some degree,  But bitcoin is something that actually has some possibility of winning part of the fight.  Petitions, elections, protests, etc dont seem to make any real difference in the grand scheme.  Boycott the people who deal with this schemer.  Hit them where they care most - their personal wallet.  Let this compliance take over and well have a paypal blockchain pretty soon with big financial houses controlling and altering the way its used.  He seems like a shmuck that could actually be stopped if people pay attention to the companys who emply his consulting services.  Or let the schemer profit from his shady actions at the exoense of some really cool innovative technology..
any bitcoin companies who would publicly admit they would consider this guys services?  Id like to ask that question in reverse but i realize publicly calling out a tribe member leads to punishment / ruin of your business so dont expect any company to publicly say this.  
@_date: 2015-05-25 13:26:23
I would.. If u think think this is a reasonabke action for opgovt officials to take, thats ur opinion..cbut if ur disgusted by it, take a stand that might make a difference.  
Im going to stop now for a while before the men in suits come for me.
@_date: 2015-05-25 13:22:19
Wouldnt matter. How great it is. Its disgusting that he can influence something like he did and then time a personal gain dealing with it.  Does anybody really think he didnt have this planned thru the last year?   Cmon...
@_date: 2017-02-03 18:24:19
beware of egifter:
@_date: 2017-02-03 18:25:09
gyft customer support rocks if u have a problem, fyi.
@_date: 2017-02-03 17:53:12
does anybody from egifter read this forum?  I would think they would.  egifter, what do u have to say for yourselves?
@_date: 2017-02-03 17:52:24
my experience with online stores with egifter or gyft has bee n fine.
but I cannot believe how crappy they handle a non-workable  product that they sold me as if its somehow not their fault.  its now day 4 and I have not heard anything back from anybody.
PS - why don't u use a proxy or use a private personal ip vpn in order to use gyft?  id bet that'd work.  most vpn's that are shared on probably on some kind of IP list so they can be easily flagged.  but if u have ur own IP address vpn within the USA, id bet that'd work.  Would cost u a few extra bucks tho for that vpn service id suspect.
@_date: 2017-02-03 18:18:31
So far, I can tell everybody that every contact number for egifter has netted the same responses:
"we cannot do anything once you click claim"
"our department is not responsible for support so you must submit a ticket via the website".
These include:
1. 2 phone numbers printed on the gift card instructions (1 for the store of the card, 1 for cash star)
2. egifter email support
3. egifter contact info 516-882-1200 from their site (spoke to supervisor Dane who told me he cannot do anything but have level 2 email me,  he cannot have anybody call me as that is not within his capability).
Just terrible... never again with this company would I spend a single dollar.  they are full of workers who have zero capability to resolve issues except for reading canned responses and writing canned emails which do not resolve a very simple problem.  I wonder why these employees even exist to be honest.  A simple phone message saying "we can do nothing" would meet the same level of service.
lets see what "level 2 email support" tells me in their email to me that I'm supposed to receive within 4 hours.
@_date: 2015-05-25 13:34:27
Im well aware of the corruption and of course it disgusts me,  but again, where do u take a stand with most of it?  But heres one that maybe we can make a difference if only for sticking it back to this one guy whos exploiting something we are all passionate about in a way that happens.  
I hope people show this guy that he picked the wring thing to scheme with as its a tough thing to control like everything else govt controls.  Hit the personal pockets of this scoundrel.
I do wish somebody could do the same for the goldman cronies and private defense cronies but sorry, i dont know what ud do there and at least they lurk in shadows and dont give amas pretending to be a friend of well packaged investments and peace not war - then leave office and help push regulation for junk mortgage cdos and waging war.
Again, thats a toughie..
@_date: 2017-02-03 18:24:38
do NOT use egifter.  heres my nightmare story:
@_date: 2015-05-25 13:20:35
Keep saying it but where else can u personally stop it?  Military general going into defense contracting?  What the hell could i do there?
Bitcoin,mthe users and software developers have alot of the power and its hard to take away.  Nothings impossible for govt but im betting this is a toughie for them.  
Stand up for something that maybe u can teach one schemer a lesson with and boycott the businesses who employ him.
@_date: 2017-02-03 18:25:51
beware, read my pathetic story about how egifter will help u out if u have any problems with the products they sell u:
@_date: 2017-02-03 19:59:30
Happy ending to my story..
I will first say that in this day and age - poor customer support rarely takes a 180.  When you start pissed off, you usually finish off even more pissed off by the time your experience is done.
While this was incredibly frustrating to go through, here is the happy ending:
- I received a call back finally from a top tier employee who acknowledged that the resolution should have taken a few minutes solely based on my history with their company.
- Made no excuses and explained logically why this sort of this can happen.
- Fixed my issue to my satisfaction.
- Promised to use as a learning experience for their team.
- Promised to look into the specific business (jiffy lube) to endure that the products regifter sells don't wind up causing headaches for their customers.
I can appreciate a business owning up to a mistake and like I said, its rare that these experiences take these 180's like this in a day and age where customer service doesn't mean much to most companies.
I am satisfied to the point where I will remain a loyal egifter customer and pass this off as an exception to a company that I have loved using up till this experience.
Just wanted to conclude with the honest outcome of my experience.  Yes, it was super frustrating.  But they made right and I got the feeling that they do care about my business by the end of it all.
@_date: 2018-10-20 17:24:25
i think ive seen several projects over the years try things of this nature.  look into a company called “21” which sounds like itd be right up your alley.  its supposed to be a simplified programming platform in a box that lets you run various blockchain-based projects that try to teach you simple programming tasks too.  I forget exactly how it worked but it either runs a node by default or is very easy to setup a node to run in its box.
Other than that, ive also seen a few hosted solutions that let you rent a monthly VPS with a node running.
If there was a big demand that made this profitable, im sure youd see solutions marketted more prevalently but its probably a niche market at best right now.  But do some searching and im quite sure you could find something either in a small physical pc or hosted vps for a few hundred bucks.  but check out 21, i thought they had a cool concept for people with your requirements.
and i dont see any downsides to running your own node except the cost to the node owner.  the more nodes the better says me!
@_date: 2016-06-30 21:38:59
cryptowoo is definitely the best choice + i think actually the only choice for an actively developed, functioning plugin if ur looking for a middleman-less way to accept btc.
all the other methods im aware of require a middleman.
the only way i wouldnt use cryptowoo is if i had a fiat requirement because cryptwoo is only a btc payment gateway and not tied to any sort of exchange.
but cryptowoo is a fantastic plugin and the developer is very talented and active and provides great tech support when needed.
theres a few other defunct plugins and probably the most popular is one written by gesman - somebody references it below - and it looks like the author made a brief re-appearance but i wouldnt count on continued support which is annoying as they were defunct for a LONG time and it stopped working altogether at one point.
@_date: 2016-06-30 21:42:11
well worth it imo.  dev is very talented and active.
its really the only choice right now unless u want a middleman touching ur $.
even if it wasnt, cryptowoo is a solid plugin and i cant see the need to use anything else.
ive had it running for 4 months or so now and no problems at all after getting it configured.
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:53:55
do u guys charge a fee?  EDIT: i found it on ur site 1% for merchants.  in fairness, thats the lowest ive seen for a 3rd party service.
i dont think ive tried ur plugin out.  would be great to clarify on ur plugin page as to how (if any) fees work.
do u guys do fiat conversion if merchant wanted it?
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:49:04
cryptowoo is the best plugin imo.
its not available on the wordpress plugin site so go to cryptowoo website.
its the only plugin to my knowledge that doesnt require a 3rd party thus u are safely in possession of ur coin at all time.
u setup an electrum wallet and grab the master pubkey from electrum options.  enter it into cryptowoo settings.
then each new order will use a fresh new address from ur electrum wallet and coin gets paid directly into ur electrum wallet.
all other plugins require using a 3rd party who either has total control or partial control of ur coins.  also many will charge a % fee.
check it out.. its well worth the $100-$150 price tag as u dont pay a penny of commission.
the only downside imo is for people who want to cash out to fiat currency immediately + automatically.  but for me, i dont do that right away and prefer to do it as a seperate process to avoid paying high fees when converting.  plus i hold some btc in coin format so it works out best for my process.
very easy to use otherwise and i can vouch for its reliability.  ive never had a single issue after 1000's of orders.  
ive tried literally every other plugin i could find and they either had too much 3rd party involvement for my taste or the plugins were very outdated and had problems.
the dev for cryptowoo is quite active + pushes new releases all the time too.
hopefully the community starts supporting these smaller projects that keep bitcoin control with the user.
@_date: 2015-09-09 06:16:48
assume u had a list of businesses that are using lawskys firm.  And u took a stand by personally deciding whether ud support these companies who will make lawskys firm a success.  I would like to think that bitcoin community still wields enough of the power that if u boycotted those businesses for supporting this unethical law sky guy - ud possibly make a dent in lawskys firm.
I personally am disgusted enough by this, live in ny so hits close to home that i believe i could boycott every business that supports law skys unethical public to private sector move.  if enough people did this, lawskys business is not quite so profitable, maybe the next guy in charge is a bit less of a criminal.
I dunno.. the worlds f'ed so maybe this is so engrained in the worlds mentality that it wouldn't matter.  Most people lose interest.
@_date: 2015-09-29 06:47:07
Thos doesnt piss u off?  Most people id say hate abuse of govt power but most things are so out of control they feel helpless.  Why nit try pushong back on one shameless, unethical twirp rater than rewarding him?  I dunno.. Maybe nobody cares.. This move of lawskys particularly enraged me personally for some reason
@_date: 2015-09-09 06:32:55


lets say it was a good proposal but while getting it put into its final implementation, this public official was planning a launch of private firm with direct ties to this proposed bit license.  
generally speaking, does the good content of the proposal forgive the obvious personal gain this guy was after?
i could get behind this argument IF the guy went thru the launch of bit license, stood behind it for 2 years in public position, helped iron out the kinks and then quietly stepped down retiring into private life.  Its the timing that really rubs me the wrong way on this public to private jump.  How can a private citizen not suspect that everything he did over past year was not done with his private gain in mind.
Maybe id feel less strongly if i subjectively thought it was 95% perfect proposal and i didn't live in NY.  But I think its got some pretty big defects and i live here so that doesn't win the guy any points in my books.
And my understanding of all the public to private sector jumps resulted in huge paydays.  Do you think 50-60% of these people who jump are not getting big private income jumps?  I dunno the answer but im going to look for some objective data as im quite curious about what this looks like.
@_date: 2015-09-09 06:11:04
so what companies have come to light as being involved with ben lawskys firm?  
and the main thing is the men with guns.  jon matonis, winkelvii, etc all have right to make money.  But they didn't masquerade as ny financial government officials while scheming to open a personal consulting service to meet compliance before the thing even got off the ground.  The timing is what feels like the biggest smack in the face.
I don't debate any content of the bit license here and people who want to earn money privately have the right to do so.  This is about the obvious timing of the bit license launch and abuse of power by an unelected govt official who had private gain in mind the entire time.  
And i know this happens all the time - but this is the most brazen that I've seen.  The SEC / Goldman stuff is on a much higher level than this and that will never be stopped - its too late.  They have so much money floating thru their coffers that ud likely have to be in cahoots with their sorts to start making dents in the sec goldman folks who fit in the same neat bucket as law sky.  But their timing and public relations seem of a higher ethical standard.  Im sure theres brazen private sector jumps that are just as bad but im not aware of any examples.  but thats criminal too in my opinion.
Id be curious to find out who's using their services to cut the compliance corners.  Anybody know?
And now that the final bit license is out and lawskys been running privately for a few months - is there anybody who feels like he should be supported so his private consulting firm is a success?  if so why?  is it just because the whole world is f'ed and we should just expect this behavior?
@_date: 2015-10-12 00:18:17
bitcoinway works for me 90% of the way..
but the real bola - do u have 100% consistent payment confirmations transferring to ur orders?  i find that the gateways are not so reliable there.  no money is ever lost but its just frustrating to not rely on the confirmations.  currently, i think it uses blockchaininfo api and block explorer.. 
do u maybe use different block explorers?  if so which ones?
but I've tried all the woocommerce plugins i could find and bitcoinway was the only one that i truly saw as middleman-less that worked.
i really wish people would crowd fund an update or something tho..
i thought mycelium would be an alternative soon enough but they really seemed to have stalled and the only woocommerce thing that works when i tried was a donation-style payment button (or whatever they call their plugins).  it wasn't like bitcoinway commerce transaction style plugin.
perhaps somebody will come out with a woocommerce plugin that leverages mycelium gear?
coinkite api seemed possibly promising too.. but i haven't spent much time testing it yet.
coinapult - anybody test this one?
