@_author: bitcoin_fascism_08
@_date: 2014-02-21 03:07:39
Story seems to be changing
Before it was because I was posting more than once per hour
Now its 'a pattern of racist insults'
Which is it?
All my posts are being censored, even ones which contain no racism and are being actually upvoted
And its not just me who is being censored either. For instance, tulipfutures had his comments in a thread censored, and he certainly wasn't being racist or anything like that - he was merely criticising Bitcoin and its community.
It doesn't matter how much of a fascist you want to be Judah_mu, your Bitcoins are quickly becoming worthless and there's nothing you can do about it but vainly attempt to ban me (and others) out of your personal vendetta and butthurt.
@_date: 2014-02-21 06:47:52


Yes, for criticising Bitcoin
You can't even get your bullshit straight - first you say you banned me for violating an arbitrarily made up rule that only applies to me ('one post per hour'), now you say its because 'das racist!'.
I'm glad Bitcoin is dying; people like you who think they have a right to determine what can and can't be read by others should get what you rightfully deserve.
Ironically by suppressing negative criticism, you have encouraged your sympathizers to dump their money into a bubbling asset, and they too have now lost a great deal of wealth.


Bullshit, I saw the comments and tulipfutures was still replying even though the previous comments were deleted. There was also no reason why those comments would be deleted.
When I pointed it out in the thread, my comment was also swiftly deleted.
How do you reconcile yourself bro? Youre the moderator of a community that believes decentralization is best because it avoids corruption, but you're a centralized authority of this subreddit and you censor based on what you think people should be able to read, or suppress people you dislike.
How can you not see the irony in that?
Its just as ironic as claiming Bitcoin is safe because its den centralized, and yet the exchanges are centralized and we both know what's happening with that don't we.
This community is a disgrace, and I can't wait for a superior altcoin to superceed it.
@_date: 2014-02-21 07:22:15
What are you talking about with that first sentence exactly?