@_author: bitcoinors
@_date: 2014-11-24 15:18:02
The Imperial College Business School (ICBS) has teamed up with Entrepreneur First (EF), a pre-seed investment programme, to launch a new competition prize fund for students. Up to £3000 could be won from the Imperial/EF Bitcoin Prize Fund for projects that utilise Blockchain technology, which allows secure transactions without the need for a central regulation authority – how Bitcoin is best described.
The competition is open to entrants from any department, be they Undergraduate or Postgraduate. Students can apply to carry out projects under the fund either individually or as a group, with grants up to £500 available for equipment funding. They can also arrange for projects to count as credit towards degree courses.
Dr Llewellyn Thomas, a researcher with the Business School, has emphasized that the aim of the competition is not the focus of Bitcoin as a currency. Rather, it seeks to promote innovations on Blockchain technology, as the distributed trust mechanism of the Blockchain is the truly innovative aspect of said technology.
This is not Imperial’s first foray into involvement with Bitcoin/Blockchain technology. The recently-launched Bitcoin Forum at Imperial, which consists of faculty members across all departments, will be working with EF to mentor and assist students entering the competition. Workshops on entrepreneurship and presentation skills, regular mixers, and talks from prestigious figures in the Bitcoin and business fields are just a number of things planned by the Forum and EF for those who register to take part. The Forum also hopes to facilitate cross-faculty partnerships throughout the course of this competition.
@_date: 2014-12-23 01:25:15
BitcoinCoffees.com that isn't porn.  Just add the (s) it a site you can use Bitcoin to buy premium coffees.
@_date: 2014-11-24 01:18:52
Big guys who have worked for LinkedIn, Sun Microsystems and Yahoo have contributed $21 million to Blockstream. The platform uses the internet to expand the use of bitcoin to the average consumer.
Reid Hoffman, founder of LinkedIn and funder of Blockstream, said, “this is extremely difficult to corrupt,” according to cryptocoins news. However, he and the other tech investors in the site admit it is a “leap of faith.”
The site was invented by Adam Back, a cryptography expert in Malta. He is considered to be one of the high-profile figures in the development of bitcoin. The currency is seen as a safe haven for those who want to avoid regulation. Let’s see how it goes.
@_date: 2014-12-11 00:13:32
One of the hot news items this year has been the St. Petersburg Bowl football game, and it’s new game title sponsor, BitPay.
The Atlanta-based bitcoin payments processor announced today that over one hundred businesses in the St. Petersburg, Florida area will begin accepting bitcoin ahead of the game, slated to take place on the 26th of December at Tropicana Field.
Examples of businesses that are taking part in the mass acceptance (of sorts) include: Green Bench Brewing, Craftsman House and Gallery, the St. Petersburg Museum of History,The Ale and the Witch, Acropolis Greek Taverna, Genaro Coffee Company, Hotel Zamora, and Ferg’s Sports Bar, according to today’s announcement.
The idea is to get people in town (and attendees of the games) familiar with the digital currency and give them an opportunity to spend their bits at places they would ordinarily spend traditional cash at.
“I’ve been accepting bitcoin for months, even before the bowl game sponsorship,” says Patricia Francati of Genaro Coffee Company. “It’s the cheapest way for me to accept payment, and it attracts customers to my shop. What more could I ask for?”
“I like that the currency is universal,” says Mark Ferguson of Fergs Sports Bar and Grill. “Our area gets a lot of international tourists, and this gives those customers a way to pay without exchanging their money.”
“We are sponsoring this bowl game to show the world a hands-on experience with bitcoin,” adds BitPay Executive Director Tony Gallippi. “St.Petersburg is going to be an example of what bitcoin can enable anywhere in the world – a cheaper, faster, and more secure way of doing business.”
@_date: 2017-07-01 22:46:14
it is down for me as well, and no payouts last night.  I can't find a statement anywhere for status update.