@_author: bitcoinno
@_date: 2018-04-22 15:31:46
Look how different replies i got over at @_date: 2018-04-21 23:02:44
And changing the Blocksize limit is not really an advancement or any developing. It just changing a setting, like Scriptkitties do with other applications.. Just change some settings and claim they have made it.. 
@_date: 2018-04-23 03:53:32
Is it possible to use the Lightning Network without Segregated Witness (SegWit)? It can work, but some useful features for privacy and security wouldn’t work.
Note: This video was recorded prior to SegWit activation in August.
@_date: 2018-04-22 00:16:38
Haha, yeah that guy who had Satoshis pgp key or somehing?(Craig Wright), he also said that Bitcoin Cash will be more and more decentralized versus "Bitcoin Core" being less and less decentralized.. 
But what they do not manage too acknowledge is that a decentralized community of developers as well as decision takers is much much important than every aspect of the network being decentralized, as you can put a gun to someones head and make them too a change, but you cant put a gun to a node and say "Hey i want this and this, here is how you gonna do it: Please fork that chain so you split up their community so i can buy in for less than i have too if i buy in now, ok? Roger that!"
This is something we need to not let happen at any cost, that is why even to i am very sceptical to the nature of lightning network, i support it. Because it still does not change anything of Bitcoin in it self, if you want to use Bitcoin as you always did, you can still do that.. Using LN is a choice.. Same goes for LSK and same goes for Cash(Yes i use Cash) it has a nice ring too it.. And if they are able to make a more viable Cash option for Bitcoin that is awsome, but dont use it against Bitcoin, it should work with.. So as of now i support Litecoin much more than "bcash" because "Coins"(My name for a fraction of a Litecoin) is supporting Bitcoin, not talking shit about it!
Roger does not understand that there is more than enough network effect for a brand new coin as well, he doesnt need to use the Bitcoin name to make his Network usefull! If it usefull the people who need it will use it! That is how the world works! But if people see, no this is some corrupt shit, they go elsewhere.. That is why i am bearish about Bitcoin Cash, and bullish towards Bitcoin and Litecoin(Gold and Silver standard of the 21th century)
But we need one coin that scales onchain, and one that does it off, just in case one of them fail.. But those coin should support each other, so i am still looking for a new proponent.. Right now i am thinking Monero or Dash for Cash! 
What do you think? Which is the best Cash alternative?
@_date: 2018-04-21 20:57:49
So as a miner you should probably have a gigabit down and 500mb upload!
@_date: 2018-04-21 21:13:05
True, how can they say a blockchain with let say gigabit blocks will be decentralized.. The blockchain will grow with 6gb each hour, that is 144gb each day, over 1Terrabyte each week, that is 52TB a year.. That is insane! Will need a datacenter to keep track off the blockchain! 
@_date: 2018-04-21 20:56:42
And just imagine if you want to sync your version of the blockchain within a few seconds.. you would need at least 100-150mb/s bandwith
@_date: 2018-04-23 15:36:06
Why am i such a fool asking for raising the blocksize just a little? Satoshi him self raised it many times when he saw the need for it.. I am very pessimistic about big blocks, but at least if we have periodic changes to the limit we will show people building on top of the blockchain that they will not have an issue with a day of backlogged orders.. And we will show that we wont raise it so fast that we are out of our minds.. I think that the syntethic fork didnt happen is the worst thing that could have happened for bitcoin... Only positive thing is that the integrity of the consensus rules is prooved very hardened.. 
@_date: 2018-04-21 23:01:32
Yes. Their "business model" is too talk shit about Bitcoin and Core devs.. A shitty tactic! 
If Roger is that good of an guy he claims to be, he should really consider how he address the problems within the community! 
Me myself also want Bitcoin to scale, but not at the cost of integrity of Bitcoin it self! Changing the consensus rules without the support of the community is more poisonous than high fees..
And i now for an fact that if they only raise the blocksizelimit to scale they will get a really slow network with time! 
And what he doesnt say is that most thing made for Bitcoin Cash can easily be modified to be used at Bitcoin it self as well! 
@_date: 2018-04-21 20:52:47
Yes i know.. I can vouch for some bigger blocks, like 2mbyte and perhaps 3mbyte.. But not 8 and definitively not 32mb. That is just insane. It need to happen over time.. 32mb in 2040 should probably be ok.. But too have 32mb blocks today is way too big.. And the fee's will be so low that people will(And probably should) spam the network! Just imagine everything you can put on the network for almost zero fee! 
@_date: 2018-04-21 21:04:16
And if the Internet providers(Isp's) get it as they want too, so they can adjust different domains and ip adresses bandwith, they could really do a lot of damage on the network just by clogging the pool's bandwith.. In USA i think they can do this now because of the Trump administration... And in China they probably can, perhaps in Russia as well.. That leaves Europe, Africa, south east Asia, India and Australia, all places with a lot of rural areas and not the best internet connections! 
So before making the blocksizelimit 100x bigger than the average blocksize they should at least take a hit on trying to compress the input too the blocks... Like Segwit(Or something better since they have so very good developers)