@_author: bitcoinexplained1
@_date: 2013-04-16 07:45:29
 its obvious you don't understand how bitcoin works. If BTC guild has the ability to discover new blocks faster than everyone else, yes, absolutely they have they ability to create their own addition to the block chain that cannot be stopped without some serious work on the side of the bitcoin foundation and others by theoretically shutting down the ability of BTC guild to mine new blocks (nearly impossible to do by the way, it means writing all new qt code that doesn't allow their know IP's to communicate, which they could simply bypass) to keep the explanation short, the blockchain as of April is now compromised in security integrity until a new idea is proposed for mining control beyond voluntarily limiting oneself.
@_date: 2013-04-16 07:35:46
 BTC Guild is only at 40% because they choose to be. That is the problem. They can be at 1%, as long as they posses the hardware to be greater than 50% there is a major flaw in the system that must be addressed before serious money will be interested.
@_date: 2013-04-16 07:33:07
I agree that it is proof that as a community, the integrity is there. The fundamental problem is that it is reliant upon someone to volunteer to maintain stability. That was not the initial point of the design. The design was to create a system that was stable independent of individuals or group's whims. Unfortunately now we have a situation that is absolutely impossible to guarantee safety. That leads to any sizable investor to not be interested any longer.
@_date: 2013-04-16 08:07:10
Because price is not driven purely by technicals, bitcoin will continue to exist but will not see large investment until this issue is fixed. The DDOS claims are really HFT and the poor design of Mt. Gox (it was only capable of a maximum of 35 or so transactions per second). Anyone who has lost money in the adventure should have done more homework before getting involved, consider it a cheap lesson. In the future there will be more boom and bust cycles. The person who understands why and how a system works, why a system has value technically has the ability to better understand how public opinion swings and thus a much greater chance to profit from that system. I could not completely predict the future, but I could watch the websocket outputs of some of the exchanges, the trading methodologies employed, and kept abreast of the news. Hopefully this helps someone understand why now is not the bottom and why in the future (long term) with a little work bitcoin can go much higher once user interfaces are improved and these (and other issues) are resolved. 
@_date: 2013-04-16 07:05:46
The reason why the price has plummeted is not DDOS or exchange instability its the fact that bitcoin is currently not technically safe, the day of the crash BTC guild announced they were voluntarily limiting their mining speed to less than 50%. They can theoretically do whatever they want to the block chain.