@_author: bitcrunch
@_date: 2013-10-28 14:10:37
This subreddit has been banned as well.  
I'm extremely disappointed by the dishonesty here.  This wasn't a situation where a subreddit was banned due to "links to personal blogs or projects" in the sidebar.  
The subreddit was banned due to the moderators making an agreement with a site to have an "official" site that they suggest in the sidebar, mod sticky, and other places for people to host their images/videos in return for a percent of all of the revenue for that site.
That's just plain not okay, and never has been.  In addition, it appears that the moderators wanted to find a way to make income off of being a moderator, driving traffic, etc.  
When the moderator wrote in, we explained why the subreddit and the mod accounts had been banned.  I was distressed to see her not being completely honest about the reasons we gave (it wasn't due to blogs or personal projects, it was due to finding a website and offering them traffic in return for pay).
We also asked the moderator not to moderate any further subreddits on reddit.  It was not a negotiable request - and it was made quite clear.   It's pretty shitty to see how dishonestly this entire thing has been treated, so the moderators of are really the reason this entire thing is shut down.  Trust has been lost, and it's really sad.
@_date: 2013-10-28 20:25:34
Please just stop for a bit.  Apologizing doesn't always mean you get your way, and we need to discuss this internally for a while.  
Please take a break.  I understand that you're invested in this, emotionally and otherwise - but you're really using high pressure communication and tactics and it doesn't help your cause much.
@_date: 2013-08-15 15:16:42
I just wanted to comment that we're looking into this now.  
I've got some doubts about the validity of the person stating they "brute forced" a password, however, we're going to look into this further today.  Unless we get in more reports or learn something new while we're looking into this, I'd say (with evidence we can see right now) it's more likely that someone was able to break into this one account because they knew them or knew something about them that could lead to the password.  But for now, that's speculation.
If there's been a second instance, we'd love to know since there isn't a lot to go on here.
But yeah, please always keep your password safe, don't reuse them on different sites or accounts, and make them longer and use capital letters, numbers, and symbols and stuff.  
@_date: 2013-10-28 15:24:25
I'm not sure - we'll have to discuss it internally and decide.   
However, now that this nastiness has taken place, trust is even further degraded (getting lower with every subsequent action).  
I understand that you'd like some answers now, but we really need to investigate the landscape and see what our internal opinions are before we give you a definitive answer.
I'm sorry for not having an answer for you right now, but please be patient and we'll think about the issue very carefully before moving forward.  
@_date: 2013-04-27 19:14:03
Yes, it is a scam.  We're taking active steps to stop this person from sending these messages at this time - I'm sorry you got that.
@_date: 2013-12-03 21:11:32
We're banning this account, since we've received word from the real that she did not post this.
