@_author: bitcoinersrbankrupt
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:53:26
Actually I first knew about and investigated Bitcoin probably before most people here did
I first heard about Bitcoin in late 2010 from a youtube user by the username of 'davincij15'
At that time, the most vocal opponents were those involved with silver, and there would be back and forth on Youtube about it.
Some called it a ponzi scheme - others merely disagreed that it had the characteristics of 'money'.
I listened to davincij15's videos, and investigated it further. I was intrigued by it and could see it wasn't a ponzi scheme, and decided to buy a small amount - $30 worth.
But I found that MTGox, the only exchange at the time, demanded copies of my sensitive information for validation purposes.
It was a lucky thing that at this point I decided against it, because soon after in 2011 MTGox was hacked. In fact, the email address I used to open an account was cracked, because back in those days I used the same password over multiple sites, and the database containing the encrypted passwords was leaked.
Over time my views on Bitcoin have gradually developed and matured into what they are today. I've realized that there are so many flaws in Bitcoin that it just cannot work (I could probably write a whole book on the matter!). Perhaps an altcoin instead will take a fresh approach in the future.
What I find most striking is the way in which the Bitcoin community has changed. It's as though the original ideals have been done away with because the will has been broken by the realization that the ideals were built on shaky ground. Anonymity, *impossibility* to regulate, next to nothing fees, decentralization, and so on - these all have or are being done away with. Before it was regarded as a genuine alternative to fiat currency that improved upon it - now it's just a get rich quick scheme which is actually *worse* than fiat to use. There's not even a *hope* anymore.
The achilles heel of Bitcoin are the centralized exchanges (and now other centralized or fee-charging entities, like payment processers such as Bitpay, or escrow services), which it cannot do without. From this fact springs many of the aforementioned issues that essentially just turn it into Fiat 2.0 - a replica of fiat, but starting from scratch - and threaten it's existence.
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:24:48


Poor comprehension skills?
I said I enjoy spending my time gloating over the misfortune of greedy, foolish Bitcoiners such as yourself. What can I say, I do what I love man. Maybe you should try that sometime - instead of investing a pyramid scheme hoping you'll find get rich and find happiness in your life.


Sorry but I don't read Zerohedge. I don't listen to Alex Jones talk about the Lizardmen conspiracy either. And frankly, I just don't care about stories designed to whip up sensation in order to garner revenue (i.e. clickbait).


Cool story brah, but I don't believe it. The only reason most people buy Bitcoin is to get rich quick. If you wanted to keep purchasing power, you would either put it in a savings account, or in precious metals, which tend to retain their purchasing power over long periods of time.
Almost any investment is going to retain your purchasing power better than 'investing' in Bitcoin, which is the equivalent of picking a trifecta in a horse race and hoping you win.
@_date: 2014-07-14 23:06:32
I'm using a new account because the mods of this subreddit submitted my original account ('Darkwings_08') to the admins of Reddit to be shadowbanned from all of Reddit.
I didn't actually break any of reddit's rules, but because they recieve dozens or hundreds of such submissions a day, they typically grant the ban without investigating it.
I think that speaks volumes about how the supposed best of this subreddit are confident in their views - that they feel a need to silence the expression of opinions contrary to their own. That not only do they feel a right to determine what you can and cannot read, but that they know what's best for you (little babby) to read.