@_author: bitcoinstoryguy
@_date: 2013-05-15 02:16:31
The 1968 42' Chris Craft Sport Fisher cut through the waters of Hayden Island like missile cuts through the atmosphere.  A Twin 454 engine made from raw materials pulled from the ground, roaring on the backs of the men and women who engineered the mechanical wonder.  Over the VHF radio random chatter could barely be heard over the monstrous sound of fuel driving metal parts and pistons at an insane pace.  Jim knew he had "made it".  He only needed the wind in his hair, his woman by his side, and the sweet call of the ocean.
@_date: 2013-05-15 01:58:13
Standing there on the ledge, the anonymous business man took in a deep breath of the rotten and foul smog filled metropolis air.  Prior to this day, he only saw the view from the other side of the glass.  The other side of the glass was where he lost his families fortune.  The other side was where feelings of failure and ineptness swept through the corporate air.  He didn't like the other side. 
With little movements he slowly inched further and further off the concrete ledge that many a city window washer had used during his daily work duties.  Thoughts started filling his brain as his adrenaline started to peak.  "Would they curse his name?  What would happen to the children?  How will they remember all of this?" his mind permeated.  Just then, a giant gale of wind bellowed through the narrow city streets.  The business man leaned back in response, as his expensive leather shoes scraped against the concrete ledge.  "I'm doing this on MY TERMS, not yours!" he rage-fully screamed.  
Below there were people all throughout the streets.  "People who mattered once..." he thought to himself.  Looking down below at all the city traffic, he tried to pick a clear spot.  With one last breath and his fists clenched he leaned forward, ready to rejoin the earth.
@_date: 2013-05-15 01:36:24
It was a crisp, cool, spring day in the spring of the 13th year in the second millennium. Jeffrey Mackelroy was just getting home from high school, where his mother greeted him in the kitchen. "How was school hun?" Mrs. Mackelroy exclaimed jubilantly. She was a simple woman. One who actually took joy in her son's daily activities. Jeff threw her the meanest look of spite and trudged up the rickety wooden staircase to his room. As soon as he opened his door, Jeff stopped midstep and focused his attention. A wave of fear passed over his body like a bucket of cold water being drenched over his head. Jeff's ears perked up to hone in on the mysterious sing song of a siren.
Jeff could hear the police sirens in the echos of his sprawling, typical, suburbanite neighborhood. The piercing cries of enforcement drowning out the gleeful cheers of babes playing in the streets. "They are on to me..." he thought silently while he rummaged around his room. Grasping for every note pad, USB drive, and DVD he quickly powered on his shredder and proceeded to destroy everything in sight. "The computer!" Jeff proclaimed loudly. He spun his computer chair around and hopped in as he had done hundreds of times prior. With the melody of furious key tapping, he quickly logged into some of his favorite websites. The sirens were starting to get louder. His only priority at this point was ensuring his and his parents financial future. Jeff did not want to go down in vain for all his hard work he had accomplished over the past two years. He may not have obtained the funds legally, but he obtained them none the less. As he clicked the "Transfer" button on the website, he heard 3 loud bangs coming from the downstairs.
"THIS IS THE DHS! We have a search warrant and you need to open the door immediately!" proclaimed a burly looking middle aged agent. Mrs. Mackelroy immediately opened the door and let out a gasp as the nearly retired agent strong armed past her. Following each other in a raiding formation, the agents ran up the wooden staircase with weapons drawn ready to strike at a moments notice. The simple plywood door separating Jeff's room from the corridor was no match for the highly trained specialists. "HANDS UP! YOU'RE UNDER ARREST!" At this point all Jeff could do was comply. While handcuffing Jeff, the agent noticed a small glimmer in the corner of his eye sight. The computer and monitor was still powered on. His eyes shifted from the luminescent glow back to the skinny teenaged criminal in front of him. "Did you...." the agent asked dryly, "Did you do what I think you did?!" All Jeff could do was lower his head in shame. He knew this was far from over.