@_author: bitcoinconfession
@_date: 2013-09-11 03:08:59
Wow, thanks.  I hadn't heard of anyone else benefiting from your bug so I thought maybe it was just me.  I hope that loss didn't hurt you too bad.  I'm curious how that happened though.  Someone put something like this in your code?
    while(sky == blue)
        cashout();
@_date: 2013-09-10 18:30:18
IIRC that JustDice thing was a planned out scam (maybe I'm mis-remembering though.)  I've never *tried* to scam anyone.  My only intentions in this case were to test out my new wallet by gambling a couple bucks.  I sent the money, clicked "roll dice" a couple times, then clicked "cashout."  They then messed up and sent me a bunch of bitcoins that I never asked for.  I see a fundamental difference between that and intentionally misleading someone to send you coins with the intent of running off with their money.  Also, $100,000 is just... god damn!  That can easily bankrupt a small company and leave them unable to pay off their other customers.  $1,500?  Not so much.  They'd probably make that back in less than a week.  I realize this is just more justifications but I don't feel I should be compared to that scammer.
EDIT:  And no, I'm not a troll (I would have come up with a much better story if I was.)  This really happened.  I'd link to the transaction but I'm afraid it will lead back to my identity.  I was also keeping an eye on PrimeDice's front page, twitter, and bitcointalk post but they never mentioned losing any money.  Probably too small an amount to cause a real commotion (especially when they can publish their legitimate big winners who get much more than I did.)
@_date: 2013-09-10 19:00:25
Lol a "Bank error" would likely mean a charge reversal and overdraft fees are in your near future.  This would be more like getting hit in the head by a wad of cash thrown from Jesse Pinkman's car.
@_date: 2013-09-10 18:38:21
Thanks.  My old one had, not just a single dead pixel, but a straight vertical line of dead pixels (or maybe they weren't dead... they were stuck yellow.)  Strange thing was, that line had shown up before in the exact same place.  Magically went away on its own in a few weeks.  Then a few more weeks went by of it working fine and the line showed up again (same exact place.)  Figured it was time for a new one.  And 144hZ makes a world of difference going from the 60hZ of most monitors for gaming.  Human eye can't see above 60FPS my ass.  Even dragging windows around on my desktop feels a **ton** smoother.  I honestly didn't think it would make as big of a difference as it did.
@_date: 2013-09-10 18:59:16
Hey if you want to contact them and link to this post, go for it.  I'm not about to do anything related to this off of Tor.  I'd be interested to hear their response though.  I kind of convinced myself that even if I did contact them, they'd tell me to keep it but maybe if they made a good case on me returning it I'd hear them out.  Though, that would mean I'd have to convert a month's pay back into Bitcoins and I don't even have that much money at the moment.