@_author: bitcoincito
@_date: 2014-01-12 06:02:53
I'm in the United States. You?
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:05:15
Good question. I think with enough patience the chances are good. To answer your question - as an eternal optimist and the participant in all transactions - I have to believe closet o 100%. As an objective viewer of the project, I might say 50% Either way, it's going to take some time... 
Each transaction tells another awesome story about someone in the bitcoin community. So right now I'm focusing on meaningful transactions. Hopefully the rest will come!
@_date: 2014-02-10 07:33:39
Ha... I had someone make an offer to me a few days ago, and then rescind the offer because the exchange rate of btc/$ dropped a few %. First time in my life I've ever had someone rescind something based on a drop in a currency's value relative to another currency. I actually felt grateful for the experience!
In response to your thought about holding on to the bitcoin: is I'm not a tarot card reader and I don't know what bitcoin is going to do from one day to the next. I just want to focus on making quality transactions with quality people whose stories I'd love to tell! 
@_date: 2014-01-13 17:55:12
This is really cool, and I appreciate your thought. An important part of the project is increasing value with each transaction, and the value of wine, generally, doesn't vary much (to my knowledge)... add to that the cost of shipping and the value might even decrease!
Any other crazy French ideas? Any experiences or expertise you can offer? Would love to make a transaction with someone in France! 
@_date: 2014-01-12 05:42:49
Hah... if I can do that for .15 btc, I'm there! Think the heating will work?
In all seriousness, this project is about the community as much as about the house. One of the "rules" (mentioned above) is that there must be transactions in at least 12 countries. Really important for us to show the power of bitcoin in supporting transactions across borders - and even in countries that aren't necessarily "bitcoin friendly". 
@_date: 2014-02-10 09:09:43
Show me a house selling for 1 bitcoin in Detroit, closing fees, etc. included... and I'll show you a house that I am truly afraid of!
@_date: 2014-02-10 09:33:03
Sms4001, good to meet you. I'm happy to do a bit of 'xplaining. I started the project with a 35 cent Peruvian Sol coin, which I altered and sold for bitcoin to a guy named Jonathan in England. You can see how it began here:  
@_date: 2014-01-12 06:18:04
I would unquestionably play darts and drink beer with you. The bet would have to be something else though... 
Which state is shaped like a dick? 
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:57:30
I don't think you understand what spam is... 
When people make heartfelt posts about meaningful projects in the bitcoin community - or any community - and do it when meaningful events happen within the context of those projects, that's called an update.
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:34:39
That's an awesome question - if I say so myself. I'd give you an upvote for it but it appears I already have, as you are me! 
Perhaps the most interesting thing I've learned about the bitcoin community to date - through seven transactions - is that my experience of trust is not exactly like what publicized in the news. Not a single one of my transactions has required escrow. They've all been trust based... from me to the person on the other end and vice versa. 
And it hasn't been blind trust either. I've gotten to know each of the people, their roles in the bitcoin community, and I've gotten to feel comfortable with them as friends... and people with whom I can transact. 
So yeah... trust. That's what I've learned. Even as shit has come raining down, there are still really good trustworthy people... and a lot of them!
@_date: 2014-01-13 07:21:12
Thanks for the tip! I'll do that in a few hours of little/nothing comes of this attempt either. Never thought it'd be so difficult to find something to buy... :) 
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:17:42
A house will cost a lot more than $800 USD. The opportunity with the project is for each transaction to increase in bitcoin value until I have the opportunity to buy the house. That means that each of the transactions must be pretty thoughtful - when I buy something I must believe that it is an experience or thing that might be worth more than I bought it for to someone else in the bitcoin community. So far - with the first transaction - that was the case. We'll see if it can continue in that direction!
The reason for 20 international transactions is this: An intention of the project is to find out whether I can transact bitcoin internationally - and even in some countries that aren't so bitcoin friendly. Another is to tell the story of the bitcoin community. Either or both of these intentions requires more than a few transactions with people in more than a few countries.
EDIT: I just saw your edit. It's an adventure and a story about the international bitcoin community. That's why people (who aren't on Reddit, apparently), seem to care :) 
@_date: 2014-01-13 17:55:39
Sounds interesting. Do you have any examples I can listen to of songs you've written and recorded in the past? Would love to listen!
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:12:22
A couple things: 
1. I run a philanthropic technology company during the day and I've spent most of my adult life working 7 day weeks on what I've believed are important world issues. So thanks for the encouragement, but I am working. 
2. Should you tell a professional soccer player to go work because he's enjoying his game? What about a documentarian... who, generally, is only engaged in community experiments? It's your right to choose what works for you in life and it's your right to disagree with the choices and vocations of others. But treating others like shit just to treat them like shit (as is evident in your comment history), that isn't your (human) right. As humans there is a moral code we must live up to, and when we sink below that code we offer up our humanity. People do it all the time, but that doesn't make it right. Seriously, don't offer up your humanity. I believe you're a good guy at heart. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 17:52:45
Thanks -Seirei- I really appreciate your support! 
I don't have plans for the 1 btc purchase. I've come close to two purchases. The first person backed out when the price of bitcoin dipped and the second would have been a same country purchase --&gt; which goes against one of the rules of the project: transactions must all be international. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 07:22:24
:) only with bitcoin and a bunch of rules designed to allow me to, hopefully, tell a positive story about bitcoin and the bitcoin community! [the rules:  
@_date: 2014-01-12 06:22:33
...and you have a Texas sized personality (I mean that in a good way!) 
I don't live in Florida. But it appears to have bigger problems than being shaped like a nobodybelievesyou-proclaimed dick.
  
@_date: 2014-02-10 17:49:05
I think this is really a key conversation - because, again, it's the same type of conversation people have about bitcoin in general. What is the inherent value of bitcoin? Some people swear there is none at all... others say it's a revolution. Both believe they are right! 
I want to say, also, that I agree with you on your last point - it won't be that fast or smooth. I'd be fooling myself if I believed that... 
As far as the rest, reread your statement and look at all the values judgements: 
For you a professional athlete deserves $30 million a year for playing a game - just playing a game - because he entertains spectators... but a documentarian or an author deserves.... significantly less... why? Because his entertainment or message isn't as valuable to you as that game? But what if it's valuable to others?
Also, to quote you: "Just by transacting..." This is an important piece: transactions are quite dynamic. When an athlete plays a game and you pay a ticket price, a transaction is occurring there. Thus the professional athlete is earning $30M just for transacting. In my case, there's - hopefully - a lot going on within the context the transaction, just as there is with the athlete. All the other stuff involved in each transaction - the adventure, the stories about the bitcoin community, the inevitable pitfalls, the desire to shine a positive light on the bitcoin community, the transformation of the meaning of objects (e.g. transactions 1 through 4) - that's where I'm guessing the people who engage in the transactions have found value. And for everyone else... being a spectator is obviously free... meaning hopefully there's a lot of value offered there as well. 
Again, I want to thank you for this conversation. I've noticed the question of value comes up a lot, and I love it because it allows us to reflect on what makes bitcoin or anything valuable: at the end of the day it's because a group of people decide that it is. Nothing more. Now whether a group of people will find this project valuable enough for me to get to the house... I guess we'll find out :) 
@_date: 2014-02-10 08:27:01
Hey historian1111, good to meet you :) Good insight, but actually, no... not at all. 
First, nobody is permitted by the rules of the project to give me free shit (I think I pasted those rules in response to another comment). All transactions must be mutually beneficial (as is the case with any transaction in a well-functioning economy). What that means in this case is that either I offer people value for each transaction or it can't get done. 
Value can be offered in a number of ways. Marketing or exposure is one of them. But there are also other ways as well. An example would be with transaction  and 2: I had a simple coin, but then found a metal worker who shaved down a side of it and carved the bitcoin logo into it. That simple action transformed the value of that coin... 
I am open to transforming or augmenting value in many, many ways. Marketing or exposure is one possibility and it would be nice. But I certainly don't want to rely upon it because a. it wouldn't test the boundaries of this project, and b. it's not reliable, as you aptly noted. 
Again, thanks for your comment, and good insight. I hope I did an adequate job addressing it!
@_date: 2014-03-30 17:46:55
Thanks for your comment 1s44c. I've noticed similar comments and I've been waiting to respond, but this seems as good a time as any: 
1.  I want to share this journey with the bitcoin community, and I want to tell the stories of the people I transact with. I don't need, want, or ask ANYTHING in return for that.... and I certainly don't want the Bitcoin community to buy me a house! :)
2. My aim is to make mutually beneficial transactions with people to increase value in the transactions. That is to say that nobody has lost money in any of my transactions thus far - they've all been net positive for everyone involved. [and they would all confirm that!]
3. I'm getting more involved in the transactions so that my involvement, in and of itself, can help to increase the value (hopefully). That was the case with the coin (first transaction) and the painting (last transaction), and will almost surely be the case with all other transactions. 
4. The house only exists if somehow I can get from here to there with this project - that is to say, that I can continue to make mutually beneficial international bitcoin transactions all along the way. If that happens, only value has been created: value in each of the transactions, value in the story, value in our understanding about what is possible with bitcoin. Nobody has given me anything.
5. When value is created, not everything always has to be donated to charity. This is a huge lesson I've learned myself. I've dedicated almost my whole adult life to philanthropically oriented work. It's been the biggest joy and there's nothing I regret, but it makes living day to day harder. Like another user said, Coinbase, Blockchain, etc. create value for bitcoin but we don't have the expectation that they will donate their earnings to charity. Should we? 
6. With all that said, giving back is a huge part of my life, and it will be intertwined with this project all the way through. Not as a requirement, but rather in ways that feel honest, authentic, creative, and not forced. 
Thanks for the comment. I hope this helps shed some light on my approach and my thinking. Would love to hear other thoughts as well. Much easier to respond to thoughtful comments :)
@_date: 2014-01-13 17:57:15
Cool. Snowboarding lessons for a day sounds like a lot of fun. Where in Alaska do you live? How are you at snowboarding?
@_date: 2014-01-13 07:03:39
I have no idea what you're talking about? I think you're making a joke...
EDIT: Thanks for the explanation SecretEmperor
@_date: 2014-02-10 07:44:24
Thanks coinmaxxed. I learned early on that this is a community game. If this project can help to expose some amazing stories of people in the bitcoin community while also showing off the potential of bitcoin to transact across borders without fiat, then it has a chance at success - but ONLY of it honors the community in that way!
@_date: 2014-03-30 23:00:58
Well, originally this "stunt" was done hundreds or even thousands of years ago. It was called Straw Millionaire. One Red Paper Clip was a play on that. Project Bitcoin is, hopefully, a big next evolution: this isn't just about trading things - it's the story of dozens of international buy/sell transactions using only an interesting currency called bitcoin. 
All great ideas, good ideas, and marginal ideas (you can choose which category Project Bitcoin fits into for you) are inspired by others things humans see and engage in this world. That's the way it goes if you want to live on earth.
Using your logic, bitcoin was also done years ago ($ or trading salt for gold or whatever), so it shouldn't have been done. Clothes were also created years ago, so why should people bother creating clothes. Nor should there be ebooks, or anything at all that is any kind of an advance. Everyone should try again :) 
Good to meet you OBAMA_IN_MY_ANUS!  
@_date: 2014-01-13 07:32:47
Yeah, we'll see what happens! Unfortunately, it doesn't look like the post will get the visibility it likely needs... but I'm confident the right person will come along soon, whether on Reddit or elsewhere. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:42:55
This is one of those goals without a contingency plan. There's no other option. Whether it takes 20 transactions or 2,000 we've got to get to the house. And if we do a good job telling the story of the people who make up the bitcoin community all over the world, I think we've got a good chance of getting there.... provided Mr. Gox doesn't try to come back to life three or four times!
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:49:46
So here's what I know: each character has a purpose and doesn't just map to bitcoin, but also relates to each of the disciples and their roles as well. They are also in the positions of Da Vinci's Van Gogh painting. 
Jesus is the blockchain, and some of the "disciples" of are specific people, and others are archetypes in the bitcoin community. The detail is hard to capture with a camera, because the painting is so big (150x75). 
The artist wanted to keep the questions open about exactly who's who, but with some analysis, the people begin to become obvious. The people who you'd imagine are sitting at the table, probably are! 
@_date: 2014-01-12 06:01:07
That sounds awesome. Check with your Mom and PM me when she gets back to you. Would have to figure it out quick. Only have 24 hours!
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:07:41
To the preemptive downvote throwers: Why do we downvote people who take initiative and try to make meaningful contributions to our mutual effort? My hope is that as we mature as a community, we can encourage people who want to explore, know, and contribute to our community... even if when we have knee jerk reactions to the things they do :)
As someone who has deeply considered the work and the project he's doing - and who hopes deeply for it to be a contribution to the Bitcoin community (and sees its first steps in that direction) - it would be nice if I had the opportunity to share it with Reddit before the first few people who see it throw bombs. 
Also... you could try asking me something too. I enjoy giving thoughtful responses! 
@_date: 2014-02-10 09:08:06
Thanks twelph. That means a lot to me! You're right... at the very least I'm a huge fan of bitcoin :)  
At best, I guess, I get to take an adventure and tell some wonderful stories about amazing bitcoin community members and examine the possibilities of bitcoin. In general, I feel like we, as a community, need to do more to self-generate positive publicity and stories. It's easy for media to pickup on the negative. It's our responsibility, I think, to show off the positive.
@_date: 2014-01-23 02:17:00
I have a hard time believing you took the the time to understand the project or even read the title. 
The project is about making mutually beneficial international transactions of increasing value with bitcoin, and taking an adventure through the international bitcoin community in the process. 
I sold a coin and sold wallets with the bitcoins. I have .2726 bitcoins with which to **purchase something**. That was the significance of this sentence in the title: "I now must make a purchase using bitcoin". 
@_date: 2014-02-10 15:46:23
btcg, nice to meet you and I appreciate your feedback. 
The awesome thing about life is that you can see whatever you like. And as with all projects, there are ALWAYS haters... or if not haters, then at least people who choose to see/twist only one dimension of it. When you see a professional athlete do you see someone who loves the game? Or someone who wants a house just for playing the game he loves? What about a writer or a musician or a politician? Do you recognize the value they give... or were they all just trying to get stuff for free?  Depending on the person... you probably feel differently each time. x person offered real value... y person did not. 
Value is a fickle thing - as bitcoin has shown. Different people judge value differently. You may see that I am adding no value to your life or to the life of bitcoin. That's fine. Others may see - hopefully - that there is tangible value in this project - for bitcoin, for the people who transact, and even for me.... 
The amazing thing about bitcoin (and this is something I'm hoping this project can evidence) is that it invites all types.... and all types of criticism. What I think is beautiful when this question of value arises is it's the same general attack made on bitcoin. "What value is being created?" My guess is you'd have a good answer for that... although many people would disagree.
People have the opportunity to relearn over and over again, that value is in the mind of the holder. If a world wants bitcoin, it will have it. If a community wants a Project Bitcoin, it'll have that. We might not understand how either is so valuable, but others do... and that's what counts. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 05:55:46
Lol... makes me think of all the crazy stuff I did for a lot less than $100 as a kid. $2 had me melt and drink two cubes of butter... bad idea. 
Here's why I can't do it - even though it's a cool idea - another one of the rules of the project is that transactions must stay in bitcoin. Nothing in fiat - no bank fees, credit card fees, or even $s. 
EDIT: (just saw your second offer come up) - Reddit has offered too much awesome diversion over the years. Couldn't bring up the desire to try to convince the admins to do such a thing!
@_date: 2014-02-10 17:04:50
Ha... nice to meet you -Seirei-. The explanation is all over the website linked. You can see all of the transaction details, specifically, on the transaction details page here:  
Hope this helps!
