@_author: bitcoin_lolll
@_date: 2018-03-09 22:57:52
Absolutely it hasn't been currency in a long time and it won't be ever again. Now bear with me here...because you are fundamentally missing a few things.
Gold is money and can be currency too. But it is more importantly real money. I mean think about it... half the reason people are fleeing to crypto is because the dollar is dying... BECAUSE it isn't backed by gold...whether they realize it or not. 
I mean you realize it was gold that gave the dollar its value right? And we have had massive inflation in the last 50 years because we went off a gold standard.
Gold value comes from the fact that it is inherently money. 
Don't disregard what I am saying... there is nothing more important than to get even just 10k worth of gold and silver... because when the currency crisis hits, and we have a deflationary collapse of all asset prices that 10k in fiat converted to gold will probably buy 5 homes outright after the currency reset/gold revaluation.
"Without a gold standard or owning gold there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation - there is no safe store of value." - Alan Greenspan. 
I mean the reason your post interested me is you are anti crypto AND anti gold. It's usually one or the other, or being for both. But you are against both.
So how do you plan on protecting your wealth???? To say gold is speculative means (and no disrespect) you have really been brainwashed. Gold has never been a speculative asset and if the dollar buys you nothing next year because it is worthless my gold is completely unaffected. Nobody buys gold to get back more worthless dollars, people buy gold so they have money and wealth for when giant collapses because fiat is a scam.
@_date: 2018-03-10 02:04:01
Yeah... brag... hence the same people who say I have a high IQ or self identify and say they are an "intellectual." Which is the type of people I was referring to when I said people who claim they are smart are really idiots. 
Hawking doesn't go around saying he's smart. People say he's smart. But even high IQ people have been brainwashed into the status quo way of thinking.
Here's the problem... people say they are "educated" but educated in what? Someone who writes code is educated in writing code. High IQ or not he's not going to be able to change jobs on the fly and become a welder, because he isn't educated in it. I really think IQ demonstrates how quickly you can pick something up. People's brains work differently. 
Even hawking himself is an idiot when it comes to economics. Go read some more of his quotes... he's for universal healthcare and socialism. So he's a brilliant physicist... doesn't mean he knows shit about economics no matter how high his IQ is.
The real intellectuals were our founders. And the real education is our constitution. People are educated in all sorts of different things. But the constitution is the real education when it comes to voting and the economy and what not.
most everyone else has been brainwashed by the Keynesian big govt status quo and it's sort of a self fulfilling prophecy to think you are so smart cuz you get reminded on it by the media and govt... even tho they are being used by the media and govt.
Go check out stalins or lenins quote...forgot which one.... he said the "educated" people are the ones with shit for brains. Paraphrased quote forgot it exactly. The ones who claim to be "educated" are in fact the useful idiots.
When you look at the campaign with trump and Hilary. Trump people were labeled uneducated, stupid, etc. but those were the types of people who actually built this country into what it is today. Building things, manufacturing things. Those are the types of people who actually created profess for this country. Thats not to say that people on the left are dumb because many are smart and do have high IQ's....but that doesn't mean they aren't stupid.
@_date: 2018-03-10 01:15:44
History isn't on my side? Then how come all fiat currencies/paper money have all failed? History is on my side.
Also, why is china, India, and Russia been accumulating gold in record tonnage for about 10 years now? Do you think they are accumulating all that gold for fun?
Gold isn't speculative. A gold ounce 900 years ago is still a gold ounce today. How can you not get this simple fact through your headt? Did gold all of a sudden become valuable when America was born and the dollar was created??? Of course not. So why are you valuing gold in terms of worthless fiat? You value gold using ratios compared to other real assets... of which it is super undervalued right now.
Also... who cares if the stock market has been up the last 10 years when the cost of living has skyrocketed as well? The only reason the stock market has gone up is because of criminally suppressed interest rates at 0% for almost a decade and all the cheap fake money injected into the system. 
Does 100k go as far today as it did in 1980??? Of course not. So you are denying reality and real economics which is based on sound money. Not printing fake money out of thin air.
You do not understand real economics... all the things you mentioned are in a huge bubble, it was standard advice even just 25 years ago to put 10% of your net worth in gold. You don't even hear that anymore.  And it sound like you have a decent amount of money, so buying just 20 ounces of gold will probably be nothing to you. You are diversified in everything except the most important thing to have to protect your wealth. Gold. Don't be hard headed... you are absolutely playing with fire not to have any real money.
You've been brainwashed into throwing all your wealth into govt sponsored scams like 401k's. When the real solution is just as easy as owning gold. Your 401k and stocks only went up because of cheap money. They are inflated. The bond market is going to collapse. The fed is just printing money to keep it propped up. 
You actually have no idea what you are even doing. Trust me. Go buy just 20 ounces of gold and then come back here and thank me after the currency crisis.
@_date: 2018-03-09 19:52:11
People who think they are intelligent are really stupid. Go check steph hawkings quote on IQ
@_date: 2018-03-09 19:41:31
Wait wait.... you think gold is a speculative asset? Looool you have got to be kidding me?
Gold is REAL money, and has been money for millennia. 2,500 years ago an ounce of gold bought you 350 loaves of bread (Bible) and today... if you take your gold coin to a coin shop you will get $1,350... and that $1,350 will still buy you roughly 350 loaves of bread.
A gold ounce 900 years ago is still a gold ounce today. The dollar value of gold is irrelevant. Gold didn't all of a sudden become valuable when the dollar was created. And if the dollar became 100% worthless tomorrow my gold is completely unaffected. 
You realize the entire point of buying gold is so you have money and wealth for when fiat dies, right? Nobody buys gold to get back increasingly worthless fiat. 
All the doar value of gold represents is how volatile, unstable, and lack of store of value the dollar is.