@_author: bitcoinquint
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:44:06
You might want to tuck in your bias.
1) A major problem with Bitcoin has entered the mass conscious, and the only thing that will affect the price positively would be more speculation or an actual reason why Bitcoin could still be the universal currency of the future. I know the answer is probably Lightning, but people need to see it working, or have gigantic balls. Lets all be a bunch of Fonzies, and what was Fonzie like?
2) Nobody knows what the actual base block size should be right now. I get that the regular Bitcoin developers see that as the last variable to touch and the Bitcoin cash people wanted to move it ASAP to relieve pressure now and keep the continuity of usefulness (how dare they?), but in the end the only thing that matters is who was right all along. Appeal to emotion is just going to confuse noobs. Hell, it almost worked on me over the past couple months. Let's all be a bunch of Fonzies, and address every concern. This is open source software, and anything is possible. One thing that haunts me is that it is evident that the nature of Bitcoin is actually *inflationary* if the transaction fee competition rises faster than the price.
3) The people you've been counting on to maintain the Bitcoin code base have failed. This problem was anticipated long ago. Were there not enough devs working on it? Were they not working out of Git or properly trained on how to collaborate on coding projects? Are they poor like Andreas was, and not incentivised to work on the project? Who knows. All I know is that they're not accountable to us, and that means Roger Ver is not a bad guy, despite the narrative in this sub.
I have worked in several tech startups myself, which is why I'm confident a technical solution will present itself. I've seen enough software problems to be confident that Bitcoin will be doing Visa volume effortlessly in a few years, so I've never panic sold.
I'm a highly skilled and experienced C++ programmer and diplomatic project manager who wouldn't mind taking a crack at speeding things along, but I'd want a big, fat Bitcoin teat to suckle (Winklevosses? Tim Draper? Patrick Byrne?) while I work on it. Motivation is a problem these guys could easily solve.
... Or we could keep logging in to Reddit and bashing each other and continue to the the almighty dollar's bitch.
I'm taking a lesson from Satoshi and keeping anonymous, and plan to also drop off the face of the earth after I contribute... If you notice, there aren't any Ad Hominem attacks against Bitcoin.