@_author: bitcoinresearch
@_date: 2013-12-21 04:44:29
Fixed the spelling. Thanks :)
Do you have any input beyond what you've already provided? Would you say crypto economies open us up to more risk in those terms I stated?
@_date: 2013-12-27 23:56:25
I suppose then that the mistake is mine in assuming I was barking up the right tree, and from your reply it seems that perhaps I wasn't after all, which makes me feel a little stupid! Thanks for the reply.
I would LOVE some help getting in touch with people who could give me some in-depth answers and speak from a position of expertise, be it philosophers, political scientists, cryptographers, or what have you. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 17:24:22
I guess I misunderstood your remark, but then I'm not familiar with distribute justice. I'll dig into it further when I've got the current article out of the way. Hopefully I can come pester you when I do :)
@_date: 2013-12-21 07:21:22
I'm an optimist at heart, so I like to think that many people do have this attitude, but they may not be aware of it or explicitly state it like the OP (nicely done, by the way, have an upvote!). 
The "grand experiment" nature of Bitcoin has a tendency to suck one in from any number of angles; people with an interest in economics, cryptography, finance, politics, futurist technologies, and so on. There's so many entry points for interested parties, and once you've arrived through one of those doors you notice that there are dozens of others, so you unconsciously start exploring other avenues to gain a greater understanding of the whole. 
It is fascinating how broad the idea of Bitcoin is, and how it draws from so many different fields. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 17:22:40
Good point re: the whitepaper. I never really considered it like that. Thanks for all the help, I really appreciate it!
@_date: 2013-12-21 07:00:27
How do you get from nation states losing power to a singular, global government gaining power?
@_date: 2013-12-28 00:00:18
Here's the thing though, I'm not really familiar with either! I come from a philosophy background and have only the most basic layman's understanding of both economics and crypto currency. 
The reason I think Bitcoin is more complex - and please correct me if this assumption is mistaken - is because it incorporates all of those traditional complexities that accompany fiat economies, and then in addition, layers on new complexities like like cryptography, networking, computer science, and so on. Is it not therefore more complex? 
@_date: 2013-12-21 05:57:50


From: [Vice article](
The article also explores in at least a little depth, the idea that Bitcoin could have been developed by the U.S government, and why. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 00:17:44
Alright then! I really appreciate the idea there and it does sound like a rich area for further exploration. I've been made vaguely aware of the basic idea that hoarding can risk harming the economy if it happens on a large enough scale and can see the ethical argument (that self-interest via pursuit of financial gain could potentially conflict with the collective good granted by a healthy Bitcoin economy). 
Yup, lots to explore there indeed, even at first glance it seems very promising. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-12-27 23:24:44
If I'm honest I was a little peeved at his reply to my question. I'm trying to research a fairly subtle POTENTIAL problem with crypto-based economies (for the benefit of laymen like myself) that I hope to put into an in-depth research article for Bitcoin magazine. My hope is to help safeguard all of us against potential issues by hashing them out in some detail before they may arise. I'm invested in Bitcoin philosophically and as such feel a duty to consider the future risks to it, purely so that we can protect against them. It seems that too often, this can be confused with people being narrow-minded detractors who don't really "get" Bitcoin. 
He dismissed my concerns pretty much out of hand, without explaining why the idea may be wrong, along with insinuations that I must be "obsessive" to be asking such things. I had hoped for more, particularly given his admirable work in trying to widen the understanding of Bitcoin (via such endeavors as the ATL conference). 
I did really like many of his other answers, however. In particular, his line that governments will continue to govern the 21st century while we continue to adapt, which was a brilliantly succinct reply to someone else's question. I'd recommend giving the thread a good read over if you're at all interested in Bitcoin and the border issues of governments, politics and philosophy.
@_date: 2013-12-28 00:11:24
Well damn! That is by far the most interesting reply to my line of questioning that I've seen yet! It's also encouraging news for those of us who want to see Bitcoin succeed, because it essentially states that Bitcoin *reduces* overall complexity - which is to me, at least, a counter-intuitive conclusion. I would be endlessly appreciative if you could elaborate a little further on your reply, perhaps by outlining the hodge-podge nature of modern fiat economies and the crypto they use, or perhaps give me some pointers into how I could research that specific topic further?
Thanks for the reply, in any case; you just flipped my whole thesis on its head!
@_date: 2013-12-21 05:32:46
The complexity of a bitcoin economy (relative to a traditional fiat-based one) could also potentially create a tighter stranglehold on the reigns of economic power. You might add that to the "motive" column, perhaps? I would love some thoughts on that [here](