@_author: bitcoin2048
@_date: 2015-03-01 15:03:45
Did you reach 16384 playing without breaking the rules?
So you cant say scam because you were cheating.
Of course we will not disclose here the security measures we use to protect the game system.
About the prizes we can change them whenever we see that neccessary according our convenience .
We will add the 1 Btc prize every week for one day.
We recently doubled the other prizes as we make the website more secure.
It is a skill based game to win prizes, and it is very difficlut to stop cheaters abusing the system, but we are trying our best.
However users are getting prizes for free and not paying anything to play the game.
@_date: 2015-02-28 16:16:14
It is difficult to identify cheating players from good ones 
However we are trying to identify cheating players from good ones.
So if you were playing using a bot you were trying to cheat the game.
The limit in question has been placed using several factors which include, but not only: Number of games played , time played, moving speed, ect. The limit will last when we send payouts. But you can still earn from your referals if you have any.
I wish if we could find a way to totally stop bots so we can increase the prizes for the good players
@_date: 2015-03-01 00:36:13
I have paid 1.4 bitcoins today and still processing some payments if this is what you consider micro payments .
I change prizes whenever i see that neccesary .
About your thread i thank you beecause you increased the traffic to my website.
And the last thing, you analyzed technically my website settings , but you forgot that you where playing in a way that is considered cheating the game so you got caught by our system and were limited. 
Try to play manually then post here the results.
@_date: 2015-02-27 17:15:38
Did you play manually or using bots on the game on that screenshot?
There are very small tiles on the other fields and just the big tile
It is very  clear on the FAQ
People trying to cheat the game will not get any BTC
We are trying our best to come up with a way on how to identify cheating players from good ones.
Here are some proof of payments  We already paid 7.7 Bitcoins to the players and maybe double of that amount paid to developers to build a system to stop cheaters  and still paying.
