@_author: bitcoin_destroyer
@_date: 2014-04-11 07:29:02
You dont take account of the fact that difficulty retargeting only happens once every 2016 blocks.
Normally, this would be a period of exactly one fortnight (each block taking 10 minutes to mine), but if the network hash rate decreases, then that time can significantly lengthen.
For instance, let's say that mining is so unprofitable that the network hash decreases to the point where it takes 1 day to mine a block (just an example). That would mean it would take 5 and a half years to reach the difficulty retarget.
This is an extremely serious matter, and I am surprised you bitcoiners refuse to realize its existential threat to Bitcoin.
To the OP, I did the math on this a few days ago and I believe the absolute minimum to break even is $340. That's with only the best machine that only got released two days ago and assumes that electricity is free.
Realistically, for most of just the newest miners to make a profit (I.e. unreleased, or released in the past few weeks), there would need to be a price of ~$500-$600.
A very important note: If some miner start quitting, then it makes it even more unprofitable for other miners, because as I have explained above, the difficulty does not change immediately. It takes at least 2 weeks for difficulty to readjust to give miners appropriate incentive to mine, and if the network hash rate decreases, that time to readjustment increases.
@_date: 2014-04-11 07:36:41
Exactly, the price could be $10.
There's no need for the price of Bitcoin to be high.
The only reason for a high price is if Bitcoin operates as a pyramid scheme. Once the pyramid scheme ends/is realized and is shied away from, there's no reason for the price of Bitcoin to be high.
Interestingly though, and unfortunately for Bitcoin, the pyramid scheme needs to keep going to sustain the network. So what will happen? Will people keep buying into this pyramid scheme only to keep losing to a mere few? Is there an infinite number of buyers in the world? Or will the miners lose their incentive to mine, and the network comes to a standstill (effectively dies)?
My bet however is that before the latter happens, confidence will be lost in Bitcoin and an altcoin will take predominance.