@_author: bitcoinpatriot
@_date: 2016-08-03 14:58:45
Sorry but have to disagree with you slightly. That bitcoin is still part of the supply. All that has changed is the "wallet" it is in but that bitcoin stolen is probably being spent today like it would have been.
This hack for all practical purposes did not affect supply. It DID affect demand and that is what we are watching to see if the decrease in demand is temporary:)
@_date: 2016-08-03 14:39:40
Okay, maybe he was a little too sarcastic:)
But his point is a valid one. In Supply and Demand there are things that affect the supply side and things that affect the demand side. What you were talking about was a concern on the supply side. In fact there was not effect on the supply side since those coins are still in circulation albeit in the hands of someone else. Say someone stole $100 from me. That $100 is still in circulation albeit someone else, and not me, is the holder of it. So this hack doesn't affect the supply.
However, there are things that affect demand which affect supply. When the demand for an asset rises the price rises. Say a new study finds eating pizza three times a day increases the average life span by 5 years then the demand for pizza would rise and the price of pizza would also rise. Notice the SUPPLY of pizza did not change but since the demand side did prices rise. And what if demand declines? Say they find that shrimp in the Gulf is tainted due to the oil spill of about 6 years ago. Then of course the demand for the shrimp would fall and the price of shrimp would fall.
So what he is saying is even though the supply of bitcoin hasn't changed the event of the hack has decreased the demand for bitcoin. Maybe because people are concerned and do not trust bitcoin as much. Maybe because speculators decided to "take their profits" not knowing where the price was falling. But both supply and demand can affect the price and in this case clearly the events caused those who might have considered buying (demand) to decline.
Now I think it is extremely temporary and what made me frustrated is when it dropped below $500 I was trying to BUY and couldn't. I didn't have the ability to buy until it had already jumped back up above $530. I think it will be back in the mid $600's within a couple weeks if not sooner.
@_date: 2015-06-29 17:46:05
Failure?? Really? Those who were proponents of bitcoin over time have benefited. The only ones harmed are those who tried to use bitcoin as a buy and sell investment got caught up in the bubble. But those who bought for $100 in the Summer of 2013 (before the run up and bubble) are STILL much better off and bitcoin has exponentially improved since then as well.
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:41:27
I agree that the vast majority still don't know about bitcoin but that the word is slowly getting out that bitcoin IS an option, and people taking advantage of that, is a great sign. Now as more and more find out about the advantages that will simply give bitcoin more and more opportunity to be accepted and desired.
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:06:02
Well diversify. A little gold, a little bitcoin, a few collectible guns/art/cars/houses/land/etc. that will increase in value when a currency is devalued, and so on.
@_date: 2015-06-15 18:55:05
In finance we never try to speculate WHY something is happening and only that it IS happening and what to do about it.
However, there is a great deal of discussion what might be leading to positive trends and that is not only the Fed Rate Hike but the Greece financial issues as well as Russia legalizing bitcoin, Switzerland giving a VAT exemption to bitcoin, and/or many of the struggling countries having more individuals moving away from their currency and starting to buy bitcoin (Greece, Venezuela, etc.).
Regardless of the reason we just continue to watch and hope it continues its positive trend.
@_date: 2015-06-23 18:37:10
I remember when email was just starting to be talked about in the late 80's and you ask someone "do you have an email?" they would respond with "why do I need an email? I don't know anybody with an email address and, besides, with my dial-up it would take me about 5 minutes before I get online to even check to see if I have an email. What good is an email?".
Now most of us have multiple email addresses on our phones.
So you sound like someone in 1988 who "bought into" the concept of email then complained in 1989 wanting to know why email has not taken off yet.
Sorry, revolutionary ideas and technology doesn't get accepted by the masses in just 12 months. It could take 12 years. If you are deciding in only a year that bitcoin is failing then you do not understand the technology and future.
@_date: 2015-06-10 19:12:12
Yes. RUN away from these scammers!!
@_date: 2015-06-10 19:22:20
The advantages of bitcoin haven't even started yet.
Think of it this way, back in the late 80's and early 90's we started hearing about something called "email". A person might be asked if they have email and the person would say "e- what??" and "why do I want email? I have to login using dialup to open my email but yet nobody I know HAS email!!"
But now most people have multiple email. Email is now used to not only send pictures and images but also used to improve business with attachments like pictures, pdf's, etc.
We now can't live without email. In fact the internet has improved so much email is now "snail mail"!! If you want to send info fast we now text.
Bitcoin is today where email was in the late 80's and have only scratched the surface. Just like we didn't visualize email being used for critical business needs and critical for our personal communications many do not see the massive benefits of bitcoin. Now the "spike" was unsustainable and in no way worth about $1200. That was crazy. I sold all of mine as it started to approach $1000 and when it got back below $300 started buying it back. And the people who say it is going to be worth $10,000, $50,000, or $100,000 in X years are also nuts.
However, bitcoin in a decade or so will become very important and critical to personal and business use in ways we cannot visualize now. But will take time to get there. If in a hurry don't buy any bitcoin. This is not a buy and flip opportunity. This is more like meeting a couple guys who have a new company in their garage called "Apple Computers" in late 1976 and offering to sell you a few shares for a few dollars. You think "what the heck" and buy a few and throw in a drawer then wake up 30 years later and remember you have a few shares and is now worth something.
@_date: 2015-06-12 15:41:18
What people need to realize is bitcoin is like "cash" in that once handed to someone else it is gone.
We are always very careful with our cash and if someone in a Walmart parking lot says "give me $20 and I'll give you $40 back in 5 minutes" our "scam" alert pops up and we refuse.
But yet some people with bitcoin lose that ability to recognize once bitcoin is transferred it is gone. So you must trust the person/entity you are giving it to just like when you take cash out of your wallet and give it to a person/entity.
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:09:45
Say goodbye to the difference between what you paid in and what has been paid out as of June 7th.
@_date: 2015-06-15 21:19:17
Same question could be asked about computers, the electric light bulb, and the automobile. It just takes the right person to realize that by putting together the right parts and procedures they believed it could be invented.
@_date: 2015-06-29 19:50:43
As more and more countries continue to borrow money they can't afford to pay back we will find more and more people starting to hold more of their assets in bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-10 15:09:30
We all knew when bitcoin spiked up it was a bubble and unsustainable. And a bubble always reverts back to it's actual value. We saw the same thing with the dotcom bubble. Just because NASDAQ dropped something like 80% only meant the spike up was unsustainable but didn't mean it didn't have value. And look at NASDAQ now 10 years later.
If you look at the charts bitcoin was stable from July-Sept 2013 hanging around in the upper $100's. Then the spike to about $1200 within a month. Unsustainable and was fairly well known would drop back down to about $200. I sold in December 2013 and waited until under $300 to start buying again. And we now see a much more stable bitcoin hanging in the low $200's for going on six months. 
That is good news and for it to maintain its value even as more bitcoins are being created daily is a very very good sign:)
@_date: 2015-06-29 17:43:54
No, fiat will never go completely away. Bitcoin will be an ease of use for transactions primarily amongst international transactions and a small "niche" of those who do not like to use banking (or do not carry sufficient balances to be approved for banking).
Much like Mastercard and Visa revolutionized an electronic method of lending for ease of transactions so will bitcoin take a portion of the global transactions.
But will not replace fiat completely.
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:44:01
I wouldn't worry about the security and reliability at Coinbase and is top notch. But because of their great security sometimes setting up the account, getting approved to buy, and then the time needed before what you bought can be used is always an issue. But once you get it set up and have a few coins in your account always ready for use then buying, selling, or transferring is very easy. Perfect for those of us who want to be involved in bitcoin but don't completely understand how to use it outside of a third party.
@_date: 2015-06-18 17:45:21
Anything is possible. The problem is Greece has no idea what the concept of being "fiscally responsible" means and bitcoin would never help them. They need to develop their own currency so they can just print more when they need it.
Would bitcoin be a GREAT idea for a new currency for a country? ABSOLUTELY!!
WILL any country accept bitcoin as their currency? Absolutely not. Takes away ALL the ability to use currency to manipulate and corrupt their country and economy.
@_date: 2015-06-19 17:53:23
Listen, bitcoin is a VERY speculative investment. It could be worth $1000 each in a few years or worth $0 in a few years.
I see long-term potential so buying a little here and a little there. Some I had bought at $210 per bitcoin and some I had bought at $290 per bitcoin. I find it intriguing and fascinating. If I guess right then great. If I guess wrong I enjoyed the ride.
Don't invest any money you can't afford to lose and don't invest money you can afford to "leave alone" in bitcoin for quite some time. 
But I like to gamble a little in casinos. Not a lot of money (maybe $100 when I go which is rare?). Sometimes I leave there with nothing and sometimes I leave there with $250. But that is money I use to enjoy whether I win or lose. Same with bitcoin. 
So if you want to play have fun but play with what you can afford to lose. If it works out well a couple years down the road then fantastic. If it collapses and we lose the little bit we invested then 30 years from now we can tell our grandchildren when we played around with what was called bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:54:51
Venezuela, Ukraine, Russia, and Brazil economic problems will probably push even more into bitcoin and gold.
@_date: 2015-06-15 18:48:30
The only other option you have is to wait until I buy and then wait another day or two and buy it lower OR wait until I sell and just prior to me selling you can buy because as soon as I sell it seems to go higher.
OR you can "cost dollar average". Buy a little today and a week later whether it goes higher or lower buy a little more and a week do the same thing. The only certainty we have is that we cannot be certain what is going to happen.
So enjoy the ride and either the ride crashes and we had fun while it lasted or the ride turns out to be awesome in which case have fun:)
@_date: 2015-06-12 15:45:55
I have to admit I "tinker" with bitcoin to learn as much as I can and have almost 4 bitcoin. And I use Coinbase.
But want to learn more about bitcoin and remove myself from the "corporate control" of Coinbase. 
Suggestions? What should I use? How do I learn how to safely store and use another method?
I have to admit I like the easiness and convenience of Coinbase but I don't like that it removes me from the true benefits of bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:08:27
Yes and yes.
That is the risk and uncertainty. Bitcoin has incredible benefits if fully accepted and used. However, government in their infinite wisdom has been shown to always screw things up in their desire to "fix things".
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:59:48
I have two primary concerns:
1) Although bitcoin is a revolutionary way to transfer assets anywhere in the world my worry is many will not recognize the benefits and ignore it. The Ford Edsel was supposed to be the most revolutionary automobile at its time and was a flop. NOT because it wasn't a technological success for its time but the people just didn't accept it.
2) Government intrusion. Notice that every time government decides to "fix" something they make it worse. Government's middle name is "failure" but I worry government will decide to "fix" supposed inherent problems with massive regulations that make it difficult to use. 
And let's face it bitcoin can still be used "illegally" (if government decided to do so) but the advantages are widespread use by consumers and businesses around the world. Remove that capability to use legally or easily and bitcoin cannot succeed.
@_date: 2015-05-20 13:55:55
Thanks and I'll make sure I pass it along:)
@_date: 2015-05-11 15:03:10
First, bitcoin is not a currency and is the first mistake.
Yes, to be "currency" it must meet the medium of exchange, store of value, and unit of account.
Bitcoin is used as a medium of exchange so good there.
Bitcoin COULD be a store of account but is questionable now so will say "no" at the moment.
BUT bitcoin is NOT a unit of account!! ALL prices are always in a currency then translated to how many bitcoin it takes to make that amount!!
Since bitcoin is NOT a unit of account it is not currency but rather an asset that has a value like gold, a collectible car or baseball card, or a painting or artwork.
So the consensus that bitcoin is a currency is wrong to begin with.
@_date: 2015-05-07 14:18:57
Yes bitcoin has money laundering potential. In fact the U.S. dollar has money laundering potential too AND the U.S. dollar IS used for money laundering much much more than bitcoin.
Why? Because each and every dollar is not tracked digitally which is a risk to criminals. Any criminal that wants to use bitcoin for money laundering is creating a trail of cookie crumbs that could potentially lead to his getting caught.
Stick with using the U.S. dollar for money laundering and is so much easier.
@_date: 2015-05-20 20:02:55
Let me preface by saying I think bitcoin is awesome and has incredible potential and opportunity. But they said the same thing about the Ford Edsel.
In other words nobody knows where bitcoin will take us. It could be the future and just like email in 1990 was a word where people said "Huh?" in 2015 virtually everybody has at least one email address and uses daily. OR could be a Ford Edsel being "before its time".
Having said that go ahead and dabble in bitcoin (just like I do) BUT don't invest money you can't afford to lose. Because bitcoin is just as likely to be worth "zero" in ten years as being worth thousands of dollars each.
@_date: 2015-05-15 14:42:28
I went to Rakuten (used to be buy.com) when they had their "Buy $100 worth or more with bitcoin and get $30 off" so I bought an electric chainsaw and a cordless drill.
Great product and great deal!! Got both, after discount, for $110!!
@_date: 2015-05-26 13:41:55
Yes it is true to a lesser extent but, yes, people make money investing in currencies as well. The difference is bitcoin is an asset and not a currency so that was the reason I was focusing on the concept of asset allocation in diversification.
@_date: 2015-05-22 20:18:03
I am waiting for bitcoin to catch up the worldwide acceptance where it is easier to buy and sell bitcoin AND to buy and sell WITH bitcoin.
I'll buy stuff and I'll sell stuff. I'll continue to buy bitcoin and, if all goes, well in about 10 years I can sell my bitcoin and build a cabin debt free on some property I own and chill out on the large front porch:)
@_date: 2015-05-18 18:00:34
So you are saying Tech stocks failed? Just look at the NASDAQ when you get a chance.
BTW here are some interesting quotes:
"I think there is a world market for maybe five computers." -- Thomas Watson, chairman of IBM, 1943.
"There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home." -- Ken Olson, president, chairman and founder of Digital Equipment Corp., 1977.
"This 'telephone' has too many shortcomings to be seriously considered as a means of communication. The device is inherently of no value to us." -- Western Union internal memo, 1876.
"Drill for oil? You mean drill into the ground to try and find oil? You're crazy." -- Workers whom Edwin L. Drake tried to enlist to his project to drill for oil in 1859.
"Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value." -- Marechal Ferdinand Foch, Professor of Strategy, Ecole Superieure de Guerre.
"The wireless music box has no imaginable commercial value. Who would pay for a message sent to nobody in particular?" -- David Sarnoff's associates in response to his urgings for investment in the radio in the 1920s.
So all you have confirmed is there are two types of people; those that can see the benefit of a good for the future and those that can't.
@_date: 2015-05-19 14:17:01
Yea, just make up stuff as you go along............
To BUY stuff then, yes, you can set up with a credit card but there are probationary requirements so severely limited.
BUT to SEND MONEY you must have your PayPal account attached to a checking account. And THAT takes several days.
You should be just a little more informed on the PayPal process before making incorrect comments.
@_date: 2015-05-18 14:40:21
THAT is what I have been wondering too!! How EASY it would be for Western Union to say they will transfer money for significantly less and simply USE bitcoin!!
@_date: 2015-05-11 20:00:37
The analogy is accurate and can easily be related to.
In the late 80's some could see the benefits of email but until it became widely accepted the benefits could not be seen or further developed.
So it took roughly a decade before many started to see the benefits of email and started using and now, because it became widely used, is used for much more than just sending "text". Now we send pictures and pdf documents that benefit the individual and businesses.
Bitcoin will be the same wide acceptance and benefits not yet seen or understood over the next decade. 
@_date: 2015-05-05 15:02:52
No, government cannot stop bitcoin. But they can make it so very difficult that many won't touch it with a ten-foot pole thus the use, and value, will plummet.
How can the government make it difficult? Simply tell businesses they cannot accept as payment. Once bitcoin loses the very benefit of bitcoin (easy, fast, and less costly transactions) then its use will fall. 
Yes, there might still be a "niche" among techies and a "niche" to transfer assets to family/friends in other countries but widespread use will not occur.
Now my hope is government DOESN'T do that because bitcoin is revolutionary. BUT I can't help but wonder if government ultimately will decide that "freedom" for the people harms the ability for government to "control the people" thus might want to hinder its use.
@_date: 2015-05-11 19:49:51
Reminds me of the looks I used to get in the early 90's when I asked if I could have their email address. 
You see with any revolutionary technology it takes time for others unfamiliar with the technology to finally become aware of it and see the benefits.
@_date: 2015-05-22 14:34:16
I will tell you a quick story:
About two years ago I was in a thread on another site talking about bitcoin. I was the one calling it a "scam", calling it a "Ponzi Scheme", and relating it to tulip bulbs.
But I had a person ask me if I had researched. If I knew how it worked. Was I at least willing to learn about bitcoin before criticizing it. And he was right. I always considered myself a rational person (and actually teach college economics) so how could I speak intelligently on a subject like bitcoin without even researching bitcoin.
So I started to research. How did it start. What is its purpose. Can it help transactions and movements of assets. So I also created a Coinbase account and bought $20 worth. Then created another Coinbase account and transferred about $5 worth. And saw how easy that was and realized how that could revolutionize asset transfer. Then I did more research.
Then I was hooked. What a remarkable technological advance. I compare this to email back in the early 90's. I heard someone say "email address". I had no idea what that meant. Then months later I hear someone ask if I have an email address. Why? Nobody I know HAS an email address? And so it sends typed info. I have to go home, connect to the computer (with dial-up), connect to my Netscape account, and wait....and wait....and wait. What good is that?
But look at us now. Email is critical for business and communication. Everybody has at least one email address (many of us 5 or 6). Email now allows images and attachments to be instantly sent and received. We cannot live without email and the internet now.
The same will occur with bitcoin. Bitcoin is the next "round" of internet technology. The ability to send ASSETS as quickly and easily as email will revolutionize global and local transactions. It will take some years for full acceptance (it took email about a decade) but when bitcoin is finally accepted worldwide it will revolutionize "money" and the transfer of assets.
@_date: 2015-05-19 14:12:52
One day you will catch up. The concept is not having to CARRY cash!!
Imagine you see a garage sale and there is a lawnmower. Good price and what you want. They want $30. You don't HAVE $30!!
What to do? You can go to the ATM at the supermarket a mile away. You can ask if the garage sale individual takes checks. OR you can see they take bitcoin, you tell them you want to buy the mower, they show their QR code, you scan, and submit $30.
No exchange of names or bank information. No chance your check might bounce. No having to drive somewhere and come back in 45 minutes with cash only to find the mower has been sold.
You see, rather than being critical open your mind and see the advantages.
@_date: 2015-05-18 18:50:59
Ebay is losing market share since most require Paypal and many want to use their credit card. Now a buyer CAN use their card but is a cumbersome process through Paypal itself.
Five years ago that was okay but now with Amazon and other competition Ebay is losing market share.
But if Ebay were to accept bitcoin? MAN!! Ebay would be THE place to shop!! Already has the infrastructure and would attract a great deal of shoppers who want to use bitcoin!!
@_date: 2015-05-21 19:18:16
Diversification is the game.
So I own stocks and mutual funds in a 401k, mutual funds (and gold/silver funds) in a "basic" investment account, I own some stock in a private company I used to work for, gold/silver/copper coins at the house in the safe (along with a little bit of cash), and buy a little bitcoin to see what happens:)
@_date: 2015-05-18 14:39:09
That only works if the other person also has PayPal or bank account. And then it requires exchange of banking information and personal information. 
Would be so much easier just to receive an address and send the money. Done. Nothing else needed.
@_date: 2015-05-26 13:45:46
Give it time.
Bitcoin is still very new and still has limited usage and benefits but just like email was new and had limited benefit back in the late 80's and early 90's now we see how people almost cannot live without the conveniences of email. Same will happen with bitcoin. As more and more see the benefits then more and more will participate making it more and more beneficial for all.
Imagine having an asset like bitcoin similar to having an asset like gold BUT able to send any size portion of bitcoin anywhere in the world fast and at an incredibly low cost. As more see the benefit more will participate.
@_date: 2015-05-26 13:06:17
Some like bitcoin for its revolutionary potential and see as a potential long term investment benefit but I don't think anybody really looks at bitcoin as a store of value. Yes the last few months have been great to see (the less volatility the better chance of acceptance by the consumer and the merchant) but that can change quickly. But the concern is we don't know WHICH way it will change. Will it go down to $10? Or up to $1000?
I own a little bitcoin as a diversification. No different than that "new company stock" that sounds interesting and I "bet" $1000 on the stock to see what happens.
Same with bitcoin. It is a gamble and not much different than going to a Vegas casino and hitting the roulette wheel except with bitcoin there is a logic to the investment. Whether it works out well or not only time will tell.
@_date: 2015-05-11 14:26:45
Something tells me "scam". 
The old saying "if something sounds too good to be true it usually is" comes to mind.
If he really thought his dad was an SOB then still sell the car for what it is worth, take a leak on his grave site, then spend a month in the Bahamas drinking Pina Coladas on the beach.
The BEST way to get back at a dad that is an SOB is to sell his late father's pride and joy for as much as you can then enjoy life.
This sounds about as "scammy" as scam can be. And probably why he wants to be paid in bitcoin (easy transfer and inability to find him later) AND of course the car is probably sold "sight unseen" and "don't worry, I'll send you the car and title after payment is received".
@_date: 2015-05-19 15:08:00
If you do not have an online account it takes days. 
But you still miss the most important point and that is at a garage sale, or sending money across the globe, a person doesn't want to give personal information.
Can I pay for something at a garage sale with PayPal? Yes, if both have a PayPal account. BUT I would have to give the person my personal PayPal information (name, etc.) and I don't want to do that.
You see you keep trying to find other ways to pay. Are there? Of course. But every other method requires giving personal information. You still don't seem to understand the most important point of bitcoin which is the ability to transact LIKE CASH without having to give personal information.
@_date: 2015-05-07 14:08:08
Exactly!! Notice the crackdown by government with people holding money. Banks no longer allow currency to be held in safety deposit boxes. People (like this guy) having their cash confiscated with no proof of any wrongdoing and refusal by government to return without "proof" it is legal. Now banks are notifying the Justice Department for deposits of cash of as little as $5000!!
Government has started the process of trying to remove currency from the economy to force everybody to use digital transactions (debit cards, credit cards, etc.) for all transactions so government can track your every purchase and payment.
Yes this is the reason we need a decentralized "currency".
@_date: 2015-05-18 14:45:25
I can tell you with a fair amount of certainty that bitcoin will be somewhere between $1 and $10,000 each a year from now. In about a year I can be a little more specific...........
@_date: 2015-05-11 14:36:40
My brother and I constantly transfer bitcoin. When meeting up for some beer and wings and you get to the check time we used to do the whole "you buy today and I'll buy next time" or throw a $10 or $20 bill to the other and they pay.
Now, one of us pays and then the other transfers the amount of bitcoin to cover their portion of the bill. Very easy to use and we don't have to try to remember who bought last time.
Same thing with my cousin. He and I have the same hobbies so when he comes across a "deal" he goes ahead and buys the stuff then asks me if I want some of it which I usually do so I transfer him the amount of bitcoin to pay him back.
@_date: 2015-05-18 14:31:50
I wish I had a quarter for every time I heard someone calling bitcoin a scam, saying it is a Ponzi Scheme, or claiming its failure.
I would be a wealthy man right now:)
@_date: 2015-05-04 15:23:14
Great that you helped out another user and kudos for that.
And, yes, so sad that a thief finds it okay to steal money from another user.
I wonder if the scumbag lives in Baltimore?
@_date: 2015-05-05 14:57:56
I want to buy a few shares of GBTC for "giggles and grins" but at $55 a share? Sorry, I would rather add another about $180 and buy a WHOLE BTC.
Let GBTC get down to about $25 to $30 and I will buy a fair amount.
@_date: 2015-05-18 18:52:50
Excellent explanation and completely agree. Then, in this person's case, he could easily transfer assets to whichever account he needed without ever having to use "Foreign Exchange" again:)
@_date: 2015-05-26 14:03:26
I can explain this because I was there.
About two years ago I was the one on threads calling bitcoin a Ponzi Scheme, a scam, and comparing to tulip bulbs. But then had a supporter of bitcoin simply ask me if I knew anything about bitcoin. I of course said I did not. Then I went onto explaining how an asset created out of thin air cannot have value. He simply asked me to research first before making a decision. I thought that was silly but, being a person who actually teaches college economics, realized he was right and how could I speak intelligently if I do not understand how it started, how it works, and its benefits.
So I researched and was intrigued. I created a Coinbase account and bought $20 worth. Then I created another Coinbase account to see how to send back and forth between accounts. Then I was hooked. Bitcoin is revolutionary and will have significant benefits around the world as it becomes more accepted by consumers and merchants.
So, in summary, the skeptics simply have not researched and do not understand the benefits and how it works. And I would challenge them, as I did about two years ago, to research and see how it works and see the long-run potential and when informed will be equally impressed.
@_date: 2015-05-18 14:37:10
But it is not just sending money all over the world fast and at a very low cost but also convenience.
For example, I had a garage sale recently and advertised on Craigslist the garage sale AND that I accept bitcoin. I had about 5 people stop buy and pick up a few things and wanting to pay in bitcoin. How easy it was for a $4 purchase for me to open a QR code, they scan, enter $4, and submit. I wait a few seconds, saw it, then said thank you:)
The ease of use without having to exchange bank information or even names will be the incredible positives when bitcoin becomes mainstream.
@_date: 2015-05-19 20:09:44
1337 bits@_date: 2015-05-18 15:00:29
So your solution is to go through days of creating a Paypal account and getting it approved and connected to your bank account OR creating a bitcoin wallet and allowing an almost immediate transfer of bitcoin with virtually no cost?
When will those who do not understand bitcoin finally take the time to actually learn what bitcoin can do?
@_date: 2015-05-19 14:48:16
$30 or $4. The point and logic is the same.
Time for you to move into the 21st century.
@_date: 2016-06-16 14:51:02
So considering dropping cash that is being significantly devalued at the same time is not a solution but further identifying the problem. 
The problem is government and the Federal Reserve.
@_date: 2016-06-03 13:23:28
Think of it this way, let's look at cigarettes in the typical example of a POW camp that are used as "currency" thus the cigarettes are the "money supply". And let's further assume that the cigarettes in the camp are constant as well as the goods available for sale are constant. Then the Unit of Account would stay about the same (aka "3 cigarettes for a loaf of bread"). But notice this stays about the same because the cigarettes in the camp AND the demand for the goods stay the same.
Now let's assume there is a 10% increase in the number of cigarettes in the camp (say the Red Cross delivers more cigarettes to the POW's). Notice that there are now more cigarettes (an increased money supply) making each cigarette now having less purchasing power so now it might take, say, 4 or 5 cigarettes for a loaf of bread (this is called inflation because each cigarette in the camp has been "devalued" due to more being available thus now need more cigarettes to buy the same amount of goods).
Now imagine there is great stress in the camp and we find the POW's smoking the cigarettes. As each cigarette is smoked it is now removed from circulation and the "money supply" decreases. So now a person cannot ask for 4 or 5 cigarettes for a loaf of bread as each cigarette is now more valuable (because there is less) and that creates deflation because the money supply decreases. But what if the number of cigarettes is constant BUT 20% of the POW's are released? Certainly there is now a decreased demand for goods thus a decreased demand for cigarettes (aka "money") and that decreases prices too and the value of the money supply.
So let's relate to bitcoin. For the price of bitcoin to rise (all other things being equal) the demand for bitcoin must rise faster than the supply of bitcoin. So even though bitcoin supplies are increasing for price to rise the demand must be increasing more (as a percentage). So what happens when halving occurs? That depends on the demand. If demand continues to increase at a percentage higher than the supply prices will rise. So when halving occurs the supply is increasing at a lower rate but if demand continues at the same current (or higher) percentage then of course price will rise. But if demand for bitcoin falls and the percentage increase in demand is less than even the lower halving percentage increase then price will fall. 
@_date: 2016-12-14 14:52:02
Understand that as of today bitcoin is only a commodity not unlike gold, silver, artwork, etc. 
The difference between a currency and a commodity is people accept a currency directly as compensation or for selling a good or service whereas most people do not "exchange" directly with a commodity. The commodity must first be sold for currency and THEN the individual exchanges the currency for their good or service being purchased. Notice that with bitcoin if I decide to sell you, say, a stapler I immediately think about the currency value (say $5) then convert that to how much bitcoin is valued at $5 (say 0.0064 bitcoin) then give you that value.
Now, if bitcoin became accepted as currency then that allows bitcoin to be used as direct payment (not having to be converted from a commodity to a currency) and when you ask how much the stapler is I tell you 0.0064 (or the easier 6,400 bits).
But I will tell you that in my opinion bitcoin will never become "currency" and will always be measured in another value based on its commodity value but that is okay. The ease of transactions and removal of government manipulation makes it all worthwhile.
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:48:22
It is not the Greeks buying bitcoin but the fact that Greece uncertainty along with China, Argentina, Venezuela, Russia, Portugal, Cyprus, and dozens of other countries looking to have financial difficulties is leading more people to research bitcoin and "getting involved" just to learn how it works and "just in case".
That Greece supposedly came to an agreement is not big deal but speculators worried it might so sold a little.
No worries because the trend since bitcoin hit its lows about six months ago is up over 30% in just the last six months.
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:37:47
In my opinion bitcoin will not exist in about 10 years. There will be a "new and improved" by then. Bitcoin will still have a value but will be primarily to convert to the new and improved. I don't see any way bitcoin is going to get to these numbers like $10,000 or $100,000 each. Now I own a few "just to see what happens" and I actually do hope that within 5 years or so a bitcoin might be worth $1500 or $2000. And if it hits that I'll be happy. If it is more than that I will be EXTREMELY happy. But if it got REAL high they would either have to drastically increase the quantity of bitcoin to reduce the "per bitcoin value" kind of like a "stock split" is done today or would allow pressure of a new and improved to take over. If a stock is worth $100 a company might split "5 to 1" so now instead of having 1 share for $100 you have 5 shares for $20 each. So if bitcoin is worth $2000 increase the number of bitcoin by 5 and now the holder has five times as many bitcoin but worth $400 each. So the bitcoin holder of course doesn't get harmed. However, I think a "new and improved" will come along that will be easier to use, easier to transfer, and easier to protect and will slowly move away from bitcoin. But that could be a decade or two decades away.
That is just my opinion:)
@_date: 2015-07-14 13:52:45
Although I am a BIG bitcoin supporter I certainly agree with eBay not accepting. Now all we need is for PayPal to start accepting bitcoin as payment and then an eBay purchase can just transact in bitcoin via PayPal:)
@_date: 2015-07-14 13:58:08
I agree and a balanced portfolio is the smartest move. Those who put all their money in either the stock market, bitcoin, gold, etc. will get burned. But having a little bit in ALL these areas is smarter. If stock market falls then bitcoin and gold rise. If stock market might fall or might rise. If bitcoin rises then great but if it falls then a person doesn't lose everything. 
I add one more to the list. One of the best "holders of value" is amazingly surplus firearms. So I have about $10,000 in various surplus firearms and surplus ammo. Ironically the ammo actually rose more in value the last five years!! (like 7.62x54R, etc.).
So I have a diversified portfolio with some individual stocks (for dividends), several well diversified mutual funds, some gold and silver, some bitcoin, and some antique and surplus firearms and ammo.
I feel pretty comfortable:)
@_date: 2015-07-15 13:32:46
I didn't say it COULD be split. I was saying hypothetically that if it COULD be split it could last for quite some time but since it can't then within 5 or 10 years another bitcoin type product that is "new and improved" will become the dominant player. And that is okay. Just like Metacrawler was the search engine that was best at the time of the "new internet" now Google and Yahoo are the dominant players.
@_date: 2015-07-14 18:55:39
LOL and way to go:)!!
I haven't bought quite that much but I have bought about $8000 in the last two years and that is up about 25% in just the last couple years. So I get to shoot and have fun AND watch them actually INCREASE in value!!
@_date: 2015-07-08 21:37:54
A revolutionary new capability doesn't "stabalize" very fast. Think about it this way, think about the late 80's and early 90's. This new thing called the internet was starting to be talked about and something called "email" was being discussed.
I remember in the early 90's someone telling me about "email" and how I could send "mail" electronically over the internet. Many people said "what good is THAT!!" and that very few HAD email so what is the use of having that ability but nobody else using it (sound familiar - bitcoin?). 
But look at us now 2 decades later. Just about everybody has email and most people have multiple emails (I have about 8 email addresses for various businesses/etc.).
So bitcoin will take some time. I think the bubble was a fluke for a couple reasons but that is over. Now we go through the "sometimes up" and "sometimes down" for quite some time. Remember, the reason for the volatility is NOT use!! It is speculation. Some speculating that long term it will be more valuable so buying and holding. That is not an issue. Some are buying little bits to "try it" and that is not an issue (but VERY important!!). It is those speculating so when Greece issues pop up there is belief more will want to buy thus price increases so want to buy hoping they can flip in a day or two. THOSE are the ones making bitcoin volatile albeit not nearly as volatile as a year or two ago.
So will take more time (I think 3-5 years) before it gets in the hands of those who are the end users and the "speculators" will be a much smaller effect. And at THAT time see it not too bad and maybe just a 1% or 2% change up or down from day to day more like gold does now.
@_date: 2015-07-14 14:54:25
I always try to look at the positive and things will work out great but always prepare for the worst at the same time. Yes, if things get apocalyptic I can arm a small platoon:)
@_date: 2015-07-08 20:20:50
Anything when new is much more volatile. Will just take some time. 
But even Apple stock I am sure was very volatile back 30 years ago when new as well. Once something becomes established then things smooth out and normalize:)
@_date: 2015-07-21 18:32:46
Just 2000 rounds?:)
Heck, the last two years I have made more money selling some of my surplus ammo than selling bitcoin:)
@_date: 2015-07-29 16:19:09
Email was very inconvenient to use in the late 80's as well. But technology catches up to the revolutionary concepts like email and now we have email on our phones.
Give it time. Bitcoin in revolutionary. Now we have to wait a few years for technology to catch up that makes it much easier.
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:06:36
Let's be clear, the LAST thing Greece wants is a government sponsored bitcoin. That would require Greece actually have the money which they clearly don't. In addition Greece is planning on using money creation to pay bills (so look for MASSIVE inflation within a few years).
However, the Greece population sure would benefit from bitcoin just like any other country that is manipulating their currency (China, Venezuela, etc.) so will probably continue to see a small percentage of Greeks holding a few bitcoin just in case.
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:14:53
Just like any bubble in history even bitcoin had a massive ramp up and an equally reacting fall. However if you see the price of bitcoin just before the ramp up (around Oct 2013) was just under $200. Then we had the bubble and collapse where it dropped back to about $200 around Jan 2015 (that shouldn't be a surprise). However, since then has increased over the last six months over 25% and now hanging around $270.
I think that is a great sign and bitcoin continues to be accepted and companies continue to expand its use and software to benefit the bitcoin user. I think we see nothing but a more rational increase in bitcoin use and price going forward.
@_date: 2015-07-01 20:21:03
What I did was create two Coinbase accounts. I bought (for my first purchase) about $20 worth and then transferred a dollar to the other account. I watched a learned how the QR codes work, how long it takes, what it says on one account and what it says on the other account, and so on. 
@_date: 2015-07-10 16:04:41
A website that promises 2.4% A DAY and you BELIEVE you may have been scammed?
THAT is the surprise of this entire post.
@_date: 2015-07-01 16:37:32
But if Uber is accepting the payment in bitcoin they save the 2%+ charge from the credit card company (as well as remove the potential "chargeback" issues) thus the driver AND Uber benefit. Whether the driver (or Uber) wants to keep bitcoin or immediately convert to fiat currency is irrelevant to the benefits.
@_date: 2015-07-08 20:34:24
Sorry but bitcoin is not being marketed as a form of payment. It is marketed as an asset whereas a portion of that asset can be sent anywhere fast and at a low cost. The volatility is because the value of the asset is still being determined by the markets. Once the asset values stabilize the advantages of sending a portion anywhere fast and at a low cost will then start to become more feasible.
@_date: 2015-07-10 20:06:07
Rather than buying 1.0 now plan on buying .25 now and then .25 each week for the next three weeks. That way if it goes up you bought a little now and if it goes down you are buying some at the lower price.
But as several mentioned below if you can't handle the volatility then you should not be buying or selling bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-01 16:35:52
You are missing the point. The benefit would be LESS cost to Uber thus both Uber and the driver could both make more. It is not a requirement to KEEP bitcoin but simply to accept as a very inexpensive method of payment of which all parties benefit. Whether the driver wants to hold bitcoin or immediately convert to fiat currency is their choice and not related to the topic.
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:51:03
In 2035 1 bitcoin is worth 1 bitcoin. Now, converting that to fiat currency I can only give a range and can be fairly certain that 1 bitcoin will be worth somewhere between worthless and $100,000 each. As we get closer then we might have a better idea.
@_date: 2015-04-27 15:37:02
This is the problem with new technology and one side says the other side doesn't use it and vice versa. So both sides sort of "wait" to see.
I compare to email when we first starting hearing about it. Many thought "why get an email address since nobody I know has email". And merchants thought "why get a website and accept email when so few have the internet and email". So it takes a while for those who wanted to use email to wait for the "masses" to start accepting it.
Back in the 50's when the credit card started they had the same problem. Who wanted a credit card if nobody accepted it? And why would a merchant accept credit cards if few people had them?
But look at us now and people use credit cards at McDonalds. So it will take time but just like credit cards, email, and the internet took time to be "accepted" when it did it exploded in growth very fast.
@_date: 2015-04-22 20:09:30
It comes down to a very simple concept: Supply and Demand.
That is like saying "If gold were to drop to $1 an ounce it would be much safer and easier to understand". But how come gold will not fall to $1 an ounce? Supply and Demand because the MARKET price has been determined to be much more than $1.
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:58:58
I remember in the early 90's when hearing about "email" people saying "What good is email when nobody you know has an email address?". And yet here we are 20 years later and most people have multiple email addresses.
The point is with new technology you cannot try to compare today with how many are using bitcoin today because, just like email in the early 90's, very few are aware of how it works or how it will benefit. But in 20 years bitcoin technology (although I admit may not be bitcoin itself but possibly another similar product) will be as common to everybody as email is today.
@_date: 2015-04-17 19:37:19
Actually, that the price of bitcoin is staying fairly stable over the last 3 months even though the supply of bitcoins is still increasing at a decent pace is a GOOD sign. That means the demand for bitcoin is increasing at a rate fairly consistent with the increased supply.
@_date: 2015-04-15 20:58:05
I doubt you will find a bunch of bitcoin users at the bowling alley or at the urologist waiting room.
@_date: 2015-04-08 19:32:46
You have the "hoarder" that is owning now hoping it increases in value. This is no benefit to the desire to expand bitcoin use and knowledge.
Then you have those who buy occasionally (or give occasionally) trying to help expedite acceptance and usage.
I like to keep most of my bitcoins accrued over the last two years but do like to use occasionally whether at a place like Cryptothrift, Rakuten, or other businesses. But when I spend bitcoin it is because of the benefits of bitcoin and either bought a little cheaper or, like in Rakuten, took advantage of their $30 off of $100 order or more (ends today: 
But when I spend bitcoin it is because of a "deal" then I immediately buy that same amount in bitcoin again.
For example bought $140 worth of stuff at Rakuten for $110. Used $110 worth of bitcoin then bought about $110 worth of bitcoin. So my total didn't really change but took advantage of the discount by buying with bitcoin:)
@_date: 2015-09-08 15:20:01
Coinbase is a bitcoin wallet and exchange company located in the United States. They are are very dependable and have been around for a couple years. I have had a Coinbase account for almost two years.
The pros of Coinbase is if you want to "dabble" in bitcoin and buy 1/4 bitcoin here and sell a 1/4 bitcoin there to see how it works and want an easy way to buy with bitcoin or sell with bitcoin. I can log into my Coinbase account from any computer (there are of course verification requirements for YOUR safety). The cons? Well, you are working with a government regulated company (kinda defeats the whole purpose of bitcoin doesn't it?) that requires identification to set up an account and be assured the government will have a report on every transaction and purchase you make (think of Coinbase as the "bank").
So if you want to have an easy access to a wallet and not have to "mess around" with all the details while you start to learn how to use bitcoin I think Coinbase is fantastic!!
But if you really start to use bitcoin, and start investing thousands of dollars, and don't want government knowing what you are doing then you will have to learn how to manage yourself.
But I have been "dabbling" with bitcoin for almost two years and currently have a little over 4 bitcoin. Again, nothing special so I LOVE Coinbase. I am not trying to "hide" massive amounts of money so Coinbase does me fine as I learn how bitcoin works. I think for a "newbie" like you Coinbase would be GREAT!! So don't worry about the ID request. That is because Coinbase is highly regulated so must approach similar to a "bank". Think of it this way, if you were to open an account at your nearby bank they would ask for ID, right? Well, so does Coinbase:)
@_date: 2015-04-07 20:18:36
There will be more and more of that as they get used to it but I am sure back in the 50's when the business said they accepted credit cards the first few transactions were total confusion. Now we slide the card and done.
Same will happen to bitcoin just might take a few years to get there:)
@_date: 2015-04-16 15:02:00
I agree and there are not enough using bitcoin to go through the trouble to train............yet............
But that was like in the early 90's companies said they didn't want domain names, internet sites, or email because nobody was using them. 
Give it time. Just like in the early 90's very few had email addresses because "why bother" when nobody you know has an email address. But here we are 20 years later and just about everybody has multiple email addresses they track on their phones.
Give bitcoin time just like we gave the internet and email time. In five years we will see many many more accepting and using bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-23 19:29:54
Coinbase is fantastic and have been with them for well over a year. Simply contact them with any issues and they will answer your question promptly and if in their control resolve the issue as well.
@_date: 2015-04-07 20:27:03
I agree bitcoin will never replace cash but not for the reasons you list. 
You say you can give a friend a $10 bill and is instantly his. But the money is not "money" but a federal reserve note which someone ELSE will accept. Same with bitcoin. Might take a few minutes to "clear" but by the time you get to your next place to use it it is available.
And you say everyone doesn't have a computer with them. Ummm, how many people do you know with an Android or iphone? So, yes, most people DO have a computer with them. And just imagine what it will look like in 10 years.
And how many people have a bitcoin wallet? Well, how many people in 1995 had an email address? But now most people have multiple email addresses. 
So give it time. Just like it took the internet about a decade to REALLY start to take off so will bitcoin.
Now back to the comment bitcoin will not replace cash I agree with that comment. Most countries still want control over their money supply. So cash will always be available and bitcoin will always be a commodity PRICED in fiat currency but exchanged as a commodity (like gold but will have the ease of "electronic" transactions). So bitcoin will always be valued in fiat currency.
@_date: 2015-04-08 13:32:11
I wish I had a quarter for every time I have heard that bitcoin has failed or is failing. I would be a very rich man right now.
@_date: 2015-09-23 15:28:31
I just made two transactons in the last 48 hours with the second transaction taking place just an hour ago and both are fine.
Very inappropriate to state lies. If you have a PARTICULAR issue with Coinbase then call them. But to state EVERY person has an issue because YOU have an issue is not appropriate.
@_date: 2015-04-17 19:59:35
I intended to agree with him but I took his comment as meaning the "didn't care about bitcoin" was going to be a long-term occurrence. I was simply stating that right now so few really know about bitcoin so of course the reason they "don't care" is that they "don't know". But just like email and the internet use took off a decade later so will bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-07 20:19:24
I wish Ted Cruz took bitcoin.
I would have contributed by now:)
@_date: 2015-04-16 15:13:16
Were you around in the early 90's? It happened constantly. I remember this thing called "email" was being rumored and would be on that "internet thing". Many asked what good is an email if nobody they know has it. But it was new technology and took another decade before it started to be accepted more mainstream.
Same thing will happen with bitcoin. Still too new and still too many asking "what good is it. Very few places accept it". But over time that will change.
@_date: 2015-04-23 19:43:04
I am sorry you are having issues and surprised to hear that. I have had very few issues but when I did they replied generally within 24 hours. If longer than two days I would send them another email through their website.
@_date: 2015-04-16 19:35:30
And in due time it will get there, you are correct, and is my point.
When internet and email started to use it was "clunky" and could only send text. And had to login to a desktop computer. So was not very useful.
But then Microsoft came along. And laptops became cheaper. Then smart phones. So took advances in applications before it became usable. And now we attach pictures, pdfs, and documents easily and transfer across the street or across the world. 
Same will happen with bitcoin. 
With bitcoin three years ago it was terrible to work with. Clunky to use no easy user interface. Now we have multiple choices like Coinbase and now we have some merchants accepting like Overstock.com and Rakuten.com for example. But we are still in the infant stage and is still clunky (albeit not as clunky as just a year ago) and you are correct that Microsoft will integrate, more merchants will accept, more users will find it easy to use, and so on. I think it will take five years or so before widespread use will occur but just like the internet and email it will take some time.
@_date: 2015-04-17 19:35:34
Interesting, they said the same about internet use and email use in the late 80's and early 90's. 
And you are correct, in the late 80's and early 90's the rest of the world didn't care about the internet or email - yet. 
The same will occur with bitcoin over the next decade or two.
@_date: 2015-04-02 13:49:55
First of all central banks/government "having power" really has only accelerated in the last century or so. Prior to that "money" typically was a precious metal and the weight of the precious metal gave the money its value. So the "money" in a decentralized manner has been occurring for thousands of years.
Secondly, I hear many talk about bitcoin being "deflationary" but that is technically not true because of the Quantity Theory of Money.
The Quantity Theory of Money states that:
Growth rate of the money supply + Growth rate of Velocity = Growth rate of the price level (inflation rate) + Growth rate of Real Output.
So what happens if Real Output increases faster than the increases in the money supply? Many believe deflation occurs. However, we are assuming in that case that velocity is staying constant but with something that is so easy and quick to use like bitcoin all that will happen is the velocity will increase proportionally. In other words the same amount of bitcoins can cover more transactions when needed thus there would not be any deflationary pressures.
@_date: 2015-04-01 20:44:47
And THAT kind of customer service is the reason I use Coinbase.
Thumbs up guys!!
@_date: 2015-11-06 15:29:21
Really? Gold drops $13 an ounce (about 1%) and that is "falling dramatically"? Remember when Apple stock about 2 weeks ago dropped over 4% in one day? I didn't hear anybody saying "Apple stock is falling dramatically". This is normal every day volatility.
@_date: 2015-03-17 15:17:44
I don't have an issue with the concept but I think you should be careful and believe what you are doing is illegal but depends on your state laws.
Now whether legal or not also depends on whether you get caught but just taking money with the promise someone will "get the prize" has to follow a number of laws first.
I believe only "non-profit organizations" can do lotteries and must jump through "hoops" to get it approved. Otherwise it is considered "gambling" and falls under state gambling laws.
Just be careful................
@_date: 2015-03-12 13:37:50
There is one major flaw in your argument and that is "self-interest". You are making the assumption that everybody complies but why would many intentionally destroy their bitcoins and someone else benefit?
You do realize what you are suggesting is similar to OPEC where member countries intentionally restrict production to artificially push prices higher. And sometimes it works for a while UNTIL one (or more) of the member countries realize "cheating" is in their self-interest. So they SAY they are going to restrict production but as prices rise they actually INCREASE production. Before long the price of oil is falling and the other OPEC countries realize they are harming themselves to benefit others and the production restrictions deteriorate. 
Same would happen here. Even if you could get a number of "whales" to agree to destroy some bitcoins others would SAY they will too but realize if the OTHERS destroy bitcoin then THEIR bitcoins will rise in value. So even if you could get some to even consider it wouldn't last very long. Why? Self-interest.
@_date: 2015-03-16 20:45:37
Yes that is a perfect example but I think the more telling example is the many people who simply don't want to, or can't, open a bank account. Between fees, massive amounts of personal information, etc. that is difficult for some.
And then we have the ability to pay a person in another country (and even uses another currency) or even a person at a garage sale fast and virtually at no cost.
We are now a global economy but we don't act like it.
@_date: 2015-03-16 20:36:08
The foundation of the internet was started in 1981 so think about how well the internet was working in 1987. I'll answer that for you - it wasn't to any extent. Very few had email addresses. Very few businesses had a presence. And very few even knew HOW to access the internet. It would take another nearly 10 years before the internet started to "catch on". 
So to compare bitcoin in six years is like trying to compare the internet after six years. Give it another 5 or 10 years and then ask this question again.
@_date: 2015-03-16 14:37:43
You make a valid point but I would hope that what Coinbase did was precautionary and actually considered "suspended" rather than "closed" and a call to Coinbase could clarify. Again, I don't know the details but can understand their concerns and might only need you to clarify to Coinbase this was not an illegal transaction but rather just a friend who made a stupid comment. I would guess (and hope) that Coinbase might just need a note from you confirming this was not an illegal transaction.
Again, I don't know the details and hope the solution is not difficult but then might be a good idea to tell your friends sending you bitcoin to JUST send the bitcoin and not be a smart :)
@_date: 2015-03-17 15:37:06
I know your intentions were good and didn't mean to imply otherwise:)
But laws can be tricky and would hate to see someone with good intentions potentially get into a sticky situation:)
@_date: 2015-03-09 18:43:17
I'll agree there. However, the technology in the 21st century to allow virtually instantaneous transactions anywhere in the world I don't worry about velocity. It's not like gold where to increase velocity that means a person must sell their gold for fiat then go somewhere else to transact or, if they take gold in this fictitious example, a person must physically go to the location after stopping by the house, bank (safety deposit box), or other location to get the gold.
So a virtually instantaneous transaction at any desired time would, in theory, handle plenty of velocity as needed. 
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:32:16
:) I don't know if you having copies or knowing the serial numbers of the dollars would make a difference unless you found the bills and could show theft or some other crime and get law enforcement to give it back to you:)
The point I was trying to make was bitcoins in an "electronic" wallet is really no different than bills in a "regular" wallet. If you lose the wallet you lost what was in the wallet. Now if you thought you knew where the wallet "might" be then you have a chance to "find it" but if not then unfortunately you may be out of luck:(
@_date: 2015-03-11 15:17:57
What many forget is the Quantity Theory of Money states that:
Velocity x Money Supply = Price x Output (or Production)
So we learn if Velocity and Output stay constant then Money Supply = Price (in other words if Velocity and Output is constant and the Federal Reserve increases the money supply then prices rise meaning inflation).
So far so good and many then say well what happens as Output (or Production) increases but the Money Supply (aka "bitcoin") stays constant won't that create deflation?
The answer is "no" because many forget about Velocity. So all that will happen is Velocity will increase and we will have more transactions but do not need more bitcoin to complete those transactions. So even though bitcoin has a finite supply the Velocity of the transactions will adjust to cover increased Output and prices will not change much.
@_date: 2015-03-12 13:31:06
You make some valid points but the problem is you are looking at this from a static viewpoint. Most "new technology" doesn't have a predetermined demand and the demand comes after the consumer sees the benefit. Also it takes time for the infrastructure to develop.
For example, do you know when credit cards first started many said they wouldn't work? The reason? "Who accepts them"? "Seems like a lot of work for a business to get paid". "How does a business know if it will actually GET paid?". 
Sound familiar? Many of the concerns you raise actually were similar concerns with credit cards back in the 50's.
And what about the internet? I remember in the 90's people saying "what good is it, nobody I know has an email address" or "so I can send someone an email, big deal" or "but it is too complicated to use". Yet now many people have more than one email address, the email transacts business (i.e. "attachments" and files), and computers come preloaded with email software.
So you see you make valid points but only looking at it from today and not how it will develop and gain acceptance.
@_date: 2015-03-25 18:00:53
Let me answer the question this way:
Say someone gave you a $20 bill and you put it in a wallet but now can't remember where you put that wallet. Is there a way to retrieve that? 
Only if you know where the wallet is..................
@_date: 2015-03-20 19:08:46
WOW!! That's a tough one!!
Okay, here is the prediction: 
I believe by the end of the year a bitcoin will be valued somewhere between $1 and $10,000. 
Of course it is too hard to predict farther out than that:)............
@_date: 2015-03-24 15:37:10
No you did not "create" 800 BTC but rather simply "lent out" 800 BTC. But you CANNOT loan out MORE BTC because you don't have it. You only have 200 BTC left. Now what I think will happen is BTC can potentially be used to secure fiat currency lent out.
For example, what if a Federal Reserve were to say for every $XX in BTC valued deposits we will let you loan out $YY in fiat money. That would be in essence what they do know. Remember we used to do that with gold. For every $XX amount in gold they could loan out $YY in U.S. currency.
So you cannot "create" BTC in Fractional Reserve Banking but you COULD "create" fiat currency using BTC deposits as reserve lending out MUCH more in fiat than the value of the BTC in reserve.
@_date: 2015-03-05 20:08:32
I had answered this in detail in another post but let me summarize here: It doesn't matter that the bitcoin quantity will eventually be constant because Velocity will accommodate.
The Quantity Theory of Money says that:
Velocity x Money Supply = Price x Output (i.e. Quantity of sales).
So if Output increases if Velocity stayed the same then of course we would have deflation but that will not be the case. Velocity will increase as well. So when Output increases Velocity will increase. When Output decreases Velocity will decrease. In other words price stays fairly constant and Velocity adjusts to increases and decreases in Output.
@_date: 2015-03-13 18:36:39
And don't forget that there could be an intention of theft. We are starting to hear cases where a person thinks they are going to a transaction and are ultimately robbed. Remember THEY know you have a bitcoin account (that's the reason you are meeting them) and quite likely have a couple hundred dollars or even much much more. Or if you are the buyer the thieves know you may be carrying hundreds of dollars in cash.
There was a recent case where a guy went to sell bitcoin for dollars and was robbed. The robbers forced the guy to transfer ALL of his bitcoins. Your bitcoin wallet is no different than walking around with a billfold with a couple hundred dollars (or more) in it.
So remember to meet in a public place and consider bringing a friend with, or if you conceal carry make sure you bring your firearm, or better yet bring both a friend AND a firearm just to make sure you are not walking into an ambush.
@_date: 2015-03-09 14:59:22
Yes in theory that is correct. And since bitcoin allows such a quick and easy way to transact if demand for goods increased we would simply have the bitcoins being transferred more frequently.
Many who argue there is a deflationary pressure are, technically, correct but are still applying the concept to 20th century technology. If we had an economy based on gold (for example) then that would be deflationary because the ability to increase Velocity is limited (i.e. just how quickly could we get gold to "change hands") but in the world of technology and the internet we could easily double or triple the number of transactions in a day and more than make up for the "limited" number of bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-03-13 16:23:00
Coinbase is a great company set up in California in the great country of the U.S. of A. 
Just like the banking industry (Wells Fargo, BoA, etc.) they have to be very careful on what they do and what they say. Is that a government regulation intrusion? Of course. BUT that is the price you pay for a secure location for your bitcoin. If you don't want to play by the rules then don't play and that applies to Coinbase, Facebook, Microsoft, Apple, Delta Airlines, and thousands of other places.
Just imagine FOR A MOMENT if Coinbase didn't react to a transaction that stated in exchange for drugs. Can you IMAGINE what the Justice Department or DEA might have to say about that? THAT is not something Coinbase in particular, or bitcoin in general, needs.