@_author: bitcoin2244
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:47:03
Some food for thought:
On IRC, I spoke to MagicalTux briefly about the on-going investigation into the seized funds a few months ago. He advised that he was facing potential jail time and that the company had spent over 1 million in lawyer costs on the case so far. For those of you who don't know, this was due to SR and not registering MtGox as a money transmitter business with FinCEN whilst also having ties with SR.
“In May 2013, through an interagency taskforce led by ICE in Baltimore, Maryland, three U.S. bank accounts associated with what was then the world’s largest bitcoin exchanger, Japan-based Mt.Gox, which was moving approximately $60 million per month into a number of Internet-based hidden black markets operating on the Tor network, including Silk Road, were seized for violations of 18 U.S.C. § 1960, operating a money service business in the United States without a license. The bulk of the funds were associated with the illicit purchase of drugs, firearms, and child pornography.”
Source: 
On the 20th of February, MagicalTux advised ne0futur that he couldn't make any announcements due to the US government. This also makes sense in to why their PR has been horrible over the past few days.
03:13 &lt; 2014-02-20 10:40 &lt;MagicalTux&gt; le gouv. US veut pas qu'on disclose hein
03:13 &lt; US gov doesnt want us to disclose
Another interesting fact is that the Japanese authorities do not have jurisdiction over MtGox or its bank accounts:
'Japan's Financial Services Agency and Finance Ministry told Reuters on Tuesday that they do not have jurisdiction over Mt. Gox after the exchange's website went down and efforts to reach company officials failed. The Bank of Japan said it had nothing to add to a comment by Governor Haruhiko Kuroda that the central bank was "very interested" in bitcoin.'
Source: 
To add to the amounts above, in the Bitcoin source code there is a reference to a transaction which shows an account which still has 50K BTC.
 // run the 'mtgox' test (see  // they tried to consolidate 10 50k coins into one 500k coin, and ended up with 50k in change
To this day the closure of MtGox has not been fully explained and we only have leaked documents to go by.
