@_author: bitcoinloco
@_date: 2016-08-12 01:06:35
Bolivar, any news about Daniel? i hear that he can be released next year in October but i honestly i dub it, i saw the news yesterday about miss Zulia, she was in detention since 2012 for the same Daniel is, and just now she got a sentence of eight years, i hope the best for your friend  
@_date: 2016-08-12 05:39:37
lololol now you can tell him "Please, go back to your shitcoin you socialist."
look at this, he even made a video and he looks so exited  and that was made on march 2014 and surbitcoin was launched in august 2014 and look at this "Rodrigo Souza deu uma ideia de usar o nome DilmaCoin", "Não existe correlação nenhuma entre o Rodrigo Souza e este programador que deseja manter o anonimato, e este programador já avisou que foi tudo uma mera coincidência."  haha, he is the dev
@_date: 2016-08-12 00:25:11
i got my popcornio
@_date: 2016-08-12 03:40:34
do you know that Rodrigo is the dev of DilmaCoin? the socialist coin of Brasil? he himself its a socialist and he is calling you a socialist, lol
@_date: 2016-04-30 23:34:10
bobthereddituser, I told you that they will not answer cos they are a ponzi, they lost money, they got money block in banks.
Now pinhopro will write here and say u a scammer who want to sell bolovarcoims too, lol. Those guys has no shame.
@_date: 2016-04-29 23:28:54
yes, try to contact surbitcoin and then write here how it goes, then if u still complaining about it, pinhopro will say that you are a scamer that want to sell shitcoins and a delusional like he its saying im.
as u can see the owners of Surbitcoin are blaming others about their problems, and avoiding responsibilities.
Now ask yourself, why pinhopro didnt want to help u?
@_date: 2016-04-28 07:54:17
I post about it a few weeks ago,
Venezuelan Secret Police capture Daniel Arraez, a Surbitcoin employee, he its in jail, being investigating for money laundry, my source told me that also that he received money, that was used for anti government protest back in 2014.
When i asked the owners of Surbitcoin about his employee, they answer, "If u want to know about him ask the police directly", also they said, we are based in USA and we have nothing to do with Venezuela and they name anyone that question Surbitcoin a "Surbitcoin Hater"
Then they also made a few interviews on the media, they all lies by the way. like this one "SurBitcoin exchange doubles its user base in a week after Venezuelan miners captured by government"
Nobody knows what really its going on, but if we look at the data, Surbitcoin its not doing well. their hot and cold wallets are geting low every day, and the volume its so low.
In Venezuela we are using Localbitcoins, and on Bitinka and trading P2P with friends on the Bitcoin Comunity
@_date: 2016-04-19 20:25:11
Please be carefull before using one of those websites.
I write a post here on reddit about,
Venezuelan secret police jailed a surbitcoin employee, Daniel Arraez, and other two miners are in jail because they bring mining rigs without proper documentation. Also J Farias was detain by secret police a friend of Rodrigo owner of blink trade .
I want to warn u and everybody else, cicpc start investigating surbitcoin in December and in march sebin start to investigate surbitcoin.
Rodrigo d Sousa, Randy Brito and Kevin Charles are owners of surbitcoin, and they don't care about his customers, and if u complain u will become a "surbitcoin hater" 
People start to talk about if surbitcoin its a ponzi, they are delaying withdrawals and users need to wait weeks to get the money back, also they are working only with one bank and they blame others of they failure,
I advice u to use localbitcoin. And stay away from surbitcoin and anything related to those names I posted here
@_date: 2016-04-29 23:18:22
your customer support sucks. as i said before, your exchange has problems with the law in Venezuela and your employee its in jail because that.
and i dnt want to sell shitcoins like bolivarcoin or onecoin to scam people, and i dnt want to use your exchange to trade shitcoins, for that i use poli.
@_date: 2016-04-30 01:43:57
"Dude, you are a scammer"
He called me a scammer, but why? What I did? Complain about surbitcoin? 
"If you had any problem with your transfer, please contact SurBitcoin"
If u had a problem, contact surbitcoin, OK, :S
"we will never list anyother altcoin in SurBitcoin."
Oh, wait a minute, you are surbitcoin, so why u dont want to help bobthereddituser?
"you are delusional."
Oh really?
@_date: 2016-06-06 03:43:26
Maduro's Government its not against Bitcoin or Cryptocurrencies at all. 
In Venezuela there is no law that regulate Bitcoin, and this make Bitcoin Legal,
But the problem is when you use the Venezuela currency.
Its illegal to exchange Venezuelan Bolivar for any other foreign currency outside the way that the government provide. thats why there are 4 exchange rates in Venezuela.
Its illegar to receive money that its coming from illegal activities, this means, that if the exchange receive illegal money, and then transfer to you, you are involve.
Its illegal to not declare your earnings, this means that if someone deposit in your bank account a big sum of money, and u dnt say nothing about it to autorities, they will come after you, and you need to provide them with the documents of how did you get that money, or if not, you will be detain and investigated.
and there are other laws that make Bitcoin trading in Venezuela a big risk for us.
All bitcoin exchangers that are in Venezuela are managed offshore, the owners are afraid of even hear about Venezuela.
At the end of march i wrote here in reddit that one exchange in Venezuela was being investigate and i was told by the owner of that exchange that i am a scamer that try to defraud his exchange. that exchange its holding deposits and withdrawals in BTC and Bolivars and there are many complains in his Facebook page. they insult they customers, dnt reply they tickets and hold their money.
I really think that exchangers in Venezuela must be managed by Venezuelans and not by foreigns, and also must be regulated by some institution so this kind of things will not happen. 
The best exchange in Venezuela i recomend its LocalBitcoin. it has the lowers fees and dnt hold your money.
@_date: 2016-06-06 02:43:06
I did a whois and its registered in Argentina, and the owner seems to be Argentinian, and there is also a Yabit.com.ar
That address that they have on the website,maybe its a fisical office in Venezuela, but all the exchange runs outside Venezuela, the same as Surbitcoin do.
To open a Bank account in Venezuela its a bit difficult, u need references, other bank accounts, home address, etc.
Surbitcoin has a fisical address in Venezuela too, they run as a restaurant that sells Arepas, a Venezuelan dish similar to the Mexican Tortilla, and its located near the border with Colombia.
@_date: 2016-06-06 02:55:38
But even if dnt share that info with police, Banks in venezuela must provide all the info of its transactions to them, this its a new law thats less than 6 months.
So if u sell in Localbitcoins, that its a finish site and Venezuela has no competence over Finland, the Venezuelan bank can provide the info of the transaction to the Venezuelan Police and then you can get caught.
@_date: 2016-05-03 00:20:48
How come I'm a scammer?
You are the scammer
@_date: 2016-05-04 11:38:30
Surbitcoin give you back your money?
@_date: 2016-07-08 10:25:50
i got my popcornio too :)
@_date: 2016-07-09 10:36:44
No, you didn't read what i wrote. i quote Rodrigo, he said the manager of the Bank didn't know why the account was frozen.
@_date: 2016-07-08 10:07:11
I wrote about this exchange a few months ago and i was accused of being Bolivarcoin and some other dude.
A few days ago there was an article in the online news site La Patilla, this site its one of the most viewed in Venezuela, the article was regarding Surbitcoin and its irregularities.
The next day Surbitcoin stop withdrawals and said that the Bot that connect via api to the bank has connection problems.
Then they said that the Bank frozen the account and the bank manager dnt know why. quote "They didn't know the reason the account was frozen. Banesco bank managers also didn't know. Only after talking to the fraud department they found out"
In Venezuela only La Fiscalía de Venezuela can froze a Bank Account.
So, trowing the cards on the table:
1- Someone went to La Fiscalía de Venezuela and told them that Surbitcoin its not giving his money.
2- There been a progress in Surbitcoin investigation and now they are closing its accounts.
3- Someone complain with the bank (unlikely this happened) 
There is also a new exchanger in Venezuela.
I got my popcornio and watching :)