@_author: bitcoinfirethrowaway
@_date: 2017-12-18 21:24:03
Cool man. If the words "white male patriarchy" are enough to lose you, then I won't consider it much of a loss. (FWIW, I am a white male.)
@_date: 2017-12-18 21:23:37
lol. I have never LARPed in my life. curious what made you said that -  was my overall tone a bit cheesy or something?
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:25:54
(using a throwaway account)
It's like getting hit by a goddamned lightning bolt. I have been interested in FIRE (Financially Independent Retired Early) for a while, but I thought I had at least another decade of plodding effort and boring index fund investments to get there.
It's humbling and it's disorienting to be suddenly sprung free from the hamster wheel of capitalist society. I recently quit my job and have no plans to look for a new one. I have to really reshape my story about who I am, what's important, and what I might do with my future. Because I'm no longer preoccupied with holding on to a job that I didn't altogether love. 
For me it's not about lambos or other personal luxuries. Satoshi created Bitcoin in order to create positive change in society. I want to be a part of that. I don't have nearly enough coin to start my own Pineapple Fund, but I do have enough to take care of my basic needs so that I can devote my time and energy to helping others and making the world a better place. Focusing on leisure, luxury, and self-decoration would just feel hollow. 
Becoming financially independent via Bitcoin specifically gives me a lot of courage to challenge the incumbent power structures in our society. Challenge the banks, challenge the federal government when it oversteps, challenge the white male patriarchy. Challenge all of the things that are often too big and omnipresent to even see clearly, let alone challenge. Bitcoin boldly demonstrates a new way to challenge these systems, and to forge a path towards a more democratic, decentralized, consensus-based, human-centric future, I hope to continue on that path, and help determine where it leads.
@_date: 2017-12-18 21:23:10
Thanks - and good luck! I played with trading altcoins for a little while, but essentially it's just been the Bitcoin that really carried me.