@_author: bitcoiner-throwaway
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:10:26
You can check my history, still here, still exactly as I was back then. Still in the cramped room, still waiting, I'm still a believer even after all the craziness, and it has been absolutely crazy these several months/year. 
It's been tough, being on the bottom rung socio-econimic-wise, and watching millions materialise and de-materialise over time. Having no-one to share the ups and downs with, not even being able to express my lamentations here has been *very* vexing. This shit is high risk-high reward, but also incredibly high stress when you take into account it is lifetimes worth of money "appearing" and "disappearing" with little control over the outcome. No, I didn't panic or cash out, I have held almost everything I had since then, with the exception of looking after my modest maintenance costs, my simple life is as it was, and has been up to now. I can tell you though, the shift in price has taught me a lot about about myself, about life, about people, about what I really want. It's not every day the universe says "you can have it all- oops, it's gone now".... I have no doubt most people in my position would not handle it as calmly as I have. Luckily for me I never revealed my true BTC worth to anyone except my those closest to me and even then I kept it vague so this is mostly my own burden, that's meant my tribulations have been largely unnoticed.
As far as where I go from here, well, the mindset is the same, I want banks and governments to bend to a world that is beyond their control, I got on board to change the world, and I won't flinch until they bend to the will of a decentralised system that they simply can't dictate to. As time goes on it will become ever, and ever more evident that Bitcoin is growing, and from my perspective it is growing astonishingly fast. I got into Bitcoin when it was several cents per BTC, now, it is 600+. I don't see it's growth stalling any time soon and am even more confident that it will hit multi thousand dollar marks in the years ahead, but hey, I'm just a poor student living in their parents spare room. 
If I could offer any advice to others, I'd say, save in Bitcoin, don't save in gold (I tried that, I wasn't so good an investment strategy), but if you do, do as others say here, make sure you don't invest more than you are willing to lose.
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:59:31
Ironically, my ups and downs in daily life recently has had a greater bearing on my mental health than the price. It taught me a huge amount about what I value in life, and money, it seems, to my surprise was not the highest on my list of priorities, I guess it takes a situation where you are swimming in money to really establish where your true priorities lie.
Just know that even when prices get crazy, there are those of us that are quietly waiting.... I've been in this game for over four years and I'm not going to be cashing out like others have just because china, or gox, or because government, or some other petty bullshit.
@_date: 2013-12-06 12:01:54


For me it was never an investment. It was me putting my money where my mouth was. It was a gesture to show everyone around me that I embrace the views I espouse. I poured a little over half my very meagre life savings into a concept that was simply an amusing idea back then to most (this was in mid 2010). I did it because I am a person who has for most of my life ostensibly rejected society and the financial system that underpins it because it is a sham. I have watched friends and family get manipulated by a system that puts them into premature debt, completely consumes most of their waking hours earning money to pay off those debts, and to ensure they don't lash out are kept preoccupied by cheap and shallow entertainment, and largely useless consumer items. It is a system that favours the wealthy and ensures the poor stay poor. The most powerful Banks, and governments have been doing it for generations, and IMO this time honoured manipulation is beginning to unwind now thanks, in part to Bitcoin. 
I believe Bitcoin is going to act as an equalizer, where the poor can save, rather than take on huge loans and become far more empowered in the choices they make in life. It will also globalize trade in a way the existing financial system never could. I wanted to support the system in the early days, and I knew that buying some coins was a tacit act that was supporting it. At the time I wanted to spend it, but this was around the time of the 10,000 BTC pizza, back then I literally had nothing I wanted to buy in bitcoin so I just saved them until I did find something I wanted. Getting them was extremely hard back then so I didn't want to fritter away Bitcoins on crap I didn't need. Funnily it took years before I was in a position to actually want to spend my coins, and now my modest stash (at the time at least) is now worth a huge fortune.


Foresight is 20/20 of course, but I read the white-paper and followed the forums closely in the early days reading programmer discussions etc. From a programming perspective not a single person knocked it, that was when I knew Bitcoin could get very big. As a programmer I know the biggest threat to a system like this would be bugs. If the code was shoddy, or the ideas flawed, you can be sure a programmer will get very vocal, very quickly. It pretty much didn't happen. That's when I knew this technology was going to be big. 
As far as price is concerned. I have a strong belief it will hit 10k eventually, but I still wasn't expecting Bitcoin to hit 1k as quickly as it did. I thought that was at least a year or two off. 


Even without the recent price rise I was already a millionaire, now I'm a millionaire many times over. I should clarify though, I'm Bitcoin rich, cash poor, and probably will stay that way for a long while yet. One day I'll probably cash out a tiny fraction to give me a modest yearly income, but the rest will stay Bitcoin. Watching the price swings, and seeing millions appear, and disappear has been a surreal experience I must admit. How I've managed to stick it out is a bit of a mystery, 99.9% of people in my position would probably have been frothing at the mouth last april/may, and even recently. If I had done it purely as an investing exercise, I think I would have cased out a long time ago, only my principles have kept me in the game up to this point. I've come to the conclusion I either have cast titanium gonads, am utterly insane, or I've got principals on par with a religious zealot. But I'm also a "hardcore believer" as you term it, I'm not simply going to cash out and run off. I find the prospect distasteful and hypocritical. I believe Bitcoin is a driver for social change on a scale humanity has never experienced, so I will always be a Bitcoin supporter, not simply a cut and run investor. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 12:21:07
throwaway-69857457 has in part motivated me to chime in. I'm also probably what others would call an early adopter. I bought the bulk of my coins when they were still a few cents each. My life for the most part is exactly the same, apart from the fact that I watch the price daily and extremely confident that Bitcoin will continue to rise in value. I have done almost nothing with my coins, nor do I intend to in the near future. For better or worse, these coins are out of the network until I use them for things I actually want. I could at this very moment cash out, buy a very nice house and live very well on the interest for the rest of my life but I believe in Bitcoin too much and my conviction is too strong (I also feel I'd be an utter hypocrite that has completely betrayed my ideals to simply bail from something i so completely believe in). I share very similar ideals with throwaway-69857457 actually, the first time I read Satoshi's paper on Bitcoin I knew this shit was world-changing. I immediately began mining, then set to work trying to buy Bitcoins, it was incredibly difficult living in an out of the way place, very time consuming (took a few months), and extremely risky, since I had to send cash through the mail. I would have bought far more but I was a poor uni student with very little time and a huge workload, and I literally spent half my very meager life savings on Bitcoins to compound it. At the time it was a huge risk and I faced faced up to the very real fact that I may be throwing away a very significant portion of my savings at a dream that may be either a scam, or amount to nothing. Even in light of the risks I did it anyway. I did it not to get rich, but out of conviction, I figured since I yammered on about Bitcoins and none of my friends/family took me, or it, seriously I had to put my money where my mouth is and show them I not just believed in it, but also supported this crazy idea that Bitcoin was a better way.
I have no intention of cashing out, I believe in Bitcoin as the future of money. I do not live a life of luxury, I still live with my family in a small 4mx3m room, I am studying my PhD, and have a *very* humble lifestyle. The option of buying my own house is appealing but to be frank it's the simple things in life that have brought me happiness and currently Bitcoin can buy me very few things that I actually want. To be frank I find my wealth to be an unwelcome distraction at time as I often feel the temptation of what ifs and maybes since it really is a life-changing amount of money. But what I really want is financial and social change on a global level. Making myself happy is simply not enough for me, I want to do far, far more with this wealth than simply feather a nest. I hate banks, and I hate the obscenely wealthy. I want the general public to be out from under the thumb of debt imposed by these people, because only then will we have a world where men are truly free and truly prosperous. The Bitcoin network also provides what I believe to be a far more sustainable/accountable financial system compared to the current one. A money without borders, accountable and free for all with an unmanipulatable supply is unfathomably amazing IMO. Unfortunately the only way to do it is with money, obscene amounts of money, it is nowhere near ready to undermine the existing financial structure, but when it is, that is when I'll start using my Bitcoins, I'm secretly hoping the value reaches 10,000-100,000 USD/BTC, since I believe the only way to take these elites down is simply to take away their money, if there were an exodus to Bitcoin it would drain all the powers that be of their influence and buying power, fighting fiat money with fiat money is, as history has shown, pointless. We have to move to a system they don't control in order to rise to their level, and I believe Bitcoin is the way to do that. Some may read this and think I'm a little crazy, but to be honest, I think society in general is crazy to live the way they do, and I want to be one of those people to help knock some sense into them.
@_date: 2013-11-06 08:31:08
For me, the [plan has not changed]( 