@_author: bitcoinassociation
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:45:45
United States Senator Joe Manchin
US Senate 
Washington DC
Dear Senator Manchin:
I am a member of The Bitcoin Association, an industry group focused on Bitcoin and related technologies.
Thank you for taking the time to express your concerns regarding Bitcoin. Bitcoin and crypto-currencies in general represent a new, but exciting technology. We are encouraged and applaud anyone’s pro-active attempt to understand this new technology in their role as the chosen representative of constituents and the American people in general.
Bitcoin is a communications standard that simply facilitates the distribution of an asset ledger across a network. It is a revolutionary technology that, when applied properly, can provide us with improved transparency and fairness in our economy. Before the invention of the internet, our communication structures were centralized, cumbersome and inefficient. The internet has decentralized the sharing of information. Now, instead of mailing a handwritten letter to a destination around the world and waiting up to four weeks for a response, we can perform this same action in seconds via email and the Internet. This new technology has been incorporated into every aspect of our economy creating new innovative American companies such as Google and Amazon, robust job growth, American economic growth and a higher standard of living for all Americans. I’d ask you to please Imagine what the world would be like today without this technology.
As the internet is more than just email, Bitcoin is more than just a currency. The bitcoin distributed trusted ledger can be applied to any centralized source of data. The result is a more stable, secure, open and fair information system. Just as the case with the invention of the internet in the 1990s, no one knows the full extent of the positive benefits we as a society will enjoy from the application of this new technology. One example could involve the largest private employer in your own home state of West Virginia, Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart’s competitive strengths include its extremely efficient logistical systems facilitating the competitive pricing of goods and robust profits in a hyper competitive industry. Wal-Mart incorporating Bitcoin technology by accepting it as a medium of exchange could reduce retail transaction costs by up to 3% of their entire sales total. Wal-Mart incorporating bitcoin into its supply chain could reduce supply chain transaction costs and logistical friction creating further savings. The savings will boost Wal-Mart profits allowing them to concentrate on what they do best, sourcing and selling great products. Not managing their banking costs.
In your letter to federal regulators you highlight some of the risks of using bitcoin as a currency. You note that the price has been unstable and disruptive to our economy. Much of the price instability has to do with the lack of liquid bitcoin exchanges. We agree that bitcoin has evolved to be an integral part of the US and global economy and therefore requires the establishment of more reliable exchanges. This is why we view the efforts of Benjamin M. Lawsky, New York State Superintendent of Financial Services in providing more clarity to those entrepreneurs who want to create jobs, with great interest. We believe this clarity will open the door for the establishment of large, liquid and reliable bitcoin exchanges in the USA. US based bitcoin exchanges not only may help solve your concerns about price fluctuations but they may also create new job growth and economic growth in America.
You expressed concerns regarding bitcoin facilitating illegal activity. These are concerns everyone shares and we, lawmakers, regulators and industry, need to address them together. Regulatory framework can be put in place that balances the risk of bitcoin use in illegal activities while maximizing the legitimate economic growth we are already enjoying from bitcoin. Already the USA is home to some of the largest and most well respected bitcoin companies in the world such as Bitpay, the largest bitcoin payment processing company located in Atlanta, Georgia and Coinbase, one of the world’s largest online wallet providers and online marketplaces located in San Francisco, California. These companies are creating new jobs and real economic growth and will continue to do so in the future. Bitcoin companies may be the world’s future “Googles” and “Amazons”, and they are American companies leading the growth of the global bitcoin economy.
Your concern about the recent failure of Mt. Gox is valid. We, as an industry share your concerns. Before our parents and children are willing to use Bitcoin, they must be sure that they can trust it. We as an industry understand and agree with those concerned about this. The entire Bitcoin and Crypto ideals resolve around transparency and trust. The failure of Mt. Gox, in the same manneras the shut down of Silk Road, represents a milestone transition from the innovator to the early adopter stage of Bitcoin adoption. If this transition is to be successful, we as an industry understand that transparency and trust must play a key role in our process.
Most individuals and institutions in the bitcoin economy have exemplified the highest level of integrity and transparency and a notable list of industry leaders were active in making statements about transparency in the wake of the Mt. Gox shutdown.
Please hear us clearly Senator. We share some of your concerns. Many of your concerns need to be addressed and resolved if this incredible technology and the promise it represents is to thrive and prosper. It is prudent to pro-actively address them. Working together lawmakers, regulators and industry can and will find solutions to these challenges. We are looking forward to collaborating with you in the creation of a common sense regulatory architecture that enables innovation while at the same protecting the public.
Best regards,
Greg Simon
Founding Member and Member of the Government Outreach Committee
Bitcoin Association
David Mondrus
Founding Member, Bitcoin Association
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:08:49
You guys are doing great work for the Crypto community. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:06:48
Greg Simon and David Mondrus of the Bitcoin Association presenting at the University of Nebraska Business School, discussing how the positive disruption of Bitcoin and Crypto currency technology will bring us a more fair, transparent, prosperous and compassionate society. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 16:03:56
Currently the Mt.Gox bankruptcy proceedings are about to enter the “liquidation” phase. This means that after some due diligence the Japanese trustees may sell off the remaining assets of Mt. Gox and use those proceeds to reimburse creditors and customers in an order that the trustees determine. This would most likely result in an outright sale of the remaining 200,000 Bitcoin held at Mt. Gox.
One of the Bitcoin Association’s key concerns regarding these proceedings is that the Bitcoin held and lost by Mt. Gox should be considered the property of it’s customers and not of the corporation itself. We believe it is important for the future success of Bitcoin that all exchanges, courts and others recognize Bitcoin they hold for customers as customer assets.
Consequently, it is the position of the Bitcoin Assocation the coins held under custodianship by the Mt. Gox trustees are the property of the customers of Mt. Gox. To the extent any plan offered will assist in the timely return of these customer assets, making the customers as whole as possible, the Bitcoin Association would be in agreement with such a plan.
We support the concept of any plan which states it will return customer assets and we would challenge any plan sponsors who did not follow through with this commitment or any court who seeks liquidation rather than return of the assets or any party who seeks to use the remaining customer coin for purposes other than return to customers. We also support a more full and transparent investigation as to what happened to the remaining missing Bitcoin. Thus far there has been no indication that a serious and sophisticated investigation proportionate to the size of the theft is under way.
What has happened at Mt. Gox is not a failure of Bitcoin. It was a failure of one company. The situation is far from ideal and has caused pain for many. Be it continued court proceedings, immediate liquidation or efforts to return the coin, there is no ideal solution to what occurred and nothing will magically undo the damage that has been done. At this stage, the best possible solution is to return the proportionate share of customer assets remaining.
The Bitcoin Association plans to attend the negotiations and will participate as a neutral independent observer representing the some of Bitcoin and Crypto currency community. We have no specific financial or organizational relationship with any party involved. We have some members who have coins which were held at Mt. Gox but no other financial interest. We are receiving no fees for our participation. The Bitcoin Association seeks to help the customers be made whole as soon as possible, to provide more transparency and work with the community to reduce risk points such as reliance on trusted parties in the future.
Best regards,
Greg Simon
Founding Member, Regulatory Outreach Committee Chairman Bitcoin
The Bitcoin Association is an industry group focused on education and advocacy for Bitcoin and related cryptocurrency technologies, working with charities, governments, businesses and individuals.
The Bitcoin Association is committed to openness and transparency and has pledged to convert all officer and board member roles to a token-driven vote system which is fair and flexible.
This process is complex and evolving and the Mt. Gox failure the result of criminal actions and negligence with large scale impact. There is no ideal solution apparent. We welcome proposals, thoughts and ideas from members, Mt. Gox customers and those in the community regarding actionable alternate plans or support of liquidation or other courses of action.