@_author: bitcoinandfood
@_date: 2018-01-20 06:57:20
Created a throwaway for this (to retain my original accounts anonymity), but I own a restaurant in Los Angeles and would be more than happy to take a payment with lightning network for a food delivery order.
We don't normally make pizza, but we could make a damn good 2 pizzas for this occasion and could deliver it anywhere in the area. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 02:53:57
We're in Sherman Oaks 
EDIT: Originally I had posted that I would message details if desired, but I think its premature for me to get any benefit from this post. I'd like to do the work and offer something to bitcoin before considering messaging/posting anything related to our name. I really appreciate your support, however, and hope this doesn't read as dismissive.
@_date: 2018-01-22 02:25:04
Happy to see upvotes on this post. Can anybody point me to some resources on setting up a way to accept a lightning payment? I'll set it all up and offer food delivery paid by lightning network for a day. 
I have been involved in bitcoin since 2013 and this whole action could seem as a sort of shameless self promotion, so if it reads at all as that, any suggestions on ways to make this offer purely a support of bitcoin and lightning network I would welcome with open ears. 
Satoshi's anonymity and the fact that bitcoin has grown without a figurehead and spawned such a large movement is something that is very special to me. I'd love to go about this in as ego-less a way as possible, to support what I view as one of the most special parts about bitcoin (that it wasn't created for personal glory, but rather to offer something of utility to the world).
@_date: 2018-01-22 03:17:16
Sure thing — I'm doing some research on my own right now and downloading some stuff to try to start setting this up (still, any technical people's knowledge would be very helpful and welcome). 
Will post an update if/when I'm able to figure it out and set it up
@_date: 2018-01-22 03:44:58


I am running a full node. Currently reading through this: 
Will start by running on testnet to get familiar with it. Thank you for your link — it is a bit over my head unfortunately. Anybody that can offer a little more clarity, or can point me somewhere that explains it a little further, would be much appreciated. 
This is a good start though, and thank you.