@_author: bitcoincashlover
@_date: 2018-01-03 23:41:37
Damn. I don’t want to have to use BitcoinCash just because you people cant support SegWit.
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:14:52
Yes, I heard the same thing. Looks like some of the former supporters of Core who singed up for 2X got their nose out of shape when CSW started talking about BCash making Bitcoin Legacy into a past tense. Who could have imagined that Bitcoin Core would ever loose its rightful place as the holders of the keys to the kingdom? Not me. I loves both Bitcoin and BCash because Bitcoin is a store of Value, and the other one is probably good for something, even if it is wiping my nose. (Kleenex)
@_date: 2017-10-22 01:26:37
Thanks for that. I really had no intention of coming across as knowing anything more than I do. I am a fan of Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash, that's all. I suppose I am not really understanding the culture here on Reddit and will drift away soon, hoping I have not annoyed too many folks. 
I am not sure what response I will get from the Deadalnix guy or the bit main people, but if they are half as helpful as you folks have been I should be able to navigate through the next stages of bitcoin's growth and help my family and friends around the world.
I am going to wish an early happy holiday season to everyone and thanks again.
@_date: 2017-10-21 22:29:43


Got it. So you are concerned about people, like me, who have some Bitcoin Cash, that we are getting F***ED over. I appreciate your concern and I will see if this developer, deadalnix and the people at bitman can confirm they are working against the interests of Bitcoin Cash users. Seems like something I shoul dbe able to find out by asking some questions.
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:51:23
Actually I don't think that it is the majority of users that make people feel uncomfortable or simply not welcome. I am pleasantly surprised that you have taken the time to speak to me about this issue. I will make a point of talking directly to the others who have responded and hopefully will garner the same respect I might find with a chance encounter on a walk in the park.
@_date: 2017-10-21 18:42:11
Of course I want to discuss both Bitcoins. They are related.
Are you a moderator?
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:54:51
"Show us on the doll where mods touched you." I think you just did it for me, although I have no idea if you are a mod. Being removed for speaking rationally is not a kind of engagement. You know what that is called, so let's leave the harsh talk for now. I am not complaining, as I said in the original post. I have also not been removed, so that is nice too. Aside from a little edgy comment, it is nice to meet you chocolatesouffle3.
@_date: 2017-10-21 22:44:21
So I have finally found someone who is a moderator. Thanks for identifying yourself, twoface123.
I am discussing both Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash, which I understand you prefer to call Bcash and insit that for you it is an alt-coin. I respect your decision to call it that and to tell me that I am not allowed to talk about it here, because you are a moderator, and that it the moderator's rules.  Can you point me to the rule page. Obviously if I know where the rules are kept I will read them, and abide by them. Can you show me where you keep them please?
@_date: 2017-10-21 03:09:04
I have only done some basic research since August and I now have Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash. If you call it BCash it is pretty obvious you are trying to minimise it's usefulness by removing the part of Bitcoin Cash that existed before August 1st. I find it useful. Is that not OK with you?
And I don't have to look at developers. I know nothing about software programming. Simply learning about a new type of money and trying out the two types of Bitcoin should be ok.
I also respect your opinion that you think Bitcoin Cash is "just" an altcoin (see above) and a centralised one (which I don't understands I control my private keys) and what someone else like Roger Ver says or does about anything is not important to me.
Are we good to talk or not?
@_date: 2017-10-21 04:32:16
Took me a minute to understand what you are saying. You mean the people that mine, develop and run nodes for Bitcoin Cash are centralised? I have never heard of that before, as I understood many different people mine, and there are at least 4 dev teams creating software for Bitcoin Cash.  I suppose any one of them could be motivated to steal my bitcoin cash, but there doesn't seem to be a good reason to do that so far. Why do you think Devs want to steal bitcoins?
And again I am sorry but Roger Ver has no impact on what I do with my private Keys so I am not sure why his name keeps coming up. 
@_date: 2017-10-21 22:34:48
Yes, that is why I use Bitcoin Cash because it is how I am using it. Bcash sounds like a slang punk term for money with a bitch-slap. I don't like it.
And I agree that the only reason for the split to take place is because there was enough people that did not want to pay high fees for no good reason.
On the Dev front, you and Hark- have convinced me that I need to expand my world and talk to the developers and supporters of Bitcoin Cash and find out how they are using the people using Bitcoin Cash for their own interests.
@_date: 2017-10-21 18:28:07


I think it is pretty obvious that some people wanted to go back to a Bitcoin which could be used as cash, without the high fees. I didn't need to follow blindly, and only needed to know that I had a choice for "Store of Value" and another choice for "Bitcoin Cash".
I am pretty sure that the people at Reddit that suggested I carry on a balanced conversation, were not suggesting I carry it on in a vacuum, and the fact that you have remained civil, while trying to get me to leave, indicates there is more humanity in this group than I was told there would be.
I use Bitcoin as a store of value. I use Bitcoin Cash to transact as I see fit. I also LOVE BITCOIN but not for the same reasons I am a BitcoinCashLover.
Are you a moderator here?
@_date: 2017-10-23 13:06:13
Thanks for the link. I will have a look.
All the best.
@_date: 2017-10-21 04:26:51
I don't look at the developers of the software I use for productivity in my work, why would I look at developers for Bitcoin? They obviously know what they are doing as both Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash are working well for what they are intended.
@_date: 2017-10-21 22:59:08
Ok, you may be right and I may be wrong. The news about ETH comes up on Bitcoin blogs, and to me and all indications are that smart contracts and the failed splits have only resulted in people speculating. The ICO craze is another example. I don't have to research the technical details to see headlines about something that just doesn't work.
You think I am misguided and and just flat out wrong. OK.
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:58:27
I see where this could go so let's step back. I like the idea that created Bitcoin and I gather you do as well. Currently I like Bitcoin Cash for making transactions, and it seems you are someone who likes to hold bitcoin. Am I right? If so we have both found the Bitcoin that works for each of us, and if my Bitcoin Cash was a useless altcoin I too would avoid using it. Can we keep the conversation about this focused on what we like, and if you don't like what I like then you can ignore my comments?
@_date: 2017-10-23 13:05:09
Thanks for that explanation. I am not a moderator here, however. I signed up because I wanted dialogue about Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash. The effort required to simply have a discussion is beyond my scope and I am not going to follow reddit on these matters.
Again thank you for your help and for showing that this forum is not really different than the real world, where people talk about what they want with who they want.
@_date: 2017-10-21 18:46:20
I don't want to use anything that does not use the proven Proof of Work that Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash are using. Nor do I have the time to learn about ETH, IOTA and NEO (Sounds like a three pronged curse).
You said it is important to understand Bitcoin Cash is not Bitcoin. Do you mean for you, or for me?
I have read the article but I don't see where it states that there cannot be two Bitcoins that exist for different reason. Is that the issue for you, that you think there can only be one?
@_date: 2017-10-21 04:17:51
From what I can see Bitcoin Cash is serving a different function, much like the difference between a Savings account and a checking account, except I don't need a bank for either.
"Part of Bitcoin is also community" is like saying "Some money is community" when it is really just money, capable of being used for anything, including savings (investment) or cash.
Having some of both does give me a hands on way to see it. Can you post an address here and I will send you a tip for your help.
It is really appreciated.
@_date: 2017-10-21 18:32:14
I hear your opinions and I sense from your language that you are angry about something, but I don't understand why? Have you had the value of your Bitcoins "fucked over"?
If so then I do understand. Were you expecting the value of Bitcoin to be much higher than it island you blame the people you mentioned for not giving you a higher value.
If not, then I remain confused.
@_date: 2017-10-21 03:00:50
Thanks for your understanding.  I have some Bitcoin and some Bitcoin Cash now, and it makes sense to hold the Bitcoin and spend and replenish the Bitcoin Cash as the costs to use it are much lower. I am happy to learn why you think core is better. 
@_date: 2017-10-21 22:38:57
There are huge gaps in my knowledge base, and yes, I think I can explain what the bitcoin blockchain looks like and how it works. ETH is currently another speculative blockchain that may or may not become useful for anything other than ICO fundraising.
As for being speculative, that is the use of my Bitcoin, and for when I want to make purchases, Bitcoin Cash.
@_date: 2017-10-21 18:41:19
I do understand your concern with people loosing trust in Bitcoin. My observation is there are more people coming in all the time, and even those who have gone to other coins/alts/tokens are still interested in the success that both Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash are enjoying.
And you are right. I had made an incorrect assumption based on things I had seen written on Twitter and in the Bitcoin News sources. I assumed I would not be able to carry on a logical conversation and that my messages would be banned, and that I might even be removed. 
I am glad I was wrong, and I am glad there is no consensus to treat people unfairly here.
I also appreciate your invitation to ask questions, but I have noted it gets harder to find my message thread over time, so I guess the best way to ask a question is to start a new thread, correct?
@_date: 2017-10-21 03:27:31
That link that you gave me was an opinion piece written by Samson Mow, and employee of Adam Back and Greg Maxwell, who was at one time a very nasty guy in the way he spoke to anyone who disagreed with him. An example of why core is better than cash?
Not very convincing.
@_date: 2017-10-21 04:24:24
I am not clear how you can tell me that one of my Bitcoins is not Bitcoin,when in fact it does what I need it to do, and up till August 1st it was part of the same Bitcoin you use. I am not a programmer and I only understand that a group wanted to make Bitcoin Cash soit could be used by everyone with lower fees. I liked the idea enough to call myself BitcoinCashLover because of the cost to use it (as an example, I really like the Yours.org network better than Reddit because value is transferred at little to no cost.). In fact I am pleasantly how cordial you all are.
My brief understanding of the August 1st fork is that is was a reset for anyone who wants to use Bitcoin for day to day transactions a lower cost. Am I right?
