@_author: bitcoinz
@_date: 2011-06-06 02:36:28
what 54mf said :P
@_date: 2011-06-06 04:10:26
Perhaps when they're ready for testing we can send you some BC debit cards to distribute to your clients. You could market it it as a points or rebate card.
@_date: 2011-06-06 02:02:52
If I planned on using BitCoins in everyday life, I would rather carry one card than have to pay extra to buy multiple cards that would have to ship in every week.
@_date: 2011-06-06 03:39:32
Since you have a business accepting BitCoins, it would be really great to involve you in some early testing. We really need the feed back and the real world experience of businesses. Email me if you're interested.
@_date: 2011-06-06 13:51:04
exactly what I was thinking!
I should contact them about the idea.
@_date: 2011-06-06 03:15:56
Will do. I'd love to have your input and ideas for the project. my email is m3lch1zedek
Feel free to send me any comments and/or suggestions.
@_date: 2011-06-06 13:31:48
Agreed, I still think it has a few limitations though. One of them being the annoying thing about accepting change (which would require a second transaction directly between accounts, in which case why not just make the entirety of the purchase on that transaction anyway?). Check out ultra-long comment and let me know if that makes a little more sense to you or if you'd like to see something different.
@_date: 2011-06-06 13:44:03
actually, due to the exchange rate, I don't expect we'd find much more than 2 BitCoins in any given account unless the person was just about to go on a shopping spree.
@_date: 2011-06-06 01:52:08
The idea is that you would only keep the money you need for upcoming transactions on the server, the rest you would keep in your own private offsite wallet. The money that people would send to the account on the server would automatically be forwarded to your private offsite account, so the chances of you losing any money would be minimal.
Besides, what's the point of BitCoin if you can't use it in everyday life?
@_date: 2011-06-06 14:23:47
I agree with you on both points. 
However as I stated in other comments I just put the page up a few hours ago to start working on it. I didn't expect it to gain any attention for at least a few weeks. I must say I've been quite surprised. Also, the information was originally there it just wasn't very well put. I've now made it bold for clarity and am updating the page with more info.
As for the DDos stuff, we are looking at a variety of ways of countering that. Now unlike the general security features which I can talk about openly, obviously I won't give hackers a head start by talking about how we'll be securing against such attacks :P
@_date: 2011-06-06 03:19:34
I agree, I'm thinking maybe just a one time fee for the machine itself and then maybe the option to pay extra for features like buyer/seller protection or something. Not 100% sure yet. 
I also agree about the mobile solutions, however if you have a mobile can't you just send bitcoins anyways? So yes, mobile solutions would be interesting, but we'll only go there if we have something truly useful an innovative. We'll start by recreating a traditional debit card's features first. If you have any ideas for cool mobile features, please send them :) m3lch1zedek
@_date: 2011-06-06 13:22:20
Now obviously, when bringing BitCoins into reality it can't be completely decentralized. Even BitBills aren't completely decentralized (you are trusting them that they actually but 5 BTC on that 5 BTC bill and didn't remove it later). However, we are making a lot of effort to keep it anonymous (although think about it, when you walk into a store, unless you are wearing a mask, generally it isn't anonymous). If you have the time to read my rather lengthy response to ttk2 I'd love to hear what you think and where it could be improved.
@_date: 2011-06-06 01:12:58
Hi 54mf, 
I am the creator of the project you are commenting about. I'd like to say thanks for the feedback! I'm totally with you 100% on all of your comments. The very simple reason details are scarce and much information is missing is the fact that this project was posted mere hours ago. It was really meant as placeholder while we wrote something a little more complete and formal. We had no idea that it would attract any attention whatsoever, especially in such a short time.
About your concerns for security, we are experimenting with a few different options and thinking of actually providing a few different solutions based on customer needs (business users might need different features than buyers). One thing we did mention is that the account on the secure server would receive/send payments, but that anything it receives could be forwarded automatically to an address not hosted on the site (100% private). That way you only put the amount of money you need for purchases on the server and keep the rest in your offsite savings account.
@_date: 2011-06-06 14:07:51
That would really cool! Send me an email at bitdebit I'd love to team up with anyone interested. And yes, it'd most likely be something like an arduino. However it might be a little more complicated that you think due to an issue we are currently trying to find a way to address. I can explain in more detail via email.
@_date: 2011-06-06 06:49:53
First, many cards with magstrips or maybe chips will need to be purchased for testing and setting up the system. Designing the algorithms, graphics, system for them and then having them printed on test cards will likely be 500-1000$ Next we need to purchase the server hardware (or get a deal with a webhost) and pay for monthly fees for either the hardware or storeage/bandwidth. This will likely already bring us over 5000$ Then we need to invest into the necessary tools to build the server software. This won't necessarily cost money (other than for electricity) but it will cost countless hours of time. Next, we must develop the machines and software needed by the vendors to accept payments and get a deal to produce them. This will be another few thousand at least.
@_date: 2011-06-06 13:42:52
In terms of centralization, anonymity and security I think BitBills are actually riskier than what we are proposing. Imagine there are thousands of unopened BitBills in circulation and then one day... the BitBill company decides to empty all the accounts associated with individual cards into theirs. The worst case scenario (if I'm a totally evil person) with our solution is we steal whatever is on the server (people aren't expected to store more than they need for that day's shopping). So maybe like 5 BitCoins on average per person. The service then loses all credibility and no-one ever uses it again. Everyone offsite wallets are still safe.
@_date: 2011-06-06 03:22:45
I honestly have no idea who started when.
The reason we went with invested.in is simply because we are an international team and Kickstarter only works with US bank accounts. Otherwise they would have been my first choice. Must say I've been quite happy with invested.in so far!
@_date: 2011-06-06 13:34:27
Glad to hear it :)
We are looking into finding a way to make the smart card thing work (or at least something similar). I wish there were a way to make it a little more decentralized but for now this is the best I can come up with. 
@_date: 2011-06-06 13:28:01
If you look around at other responses on this comment thread or on the official project page I think it's clear that this would not be the private key to your personal wallet. Instead it would be more of a rechargeable intermediary, like a rechargeable gift card. You would have your private offsite account(s) and you could put the coins you need for upcoming purchases into your BitDeBit account. If you need say 10 BTC for shopping that day, add 10 BTC, do your shopping, and then recharge it again before you go shopping again next time. That way nobody but you ever has full control over your money. I agree it still needs refining, but I hope that it makes a bit more sense now. I would love to hear your ideas about it! Shoot me an email or leave some comments on the official page :)
@_date: 2011-06-06 13:47:04
That's a really good point. We do need to avoid government control. Right now I personally am in Canada, but we have people working on this project in other parts of the world. I think you're right, we need to be careful not to be under any specific government's jurisdiction. At this point I think the best solution is to find a nuclear bunker somewhere in a country with laws that are favorable to us :P
@_date: 2011-06-06 15:45:55
Clearly the original project page didn't contain enough details and left many of you (understandably) skeptical. It has just been updated with a ton of new information that should help everyone get a better feel for where this is going. I invite you to read through it and if you have any questions don't hesitate to ask them :)
@_date: 2011-06-06 13:14:22
First, let me say that I totally hear you about retaining ownership of your private key and anonymity. Unfortunately because we are still working on an update to the project page, details of how this will work haven't really been well communicated yet. First, about keeping your private key, the idea is that you could use this a bit like those rechargeable credit cards you can buy. You would have an offsite wallet (or many) that would be 100% private and owned only by you. When you want to add a little money to your BitDeBit card, you just send what you need over (say 10 BitCoins). Once you've spent 8 of those, you can then choose to add 8 more. That way, nobody actually has your real private info, and you can still shop. Because the BitDeBit server (after 10 minutes of you adding it) can certify that you really do have enough money to pay a vendor, transactions can be instant (the vendor will not have to wait 10 minutes to see if your payment cleared before he gives you your coffee). To sign up for the service, you would need to buy a card (either online or in a store) and simply activate it by entering it's number on your account on the server, thus linking the card number and your account number. Signup will only require a username and a password. Other contact info will be optional but can be used if the user thinks they might lose their password or thinks their account has been hacked. This is the way we envision most people using the service. 
We also have plans for other ways to use the service. We are thinking of making the vendor machines compatible with smart cards which contain a users .dat file. Users would not even have to get the cards from us, they can make them at home (although we will offer them ourselves as well). However, the drawbacks are that the vendor now has 10 minutes to wait for confirmation of the purchase. Personally I find this less secure since theoretically the .dat file could be copied. I think this would be the most basic decentralized level of the technology, next would be the previously mentioned idea, next would be a solution meant for businesses. The business solution would follow the same concept as first mentioned with a server, but would feature buyer and seller protection. This service would not and could not be anonymous, however I believe it is necessary as many simply could not do business without a layer of protection and transparency. The idea is that people who really don't want to use our servers would not be left out and could still use smart cards with vendors using our tech, the average person would have a rechargeable payment solution and wouldn't have to wait 10 minutes, businesses and customers that need a bit more of a paper trail and assurance could use the full business solution which would necessarily compromise anonymity.
I hope that addresses some of your concerns :)
As for BitBills, I think they are pretty cool, but have a few things to fix before they become usable. While it's true you can keep them unopened, I think there are still a few limitation:
1- They are less secure (can be forged more easily than paper money)
2- They are more expensive
3- Seriously, how many plastic cards do you want in your wallet?
4- To accept change you need to keep your public key around with you and wait 10 minutes to have it transfered to you each time, so you basically have to make multiple transactions (and wait 10 minutes to have it verified)
5- You have to wait for them to ship to your house. This could potentially be changed if ever they gain widespread use (which, because of the limitations, I doubt). 
6- It's like having a store selling paper bills for face value + extra
@_date: 2011-06-06 15:34:38
Also I just updated the page with more in depth details now. This should help clarify a bit :)
@_date: 2011-06-06 13:49:14
True, hadn't thought of that. Thanks for clarifying. I think I might actually buy a BitBill or two out of curiosity. Maybe we could even somehow integrate them into our system (add a qr code reader and stuff).