@_author: bitcoinbyte
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:07:06
Well put and we'll done Simon. 
Bitcoin is!
@_date: 2012-11-03 16:46:28
Overall, the fear of the monetary overlords is palpable - Just wait till the 'Bitcoin true' service emerges! 
Tks to  
@_date: 2012-11-08 17:56:08
This is it:
All Bitcoin news and latest updates
@_date: 2012-05-02 00:12:41
You can avoid downloading the entire Blockchain if you use the Blockchain.info App for iPhone or Android. 
@_date: 2013-05-09 06:09:33
Unfortunately, despite London submissions, the local editors spelt my surname wrong! Michael Parsons (not 'Carsons!') -see  |
And, thanks Dreissig for providing us with an English translation.
@_date: 2013-03-18 15:38:56
Or just go here:
Bitcoin info, recent Bitcoin stories and Bitcoin links. 
@_date: 2013-05-14 23:07:26
Here is the other linked part of the FT Bitcoin article:
Q&amp;A: Why fear Bitcoin?
By Sam Judah
What is Bitcoin?
Bitcoin is a decentralised currency, so it is not issued or guaranteed by a central bank. It exists predominantly in digital form – besides a small number of notes and coins that represent their digital counterparts, it has no physical presence. Transactions are untraceable, providing its users with almost total anonymity, which has sparked fears of abuse by criminal groups. Claimed to be the “first digital decentralised currency”, it is administered over a shared computer network, much like the one that runs the chat service Skype.
How does it work?
You can buy the currency on a Bitcoin exchange using regular currency (one Bitcoin currently costs $116), at which point it will be transferred to your digital wallet. From there you can send Bitcoins online to anyone else willing to accept them, or convert them back into a standard currency. New Bitcoins are created all across the internet by anyone running a free piece of software known as a Bitcoin miner. By solving complex algorithms, miners can unlock small amounts of the currency. However, the increase in the money supply is fixed, so only small amounts are released over time.
Who is behind it?
The project has its roots in the anarcho-libertarian hacking community, and was formally proposed in 2008 by Satoshi Nakamoto. Thought to be a pseudonym for a mysterious hacker – or even group of hackers – its inventor has since disappeared without trace. He released Bitcoin in 2009 as an open-source project that anyone could contribute to, with no governing institution or single owner.
Is it safe?
To date, the currency has proved very volatile. On April 4 this year a number of Bitcoin exchanges fell victim to hackers, causing its value to fall sharply. Six days later its value soared to an all-time high of $260, before plummeting to $130 just six hours later. MTGox, the main Bitcoin exchange, blamed a technical hitch which meant it struggled to process the sheer volume of transactions.
What can you buy?
Much of the trade in Bitcoins is simple currency speculation. Recently, though, a number of tech-savvy businesses – such as online dating site OK Cupid and blogging platform WordPress – have begun accepting payment in the new currency. Bitcoin’s inherent anonymity has made it a popular way to make transactions on the black market as well. Silk Road is an online marketplace primarily for drugs and other illicit products, and is estimated to trade items worth $1.22m each month.
Are we in the midst of a bubble?
Comparisons with the Dutch tulip bubble are rife. Many commentators claim that although intended as a currency, Bitcoins have essentially become a commodity. The most common explanation is that the Cypriot financial crisis caused savers in other countries to panic and purchase Bitcoins en masse. Worse, it is estimated that most of the digital currency is being hoarded, as investors hold out for ever higher prices.
FT page link here: 
@_date: 2013-05-14 23:06:18
I presented this yesterday at the "Future of Money"
All present were quite receptive to Bitcoin and asked sensible questions. Whilst a regulated Bitcoin online exchange goes against the philosophy of (p2p) Bitcoin, it is necessary in order to be able to operate bank accounts and take on board the KYC/AML risks and away from the banks providing the bank accounts to the Bitcoin exchange. 
FT page link here: 
@_date: 2013-03-25 03:15:35
I can help. How should I contact you??
Banking experience and Bitcoin knowledge
@_date: 2013-12-02 00:22:24
The physical Bitcoin is not bonkers, as set out in the article, but then more information is needed about the concept. Let me explain... 
The amount of bitcoins held as backing by the state that choses to issue commemorative Gold Bitcoins (the 'Coins') is always publicly verifiable from the Bitcoin address in the "blockchain" - the global ledger of all Bitcoin transactions and addresses (ie. 'accounts'). In addition, Bitcoins used to back the Coins will always be held safely offline in so called 'cold storage,' thus out of reach of potential hackers and malware. The cold storage would be subject to regular independent audits. 
Furthermore, as well as being a collectible item, the Coin provides the opportunity to hold bitcoins, without the attendant risk of holding the virtual Bitcoin in a wallet exposed to hackers etc. Yes there is instead the replacement risk of holding a physical coin of significant value. But at least it can be seen and touched at all times so one knows it is there. As humans, we seem to be more comfortable with that.  
Now for the gold content: the gold provides reassurance to the Coin holder that should the price of Bitcoin ever collapse, or become zero, then at least the gold element remains. In a way it is like a collar on the value of the Coin. There is no cap on each Coin's value; how high do you think Bitcoin will go to?  The Coin also provides an opportunity to speculate on Bitcoin whilst having gold value in the Coin as a comfort.
And finally I can explain the role of the independent company that supplies the bitcoins to back the Coins. This company is only taking the Bitcoin price risk during the time window between the marketing of the Coins and receiving payment for the Coins to be minted (or possibly already minted in small numbers on the shelf). A matter of a few days I would say. This would only be done in very small Coin quantities at a time and the price of each batch of Coins would be set according to the prevailing Bitcoin market price. 
I hope my explanatory notes help further understanding of the physical Bitcoin concept
@_date: 2013-01-23 11:18:17
Can do a room in London- rent in bitcoin. 