@_author: bitcoincolors
@_date: 2014-10-02 18:16:57
Yes, that's exactly one application of this. The public key of the owner is on the blockchain, and the owner of the corresponding private key can prove that by signing a message, just like how they sign over bitcoin to someone else in a transaction.
@_date: 2014-10-10 12:44:38


I accept it's not ideal. But people don't have to maintain servers themselves. They can rent them as an external service, and change providers at any time by modifying a field on the asset web page. You could make the same criticism of the web - that people have to maintain their own servers. But in practice it's not a barrier because a whole industry sprung up to provide this service for them, cheaply and easily.


The scalability problem comes when you need one UTXO per holder per color, which uniquely is not the case in CoinSpark.
I don't think having one UTXO per color issued will be such a problem, because there won't be *that* many colors ever issued, perhaps 1 billion in the imaginable future. Again, think about how many websites or domain names there are in the world.
And I don't think having one (or 2/3) UTXOs per person/entity will be such a problem, because there are a limited number of entities in the world, say 10 billion. CoinSpark is designed so that each person/entity can have one UTXO containing all of their colors.
The real problem comes when every node in the network has to maintain the full state of holder-balances for every single color. Then we can start hitting numbers like a trillion.


Yes, this may well be a great solution, I agree. For example  (not our project)
@_date: 2014-10-11 12:30:18


I would be interested in understanding why you think this. FWIW my own view is that by 2032 bitcoin will either be irrelevant, or a vital part of the world's financial infrastructure. In the latter case billions of dollars a year will be spent on mining, and no conceivable actor will have both the resources and the incentive to attack it.
@_date: 2014-10-02 11:44:01
It's a colored coins scheme, which enables other assets to be moved over bitcoin transactions. However it's unique in that it works with a standalone lightweight wallet on a user's computer instead of a web wallet or full bitcoin node that needs to store the whole blockchain. The wallet is a fork of MultiBit, which is the most popular desktop wallet out there. If you have a website, you can issue an asset in just a few minutes. 
@_date: 2014-10-10 12:48:16
It's a potential risk, but if this industry emerges, it will have far greater resources than independent mining pool operators who enjoy playing a role as global censors. The industry will be doing its own mining, even at a small loss, to ensure that its transactions get confirmed.
@_date: 2014-10-03 19:57:22
 just out
@_date: 2014-10-09 23:49:18
You might also want to take a look at 
@_date: 2014-10-09 23:34:15
Hi Vitalik.
Great content.
CoinSpark ( just released, solves the SPV problem by having each issuer take responsibility for providing an asset tracking server that responds to queries from wallets regarding the balance of the asset in each transaction output. We provide an open source server any issuer can run, or they can use our ones for free which track all assets, or they can use both in a redundant way, and they can change their minds any time. Since the holder is already placing legal/financial trust in the issuer, I don't see it as a stretch for them also to place some technical trust in the issuer as well.
As for the problem of a centralized exchange sucking money out of the system, I agree. CoinSpark will have a federated model where wallets can connect to multiple exchanges simultaneously, creating competition between exchanges that will drive spreads downward. The wallet will autonomously disconnect from exchanges that repeatedly make offers they can't fulfil, so this solves the trust problem. This same model can also be used to connect directly to issuers for purchase and/or redemption.
In my view the trouble with all the protocols in the MasterCoin/Counterparty/Ethereum category is that they scale terribly, once we have millions of assets and millions of transactions per asset. You can't track one asset independently of the others and the *network* has to know the full set of balances for every single asset. In CoinSpark the network ignores all assets (since it's built on bitcoin) and we apply the principle of asset independence so that the tracking server for each asset can ignore all the others. The mathematical model is unlimited different asset types per transaction output, so that one UTXO from the network's perspective can contain any number of different assets. Again, extremely efficient from the network's perspective.
Think about the web. It's a federated model, and each content provider pays almost all of the cost associated with providing their content. We've built out the same model for colored coins, and ultimately I think it will be much cheaper on a per-transaction basis, since the network needs to remember much less.
Anyway, maybe we'll get a chance to chat about this in Tel Aviv.
@_date: 2015-07-22 19:32:37
CoinSpark (coinspark.org) shares a lot of similarities with Open Assets when it comes to moving assets. However it is also a broader multi-feature protocol for using the OP_RETURN metadata field in bitcoin transactions. Alongside colored coins it provides notarized messaging, payment references and can be extended to many other things in a backwards-compatible way. More about CoinSpark and the whole metadata philosophy here: 
@_date: 2015-07-18 16:19:56
Actually blockchains without bitcoin and also without blocks go together quite well, i.e. you can create a blockchain-style consensus algorithm where each 'block' contains a single transaction. This can be useful for synchronizing distributed databases using multi-master replication, combined with per-row permissions based on public key cryptography.
@_date: 2015-07-18 17:08:36
If a=1, ..., z=26 then:
satoshi = 91
nakamoto = 90
nicszabo [sic] = 89
@_date: 2015-07-22 19:46:51
On why private shared ledgers should still be called "blockchains" (and why they're useful): 
@_date: 2015-07-22 19:35:25
This article might be of interest, on the subject of why to use blockchains for centralized databases: 
@_date: 2015-07-22 19:29:30
I understand your viewpoint. If you're interested in exploring the issue further you might find this blog post interesting:
