@_author: bitcointippercom
@_date: 2013-12-18 23:36:46
Hello lukestokes. Im bitcointipper.com representative. First of all I  appreciate you for using our service. We so sorry you had problems with it in the past. Few month ago bitcointipper was bought and management was changed. Now we are going to clean our reputation and do our best to prevent such problems in the future and take service to next level. We are near to renew website and working on new donation tool which will be represented in the middle of January 2014. We also want to add some features to existing services, to do them better we would like to get feedback from you.
Again sorry for any inconveniences you had, but we do not responsible for previous owner actions. If you have any problems or complains notify us through email bitcointipper or twitter. This is our temporary email, we are going to change it after website renewal. Follow us on twitter  for futher updates
@_date: 2013-12-21 23:20:30
Due to bitcointipper's fault applicant's messages were missed. As soon as we found it we immediately contacted him and as a result the issue is resolved. We return all the money which have been deposited to bitcointipper  + compensation. Will post here proof images if applicant do not confirm that the case is closed.
Bitcointipper made conclusions from this case and you can be sure this won't happens again. If someone faced the same problem dont hesistate to contact us via bitcointipper Bitcointipper are not going to stop. New donation service is developing at the moment and will be represented to the public at the beginning of 2014 year as well as new website design. Follow us on twitter  If you have any ideas or suggestions regarding our products let us know, so our services will be better
@_date: 2013-12-18 23:51:11
Hello viva1992. Im bitcointipper.com representative. We do not support  It has been left from previous owner. We do not have access to manage it. If you have any problems or complains notify us through email bitcointipper or twitter.
In order to solve your problem provide us with more accurate information what had happend and when