@_author: bitcoinestateplan
@_date: 2014-07-01 21:20:42
Agreed but do you have a plan (or the intention) to leave them to anyone after your death?
@_date: 2014-07-01 22:09:50
Good idea. Yes, this is something we are considering. It could even be just a 2 of 3 where we are there only as a backup. 
Technically, you can do this with our service right now as it stands. You can create your mult-signature transaction (or "split keys" at bitaddress.org) and only provide us with one of the keys in the body of your pre-written message to your recipient.
@_date: 2014-07-01 21:18:28
Your client is likely still catching up with downloading the blockchain transaction history. It will show all your transactions once it is finished updating. 
It is likely that you've spent these other bitcoins or they are sitting in one of your other addresses in your client. It is unlikely that you've been hacked because, if you were, they would not have left 3 bitcoins sitting there.
@_date: 2014-07-02 00:09:04
Thanks. Yes, I think there will be a huge demand for bitcoin consulting services at the "concierge" level. Just think of all the wealth being held by older, non-technical people who don't want to miss out on this wealth opportunity.
The value will be in the personal service side which any bitcoin expert can provide and they can use "off the shelf" tools and services like this one for their clients.
@_date: 2014-07-01 22:03:34


Agreed. We will first test market response, and if there is sufficient demand, we would automate the process and publish the open source code. Otherwise it would be provided on a limited "private client" basis.


Agreed. Unless we went the "private client" route and kept all data in house and off line.


Good point.


Good idea. The live phone call is a form of heartbeat monitor but not full-proof. Transactions in the blockchain would be interesting - not full-proof either but harder to spoof.


Good point although the message would have to be delivered to the recipient in clear-text unless they are crypto-savvy. In that case the message can be encrypted to their public key. 


Agreed. We would be an alternative to those services which also require trust. To remove trust is best although our service is designed in such a way that we never have all the information required to access the bitcoins. 
In essence this is a "shared secret" scheme where we do not have all the secrets required to access the coins. Our service should only be one of several tools that a person could use to convey their final wishes. This way there is never a "single point of failure."
Thank you for the excellent feedback. We will certainly ponder these issues.
@_date: 2014-07-01 21:39:54
LOL. We should definitely thank you then (less supply + constant/rising demand = higher price). :)