@_author: bitcall
@_date: 2015-05-05 11:36:00
Hey I could be very interested in this.
I am in the process of finishing off a web page that allows calls anywhere in the world charged in bitcoin. Site already works calls can be made but need to make it prettier and work on bugs with different browsers. 
At present I am converting my bitcoin to fiat and buying credit from my provider that way (I will be honest I trying to talk them in to taking bitcoin directly as well) so I could be very interested in your rates.
The issue you will have (I believe) is that firstly VOIP charging is a race to the bottom market wise. There is very little profit margins in wholesale voip mix that with the fluctuating price of the bitcoin does mean that my rates change fairly regularly. My rates currently are UK centered, but I have great rates to the US as well.
For me bitcoin is a perfect currency for telecoms, someone sends me the coin, they get the credit for the calls end of story. 
Side-note if anyone is interested in using a webpage for their calls and to pay in bitcoin drop me a message. I am trying to get some more alpha testing. My sites name is the same as my username 
@_date: 2015-09-10 14:00:11
Thank you Jim,
All the transactions that were pending got validated after I did a 'reset block chain and transactions'
Thanks again for making these fixes available in classic.
Have a great day 
@_date: 2015-04-08 09:18:11
Heard about BTC early but did not look at mining until it had already hit gfx mining. The issue was and is I was always an Nvidia guy and I use laptops. 
That being said I did use some faucets in the early days and got myself 1+ bitcoin which was a nice surprise when I reopened my wallet
I think it was 2012 when I tried to move money to Gox to buy when Bitcoin was $1.xx dollar but just had issues. This is my biggest regret as I had planed to get 100 coins but alas we live and learn
In later 2013 I decided to try and get in to Ascii mining. I got 2 miners at 40gb each and made myself 2.6 bit coins from them (which at the current prices is a bit of a loss but I still like that I mined my own coins) mining is now out of the window for me, I almost preordered a black arrow :/ which would have Crushed me  
Any that is my bitcoin story. Always know about it, found it hard to break in, now in 2015 its a easier to purchase but much more expensive. We see where it goes from here
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:25:30
Yes, and Yes.
Bit hit and miss really odd things happening over the years
Firstly in 2014 i was completely unable to download the blockchain (it would connect but the download speed was insanely slow via Core. (if i used a VPN it was fine)
Armory will only update the blockchain via torrents which I believe is similar to above. 
I had multibit a while, and that would have issues at times updating, and getting the $ ticker. Again via a VPN this worked first time everytime
My guess is that Virgin media would not block it because it would cause too much fall out however I do believe they tamper with, and restrict services on this port
@_date: 2015-09-16 12:55:52
the ability to pay for things will not decrease the demand for free.
However I am very interested in the idea of streamium mixed with a PayPerMinute or PerEp model. However I doubt the studios would sign up to this because it would be a borderless streaming application that would destroy their regional policies which make them lots of moneys. So I see it more as an creative platform for maybe launching home made shows/maybe in bands. 
Also a note that Bitcoin could allow large collectors of torrents to moneytise their collection as there is currently someone working on an idea that someone seeding a torrent would be paid by the peers that are leaching. This could in turn do the complete oppersite of what you state above and undermine the content market and putting the money directly in the priates hands not the creators. 
Interesting times indeed
Asidenote: does anyone know why my posts take 10-25 minutes to show up in a thread? All my other accounts instantly show my comments but this one is like a mod needs to approve it? might I have been flagged or something?
@_date: 2015-09-10 15:19:33
Classic to Classic upgrade should not need to import keys, mine was clean.
If you talking about Classic to HD, my understanding is that you have to create a new wallet (as they use the 12 word seed over classic) and then send the bits between the wallets. 
You can move Classic private keys in to Electrum and it works fine however because of the checksum you cannot move classic to say armoury.
@_date: 2015-09-10 11:50:26
Nice, sadly due to classic not being able to validate transactions since the start of the stress test I have moved wallets. 
I am going to install tho, to see if it can validate the transactions as its got itself in to a bit of a tizz with a number of unvalidated transactions. 