@_author: bitcoinsuisseag
@_date: 2016-04-20 01:19:38
You are welcome :-)
@_date: 2016-04-20 01:23:28


I'll let Guido answer this in due time. Atm, it is clear that rates are attractive, but it is not exactly clear exactly what the rate will be.


Confirmed - The Alpereum mine is running 24/7.


Again - I will let Guido answer on his plans, but from the side of Alpereum, we see so much which needs to be done in the Glarus facility and so much space to fill up, before even considering expansion. 
Expansion would also require much more staff etc. Likely, the Glarus facility will remain the only facility in the near &amp; mid term.
@_date: 2016-04-20 01:25:10
It will expand, yes. We'll get to a quite impressive size. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:47:53


Well - of course I care about how people view me. Don't we all?
With this stunt however, I totally deserve a bit of flaming :-) It's admittedly a bit on the flashy side, but the team is actually a good, hard working team and the club an important focal point in the North Copenhagen community. And the whole affair helps in putting crypto on the map. So bear over with me on this one.
Happy holidays all !
@_date: 2015-12-11 17:16:51
1) Quality hardware
2) Sample control prior, during and after batch production (samples discarded)
@_date: 2015-12-12 18:43:23
Thank you, but that would depends on what you want.
If the answer is extreme beauty and extreme security and complete trustlessness, the answer is no. There are better solutions.
If the answer is low cost, yet a high grade of security, the characteristics of a normal banknote + ability to pass on to others easily, then it is a good option. 
@_date: 2015-12-11 14:30:20
Thank you for the interest in our product.
We can't mathematically guarantee it, but we vouch with our brand for it.
Bitcoin Suisse AG main business is large scale Bitcoin brokerage, supported with a pan Swiss ATM network. It would be not smart to destroy our brand, which we have built in the last 2 years, with thousands of hours of work, to steal some bitcoins.
When buying a third party wallet, you have to trust the issuer and we advise our clients not to store their pension fund on the certificates, although they are created very cautious and from professionals.
Here you can find some information about what we did in the last 2 years: 
@_date: 2015-12-12 14:53:01
Please don't compare a Swiss private company with a track record of excellence, with the US Gov...
@_date: 2015-12-12 14:37:29
1) Production location would be obvious
2) Location of our key safe would be obvious
3) Hardware manufacture used in production would be obvious
4) What we consider our innovations would be revealed for all
5) Why do the effort in time and resources?
@_date: 2015-12-11 15:39:12


Do you mean which precautions we take - or "how" we guarantee? If the question is the first, please study our product specification. If it is the second one, we do so as a statement in writing
Bitcoin Suisse AG is a Swiss financial intermediary, active in the market since 2013.
When we guarantee something, we take on the liability. Thus - if a certificate is unopened, un-tampered with, yet compromised - we are liable, and our reputation destroyed. Under Swiss law, our entire management would also face long prison terms and steep fines.
You will find all data about the product in the various product description PDF's available for download on our web-site.
Precautions include:
- Strong "true" random numbers for key generation
- All key handling and final assembly done internally at our offices, not where the prints are produced.
- There is a four eye principle in place during key handling and final assembly.
- Keys are generated by our self-made software in a completely offline and windowless environment, at our offices, which are also to be considered a secure environment for purposes of financial dealings.
- Our software does not visually or otherwise display private keys to the operators.
- Private keys are printed and covered with a non-transparent scratch off layer as a single process.
- Keys are not stored outside of the certificates any longer than the time it takes to make the days production batch, are never left unguarded, and until nested inside their respective certificates, always under a 4 eye principle.
- The offline environment is wiped after each production batch.
- The spools of the printer involved in the printing of the private key strips are physically destroyed immediately after printing by fire, after each batch.
The issuance of physical bitcoin certificates constitutes less than half a percent of our business. It would indeed make no sense if we risked our name and reputation by issuing this product, if it did not meet the strictest of security and quality concerns.
All physical bitcoin products delivered by 3rd party, and perhaps especially those which are proprietary loaded, will always involve 3rd party trust. We make this very clear, also in our product description.
The big difference is whether one chooses to trust, what is often a private person or small startup from Hong Kong - or a financial institution which has been professionally working with bitcoin for several years in central Switzerland.
As to what needs our product fills - and why it is made as it is, please also refer to the product description.
Our product is analogue bitcoin cash, designed to be transferable between 3rd parties without the use of electronics &amp; internet, and without the immediate need for sweeping for concerns of compromised private keys.
We cannot secure them with BIP-38 or multi-signature or similar means, for the same reason. This would destroy their 3rd party interchangeable "cash" property.
We have secured the certificates against tampering, Ultrasound, X-Ray, Water, Tear, Probing, Solvents etc. to the degree possible while keeping costs at reasonable levels.
The clients who purchase our certificates are non-crypto savvy investors who wish to hold bitcoin as they hold their bearer bonds or gold bars - in the safe. It is also BTC-enthusiasts, who wish to surprise family and friends with a small, but nicely wrapped bitcoin present under the Christmas tree, or as part of company handouts at conferences etc.
@_date: 2015-12-11 17:44:32
Correct - the reply was nested at the incorrect level. I am sorry for that.
Video of production process is not something we would feel confident releasing. Nor the various suppliers of print and hardware, or in fact the complete detailed process of production.
The certificates are delivered to us as pre-made, high quality prints (encompassing features such as metallic inks and micro print only available on high end printing equipment) from a Swiss specialist factory. 
At this time each certificate comes as a separate front and back on a synthetic polymer, resistant to water and wear &amp; tear.
We then generate the keys and print these on scratch-off covered strips for insertion.
The only special feature in our label printing is, that we have taken this part of the process in-house, as well as the assembly and pressing. 
Our label printer burns the keys (in both WIF &amp; QR) into plastic strips (leaving no metallic or chemical inks) and a roller applies the silver scratch off layer as the trips exit the printer, just as at any printing facility.
Production does not take very long and (at least) two persons are present at any time, at least one being member of our senior staff. After the production, all memory is wiped and printer spools destroyed.
Sample quality control is performed, and the strips are then inserted into certificates, which are at this point not yet assembled. 
A non dis-solvable glue has already been applied to the individual certificate sides at the printing facility, and the two sides of the certificate is assembled and placed in a hydraulic press, once key strips and x-ray defeating foils are also inserted.
The certificates receive a matrix printed public key (address) and serial number on the outside and are sprayed with a chemical which prevents the add-on prints from damage from water and wear.
Each certificate is then high-res scanned and entered into the registry.
You get quite a lot for the 10 bucks we charge for a certificate, considering the efforts involved in the security, software, production and the production design. It is on our part, a labor of love.
@_date: 2015-12-11 16:19:43
We register the unique fingerprint of the matrix printed public keys on our certificates as a quick, yet a secure method of establishing authenticity.
We naturally record our funding transactions as well.
As to your security as a client in having your identity / scope of business safely protected, we are obliged to do so by law, and being Swiss - have absolutely no responsibility nor desire to cooperate with extra-national authorities, be it from the US, EU, Russia or China.
Switzerland has the best data protection laws in the world - and is probably one of the most independent and stable jurisdictions in the western world.
@_date: 2015-12-12 15:47:46


Only the certificates with a printed denomination (100 mBit, 500 mBit, 1 BTC and 10 BTC) must be pre-loaded. We also offer a generic certificate (no printed denomination), without this requirement.
The reason is that our certificates circulate and that we do not want recipients who do not take care to check the balance, being defrauded, thinking they receive BTC but just get a "blank" note.


Understandable. Always do due-diligence on a company, before you grant them any trust.
We have been in business for years, and we have sold certificates for hundreds of thousands of dollars in BTC-value. Not a single client has had any reason to complain. 


Only when we can confirm reception on the part of the client, is the certificate(s) loaded.


Collectors did actually not figure in our initial reasons for issuing the certificates. But we do now realize than many see them as collectibles.
As to people checking value etc, this one must naturally always do. But in our experience (and with the large amount of non-tech client we have) this is not the case.
We decided that since we would certainly get the blame for any "blank" certificates in circulation, we'd better make sure they were loaded.
But we do offer a generic certificate without a denominated printed value, which we ship unloaded.
@_date: 2015-12-12 14:50:31
Removing the 3rd party in your finances is possible with crypto-currency.
Supplying a physical bitcoin product w/o some level of 3rd party trust, is not. We aim to minimize that level, but we cannot remove it. 
At the end of the day, if you believe Bitcoin Suisse AG is crooked or unprofessional, you cannot trust our product either.


It would not be "cash" notes then. 
Who should hold the 2nd key? The initial certificate buyer? Put aside that each individual certificate production would then need to be done in cooperation between us and the initial buyer (imagine the cost in time and effort) and that we would limit the market for the certificates to the tech-savvy, then what would happen when the initial buyer would want to pass along the certificate to the next holder?
And if we create both private keys for the multisig - then what difference in trust as been obtained?
What if the note passes between people who are not bitcoin tech savvy? Anyone (and almost all wallet software) can sweep a PKey, but not so easy with multisig.
Those who propose BIP38 or multisig in a product like ours, do not understand the some of the key features we aimed to fulfill with the product:
- Low cost
- Transferable directly between 3rd parties
- Easy to use (no tech savvyness needed)
- Extremely safe (except from physical theft)
- Minimize trust issue, by offering the product from a Swiss regulated financial institution with spotless reputation.
@_date: 2015-12-11 16:12:48
See the comprehensive answer above with a list of precautions in key handling / assembly of certificates.
If you think of our office and personal security in general, this is classified, but naturally we have an extreme focus on our IT/security as well as our physical security, including that no single kidnapping of person or persons will render physical or digital assets in danger. Even simple low tech security measures such as arming (and training) even junior staff against outright attacks, are part of our security measures.
We take security seriously. We have to – or otherwise we have no place in the financial marketplace, crypto or otherwise.
@_date: 2015-12-12 15:37:52
We thought about this when we launched the product some 18 months ago.
The problem here is, that we are producing a paper wallet (although actually made in polymer), meant to be low cost, easy to use and at the same time, from a (more) reliable source than other physical bitcoin products.
The key client group was at the time of launch, Swiss non-tech savvy investors, who wished to be exposed to BTC, yet store the asset in their safe like they do their gold bars etc.
We also wanted a product which would be transferable between 3rd parties aka. we wanted the notes to be able to circulate. And they do to some extend in both Switzerland, Sri-Lanka and the Phillipines.
If we were to offer that clients submitted their own keys, and made each certificate for the individual client, this would both increase cost, and it would make the certificate unable to circulate.
We are not saying that a customized BIP38/Multisig physical bitcoin product makes sense - but not for a low cost / low tech physical bitcoin product such as our certificates. 


There are lots of beautiful "print it yourself" paper wallet designs on the market. But to avoid problems with counterfeits etc, we do not release the high-res / vector imagery of our wallet design.
@_date: 2015-12-11 17:15:01
The first part of your statement is correct.
As to the latter, physical bitcoin is a niche product. And while it is a step backwards in many respects, fulfills certain specific needs.
Just like we all appreciate and use phone and email for 99 % of our communication needs, sometimes a hand written letter has its place.
@_date: 2015-12-11 15:49:22
See comprehensive answer above.
It is true that theft is an incentive to be taken seriously. And so do we. Especially since our liability extends well beyond the company and its assets - but also to the responsible management. Fraud in finance is regarded as extremely severe crime in Switzerland.
We take a huge number of precautions against both external and internal theft. Not just in regards to our certificates but to our whole business, where we are one of (if not the) largest trading companies in the European bitcoin market.
That said, if one can remove the need for 3rd party trust completely, and if one knows what one is doing - eliminate the 3rd party. This is one of the great innovations of bitcoin that this is finally possible, also for electronically transferable assets.
But for a very small niece of people &amp; situations, a physical bitcoin product makes sense. And then we are there to provide it. We cannot eliminate the 3rd party trust issue, but at least we can ensure a professional product with Swiss quality in both related to the security and the physical properties, and produced by a respected and trustworthy 3rd party.
@_date: 2015-12-11 14:17:33
 thank's for posting our certificates :)
Here are some reviews from bitcointalk.org users about our certificates:
@_date: 2015-12-12 18:39:08


None taken but sure we do, what makes you think otherwise? Our complaints with making multisig/BIP38 certificates however remains the same. 
- Need to involve client and custom make certificate for that client alone.
- Client if passing on cert, will have to pass along that extra key, which is not stored in the certificate.
- All holders/owners need to be tech-savvy.
It would work for some kind of clients, namely bitcoin savvy ones, who intend to keep the certificate and not pass it along. But the work involved would be unjustifiable.
It would also render the certificate rather useless for circulation, it would disqualify ordering of certificates for non-bitcoiners, and it would make sweeping technical for the non-bitcoiners.
In short, we would likely end up with a product that would appeal to 30 people on the planet, all of them which have better options available.
Trustless multi-sig solutions cannot be made unless custom made for a client, and that rules out cheap production. It also narrows the use case and customer vase for the certificate.
It would certainly be worth while for an art object style physical bitcoin solution, or perhaps large denomination single owner certificates, but not for the product we indented to create.
You are however not the first to suggest multisig, so perhaps we should offer that in some future product.
@_date: 2014-03-16 13:07:34
Thank you everyone. We are now in contact with the BB-organizers, and are offering them our support.


If you are interested in our project to set ATM's in major Swiss population centers, feel free to contact us via e-mail. 
We expect this project to be realized very soon. 


Or do you think they're doing this out of the charity of their own hearts? Lol. Never change, r/bitcoin. Too funny.
Some minor profit will likely be generated by the ATM's themselves. Aside from that - we are offering to do this for the benefit of the Bitcoin community and in support of the BB initiative.
Sincerely / Mit freundlichen Grüssen
/Niklas Nikolajsen 
CEO - Bitcoin Suisse AG T: +41 (0) 79 681 8786 
W:  
F: 
Mühlegasse 18 CH-6340 Baar Switzerland
@_date: 2015-12-11 16:25:24
It is a paper wallet, designed to be transferable between 3rd parties without an immediate need to sweep. A form of bitcoin cash, without the high cost associated with the various similar coin products, and backed by a real financial institution.
Use cases:
- Durable cash alternative in various economies, large and small.
- Long term storage of bitcoin (esp. for non-tech savvy investors)
- Presents / gifts
- Analogue transfer of bitcoin between persons, where the need for mutual trust is exchanged with the need to trust a Swiss financial institution.
- Collectors of physical bitcoin / alternative money products
Out product is by now rather dated, and we shall be the first to admit that taking bitcoin and making them physical is a regression, not a step forward.
All the same, regression is not always bad. Sometimes the horse carriage simply suits the purpose better than the SUV.
@_date: 2015-12-11 18:27:56
Perhaps - but the probability of such printing errors are so infinitely minuscule, that we happily take that liability on our cape.
With both sample controls, and printing both QR and WIF, even if some digits would be missing, the key can be brute-force reconstructed.
@_date: 2014-06-04 11:31:15
Dear Everyone,
It is correct that Bitcoin Suisse AG (BTCS) have been requested to suspend our launch of our Zürich based Bitcoin ATM by the Swiss regulatory authorities.
In corporation with the authorities - we have also progressively suspended all our other planned ATM launches for the time being.
Find our press releases and other news here: 
Our official press release on the matter (English/German):


We expect to be back online before the end of June 2014.&lt;&lt;
 


Wir gehen davon aus, dass wir vor Ende Juni 2014 wieder online sind.&lt;&lt;
Our legal team is now corporating with the regulatory authorities in Switzerland - and we hope to be back on track with our ATM project(s) later this month.
We have no further comments to the ongoing case at this moment.
@_date: 2014-10-03 14:59:57
Indeed - we will make sure this is corrected in the next issue :-)
@_date: 2014-10-03 14:46:57


The binary number 11010 is repeated throughout the background pattern. All Swiss coins carry the same number of stars. It is a representation of the number of Swiss Cantons (states) in the Swiss Confederaton.
@_date: 2014-10-16 02:46:04
You can now order them on  :-)
@_date: 2014-07-29 10:48:33
Thank you! 
I can tel you it was not entirely easy here either, requireing a license as a financial intermediary and quite a few lawyer bills.
But now we can operate ATM's, without complicated compliance processes - but limited to CHF 500. 
Great news for all Bitcoin enthusiasts and professionals in Switzerland.
@_date: 2014-10-03 14:57:26
The certificates open up - similar to when you receive a PIN code letter from the bank.
The area containing the PKey is mildly perforated, but special features make it impossible to open and re-close the certificate without this being clearly visible.
The private key itself is printet on a plastic strip, along with the serial number and a QR representation. The printing is based on heat - and has no metallic components.
The plastic strip is covered in scratch-off covering, similar to a scratch-off lottery ticket. It leaves the (offline) printing environment this way, and no human eye has ever seen the private key, nor is it recorded anywhere.
The strip is glued between two sheets of metal foil, defeating any XRay or Ultrasound attempts we have made to read the key. The scratch-off covering prevents probing the bill through a small hole.
There are MANY more security features to our certificates, and most are mentioned in the official material, released shortly. But it is true, we cannot conclusively prove that we did not copy the private key somewhere in the process, and that all involved checks and balances are not part of a conspiracy to defraud our clients.
 
However - we are willing to put our company name on the line, and all of the reputation &amp; trust which has been built up over more than a year - from thousands of satisfied clients.
@_date: 2014-07-29 12:06:37
Actually - this is Fabian from Bitcoin Suisse writing at the moment.
You are always welcome to visit us in Zug, also without using any ATM :-) Just make sure you make an appointment first, and we'll be happy to show you around at our office, as well as in Crypto valley.
@_date: 2014-07-29 20:31:48
At the moment - we are looking at Lugano as a possibility. But it all depends on where secure &amp; cost effective locations and partners can be found.
Any citizen is allowed to use them, but unidentified users/addresses must stay within certain limits.
Our machines are set for CHF, but through contacting the operating center (each machine has the contact details clearly listed - as well as an online audio/video connection to the operational center) they can be reset to EUR in about 60 seconds.
@_date: 2014-06-04 16:14:53
Thank you very much for the tip! :) 
We will spend it wisely on promoting the Bitcoin cause in Switzerland.
@_date: 2014-07-29 12:08:09
Naturally we can give you exact details on the requirements of the Swiss regulatory authorities. 
Feel free to contact us on: info introduce yourself - and ask your questions.
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:15:51


Well - we are Swiss :-)
The design features the motive of "sitting Helvetia", the female personification of Switzerland, adapted from the 1873 Swiss 20 Frank gold coin (Vreneli).
A woven background pattern switch between a binary representation of the number of Swiss Cantons - and the "Rostblättrige Alpenrose" (Rhododendron ferrugineum), a flower coommonly associated with Switzerland (and usually decorating Helvetia's hair on Swiss coinage).
Commen western european symbols include Oak leaves (silver standard), Wheat (wealth) and Laurels (Victory). 
@_date: 2014-07-29 00:38:25
Our webpage now displays a somewhat more interesting message: 
It was not easy, but after two months of being suspended, we passed all evaluations from the regulators, and received a license to operate as a financial intermediary and digital asset manager. 
To sum it up: We are back in business, and so are our ATMs.
Thank you for your support!
@_date: 2014-07-29 20:47:10
Our reluctance to answer questions about regulations is due to the uncertain nature of them. Nothing in the regulatory world is set in stone. At any moment our mandate could be changed.
If people have a legitimate need for knowledge about Swiss regulations, we will help them or they can contact the Digital Finance Compliance Association: 
At the moment - we have a mandate to operate the ATM's at CHF 500 in/out - per customer per day - without enforcing KYC, and unlimited for properly identified and whitelabeled BTC addresses.
No identification is needed at the machine for use within the limits, but multiple use by the same unidentified persons/addresses is prevented through other means.
We do however currently run our ATM's (one is online, a second goes online Thursday, and a 3rd next week) at a initial limit of CHF 250 for unidentified addresses, pending evaluation of the safety measures by us and our regulators.
Our ATMs are meant as a convinient and cost effective way to provide Swiss citizens with MINOR amount of BTC/Fiat, often in combination with surrounding shops which accept BTC payments. 
Each machine is equipped with flyers in English and German, explaining their use and how to set up a Smart Device for use with BTC - and how to spend/receive BTC.
They are not automated massive BTC/Fiat exchange interfaces for large scale use. For that we recommend people contact our trading desk.
@_date: 2014-07-29 00:21:25
We are happy to report that the Bitcoin ATM's operated by Bitcoin Suisse AG will be online again, starting later today (Tuesday 29th July 2014) with the first unit - and with all units expected to be online at the end of this week.
Our press release can be found on our FB page: 
Direct link to Press release (EN): 
Direct link to Press release (DE): 
We thank the community for the support and concearn during the time it took to build the legal framework for operating ATMs in Switzerland.
@_date: 2014-10-16 02:45:05
They are now available for ordering on the site...
@_date: 2015-05-28 08:02:19
Thank you :)
@_date: 2014-03-17 10:39:22
The Lamassu machines we provide does not have the before mentioned encumbering features. A (modest) bitcoin purchase can be done in less than a minute in 3 simple steps.
However - to satisfy regulatory authorities concearned about money laundry, we have modified the machines to run with safe limits, automatic blockchain monotoring, automatic remote shutdown features, narrow focus web cam with live feed, alarm system, Switch supported dual internet connections, professional mounting on pillars, hotline support - and for events - instructional flyers and physically present consultants to support users.
It would however seem that BB has found another solution - and that our services will not be needed.
We wish everyone involved in the BB initiative much success with both ATM placement and the whole event!
/Niklas Nikolajsen CEO - Bitcoin Suisse AG T: +41 (0) 79 681 8786 W:  F: 
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:10:23
The official release is late next week (Oct. 10th 2014) - including all related material, design features etc. 
It would seem that someone has prematurely leaked the existence of the bills to Reddit.
We kindly ask everyone to patiently await the official release. We will try to handle however, the pre-orders made at info today - and we will deliver the newly printed product, but we encourage people to wait for the full presentation of the product, before making up their mind on purchasing.
The certificates will be priced very moderately, and it is a product, built to last. Denominations are 100 mBTC, 500 mBTC, 1 BTC and 10 BTC. 
We do not permit unfunded certificates to circulate. We send the bills unfunded, and fund them (or invalidate them, if lost) upon reception confirmed.
But we demand either BTC, equal to denominations of ordered certificates placed in escrow, or payment in fiat equal to the BTC needed to fund the bills, prior to shipping.
@_date: 2014-10-03 15:01:30
We comply with Swiss law and we are a regulated Swiss company.
If the US has any problems with our practices, we kindly ask them to take it up with Bern. We have nothing to say to them.
@_date: 2014-03-15 18:22:08
Dear Reddit-Community and Bitcoin Boulevard Organizers,
We have much sympathy for the "Bitcoin Boulevard" project, and we saw that they have not been able to get a professional solution in regards to Bitcoin ATM's for their grand opening March 20th.
If they are interested - we could send a team of consultants with Bitcoin ATM's from Switzerland - and install the machines, and help supporting the users &amp; merchants alike - with both ATM's and Bitcoin payment related matters. Our team could stay a few weeks if needed.
Our machines have been adapted for safe use and limited transactions - in order to comply with demands of European regulators in regards to Money Laundry etc.
If you are interested - please contact us - and we will make the necessary preparations.
Sincerely / Mit freundlichen Grüssen
/Niklas Nikolajsen
CEO - Bitcoin Suisse AG 
T: +41 (0) 79 681 8786
W: 
F: 
Mühlegasse 18
CH-6340 Baar
@_date: 2015-05-15 12:40:17
Thank you for your message.
Please apologize, I added the source of the picture on the left side. Btw. excellent presentation.
@_date: 2015-05-13 11:47:04
The feedback was mostly positive - a lot of the participants were from the IT department and they are impressed by the potential of Bitcoin and Blockchain technology.
@_date: 2015-01-09 20:58:11
Thanks for your message.
For large scale exchanges we recommend to contact us directly at info or call us +41 (0)41 544 12 51.
/Fabian Hediger
Bitcoin Suisse AG
@_date: 2014-07-29 00:29:51
If you refer to Bitcoin Suisse AG, we are located in Switzerland.
If you refer specifically to our ATM's, the first two will be online in Zürich this week, with more to follow in other Swiss towns very shortly.
@_date: 2014-07-29 10:52:41
They are indeed one way machines, our first 2-way machine not arriving from the manufacturer untill late August.
However - they are fully functional with SmartPhone - as detailed in this video: 
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:11:27
Yes, that's true. We will forward your feedback to BitXATM.
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:22:01
Yes that would be an excellent location. Furthermore we were thinking about the airport in Zurich and Geneva. We hope to place a BTM at one of this premium locations in the upcoming months.
/Fabian Hediger
Bitcoin Suisse AG
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:07:43
Yes we are also planning to place 2-way BTM's in Zurich.
We had following factors which lead us to decide for St. Gallen:
* a part of our staff lives in St. Gallen and therefore the cost for travelling to the ATM is minimal
* St. Gallen is the 8th biggest city in St. Gallen with 71'877 inhabitants and located very near to the Austrian and German boarder. That's especially good, due to the fact that our ATM's accept EUR and Swiss francs.
* We found with the Restaurant Hörnli a excellent location located near to the major shopping street and close to the train station with long opening hours
* St. Gallen is furthermore a university city with over 8'000 students at the university of St. Gallen. We hope to bring this new technologies to some of the students.
If you know good locations or own a good location in a major Swiss city. Please get in to contact with us at info
/Fabian Hediger
Bitcoin Suisse AG
@_date: 2015-01-09 15:49:31
We are looking for locations in the main Swiss towns. If you know a good location in Basel, please write a mail to info
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:10:32
Thank you very much. We try our best to provide an excellent service for our clients and spread the technology of Bitcoin to as many as possible. 
/Fabian Hediger
Bitcoin Suisse AG
@_date: 2015-01-09 19:18:00
Thanks for your response. We will forward your feedback to BitXATM.
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:40:02
Thank you for the work, which you are doing for the Swiss Bitcoin community. Especially for the exhibition at the money museum in Zurich.
Furthermoer I should forward warm greetings from Niklas to you.
/Fabian Hediger
Bitcoin Suisse AG
@_date: 2015-01-09 14:27:34
Yes sure.
St. Gallen:
@_date: 2015-01-09 15:18:58
Thank you very much.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:49:24


Oh - it did happen. It's a done deal!
@_date: 2019-06-14 00:35:26
Thank you for all the feedback and interest. We've assembled answers to some of the points raised in this single post.
The marketing presence in both arrival terminals (Europe &amp; International) of Zürich airport was leased by Bitcoin Suisse (BTCS) on a long-term contract, earlier this year (Feb/March). For more on this, see:  [
*&gt;&gt;Not gonna lie. That's a genius logo&lt;&lt;&gt;&gt; the artist &lt;&lt;&gt;&gt; It's the Swiss flag combined with the Bitcoin logo. &lt;&lt;&gt;&gt; The Swiss flag is a perfect square &lt;&lt;*
The current logo of BTCS was designed and developed in 2017 by the design agency Artlebedev:  [ It is indeed based on the merge of the Swiss cross with the Bitcoin symbol. While sqaure in general - also the cross, if viewed on complete line-length, compromises had to be made as to the various length/width ratios - to encompass everything.
*&gt;&gt; but I wouldn’t be surprised if Bitcoin Suisse is in fact a Joint Venture funded by Credit Suisse  &lt;&lt;*
The name 'Bitcoin Suisse' came from an internal pitch made in 2012 by BTCS-founder Niklas Nikolajsen, while he was working at Credit Suisse. However it failed to get traction inside CS itself, and Niklas subsequently with partners launched the venture independently in 2013.
There is however a great many BTCS employees with a past in Credit Suisse, including but certainly not limited to the CEO, Dr. Arthur Vayloyan, who has a &gt; 20-year past in Credit Suisse. So - while the name is in fact derived from Credit Suisse and many of those at BTCS have a past in CS, CS holds no stake in BTCS.
*&gt;&gt; Check out the name of the legal &amp; compliance guy.*
Yes - isn't that fun :-) Since Lars joined us early 2017 to take over as head of Legal &amp; Compliance, we must have joked about this 500 times, internally- and externally:  [
*&gt;&gt; This is for currency exchange, BTC to EUR? Very cool. Very big adoption step. &lt;&lt;*  
*&gt;&gt;  Owned by Niklas Nikolajsen, a Danish bitcoin millionaire &lt;&lt;*  
Bitcoin Suisse is a 6 year old Zug based crypto-asset broker &amp; crypto-financial service provider: [ is the oldest such company in Switzerland, and the largest in Europe.It was founded in 2013 by Niklas Nikolajsen &amp; partners, and as of march 2019, was majority owned by founder(s):  [ Today Niklas serves as Chairman and co-CEO of the BTCS group.As to the net worth of Niklas, you will have to ask him. Indeed he has recently stated to Danish News that this information was between him and the Swiss tax authorities:  [
What can be stated without saying too much is that Bitcoin Suisse today has a tax evaluation (end 2018) of CHF 188 million, equity of more than CHF 60 million, had very nice audited after-tax profits &amp; results in both 2017 and 2018 - and that Niklas is one of the very early documented lg. scale bitcoin investors and the largest single owner of BTCS-stock.He also recently purchased an stately home in Zug, Switzerland:  [ So while his net worth is not publicly disclosed, he probably does not need to borrow for a bus ticket...
@_date: 2016-09-09 08:02:24
Thanks coinradar. Very good explanation.
Yes the ATMs only dispense CHF. Here you will find a list of all our ATMs:
Our office is located 30 minutes south of Zurich in Crypto Valley Zug.
You can set an appointment with us at our office and you can sell Bitcoins against EUR cash. Large amounts are also possible.
@_date: 2019-09-21 20:43:47
To address the reoccuring questions:
*Are these IOU's? :*
No, these are actual high quality wallets, containing 1x key pair each - and they are not IOU's or claims against a 3rd party. They are what is called 'physical bitcoin' which is a wallet, where the private key is hidden until accessed, and where accessing it leaves clear visible traces on the wallet, a concept first mass produced by Casascius / Mike Caldwell in his famous series of various coins issued between 2009 and 2013 (and by us since 2014). This makes them usable for being passed between 3rd parties, but as correctly pointed out, introduces the problem of '3rd party generated keys'.
*Why we need an additional headache about generating the keys by 3rd party? :*
As stated, the major problem with 'physical bitcoin' is that you cannot be guaranteed that the issuer did not keep a copy of the private key. While we took a great steps to both ensure the certificates have the ONLY copy of the private keys and also had this process veryfied by a 3rd party in the form of a reputable Swiss notary, and while we have 5 years of experience and track record in making and issuing 'physical bitcoin', it could potentially all be one big conspiracy. So you are left with having reintroduced trust into something which is designed to be trustless.
Nevertheless - the product serves a niche. As presents. As a nice physical collectible. As a means of offline transactions between parties, even if short term (and the receiver is likely to trust Bitcoin Suisse, which is after all one of the oldest and largest Bitcon companies in the world, more, than some randomly generated key which you would then hold). As a means, however temporary, of holding bitcoin for those, who are not tech savvy and have little tme to study the topic at this time, as a means of getting people interested in Bitcoin. As a means of (in some jurisductions) to deal with compliance and regulary topics relating to money transmission and value storage. And many more...
So - in conclusion - we do not *need* 3rd party generated keys. But physical bitcoin do serve a number of niche use-cases, as also demonstrated by both the popularity of the Casascius coins, as well as our original 2014 series of certificates. We certainly do not recommend that you rely on 3rd party held- or generated keys, but in some cases it can make sense to do so, and we'll not list all of them here. In essence, we should in theory never trust anything or anyone, but we do so in our lives all the time regardless, due to convinience, and due to the advantages it can bring, which often outweigh the risks.
@_date: 2015-09-18 21:27:59


No - read our product description. 


Physical Bitcoin makes up no significant part of our business. And we always recommend trust-less solutions.
However - some people desire physical bitcoin all the same, and we fill that need. 
Now the question - if you for some reason are in need of a physical bitcoin product, who do you trust to not keep key copies, use strong random seeds in key generation, keep the entire process offline, shield the production process from data-theft, ensure no digital or phsical trace remains of keys (print spools, memory etc).
Some random person or small startup with little to loose? Or a Swiss financial institution, subject to Swiss law, fully liable under that law - and thus with everything to loose.
@_date: 2015-09-18 21:11:19
With a BTCSAG certificate, you do. The private key is nested inside the certificate itself, under layers of foil and scratch-off covering.
@_date: 2015-09-18 21:01:45
Thank you for taking the time to write the review - and we are happy it is so positive. 
Should you ever order again - we'll be sure to add a little something extra to your order.
@_date: 2015-09-10 15:06:24
Bitcoin ATMs allow the public to easily get their hands on Bitcoin. In our opinion they are an important part of the Bitcoin infrastructure.
On following Website you see a map of all Bitcoin ATMs worldwide:
@_date: 2015-09-18 21:13:33


This may be true for UBS and Credit Suisse, who are actually being sued by the Swiss Federal state for leaking private client data. 
We at BTCSAG certainly do not, and any request from foreign entities directed at us, go right to the paper bin!!
@_date: 2015-09-18 21:21:54
We quite clearly specify in the product description, that one should never involve a 3rd party in key management, unless one has to.
That said, BTCSAG is one of the worlds oldest providers of crypto-financial services, not some random startup. And our certificates make up an infinately small part of our business.
Thus it would be rather silly if we would gamble our entire existence and up to 10 years of prison for all directors on not making sure that our certificates are safe in regards to key-generation during production and that no-one internally had or has access to the private keys inserted in the certificates.
Casascius coins are beautiful, and in our view the only true and original physical Bitcoin! We retail those as well, having bought a substantional part of the 2013 gold/silver series. But casascius is US-based, and we all know what that government can do (and does) to people to get them to comply. 
@_date: 2015-09-18 21:09:53


You should! If you know what you are doing, it is a better solution for offline storage, no question. This product is not a replacement for generating ones own key pairs. It does however serve other purposes:
- People want a paper wallet (fx. for presents) which is a level above what one can print oneself, in regards to design durability and security.
- Non Bitcoin savvy users want to store bitcoin, yet not deal with the technology itself, nor use (recommended) proven hardware wallets.
- Non Bitcoin savvy users want to exchange bitcoin in an analog fashion.
- Non Bitcoin savvy users want a secure paper wallet, without having to review and trust 3rd party software and key generation strength.
...as well as several other use-cases. But naturally we recommend everyone to not rely on any 3rd party without the need to do so. Something we by the way also make clear in the product description.
@_date: 2016-10-28 11:51:13
To repeat the offer in public, which we made previously: You can rely on our companies services for exchanging your BTC stack into CHF. Since you guys are next door to our office in Baar, there is room for a good exchange rate ;-)
And congratulations for the GoLive!
@_date: 2015-10-22 12:41:12
Thank's Coinradar :).
@_date: 2015-03-09 11:10:12
Thank you :)
@_date: 2015-10-23 15:21:22
Thank's optimists, yes that are the main costs.
Furthermore there comes the cost of buying back the bitcoins on an exchange (trading fees) and currency conversion fees.
@_date: 2015-03-09 14:37:53
Thanks for your constructive input.
We will forward your suggestions to the manufacturer, who has the final say in software related matters.
In our opinion, the charts is a matter of taste. Techies will love the chart, whereas more casual clients will find it less relevant.
@_date: 2015-10-24 16:31:23
We didn't want to shock the Swiss traditional bankers too much. :)
@_date: 2015-03-09 10:30:02
Until a limit of 500 CHF/EUR per day and client there is no registration or personal details required. For higher amounts you can become a registered client, by providing a proof-of-identity.
@_date: 2015-10-22 12:36:56
Yes, the café is called Frank.
@_date: 2015-03-09 10:28:39
The fee is 5%. The daily limit is 500 CHF/EUR for unregistered clients. More info can be found here: 
@_date: 2015-10-22 12:38:35
Unfortunately not. :)
@_date: 2015-10-22 16:38:54
Switzerland has quite nice regulations for Bitcoin Business. For a billateral trade (Bitcoin ATM, which gives out paper wallet), we only Need to identify clients for amounts above 2'000 EUR/CHF.
We don't know yet the Turnaround of the Basel ATM, but I expect it to be quite high, due to be at the boarder to France with very restrictive Cash regulations. Furthermore it's also at the boarder to Germany, where Localbitcoins.com is banned.
@_date: 2015-10-22 12:37:52
Unfortunately it only takes banknotes up to 100 EUR/100 CHF. If you want to buy Bitcoins with bigger bills, you can make an appointment with us at our office in 6340 Baar.
Here are more infos: bitcoinsuisse.ch
@_date: 2015-03-09 11:09:36
Yes, there is a two way ATM in Basel and one in St. Gallen.
Here you can see our CEO presenting the 2-way ATM:
Two more will be setup by us within the next 4 weeks. And the plan is to cover every sizable Swiss town through 2015, together with the other Swiss ATM operators.
@_date: 2015-10-22 12:40:19
The ATM in Zurich does between 30-40k CHF / month.
The one in St. Gallen does about 20k CHF / month.
The ATMs in Bern and Basel are freshly placed and we don't have a track record yet.
90% of the Volume is Buy Bitcoin, 10% is sell Bitcoin.