@_author: bitcoinarmory
@_date: 2014-04-04 07:47:16
It's great to hear that the advanced Armory security features are doing their job and protecting your investment.  Your support ticket was received and elevated earlier today and we're investigating the issue - looking forward to checking out the log file.
As for your online computer - there are SO many attack vectors.  The important part is that you were protected by running an Armory offline wallet (cold storage) in addition to encrypted wallets with backup.
We've been really busy with the latest testing release and putting the finishing touches on version 0.91 - so please excuse the delay.  On a similar note, the latest version has security announcements built in - so you'll know about issues when we do.  You can also get security/update alerts through our mailing list ( or on Twitter ( and Facebook.
Thanks again for your support.  Hope to see everyone in NYC this next week.  Come by and say hello to the entire team!
@_date: 2013-08-10 05:46:50
Sorry to hear your have encountered some struggles recently when using the Armory client.  As the blockchain continues to grow in size, there has been a significant rise in the minimum RAM requirements on user computers.  As a result, the minimum RAM requirements start at 6GB of RAM (assuming there are no heavy memory users running in the background).  Some systems may require more RAM depending on their specific configuration.  Additionally, you will want to run the most current 64-bit version of Armory as part of a fresh installation.  Another alternative is to utilize Armory within a Linux distribution or other supported platform.
We understand your frustration with this setback, but I encourage you to check  for updates as well as announcements.  We are nearing a crucial update that will resolve this problem and significantly increase functionality.  Rest assured, your investment is always safe with Armory.  If you need assistance moving or transferring coins in or out, feel free to contact us for assistance.  In the mean time, we appreciate everyone's patience and support as we work to improve upon the framework that is Armory.  Again, if you have questions or concerns, feel free to contact us anytime at info