@_author: bitcoinhotshot
@_date: 2013-10-22 12:01:15
[here]( is a great thread that discusses the difficulty for the Chinese to get large sums of us dollars among other interesting topics. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 01:37:30
The most common questions about bitcoin is:
1. Does it have an intrinsic value?
1. Why bitcoin not any other similar crypocurrency?
1. Could a deflationary currency really work?
1.) I think other have covered this topic. The short answer is that decentraliced cryptocurrencies serves a purpose. It gives us a tool that lets you do things that was not possible before and makes other things more effective. There is absolutely no doubt that some form of concurrency wil be used in some form in the future and that it will be a bigger market for it than today. It just to convenient and effective to ignore. The customers/merchants does not even have to know that they are using it for the transaction.
2.) There is three entities that could start a currency.
A country, a company (looking for profit) or a group of loosely connected individuals (for example the science community, linux org). 
A country would not make a decentralized currency. I would also find it hard to be accepted in other countries. 
Companies would also find it hard to lose control of their creation and make it decentralized. They would also have to make it open source to make people trust the currency. That leaves this project to an open community.
There are two kinds cryptocurrencies. premined and mined currencies. No premined that I can think of have been popular. You have a massive distribution problem. Bitcoin was the first to solve this in an elegant way with mining. It uses the assumption that most of the power on the network is honest. Bitcoin has an astronomical head start to the other cryptocurrencies in form of adaption and computer power. It has an hashing power that is greater than the top 500 fastest supercomputers combined by a factor 100. A problem for smaller cryptocurrencies is that migrate data computaton to disrupt the smaller networks and make people lose trust in them. Bitcoin already solves many of the problems, but is a way more general framework than most people realize and could be changed to suit future needs. All this makes me very confident that Bitcoin is the THE cryptocurrency that will be used in the future.
3.) You can say that an economic decision could be deciding between:
* Buying a service or product
* Own the same amount in money
* Invest in an asset that has a positive expected value
* Buying a service or product
* Own equivalent amount in bitcoins that have an positive expected value
* Invest in an different asset that has a positive expected value
You always had the choice beween more purchasing power in the future or buy the product/service now. It never stopped anybody from consuming. The only difference is now that you now automatically have your cash invested. 
If Bitcoin becomes really big there are several good arguments to have an marketcap x100 (or more) of what we see today. This will be an bumpy ride but I think everyone could have a small part of there porfolio invested in bitcoins to because: 
* Its uncorrelated to other asset classes. 
* You can argue its an hedge to things that normally affect you portfolio negatively.
* It has a huge upside and a limited downside even as a small position.
* Whatever other people say. Its been tested many years (five) and its still early in the adaption process.
* Its an less effective market and good traders can use that to their advantage. 
* You will learn something new as an investor. Especially about security. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 03:15:52
Its still very early in the adaption process of bitcoins and if it really becomes big the marketcap would be a lot higher than today. Say lets say 100 times bigger. The only way it will go from todays value to that big is through a bumpy ride. Be prepared for that. Second. Don't be surprised if bitcoin proponents are holding bitcoins those first years without spending them. I hope more people use pay and use some company like coinbase and exchange fiat to btc when they need to buy something to help you guys get lower fees.
Good luck! 
@_date: 2013-10-26 00:02:05
If you do find it, I would be very interested.
@_date: 2013-11-14 17:42:10
You should make a post about gyft on They have five times as many readers and would probably ecstatic to save 3% on every purchase. There are probably some other subreddits that would find this interesting too. 
edit: Gold for me?! Oh thank you internet stranger! ;)
@_date: 2013-10-28 15:44:31
It could definitely be a culture thing. I'm from northern Europe and the answer that I have seen from professional etiquette experts is that the correct thing to do is to ignore their request and bring them a gift instead.
@_date: 2013-10-26 12:06:03
Thanks a lot ! You seem to have posted a lot of good intellectual articles about bitcoin. Great work. The community needs people like you. Do you mind if I send some questions/discussions on some old posts you made? 
@_date: 2013-10-28 14:06:44
Im sorry but this is a terrible idea. I seen so many post in etiquette forums / magazines from people who are pissed of because the couple are asking for money instead of gifts. By asking for bitcoins could make it even worse. They probably google it and see the bad side of bitcoin and think it some kind of ponzi scheme. Im not saying everyone will see it as a bad idea but but its a still bad idea if a group of people do. 
Let this wedding be about you instead without the drama. Good luck and hope you have many many good years together. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 11:44:16
Are you serious? This news in china was expected by those who analyse this for a living. The question was when it would come. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 19:08:07
You are awesome!
Just don't try to be to pushy. They have to realize them self that its a good idea. Give them some time to think about it. Tell them not to expect so many customers the first time. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 15:52:35
please read the sidebar. It will answer most of your questions.
@_date: 2013-10-28 16:09:30
I'm not saying that they have some kind of authority that you must follow. My point is that the last thing you what at a wedding is to have people who are irritated and offended and I would do anything to avoid that.