@_author: bitcoin_tex
@_date: 2014-05-12 04:37:33
I don't think any influence he will have as a board member is the real issue, the problem with Brock is how his image reflects on Bitcoin as a whole. Bitcoin needs untarnished business leaders to represent and be part of it for mainstream society to fully adopt it. His involvement is easily reduced to a sensational negative headline that the media will enjoy and continue to repeat every time his name comes up, and there is enough truth to the allegations to ensure that his reputation will never be clean. His involvement will also discourage involvement and promotion of Bitcoin by business titans that don't want to be associated with him. Simply put, Brock Pierce is a cancer on Bitcoin and the only cure is to surgically remove him.
@_date: 2014-05-12 04:10:29
The biggest problem with Brock being on the board is that he is a serial bullshitter and accomplished con artist. Those coming to his defense like to point to his resume as being evidence of what a great ambassador for Bitcoin he will be, but how many have really looked at it and scratched beneath the surface? A significant amount of what [Brock lists on his CV]( is greatly exaggerated or complete bullshit, and anyone who took the time to go through and vet it line by line would discover this. Brock moves easily within the circles of power and celebrity because he is smart, disarmingly convincing, and an engaging speaker. He's made millions on his business ventures so it's easy to take him a face value. But make no mistake, despite any pretense of being involved in Bitcoin for making the world a better place, Brock is in it for the money. The ironic thing is that if it weren't for his criminal actions and ill-gotten gains from past business dealings *he would be* an ideal Bitcoin evangelist because he understands the technology well and is able to speak about it with authority. But he is a bad bad image to put out in front of Bitcoin when it is still trying to establish itself as a legitimate alternative to traditional forms of currency.
@_date: 2014-05-12 01:24:17
The biggest problem with Brock being on the board is that he is a serial bullshitter and accomplished con artist. Those coming to his defense like to point to his resume as being evidence of what a great ambassador for Bitcoin he will be, but how many have really looked at it and scratched beneath the surface? A significant amount of what [Brock lists on his CV]( is greatly exaggerated or complete bullshit, and anyone who took the time to go through and vet it line by line would discover this. Brock moves easily within the circles of power and celebrity because he is smart, disarmingly convincing, and an engaging speaker. He's made millions on his business ventures so it's easy to take him a face value. But make no mistake, despite any pretense of being involved in Bitcoin for making the world a better place, Brock is in it for the money. The ironic thing is that if it weren't for his criminal actions and ill-gotten gains from past business dealings *he would be* an ideal Bitcoin evangelist because he understands the technology well and is able to speak about it with authority. But he is a bad bad image to put out in front of Bitcoin when it is still trying to establish itself as a legitimate alternative to traditional forms of currency.