@_author: bitcoindown80percent
@_date: 2015-03-09 16:09:14
Would invest in shitcoin at $1241 again
ROFL JK I NEVER 'INVESTED' IN THIS SHITTY PUMP N DUMP PYRAMID SCHEME
@_date: 2015-03-09 13:02:23
I would correct them on this point: Bitcoin is not 'very private'
Unless you own a warehouse full of ASICs in Guangzhou, or meet up with 'ahmed23q' in a carpark with cash at midnight, then you're going to have to buy Bitcoins through an exchange - and that means providing all your sensitive identification documents.
Not to mention every transaction you make in Bitcoin will be public for anyone to see. Bitcoin is Big Brother's wet dream.
@_date: 2015-03-09 15:55:55
I can do one better
Ahmed meets you in a bank branch with security cameras in a crowded shopping mall at the middle of the day.
You exchange the shitcoins and walk out feeling relieved that the trade has gone swimmingly well. Despite your initial reservations being tempered, you decide to play it safe and shop/wait around for a little while before leaving. You return to your car and make the trip home.
What you don't realize is that Ahmed's friend, Mahmoud (and possibly his comrades), have been closely watching you ever since you left the bank branch. You were smart enough to see Ahmed leave out into the distance, and look around for him to see if he was following you as you were shopping, but you didn't notice Mahmoud and co. because you weren't looking for their faces.
Finally you make it home. You turn off the ignition and step out of the car. suddenly Mahmoud, Ahmed and the rest of crew have a handgun or a knife in your face and are demanding the $5,000+ balance of shitcoins they saw linked to that Bitcoin address of yours be transferred immediately to them via mobile phone/laptop/tablet - as occurred in the bank branch.
The funny thing is that this kind of robbery isn't an everyday thing because banks are secure places, and online transactions can be reversed. Armored vans with security personnel exist to move large amounts of cash, if you need to physically move it. ATM holdups can and do occur, but are infrequent because ATMs have security cameras watching around them and you can only withdraw perhaps $500-$2000 at most making it a poor target.
With Bitcoin, holdups are so much easier and more rewarding.
@_date: 2015-03-09 15:44:31


It's not anonymous anyway.
The person you buy from or sell to will know your Bitcoin address, and therefore will also be able to identify all your other transactions (Just think about how ecstatic Ahmed and his buddy Mahmoud will be when they find out you've got $50,000 in shitcoins, and they're now following you home from the meetup at the bank branch).
The meetup could also turn out be a sting operation (there are already several reports of this having occured), or perhaps more likely, you could be found out for tax evasion or caught up in association with a criminal - For instance, say Mahmoud gets raided 2 months later for a cannibis setup in his home. They confiscate his computer and find a Bitcoin wallet with a large balance. He's been buying Bitcoins with cash to hide the money in. 
'Right Ahmed,' says an officer in a commanding voice, 'If you can help us out by telling us who you bought these 'shitcoins' from, then we might be more lenient with you. Help us find this person who laundered the proceeds of crime and we might be able to help you out.' Ahmed, either not being well informed of the law or intimidated, blurts out 'I-I don't know his name officer.. I swear, I don't! I spoke to him online.. we arranged to meet up at a bank in X suburb. He looked like X and he told me his name was X.'
Now all they have to do is search up a first name for a particular suburb and who is a customer of a certain bank, then to be confirmed based on appearance or other given details (i.e. a recalled license plate, interview statement).
Your computer will then be confiscated and searched. Who knows what goodies might turn up. Suppose they find nothing but your Bitcoin wallet showing the outgoing transactions - 'Mr. Jones, I have a few questions to ask you if that's okay.. have you declared that $50,000 to the state tax office? no? Oh well, that's interesting then, I'll make a note of that.. Mr. Jones, are you aware that you were laundering drug money? ..Do you know that it is a crime to launder money, even if unknowingly? If you were unaware of the nature of the transaction, why didn't you report such a large transaction? A young man who won't reveal his identity to you hands over $10,000 to you in cash for a commodity, and you don't find that suspicious? - Jeff, we're gunna need those cuffs.'
@_date: 2015-03-09 16:27:53
Key word.
With fiat, you can bury it in the backyard and no one will know about it.
Assuming you're not a career criminal who needs to launder thousands of dollars on a weekly basis, you can also spend that money casually with no records kept. I.e. petrol, food, gizmos and gadgets.
You can't do that with Bitcoin.
Unless you mine Bitcoins, or someone gives them away to you for free online or for TF2 items, then you can't use Bitcoin anonymously. Exchanges have your information recorded. Meeting up means witnesses (doing this could actually make you more likely to get into big trouble, as I explain [here](
Another way they nab you is by looking at your assets. As I often like to put it, you'll recieve a polite letter from the tax office asking you to explain why you suddenly have a brand new Lamborghini parked in your driveway (and registered in your name), when you have only reported an income of $500/week and standard assets.
It's not just a quaint way of putting it. They actually do send out such letters, and you can get in big time hot water if you are unable to come up with a good response. Tax law is unique and distinct from the rest of the law in that you are *guilty until proven innocent* in most countries, including the USA, Australia, the UK and probably most other countries. And if you dob yourself in for tax evasion, that leaves open the scenario that you will be presumed guilty of having proceeds of crime and being involved in criminal activities ('I-I don't know where that money has come from officer.. stop asking questions, I'm tired!')