@_author: bitcoinwanderlust
@_date: 2013-11-23 12:33:50
As of now I have just under 20,000btc.  I started dealing over on SR back during the first bitcoin bubble in 2011 and I quickly became addicted to the currency.  In my brief career as a blackmarketeer I've exchanged roughly 250,000btc.
When SR went down, I fled the country. It was almost convenient because relationships back home were beginning to deteriorate and the stress of the game had been making life miserable. 
None of my family or friends know where I am or what I did.  I miss them occasionally. I thought I'd miss them more but I guess we really weren't terribly close and I'm still in a surreal state of exhilaration fueled by my new-found existence.  
I'm possessed by an odd restlessness that won't let me stay in the same place for more than a week.  I never thought I'd enjoy traveling much but now I find that I can't stop.  I'm afraid my passport may be flagged so I never use airports or enter any first world countries with close affiliations with the US (I'd like to find away around this though as someday I'd love to see Europe).
The recent volatility sends spasm all the way down through my intestines (is that weird?).  It's exciting, but I can't escape the lurking suspicion that its all too good to be true. Easy come easy go?  It's disconcerting to imagine that literally everything I have (which is quite a bit more than I'd ever imagined owning) could disappear tomorrow in some fatal development.  I live as modestly as possible in order to prepare myself for such a scenario.
There aren't many places accepting bitcoin where I am now so I have to use localbitcoins to exchange for local currency.  Its inconvenient and I'm a hyper paranoid introvert who sees a sting-op in every arranged appointment so each approaching exchange fills me with dread. At the same time, its retarded to travel alone in third-world countries with tons of cash.  I've already been robbed twice (once at knife-point) and extorted by the police another time.  There's a balance to be found in everything.
Needless to say, I'm eagerly awaiting the day when bitcoin is broadly accepted everywhere as a digital currency.  For the time being, I'm just hoping to find someone who will trade me a boat.  I have fantasies of sailing the world and writing novels and eventually meeting my maker in some ungodly climate-change-induced tempest.
