@_author: bitcoinarmchairguy
@_date: 2015-01-04 18:54:41
As much as I love Bitcoin I think the backing of the US government gives an asset much more security than being backed entirely by the speculation of drug buyers, VC startups, hackers and libertarian idealists.
If my grandma wanted to know what currency to invest in I sure as hell would be recommending USD or virtually any other fiat currency over BTC.
The US government has a pretty good track record over the last several hundred years compared to the 5 years of massive volatility we've seen here.
@_date: 2015-01-07 13:40:23
Juat to clarify, are there any conditions or limits to the amount of BTC I can peg?
For example, if I place 1000btc in a USD pegged wallet and the value of BTC falls from $300 to $200, will my wallet now contain 1500btc?
@_date: 2015-01-05 13:56:11
I predict this will cause the price to rise.
Why? Because 9/10 people are predicting this will make the price drop and 95% of traders lose money, so buying makes more sense than seeling right now.
@_date: 2015-01-15 19:38:45
What about a democratic coin where individual stakeholders backed by proof-of-identity (something like the Bitcoin passport) vote at specified intervals on the creation of new coins, network hash rate, protocol rules that might impact price, etc?
They could even simplify the process by having elected decision makers who can make choices for stakeholders who vote for them, removing the need to have everyone vote all the time.
I've actually been working on this concept for over a year now, a kind of decentralized democracy, but I lack the programming skills to create it.
@_date: 2015-01-17 05:49:39
With a coin like this you would not be forced to vote and/or have decision-makers act on your behalf, and if you elected a decision-maker to act on your behalf you would have the option of dis-engaging your support at any point you wished.
It would function in a much more free and open manner than a regular democracy, as decision-makers are held entirely accountable for their actions thanks to the open-source blockchain.
My hope is that this would solve issues like inflation and deflation in a fair and balanced manner, and also allow room for beneficial protocol changes to occur rather than having a fixed and unchangable coin.
By having a biometrically based proof-of-unique-stakeholder system built in it would also allow people to build reputations to facilitate lending, and arbitration in the lending system when disputes occur could be decided by elected decision-makers who take the position of judges and/or juries. Lending would be easier than in traditional finance because the open-source nature of the coin allows for proof-of-solvency.
The idea is decentralize elements of the traditional financial and governmental system to hand power back to the individual and protect against corruption. I call it 'distributed democracy'.