@_author: bitcoinback2back
@_date: 2015-08-20 00:33:50
"Wall Street" is very active in the BTC world . "Lightning pace" has caused the major consumer banks to provide better consumer services across the board . One of the best uses of BTC and blockchain technology will be better measured and more transparent derivatives and I think NY will be a leader on this front. Derivatives are good. You can criticize government intervention and maybe there was too much bail out but it was necessary to maintain stability . You blame Wall Street but I blame the common Americans for placing too much money in their real estate and housing improvements when this capital could have been put towards software and tech investments or starting a farm.
@_date: 2015-08-18 20:10:26
What about the almost countless individuals who had BTC stolen from their accounts or laptops or ripped from local bitcoins ? Many unsophisticated investors lost money in the last few years and there were no controls to protect them . How is it fair that the Mtgox bottleneck in 2013 or the collapse affect the entire price of BTC even for those not storing their BTC at Mtgox ?
 And again youre moving away from the main point which is BTC regulation . How does your argument make a case for an unregulated NYC ? If anything your argument makes a case for stricter regulations across the board for all financial companies .
@_date: 2015-08-22 16:48:39
I've researched starting a bank and a credit union and I've considered your idea previously. I'd say it hasn't been done mainly because of the perceived risk in opening a BTC tolerant credit union. The costs would be high, as you say 300k-500k for a small credit union, and the work would be a little different than a typical BTC startup. I think credit unions are great and I admire the Boulder City credit union in Nevada. I'm now in upstate NY and in my area it seems credit unions have pushed the larger banks out of business or reduced them to ATM only areas. 
A BTC tolerant credit union is a new frontier and the approval for opening one would be a longer process than simply opening a BTC startup. IF you have the capital and are willing to take the risk then I see no reason to not move forward on this idea. The safest and surest business to open IS a bank or credit union and the risks of failing are far lower than any other business for example a web startup or restaurant.
If you have the money then go for it. I'm just a random internet poster but I know the idea would work. You need to follow key regulations but this is OK.
@_date: 2015-08-18 00:49:09
I don't think the bit license is bad and I think it's good for Bitcoin . Maybe there are areas to improve but most laws and regulations can always be improved In ways. There is an abundance of "sophisticated" money in NY and NY attracts so much foreign capital and many travelers . It would be unfair to the financial infrastructure to allow random currency company's who haven't been vetted or don't have the ability to take the straightforward steps in acquiring the license to advertise their services to the large capital market NY has built over hundreds of years . I think a developed market under the existing regulations will lead to greater investment in BTC and ultimately more trust in the currency .
@_date: 2015-08-18 01:42:01
Adapt to honesty ? I've seen more scam Bitcoin companies than legitimate companies . We don't even know for sure if the currency is or isn't being manipulated so there isn't anything honest about it. Honesty is a regulatory structure so that an Individual with large sums of money looking to invest and enter the new digital world can do so with certainty they will not be ripped off by incompetent operators .
Your analogy to self driving trucks is irrelevant and also wrong . Self driving trucks will create better efficiencies in our transport economy and which will lead to all types of new opportunities . Jobs are always being replaced and some people don't see that in this process new ones are created even if it's in a different or new industry .
Right now many individuals are hesitant to enter the BTC world. I am confident with the NYC regulations that individuals will feel more secure converting their financial resources .
The infrastructure isn't at a disadvantage as you state and I do not imply this . There is great trust in the existing system despite the hate for NYC on this subreddit and it wouldn't be fair for some random BTC company that is unaudited to scam investors and ruin this trust .