@_author: bitcoin-is-freedom
@_date: 2016-08-12 04:48:03
 Berry Silbert simply lead the charge in the marketplace after the deeds were done and hand over fist he and others, myself included started buying ETC! 
 Berry Silbert is a strong, stand up, public, capitalist leader. A strongest hand type, an apparently honest, ethical hand, if myself and others here read him correctly, and I believe 100% we do read him accurately! 
 Apparently that really upsets those such as David Seaman? Why 
is that? Did Seaman lose a lot too in the DAO, or in ETH? And 
then breath relief as he too was made whole again by most 
unethical means where the "code was supposed to be law"?
ETC is also most likely going BIG as time marches on! Get used 
to it.
 Today Berry Silbert is merely a public hero that called attention to an honest Calvary of speculative investors. That's the mark of a very strong, powerful hand in an honest, above board, open, fair game of capitalism!
 Honest capitalists can't hope to beat crooked, grossly manipulated markets for much at all, and such markets wont last either, not for very long! 
 But we can beat the heck out of real free markets that are not extremely manipulated themselves if we're really some of the strongest players ourselves. That's real Capitalism. That's this revolution. 
 This bickering would be best to bury and forget, but not hide. The lessons are far too valuable to hide. WE all must learn what real capitalism is again for it was long ago forgotten and buried itself.
 Competition is great. It makes all of us much better, much smarter, stronger, healthier. Competition is the heart of capitalism, real capitalism, that thrives for everyone! Together the whole is much stronger than it's parts. 
 Maybe ETH &amp; ETC should make each other much stronger by competing, even collaborating?
@_date: 2016-08-12 04:44:52
 Berry Silbert announced he was pro ETC as or just after he put his first wagers where his mouth is. Well why wouldn't he? It's purely ethical and honorable, and morally okay to do so is it not?
 Where as David Seaman sees things much different, possibly 
because of the very environment we were all tossed into back starting in late 2008. All as the banksters and many other insiders and cronies got their illegal bailouts, backstops, and guarantees. And all while everyone else was forced into naked capitalism along 
with many into foreclosure, and or bankruptcy, and often through 
no fault of their own! 
 Never before in American history did loser/failure insiders and crony pals get "rewarded for failure" until 2008-2016. Same for pension funds and a great many shareholders in the SP500 that also got bailed out ever since 2008, and of course that is still ongoing! Same for the global government(s) bond markets too!
 Until 2008 we put the criminal banksters, wall street crooks, and corporate criminal titans in jails. But not since 2008! Hopefully very soon David Seaman and many others will also understand why capitalism must never reward failure! 
 I just hope it's not so painful that we must suffer a worse fate than need be!
The Lesson: The so called "DAO" was not well tested, not well 
shaken down, and no one apparently tried to hack the genie out of 
it extremely well either, and all BEFORE releasing it into the wild for goodness sake! 
 The so called hacker wasn't a hacker at all. Instead he was simply a capitalist taking full advantage of a legally binding contract, or so he thought, apparently, and that he could gain hugely from if he kept acting on it with impunity. Well he did. 
 Then the losers scream thief. But saying so doesn't make it true. 
 Yet many unethical types and others that didn't do any fact checking ran with that line both here and in the mainstream media too, stating "a hacker looted ETH" thus repeating the lie, over and over and over until suddenly many believed the lie as fact! 
 Bottom Line: ETH and it's "code is law" foundation was molested by it's own keepers to make them whole again. A severe conflict of interest that they fell to temptation over. And in doing so They tossed their principles and good character for profit, at least in the eyes of some of us! 
