@_author: bitcoiniscoming_com
@_date: 2018-01-28 12:32:52
There is another thing people are missing here.... the LEGAL precedent this is setting in the U.S.
If it is a "Cash" Advance..... then it is a legal acknowledgement that Bitcoin is a Currency.  If it is a currency and it is being used as a currency, then it is not Property.  
You can't have it both ways.... is it a currency, or is it property?  This is one of the reasons that I think Bitcoin will win.... it is getting too entertwined into mainstream finance, approaching too big to fail status.  
For example... the "rumour" or "FUD theory" that is being pounded in mainstream media is that somehow the Government could make Bitcoin illegal, or begin enforcement tax collection on Bitcoin users.  If this happens, then there would be grounds for a huge class action lawsuit against VISA/MC for an illegal fee.  It actually exists now.
So, it's actually a positive for Bitcoin that they are treating Bitcoin as a currency.
@_date: 2017-03-26 11:45:05
Thank you Kenno.  We also agree on website, and had a design team lined up, but we spent many thousands of dollars plus a lot of time on launching this.  Billboards, Newspapers, Yardsigns, Gas, Hired Labor etc isn't cheap.  In the end we decided to focus on getting stuff in front of people.  The town and surrounding area is beginning to talk about Bitcoin, and we still have 4 weeks of intensive, and increasing exposure to go.
The decision was made to focus on actual advertising.  The local web designers wanted more than the whole campaign cost.  We do plan on upgrading as Phase 1 if we get funding.
Thanks for the "simple explanations".  I don't think people in the cryptocurrency community actually understand just how clueless the average citizen is about Bitcoin.  We did a local survey and literally nobody had a clue what it was.  Even our simple explanations were often met with blank stares.  When given with a simple explanation of "digital money", we were most often asked "What do you do with it?"  Our simple attempts to explain it as a technological evolution seemed to get the most positive result when talking about it as a "money" or currency".  So that was our primary simplistic approach in educating the public.  But when we started talking about it in terms of "Digital Gold", comparing it to physical gold, we got the best results.  You could see actual interest sparking in people's eyes.  Therefore the subliminal "Digital Gold Rush" approach.
Anyway, hopefully we will get there with the website, dependent upon community funding support.   If not, we plod along educating the regional community with what we have.  Thanks for the constructive criticism!
@_date: 2017-03-16 21:06:36
Does anyone know of a decent competitive exchange in the U.S. to Coinbase?  PLEASE GOD GET ME A COMPETITIVE EXCHANGE!
@_date: 2017-03-26 11:51:56


hmmmm... if you mean we spent over $5,000 of our own money in the hopes that we would eventually convert 500 people to start Coinbase Accounts, and therefore break even... sure, that was our genius plan.
And for the record, we posted for weeks asking for alternative suggestions to Coinbase *(primarily because we didn't want to immediately expose people to the confusion of Ethereum ETH)* but in the end there is simply no solution as simple and clear as Coinbase for people that are to begin with completely new to cryptocurrency.  We are VERY open to an alternative solution.
@_date: 2017-03-26 18:17:03
Possibly, but our region is talking about Bitcoin now.  Our team has enough bitcoins that we can afford to burn quite a few.  In the end, even if this never goes beyond our regional boundaries - there will be many more bitcoins in our region once adoption hits.  It is our belief that once bitcoin scales, adoption will happen overnite, and the price for a single bitcoin will quickly be unobtainable for average citizens.  We are educating our populace.  We are offering to expand the campaign to your family and friends as well.  Our Team would rather be rich in community, than rich and lonely.  Our question to everyone here is.... what are you doing to tell your community?  We are providing tools for You to use.
@_date: 2017-03-16 22:01:11
There are other reasons.  Their customer support sucks worse than anything I have ever seen.  Who can reccomend a good U.S. coinbase competitor that they have had a good experience with???
@_date: 2017-04-14 13:47:16
no, and yes.  I could buy Giftcards.  But I use a Bitcoin Debit Card, by VISA.  Accepted everywhere in the world that accepts VISA - directly linked to my online Bitcoi Account.
@_date: 2017-04-14 13:49:26
Well, they do now. I am pretty sure that when they initially upvoted it 100+ times they didn't.  
@_date: 2017-04-12 21:44:55
What is also interesting is that the "Ethereum" chain that Stampery uses is actually Ethereum Classic.
Its actually hilarious that on the r/ethereum and r/ethtrader subreddits they are hooting about this innovation.... and they don't even know it isn't even their chain being referenced - LOL
@_date: 2017-04-05 20:57:33
No but I have yardsigns on campus
@_date: 2017-04-05 19:07:16
Actually just burned enough to print 2 more vinyl faces and rent 2 more billboard spaces for 3 months each.  Also, new weeks worth of newspaper ads in local paper.  Can't go anywhere with a "BitcoinIsComing" sticker on the car without people coming up wanting to talk.  We're just 2 weeks in and it is starting to get a lot of talk in the region.  If this translates into even moderate to small bitcoin investments scattered amongst regional residents - then our region just got a major leg up on the rest of the world in what will soon be a digital gold rush to grab bitcoin percentages.  Still don't think people get what is about to happen.  As soon as the limited supply, and real possibility that bitcoin becomes THE digital gold for a global economy thing starts to click in people, region, country, and corporate minds... then the movement is going to be sharp, and there will be a literal digital gold RUSH.
@_date: 2017-04-12 21:20:25
Every business that I know of in Dahlonega accepts Bitcoin.  I bought something at the Walmart using Bitcoin.  I am being totally 100% serious.  Do you want to guess how?
@_date: 2017-04-05 21:08:12
yes.  no.
I expect people in our region to start thinking "Bitcoin".  To start the education process.  This isn't a "GO BUY BITCOIN!" campaign.  It is a public awareness campaign.  Outside of Silicon Valley, WallStreet, and the tech weenie world - almost nobody even knows bitcoin exists.  Nobody knows that "Bitcoin Is Coming".  We are telling them.  I lready cannot drive anywhere in the county with my magnetic signs on my car.  none of us can.  We always get stopped by people.  One OLD lady in the parking lot at my bank wouldn't let me go.  Wanted to know more.  Everybody gets the concept of digital money.  They can see it coming.  They have no fucking clue what "a bitcoin" is though.  Again, we are making our small region aware.  And yes, they are buying.  I've already done half a dozen "consulting" gigs just myself - walking people through setup and security issues.
@_date: 2017-07-17 21:18:56


Its actually a bit more complicated than that Greg.  
1st) to address the last part of the sentence above, ftrader has stated that Bitcoin ABC ("Adjustable Block Cap") will be implemented in a Segwit2x environment *"If there is sufficient market interest, as indicated by the miners"*
2nd) You have to remember that you are about to get sued into oblivion, and the name "Bitcoin" taken by legal force.
3rd) Your dreams of corporately controlling the entire planetary monetary supply are about to drip away, like "Liquid" down the drain :)  See ya Loser!
@_date: 2017-07-18 13:17:19
THE Bitcoin Chain ..... about to be resurrected.  What Core has been doing up until now is playing frankenstenien experiments on Bitcoin, attempting to recreate the monster of the existing banking system under Core control.
Check.  Checkmate in 2.  You Lose Core.
@_date: 2017-07-18 13:13:41
Greg's control is slipping away.  He, Adam, Luke Jr..... all about to be relegated to the status of ranting trolls with no more power.  Only thing better, the icing on the cake, is hte legal sledgehammer about to be dropped.  I love it!