@_author: bitcoincashthrowx3
@_date: 2018-06-25 10:15:02
Zero-Conf might be mostly safe right now, but it definitely won't stay safe. You can mine Bitcoin completely anonymously. Just imagine what would happen if we use 0-conf, Bitcoin actually becomes mainstream, and then 10% of the total hashing power decides to offer covert transaction submission and tx block inclusion.
It might be reasonable to not get 0.25% of your payments. It won't be reasonable to lose 10%  of your payments, however.
And for a user of this system, it's basically risk free, too. Just buy something digital that you get instantly that you want anyway using a free wifi spot. In some cases you will have to pay, in others you will get it for free. Nice discount.
@_date: 2018-06-14 11:21:35
Blockstream only pays two devs as far as I am aware of. There are hundreds of Bitcoin devs, and obviously they can't push consensus changing stuff just because they feel like it. Nobody would update.
I am unaware of anyone in the Bitcoin community that does not want to scale Bitcoin beyond the effective blocksize of 2.x MB that it has now. The lightning whitepaper even says something about 133MB blocks in an example for world-wide adoption of Bitcoin + LN. The question is more "when" than "if". The most extreme proponent of tiny blocks is LukeJr, and even he only wants 300kbyte blocks for now, not for all eternity. And IIRC he only wants 300kbyte blocks now because there's no good data on what happens beyond 300kbyte blocks in certain attack circumstances (that we haven't seen on the network yet, but might happen).
All these discussions are often simplified and turned on their heads by people who disagree with them. Maybe because they don't understand them, even.
The problem with increasing the blocksize beyond what SegWit does (with a soft fork, which doesn't suffer the same problem) is the need for a hard fork. 
Miners or other people who want to attack Bitcoin (governments, banks, doesn't really matter who actually) could opt to continue the old chain despite there being less hashing power to support it. 
Then we would have two Bitcoin, with the sane majority hopefully following the hard fork. Or ten, if people disagree by how much to increase the block cap, or how to scale it in the future (imagine someone proposing an algorithm that doubles available blocksize every 100000 blocks. And another one wanting to triple it every 10000 blocks. You can imagine many hardforks confusing the entire landscape, and no consensus being reachable)
What Bitcoin is actually doing is much smarter: They did a small increase through SegWit, and are waiting until further improvements are done to make stuff like block propagation times of big blocks less of a danger to the fairness of mining Bitcoin.  That's because mining fairness is really important to combat centralization. On that note, research about block propagation is being done, there was a paper in 2015 for example. Why should we scale dangerously and endanger Bitcoin if we can do so with good reasons and data that backs up the safeness of a block increase to a certain size?
On the other hand, large blocks also discourage verifying transactions yourself, and that might even endanger some scaling solutions, or Bitcoin in general. 
Just imagine what might happen in a more centralized coin if all miners increases the mining reward for a while. If this isn't noticable within minutes by users of Bitcoin because they run their own nodes (merchants accepting it, for example), the whole network becomes vulnerable to double spending when we revert those incorrect blocks, or we have to continue with the broken chain that overpaid miners. This is unacceptable for sound money, IMO.
@_date: 2018-06-14 13:12:44
Splicing is more of a scaling solution for the Bitcoin base layer. Instead of having to close a channel, you can splice out funds from it and pay something (or create an additional channel) with the spliced off money on chain, in just a single transaction.
Without splicing, you have to close the channel. Then you might even have to do another tx for the payment (if that wasn't done during channel closure), and then you have to recreate the old channel with a lower balance. But that's hard because if both people in the channel have funds, you both need to fund the new one, causing a larger funding tx because of two inputs being required. 
With splicing, the channel remains intact, and splicing off only needs one on-chain tx to pay someone/to get your money out of the channel. It's much better :)
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:13:08
The exchange would have to pay the fee to open the channel with you if you don't already have a channel.
It would be a minor optimization at the moment to do that, and technically difficult for the exchange. I suppose it might be possible, but will require your lightning node to talk to the exchange and the person you want to have the channel with. 
I have no idea if implementing something like that is reasonable, as the improvement would be rather minor, and only really matter for people who increase their Bitcoin holdings while also wanting everything to be on LN (even though LN is more like a hot wallet)
I also do not know any exchange that sends you Bitcoin via LN if you already have some channels where you can receive money. Give it a bit more time. They will probably want to enable you to top off your balances via their exchange, that seems like a good idea for exchanges.
@_date: 2018-06-26 22:57:38
Opening and closing of channels is on the main chain. Just as movement of cold-storage coins, and other smart contracts. Large payments also need the main chain.
As long as we don't increase the blocksize too much, fees above 1 sat/byte will be paid. During winter, we had blocks that earned more than two bitcoins in fees alone. That's more than what a miner will get for mining a single block through the regular block reward in a few years. And it's completely usage based, meaning the transactions and thus fees earned will grow with the number of people using Bitcoin. And thus the security of the chain will grow according to the usage, which seems like a good idea considering that the usage will effectively decide how much money will be spent on securing the system.
We have to figure out how much blocks may grow that enough hash power is used to secure the chain. LN scales Bitcoin in a non-linear way, meaning one on-chain tx essentially facilitates a much larger number of transactions off-chain. When we have real world data about the factor of this scaling method, we can decide on a sensible block size algorithm. It will surely have a cap, but maybe it's even possible to build in a bit of flexibility so that a single miner can't create max size blocks all the time/is somehow disincentivice to do so if there is no real demand. Time will tell.
@_date: 2018-06-27 21:08:25


Yes, as far as I am aware, current lightning wallets run a node/are a node.
It doesn't really make sense to outsource the running of a node to a 3rd party because it's not trustless anymore in that case, but maybe you can just run one lightning node on a computer you own and then use a lightweight wallet to re-use that node from many devices. 
I don't know all wallets that exist, but I haven't heard of one that does this yet. Nothing stops a developer from creating something like this.
I hope someone more knowledgable about current LN wallets chimes in after me.
By the way, if your node/smartphone comes online often enough, you don't even need a watchtower as long as the unilateral closure delay for your channels is so high that you are sure that you will be online in the mean time.


No idea. I don't think so.
EDIT: Spelling/formatting error.
@_date: 2018-06-22 14:12:10
This is not a problem as far as I am aware. The transaction spending out of the pre-agreed transaction can have any ID we want. It just needs to be able to refer to the fixed ID of the (on-chain) funding tx.
This is why a change of the ID of the 2nd transaction by increasing the fee is not a problem AFAIK. Did I miss something?
EDIT: Or are you talking about the general case? Either way: If the transaction makes it onto the blockchain, it will have the proper ID now. With old style transactions, you can't be sure of that because of malleability. With SegWit transactions however, you can be sure that it's either there like that, or not. And not on the blockchain under a different ID, if all you did was sign that one version.
@_date: 2018-06-14 13:09:48
If you can specify yourself as the recipient and if you can force a certain preceding node, then you can rebalance your channel with that.
if you can specify all nodes of the route, you can also do this.
Maybe it's still hard to do with just this call? But to me, it looks like it should just work. Got no experience with it, though.
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:04:35
Ah, so that was your original question?
If that happens with all your channels (or if you have just one and it happens with that one as in your question), you have zero Bitcoin on the lightning network. If you rebalance 0 Bitcoin, you still have 0 Bitcoin, so it is already "balanced" and no rebalancing is required, you could say ;)
If you want more Bitcoin, either buy them through LN (and thus regaining them through that one channel you already have), or open another channel. You can then rebalance, if you want, so all your channels have some funds in them. 
But definition wise, rebalancing doesn't have much to do with adding funds. Rebalancing = putting all or some of your channels into states where they are less skewed into one direction, i.e. where both parties control some of the Bitcoin in the channel. 
If you have one channel with a lot of Bitcoin and another where you don't own any (anymore), pay yourself with the coins from the full one (thus reducing your funds there) over the one where you doin't have any (to increase your funds there). That's balancing, AFAIK :)
@_date: 2018-06-14 11:31:06
It lost my edit about Liquid. Please see my other comments in my history about it. It's great for Bitcoin, and not a danger. And anybody could reimplement it under a different name if Blockstream ever tried to somehow monopolize exchange side layer stuff.
@_date: 2018-06-26 22:47:14
It took longer because they did it right the first time around.
Can you name another project where, before implementing a reference client, some people came together and made the spec FIRST so interoperability of more than three complete, separate implementations of the protocol was a given even before the software came out of beta (Not counting minor quirks that have been evened out during the alpha of those projects)?
This is basically a dream come true for a software engineer. And "we" (the Bitcoin community) did this, while everybody else usually fails. It's truly amazing in my opinion. Doesn't even matter what's in the spec to be honest, and even if the spec was faulty for some reason, just the fact that "we" planned to do it this way and then agreed on and implemented the spec in many different (free, open source) projects is amazing.
@_date: 2018-06-26 22:26:31
The points made by others here already are good.
I want to add another one: Even if you have some big nodes on the network, there are no big associated risks with that. Everybody can join and participate in the LN. If big nodes become a problem, people can create new channels and a better mesh within hours. 
But big nodes can not actually harm LN users in a meaningful way, because most info about payments is encrypted within multiple layers that get peeled away at each hop one by one (onion routing). The big node doesn't even know if the payment came from the channel partner, or from someone else that used their channel partner as a hop on their route.
Some details will have to be figured out later, but LN is quite flexible and many things can be tried if one routing algorithm or solution for a specific part of LN turns out to be problematic. The main idea behind LN, mainly to lock up Bitcoins within a smart contract secured multisig output, can be implemented in many different ways, too, and one such implementation will surely succeed. The advantages are simply too great compared to on-chain payments, and offloading transactions is a great scaling solution for a system that might become very centralized if it grows too big.
@_date: 2018-06-25 10:48:29
This will change. 
Renewable energy is becoming very cheap to produce, but moving it somewhere is hard, because our current energy system is top-to-bottom, and not flexible/controlable enough to cope with lots of people putting energy in.
This should make producing your own energy and mining with it more profitable than selling it, once the problem becomes severe enough that energy companies aren't required to buy your energy at market price anymore.
In winter when photovoltaic energy isn't plentiful, you can just heat your home with Bitcoin miners, effectively turning your mining energy price to 2/3 of what you actually pay if you compare it to heating your home with a (more efficient) heat pump (which is expensive to install).
@_date: 2018-06-22 14:21:58
What if this is late summer / autumn? 
@_date: 2018-07-03 08:05:48
Thank you for these nice graphs and the detailed explanation.
It's really weird to have people reason that LN can't do coffee payments. Do those people not realize that a sudden Bitcoin price increase will cause the coffee-line to move far to the left, without changing anything about the network?
@_date: 2018-07-02 11:54:41
LN is optional and you don't need to use it. LN centralization has nothing to do with Bitcoin centralization.
So by your own words, BCH is a centralized shitcoin. Bitcoin is not, as LN centralization (if it ever even becomes too centralized or a problem) doesn't cause Bitcoin centralization. 
Can you see why it's reasonable to not endanger the security of a technology? We'll scale safely, and we still need data on how second layer technologies will affect Bitcoin. Until then, we should be conservative and not allow for huge blocks that potentially creates huge problems.
@_date: 2018-07-03 18:45:16
So what's your solution? Should we all stick our heads into the sand and abandon the quest for decentralized, uncensorable money just because the solution is a bit more complicated than most of us thought in 2009?
The limitations of layer 1 have been clear to most people for some time now. They are not even that hard to understand (compared to all the details of LN), and if you followed some of the discussions on the mailing list you should be well aware of them.
Nobody loves having to write complex code in a project where security is obviously critical. Especially if there was a simple, elegant solution.
@_date: 2018-07-04 13:48:56
If I could choose, I'd be happier if multiple solutions are possible and good enough. But just one working solution is fine by me, if we find and implement it :)
Bitcoin smart contracts like those used by LN might not be perfect, but they seem like a nice enough solution that can be expanded upon. It's not super simple, but the complexity isn't insurmountable. 
I wouldn't hate a solution that makes linear on-chain scaling viable, but it's a bit like wishing Moore's law back into existance for every type of computing related ressource. Probably even retroactively, as doubling every few years wouldn't even be enough if it started from today :)
@_date: 2018-07-12 06:20:44
You are joking (I think), but just to make it clear: The trick SegWit uses cannot be used a second time to increase the block size limit again. 
Some parts of the block have to stay within the 1MB limit so that old nodes can still count them as valid (so as not to cause a hard fork). Allowing more than 4MB in the SegWit portion of a block would have been possible, but nearly entirely useless, as only really large ScriptSigs (used by inputs) would even get into anything &gt;3MB.
If we do a hard fork in the future, size counting for blocks might be reverted to 1Byte = 1Byte, or the current system might be kept and the SegWit part of a block would then be sensible to be increased beyond what is possible now in MB.
@_date: 2018-07-04 13:25:23
No, there is no simple, elegant solution (that I have heard or know of). All simple solutions have major downsides, but the reasons are a bit more convoluted, so not everybody gets it.