@_author: bitcoinsinthefountan
@_date: 2019-01-24 08:58:55
I may be wrong here, but I personally think that there are added benefits to having an incredibly smart person leading a movement or product. No one person is responsible for Bitcoin, and that's clearly part of it's beauty. The anonymity behind Bitcoin, while sometimes celebrated, may hinder it's adoption. Nick is so unbelievably smart, and so is vitalik, both able to explain and defend the technology and it's progress. In the absence of an actual Satoshi nakamoto, the development and adoption is Faceless, and while the absence of a face isn't hindering technical progress, it opens the door to rouge assholes. Despite the decentralized nature and inherent anarchy of Bitcoin, there's a reason why every other project or company has a CEO, and while I am not necessarily advocating for a structure like that for the development of Bitcoin, newcomers and people in general do tend to look for a face or a voice that can make them passionate about the product. 
Just listened to that 30-minute interview with vitalik buterin from 2017 techcrunch and it seriously blew me away. I held no ETH before the video but was absolutely astonished by how well he was able to explain and sell the platform, and I now hold some. The guy was able to literally sell me on the idea and Bitcoin could benefit from someone like that, because up until this point it's basically just assholes, moon memes and lambos, and while that's attracting some folks, it's alienating many others, who would buy if they understood the tech.
Hopefully that makes sense, mainly I wonder what Bitcoin would look like with a vitalik buterin type character, which Nick sort of fills for me, although he is significantly more reserved. Charlie Lee and vitalik buterin are clearly beneficial for both of their respective coins, and the ability of newcomers to be able to digest and understand the direction of said coins.
@_date: 2019-01-24 07:09:11
Totally agree. It's sort of a human thing to give into gimmicks and unfortunately we are all human and, like you said, that's why news outlets choose to run these stories. "Another incremental improvement" doesn't sell, when really that's what should be the focus. To be fair, a lot of people here do focus on discussing improvements to tech. There's a reason the submit button explicitly warns against price discussions. Hard problem to solve. 
@_date: 2019-01-24 09:26:25
I am interested in hearing more thoughts on this line of thinking, from you and others. Not saying you are wrong, but do you also see the benefits that ethereum and litecoin have with a strong leadership presence on their core development (Vitalik Buterin, Charlie Lee) Both of whom are almost certainly the best persons to be leading  the direction of their respective projects. The shrouded origins of Bitcoin are interesting, also opens the door for shills to come in, like a hemit crab coming across an empty shell. What do you think would be the state of BTC were Satoshi a real, active face of the project? 
@_date: 2019-01-24 06:35:43
My impression when first learning and reading about Bitcoin, based on the exposure certain individuals, was not a good one. Just my honest reaction as a relative outsider. It's important to consider how Bitcoin looks to people that aren't hardcore. We need those people.
While I agree that the "faceless masses" could be the face of Bitcoin, that wasn't my experience as someone who was new and learning about it. My experience was: rich VC says "it's going to THE MOOOOON!" My main point, which may not be clear enough, is that the public is getting a counterproductive look into what Bitcoin and blockchain actually is, and that's not good for anyone. The insane promise of the technology is being obfuscated by sideshow acts and "Bitcoin BULLLLs"
@_date: 2019-01-24 09:56:59
To be clear, no, I didn't understand everything he said and wouldn't pretend to – but that's partially what sold me. He clearly knows it better than anybody else in the room, and likely in the world, and that alone gives me confidence in the direction of the project, because it's partially his baby. I work with a lot of startups, and a rule of thumb is that team is *significantly* more important than product, and I see no reason why there should be an exception here. Without strong leadership, it does not matter how good the product is, it will almost certainly fail. By that same token, any venture which is lead by a tyrannical overlord is also destined for failure. Perhaps BTC can prove to be the exception, but the jury is frankly still out on the landscape of crypto. When the dust settles, I would bet that the frontrunners are the ones that were led by some impassioned vision. I would expect that someone who can enthusiastically impart that vision would be an asset. On that basis, it gave me the confidence to believe in what he was describing for the future of ETH. Obviously teams can be structured in various ways, and I agree that ego and politics *do* certainly get in the way whenever someone gets too much power. Man, I really rambled there and a lot of that may be confusing. I am sorry, it is 4 am an I have had whiskey