@_author: bitcoiniacsscan
@_date: 2013-10-31 19:50:41
Fair enough -- the manufacturers added a certain feature that some of their customers may require, based on the requirements of customers'  jurisdictions. 
It doesn't explain why the operator in Canada is forcing people to provide biometric scans when they aren't required by law to do so.
@_date: 2013-10-31 19:22:20
That makes sense from a design/manufacturing perspective, as jurisdictions may or may not require it. I'm still stuck on why the operator of the ATM in Vancouver forces people to provide a scan of their palm since that is not legally required. 
From the article cited above; 
"...the owners of the Bitcoin ATM are not legally obligated to implement this palm scanner or limit transactions to $3,000 per day.
That’s because a loophole in Canadian law puts Bitcoin outside the scope of the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Center of Canada (FINTRAC), the agency that monitors money services businesses.
Business in Canada asked FINTRAC spokesman Peter Lamey why bitcoin exchanges and ATMs don’t fall into this category. He told us companies that deal in Bitcoin cannot be considered money services businesses under the current terms of the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act.
As he said, money is defined as the “currency of a country”. Bitcoin belongs not to any one country, but to the Internet." 
@_date: 2013-10-31 19:47:12
I think you're missing my point. 
The Canadian regulator has gone on record as confirming that the BTC ATM operator is not subject to these laws: "...companies that deal in Bitcoin cannot be considered money services businesses under the current terms of the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act." 
So Bitcoiniacs is not a money services lender and therefore it is not subject to the laws people are saying mandate the biometrics. 
Secondly, the banks are private businesses not government entities. They can't "require" the operator to do anything legally in the sense of having some legal authority over them. The banks can only "require" something in a contractual/negotiating sense -- the banks are simply requiring entities with which they do business to follow the law. Fair enough. But as has been clearly demonstrated, the law doesn't apply to this ATM operator.
The bottom line is, we have a BTC ATM operator collecting biometrics of their customers even when the laws of the land do not require them to do so. 
@_date: 2013-10-31 19:10:48
You may wish to review this: 
