@_author: bitcoinamsterdamemba
@_date: 2015-06-16 09:07:29
By attending you acquire new usable skills for developing Blockchain applications the easy way !
Attendants in all cities receive a Free Complimentary Professional Membership of the Bitcoin Embassy Amsterdam Assocation that wants to unite Bitcoin and Blockchain Experts and Professionals in Europe.
@_date: 2015-06-16 08:40:54
in Amsterdam this Free course and workshop is given in collaboration with the Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences - Friday 26th June 2015 - 12.50 - 18.00 hrs
@_date: 2015-06-16 08:56:27
Just some extra info on this Free Blockchain Blockstrap Course in Amsterdam at the University of Amsterdam of Applied Sciences on Friday, 26th June, Amsterdam
- after attending you will receive a Free Professional Membership of the Bitcoin Embassy Amsterdam Association: 
- Bitcoin Embassy Amsterdam is looking to unite Bitcoin/Blockchain Experts and Professionals from the European countries so they can collaborate better etc.
These course gives comprehensive explanation of the Blockchain and includes a programming workshop where a Blockchain application is built using Blockstrap.com's Stack and API.
Dhr. Adam Giles de CEO en lead-developer van Blockstrap.com/Neuroware.io explains:
“Blockchain technologies ( that also power e.g. the Bitcoin network ) and the advent of programmable money offer massive potential to revolutionize not just the financial services, but many sectors of the economy and society as we know it. Building on top of the Blockchain however is still too complex to understand and time consuming for the majority of developers. By releasing the Blockstrap application stack and API, we've lowered that technical barrier and empowered the next generation of developers and startups to get creative and start experimenting on the Blockchain.
“Blockstrap features a developer friendly API,  HTML5 Blockchain framework that supports Bitcoin, Litecoin and Dogecoin and their corresponding testnets. With several financial and non-financial application examples for use or inspiration.”
“The Blockstrap stack uses an HTML5 framework to communicate with other APIs and comes with a jQuery plugin and full suite of JSON-driven, frontend HTML components. The package allows developers to conduct URL routing, browser-based data caching and dynamic templating for all six blockchains, while using only the core components for framework forms, with a deterministic HTML5 wallet. It also allows developers to create new web applications by extending the core through hooks and filters in much the same way that WordPress is used by current web developers."
Hope this explains better what the course is about !
Same course in the cities London, Berlin, Prague, Barcelona go to: 
