@_author: bitcoinlover314
@_date: 2013-12-06 01:46:34
I agree with everything you said, except I have 0 hope in things getting solved through voting. Centralized power by it's very nature lends itself too well for corruption and/or coercion, we can see this throughout society not only in finance, business, government, but also sports (match rigging) and media.
 Even if we elected a person who said he was going to do something the chances of them doing anything drop significantly. (Like Obama when he spoke of closing Gitmo, ending the war on terror, transparency with surveillance, accountability on wall street for pretty much everything, protecting whistleblowers.. has any of this actually come through?).
I see two options and I hope nobody finds this offensive because the propaganda throughout the years has been very thick and heavy.
The U.S. is run by a deep state ([It refers to a parallel secret government, organized by the intelligence and security apparatus, financed by drugs, and engaging in illicit violence, to protect the status and interests of the military against threats from intellectuals, religious groups, and occasionally the constitutional government]( 
Whoever you put in power is threatened to play along [or else](
As I said both are just theories, I'm not trying to offend anyone. 
I talked above a little about the centralization of power, and I think another characteristic of centralized power is it creates fertile soil for both scenarios: tyranny by shadow government, or tyranny by coercion. 
This possibility is probably dawning on more than one person because a lot of people are seeing that the entire structure of the beast is held up by money printing. Hence Bitcoin is gonna blast off. 
Edit: The irony of course is that the more surveillance expands, the more some kid who works for a company like STRATFOR or Booze Allen is going to invest in things like bitcoin after reading things like this. (Hello NSA!) I'd really love to see them try to stop us. But I do think this is like Chess. We need to come together and continually improve and obscure our actions, as privacy is key to remaining a free human being. If we start to slack things will go from Bradbury to Orwell REAL quick. 
