@_author: bitcoinrealmthai
@_date: 2014-04-09 18:24:03
I live in Thailand  - which is a country that should take the greatest issue with the "traditional" Bitcoin logo/symbol - because the local currency, the Thai Baht, is represented by the symbol  	
But - no one here has a problem with the Bitcoin symbol. The distinction between one and two vertical slashes is not difficult to grasp, in retail scenarios.
For financial management, the distinction between currency codes - THB vs. BTC is also not a problem.
I fully support retaining the traditional Bitcoin symbol.
@_date: 2014-05-06 16:29:02
Well, as far as I have been able to tell, the operators of bahtcoin.com are not a legally registered business in Thailand, are not tax-registered here, do not have the E-Commerce license that is required to lawfully operate their on-line business - and therefore are subject to being shutdown at any time.  I have reached out to them, seeking to add them to my  directory - but I will only add them if they can confirm that they are operating lawfully.   They ignored my queries.
BRT   
@_date: 2014-03-31 03:46:45
For, those who might be interested, I have posted a summary of the Thai government's treatment of the first properly registered Bitcoin exchange in Thailand, from the perspective of the legal services firm that helped incorporate and coordinate regulatory approval for Bitcoin Co. Ltd.    See:  
It is likely that the regulatory treatment in Thailand will be typical of the approach  that many governments will take.  The central bank here - the Bank of Thailand - only has jurisdiction and authority over banks, and over foreign currency exchange activities.  Until such time as the central bank chooses to declare a crypto-currency as being a "foreign currency", it basically plays no role in regulating business activity for a Bitcoin exchange. 
Other regulatory agencies do play a role - in Thailand, an on-line Bitcoin exchange must obtain registration approval from both the Thai Ministry of Commerce and the Thai Revenue Department.  In the case of Bitcoin Co. Ltd., both of these agencies gave rapid and smooth approval to the company.
There are still only handful of businesses in Thailand that accept payment in Bitcoin - as shown at the directory at  - but there is a vibrant and growing community of Bitcoin enthusiasts gathering weekly in Bangkok under the Satoshi Square banner.  Both Bitcoin Co. Ltd., and my firm are in the process of rolling out  merchant services to help small retailers begin accepting Bitcoin transactions.  I expect the number of Thai businesses that accept Bitcoin in Bangkok - mostly pubs and restaurants - to double within the next 90 days  (albeit - from a base only four, as of 31 March).
The journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step.
Never give up on a project just because it will take a long time to complete.   The time will pass anyway - and you are better off at the end, having something worthwhile accomplished.
@_date: 2014-04-03 10:40:52
I guess it is time to review this 150-second dramatization of Marco Polo's experience trying to introduce the concept of paper money to Europe  
@_date: 2014-03-28 04:41:35
There are some people who think of Bitcoin as digital gold.  Let them - no harm done.
Others think of it as a convenient mechanism for small transactions - that can be handled via your mobile phone, and can split a penny into 100 pieces.  Let them - it works - no harm done.
Other people think of Bitcoin as a reusable "magic envelope" - you put money into it, and then send that envelope off with a click - and a few minutes later someone on the other side of the world is taking the money out of the envelope - and then letting someone else reuse that envelope. Oh - and the postage on the envelope is 0.001 in whatever currency.  Who can find fault with that approach?
No one group has better claim that the others.  The happiest folks are probably those using it for all three major purposes.  And - I'll bet that even those folks initially came on board for just one of the three reasons - and then adopted the wider approach because "it just happened". 
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:34:24
There is already an organized Bitcoin community within Bangkok - see:   Anyone passing through Bangkok on a Monday or Wednesday night would be welcome to join in.
@_date: 2014-03-28 15:55:41
Per the Shanghai Daily:
"THE People's Bank of China ordered banks and third-party payment companies to close Bitcoin trading accounts before April 15, Caixin.com reported today citing unnamed sources from the central bank.
The PBOC issued a notice earlier this month, which banned banks and payment companies from providing services including opening accounts, payments and currency exchange to the top 15 Bitcoin trading platforms, according to the report.
Investors can cash out from existing accounts until April 15. After that date they can no longer make bank transfers or payments via third parties for Bitcoin trading on China's mainland."
@_date: 2014-05-05 04:03:32
Most of the people in the film clip would not be helped by daily -or even hourly - distribution of payroll.   Their problem is that they spend more than they earn.  Bitcoin will not help that situation.
@_date: 2014-03-24 15:46:17
Here's my take:    Bitcoin will sleepily sit doing nothing, with no breakout events having any impact on it.  It will simply sit, holding its present value. 
The US dollar, on the other hand, will begin to fall toward its realistic value - which is zero (well, actually, its value is 17,000,000,000,000 divided by the population of USA?  Earth? in the NEGATIVE).  
So - one Bitcoin will soon be worth more than mountains of worthless US dollars.
If not this year, then within the next few years.
Bitcoins will appreciate just because they are not fiat currency.
@_date: 2014-03-18 06:28:49
Would someone please correct me if I am wrong, but has not EVERY past "crash and burn" meltdown in the Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency world ALWAYS started out with the same script:
1.  Oops, we have small problem.  It is a minor hardware/software glitch - resulting purely from our recent exponential growth.
2.  All customer funds/wallets/data is safe and secure - we want to assure you of that with COMPLETE confidence.
3.  This outage will likely last for more than an hour , but will certainly be resolved within a few more hours.   We have every technician working hard - ceaselessly - to resolve this issue.
From there, the script proceeds through various levels of  squirming and equivocation - until the broken husk of a service/company is smoldering on the ground, with  buzzards pecking at it.
A key  feature of every past meltdown has been the role of the most visible and trusted figurehead of the organization - out front, giving assurances - which in every (?) past case was just buying time for the company's insiders to liquidate the last few coins, in a rush effort to make themselves, their family, and their friends "whole" (using any and all assets of any customer whose treasure is accessible), before the cupboard is completely bare. 
I feel bad about being so cynical - and I hope that Blockchain breaks this pattern -  and I also think that Andreas is the single best champion spokesman for Bitcoin technology and potential that I have thus  far seen.  But - the track record of past cases pretty well speaks for itself.
@_date: 2014-04-11 17:43:10
"It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat. "
-Theodore Roosevelt, excerpt from the speech "Citizenship In A Republic" delivered at the Sorbonne, in Paris, France on 23 April, 1910.
Taking cheap shots when you have never contributed anything remotely comparable is pathetic.
Fiatleak expressly states that it depicts purely the flow of national currencies into Bitcoin.  Period.  And - it merely republishes data that is fed to it by a specific listing of exchanges.  If the incoming data is inaccurate, then the depiction is inaccurate.  
I think that it is brilliant display.  Someone conceived of the idea, and then brought that conceptual vision to life.  If you have never started with blank slate, and then applied your effort and energy to create something out of nothing - you have no standing to criticize.
 
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:31:43
The main "complication" for foreign visitors to Thailand is the political unrest.  That turmoil is NOT "aimed" at foreigners - but Thai political violence can cause "collateral damage".   The Thai Prime Minister is likely to be removed from office later TODAY as the result of a judicial action -  and that is likely to spark a violent reaction from her party - if not within hours, then within days.   Foreigners need to stand back, and stay out of the way - and let the Thais sort themselves out.
@_date: 2015-01-14 07:06:51
When I look at the charts, I just wonder how all the mining operations that have been using some of their freshly earned BTC to pay down  debt, and also to pay operating (electricity) costs, are going to survive.
@_date: 2015-03-04 17:09:48
The map is wrong about Thailand.  There are two fully-legal Bitcoin exchanges here, with at least one more being launched within the next 60 days.
There are presently at least 32 merchants that accept Bitcoin in Thailand.  Information about these may be found at  
@_date: 2015-03-24 05:19:56
OP - your heart seems to be in the right place, but you need to adjust your semantics.  You did not really mean "statist" - you meant "state's rights proponents".
Here is the definition of "statism":   Statism is the belief in the primacy of the State over the rights of the individual.