@_author: bitceon
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:46:01
My 2 cents are that futures are not for the faint of heart.
Can you make $ - sure - lots of it - but most people lose money
You can google the topic "why most options trades lose money"  and find plenty of articles that explain it.
Options are a zero sum gain - every winner requires a loser - the winners are often the underwriters skimming the premium.  Options expire.  You can't hold on for dear life.  Everymonth (approximately) you will need to reconcile and rebuy a contract. 
Now if you hold a ton of value in bitcoin then hedging by writing puts is fabulous way to buy insurance but that is going to cost YOU money also if the rally continues.
The other thing to remember is that there is a premium to be paid for contracts - I've always found it is a race between the premium you pay versus the NAV appreciation/depreciation.  
The underwriters are not going to sell you a futures contract with out a premium on top of bitcoin target price 
With volatility comes larger futures premiums
Not unlike GBTC
 
Buy when the premium is low and sell when the premium is high
My guess is when the options come out the premiums will be much larger then you might expect and most people will balk. 
LONG futures might be interesting if the rally holds but the premiums will be even larger.  Can't wait to see.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:24:08
one more thought
i'm not completely subscribing to the idea that futures are going to wreck the price and/or premium of GBTC
options are not the same as etf - generally the people who trade etf are not the same as those who trade options
completely different kind of animal and investors
so a little shifting around of the money is inevitable as new markets open up - but GBTC is going to continue to move as bitcoin moves - trending up
premium is righteous for me - my philosophy - buy low - sell high
nearly all options trades are a loss for the investor - either by design (hedging) or a bad decision by an investor
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:13:47
here are my free sprits thoughts
recently traders bought gbtc to capitalize on the trusts cash and gold disbursements 
the date of record for gold was yesterday, cash a few weeks ago.
those traders have locked in their payouts and sold today
no problem. the world goes around and gbtc is climbing back as market demand stabilizes
holding on for dear life here!
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:46:40
last thought
for me - being able to invest in BTC in my retirement accounts makes the most sense
since IRS considers BTC an asset and not currency - a person can't even buy a piece of gum with BTC without paying capitol gain taxes 
GBTC enables me to forgo tax considerations now and until I am retired.  GBTC is a thing of  beauty to 401K, IRA, ETC.