@_author: bitcoininnwa
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:41:39
1) I have no idea if this is possible, it's more of a question than anything.
2) Mt.Gox was not my topic, so far as I am concerned, mt.gox coins would not be allowed, mainly because you could not move those coins to the appropriate wallet for such a system.
3) ONE SYSTEM, ONE POOL. All members would have to pay in according to the amount of protection they want. It would have to be a strict, high level of identifiction type thing, but it could be private even. Perhaps even an interview in person. I don't care.
4) Or actually it's like when the US Feds send money to your bank to cover the losses when someone came and stole YOUR money. The tricks with banks, is they know a shitload about each and every person who keeps an account with them, on top of being the sole watchdog over the money. The only risk I think should be covered is hacker theft and mishandled/destroyed bitcoins. That's why the wallets would have to be linked, to protect them... But obviously you would have to keep the majority of them cold, much like Coinbase.com does. So, in essence, it would be a RISK that all members would knowingly take in proportion to their holdings.
5) To have such a PDIC network, would be amazing, IF IT WORKED. I have no idea if it would, but I'm trying to find out. But more to the point of your last question, WE ALL WOULD -- The beauty of P2P. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 19:06:02
I love your ideals, but I still want to see this "enough proof" you speak of.  Living in the US, I have seen many arrests on suspicion without proof, only to eventual release the victim.  If Charlie truly did commit the crime, then he deserves the punishment, but again, without the proof, there is no real crime to punish.
@_date: 2014-02-24 05:59:33
Anyone who sells btc locally in the US, or in any other country with money laundering laws, especially if you sell a lot, could be arrested for laundering someone's money! Doesn't mean they're guilty! If I bought a car from you in cash, and you sold lots of cars, and turns out the cash I gave you was dirty... guess what. You would be the dirty rotten money laundering scoundrel! So shut your trap unless you have some proof... if you do, take it to court.
@_date: 2014-03-08 06:14:25
This may be throwing a penny in the ocean... but could we get an "expand to next level" button, or some other way to expand the GoxTree??? I've been clicking for a hhwiille... Also, please change your charts reference. Mt. Gox is no longer a valid source, and just looks bad when used on the most popular bitcoin reference site. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-03-08 06:24:30
My bad, if that's a rule, I will take it off, just a habit to sign with it.. ya never know. On the negative tone/remarks... I'm not looking for a line to wait in line to talk to a company that wouldn't listen to piddley ole me in all the commotion.  I am looking to find people who agree with me (i.e. r/bitcoin) so that we can up-vote this and then maybe get it implemented...
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:23:59
wut?