@_author: bitcoingirlchey
@_date: 2014-01-23 19:42:06
Seeing all this happening got me thinking deeply. My answer would be too long to post here, so I wrote blog post about it for whoever cares to read. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 12:30:23
In order for existing exchanges trading other stocks, bonds etc. to adopt BTC trading, the existing exchanges themselves would need to recognize and accept BTC. They already do have all the permits. In order for existing BTC exchanges to be approved to trade other stocks, bonds, funds... , that would require a lot of legal work. I don't see existing brokerage systems adopt BTC any time soon. Therefore I see potential in making a BTC exchange that would be as good at the existing brokerage systems and incorporate many missing functions and options available on the original ones. With all the tools, and system to match those systems. Looking at existing BTC exchanges I am not sure how much trading experience people who set them up actually had when designing those exchanges. So I am thinking maybe some of us who do have experience, might do better :) That is why I was interested in your view of what would you like to see on such exchange. 
Thank you for quick replies. Appreciated!
@_date: 2014-03-08 23:11:53
Hello Alakanani,
I have watched your video and I want to congratulate you on courage to undertake such a difficult job as to be the pioneer in this area in your own country. I am a woman and I live in Europe, trying to spread the word of bitcoin to women and I know it's not easy. Doing it in Africa, is so much harder. 
I love the way you said it in the video that giving bitcoin to others is like spreading love and taking care of needs of others. That is one aspect that is important to women. Charity, taking care of others and finding way how bitcoin can improve daily lives of people and other living beings that we care about. 
Please send me an email so I can share with you information and see in what way I can help. I will be also sending a small donation to help with your work. 
info 
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:49:30
I have put the information out about the cause out and wrote: if you can donate if not prayer or kind thought will be sufficient. 
Which of those two have you supplied with your post?
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:51:42
I have asked about insurance a friend that lives in USA, as family does. Apparently, even if you have insurance, you are not always fully covered for such big health issues as brain surgery. I live in EU and I am covered fully by my health insurance.
@_date: 2014-05-14 10:12:24
What is proper discussion about bitcoin? What can it include and what it should not?
When helped Mr. Dorian, that was not a proper discussion about bitcoin either in your oppinion?
@_date: 2014-02-16 11:23:12
Credit cards carry high fees. That is one valid point. But I would separate two things:
1. Wide spread adoption among masses
2. Adoption by businesses and stores
I think that businesses are more to profit from adoption of bitcoin in a short term, then average consumer is. Businesses can calculate how much money they will save by accepting bitcoin, instead of paying large sums of fiat to payment processors. That is why imo, they will drive the consumers to start looking into bitcoin and not the other way around. 
Those you put into 'hardcore user market' category are us, who see the broader value of bitcoin and have adopted bitcoin also from other reasons early on. But in order for wider adoption, I think two major things need to happen:
1. More reliable, safe and simple technical solutions for consumer must be introduced
2. Explanations for average people need to be tailored according to their interests and be much more simple then for us 'hardcore' users.
We are still in the early years. Bitcoin is still a baby and as more technically capable people start looking into bitcoin, finding innovative ways to add value to bitcoin system as a whole trough bitcoin related products and services, more people will feel it's easier and safer to use it. 
Meanwhile, we need to be gentle and patient with new users and average people with trying to find ways to explain basics in terms they understand. Pebble by pebble, as Andreas said,  we are all bitcoin PR.
@_date: 2014-06-16 11:25:44
Is this is example of what you are thinking about? 
Crypto scratch cards from Prypto 
@_date: 2014-01-04 11:33:48
Hello :)
As one of the rare women dealing with bitcoin (both trading and mining) and as a stockbroker from Europe, I do agree with a lot of your insights. Cyprus was a wake up call for me and nudged me to grasp the wider scope of Bitcoins. Before that it was mostly a fun thing I was playing with. I have a slightly different view of how a wider adoption should proceed. I think we should work more on technical solutions and make it easy for majority of population to adopt it, then start with marketing and then WS and other financial institutions/investors will follow. I think pushing aggressively for adoption without some better technical solutions surrounding Bitcoin trading is not wise. 
My question is regarding technical platforms that Bitcoin uses for trading at the moment. Do you think that exchanges like Mt.Gox or Bitstamp are good enough to facilitate trading? What would you add to to the trading platform or what would you do differently? I personally see much room for improvement there. 
@_date: 2014-04-09 10:20:54
Upvoted! :) Like I told you on twitter, I am sorry contest is only valid in the US :) I will tweet about it, so hopefully you will get more reviews from the US. Let me know if you need any additional help.
@_date: 2014-05-16 10:48:50
I am not collecting anything. I have posted the news about 2 young girls getting into crypto and bitcoin and the reason for it and supplied proof that this is true. Different articles and videos supporting it's legit news. 
Maybe I should have just posted link to existing article about it like in CCN. Ppl submit all sorts of links and info in connection with bitcoin in this sub. I don't get it why is this one so attacked from few of you guys. Then again, everybody has right to his/her own opinion. You have voiced yours and I have voiced mine and that is it as far as I am concerned. :) 
EDIT: Decided to expand on this message to be perfectly clear. I have not know this family before I saw news on the twitter, I don't know them personally, I don't collect money on their behalf, I am not connected to any of the wallets or fundraisers they have going on. 
I do work on promoting bitcoin within female community. Those 2 young girls getting into crypto to help their sister is  - among other things  - a great opportunity to help spread the positive image of bitcoin and crypto in general. Their family knows about crypto now, the whole Ocala knows about it and TV20 news with listed wallet addresses broadcasted crypto in Florida. 
Charity crypto causes help wider adoption, do a good job for image of bitcon burdened by Gox and other negative news in connection to it. I strongly believe this is important for bitcoin as a system. And you know what? If that means to be called idiot and ignorant by some people, fine. 
The whole crypto community with many different alt-coins is rallying behind this cause now and few people in this sub are questioning whether I am soliciting bitcoin or not. Reading that second paragraph of rules it's clear to me I do not break any. This is big cause with many people involved, I do not accept bitcoin or any other crypto coin on behalf of charity or begging for myself or anybody else. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 20:44:11
And now tweet from BTC-e:
BTC-E 
Due DDOS on Bitcoin network there is a delay possible with crediting of transactions madden between 10-11 February. Be patient please 
9:09 PM - 11 Feb 2014
@_date: 2014-05-15 23:42:03
Is this what you were looking for? Good enough proof for you?
@_date: 2014-03-21 17:38:00
Great mission!  supports this charity and will spread the word. Also will be sending donation your way!
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:29:35
Not really. Because once you transfer the mined bitcoins to exchange and sell them, you are obliged to pay tax on the first sale. It would only pay off if the price would crash and I would sell them and then re-buy lower or or at same price. In that case I would have same number of coins and low incom to pay a tax from. From then on trading income is not taxed.
If you are not legal entity (company or sole trader) you can not deduce costs of mining (equipment, electricity...) in Slovenia.
So what is best is to mine and spend bitcoins in it's original form. That is not traceable. Or use those coins to move to cold storage as long term saving. And always have separate wallet address and exchange account for trading. It's best not to mix mined and traded bitcoins. It has worked for me so far.
@_date: 2014-05-14 11:07:43
Woah, sir you really are something. 
Called me ignorant and idiot. Thank you. 
Again and for the last time: I have posted INFORMATION with LINKS to EVENT about 2 young girls getting into crypto to help their sister. As any other info found on the internet that involves bitcoin. 
I am not fundraising myself, I am not collecting funds, I don't control any of family wallets. I am sympathetic to their cause and by posting ABOUT IT I have posted info connected to bitcoin. Begging for bitcoin and posting info about 2 young girls getting into cypto because they want to help sister is in my view not the same. Therefore I don't think I am breaking any rules.
The only one ignoring every point that does not suit you, is you. 
As for your comment in the post below quote: "Bitcoin solves the lack of trust humans have for each other via proof of work and using greed + common interest (invested greed) as the motivator." I think that sadly you are the one who does not understand bitcoin. Technology facilitates human decisions. Public ledger that requires no trust to transfer value, does not mean your human decisions are trust-less.
With this I am ending this discussion. We are so far apart in our opinion that I don't think further talk will change anything.
Have a nice day.
@_date: 2014-05-16 10:39:52
No it was not meant that way. As I said, different people need different amounts of proof. Not sure what was your standard, so I asked.
@_date: 2014-04-09 16:43:00
It's always easier to hate then to make an effort to learn something. Glad that you made the giant leap separating two. 
@_date: 2014-03-25 21:20:27
There were never so many coins locked in their cold storage or old wallets in the first place. At least Blockchain doesn't confirm it at this point. The most tangible amount was that of 424242 bitcoins moved by Karpeles in 2011. Portion of those coins were on the move recently. 
But for people who like magic cards, I have written a blog post with lots of cards representing whole Mt.Gox story. There is also full blown infographic with all magic cards on the table. 
@_date: 2014-06-14 14:31:46
The beauty about open source is that anyone can decide to do his/her version and make their dream come true. Start by writing the paper about key issues and changes you think need to be fixed and/or done differently and publish it. You might find people who agree with you and go about creating what you perceive as a dream that Satoshi Nakamoto had. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 23:45:57
No, I would not expect YOU to donate anything to that family. FYI, economy is built by people and communities.
I hope you get the same attitude from others when you need help.
@_date: 2014-03-13 14:28:34
Found this:
@_date: 2014-05-14 10:38:14
I think generosity is part of bitcoin or at least it should be. We have a difference of opinion here Also, you seem to think that begging for bitcoin and posting info about 2 young girls getting in crypto to help their sister is same thing. I disagree with you on this point too.
I see no difference between misfortune of being made a public spectacle and a girl fighting for her life. Both depend on individual decision if information supplied is enough to help or not. None is mandatory.
I am not asking for donations for myself and my family. I live on the other side of the planet from family and I am trying to help by notifying community.
The difference between scammers and non scammers is in proof they supply.
You have the video, her name, her high school, her hospital, her family info. It's up to you to decide if you care about it or not. If you don't, just ignore it. Why such lengthy discussion here?
@_date: 2014-07-02 16:27:12
@_date: 2014-05-15 08:22:32
They have supplied:
1. Name of mother - Amy Whittemore
2. Location where they live - Ocala
3. Her High school - Forest High School Ocala
4. Location of hospital where is is atm - Shands
5. Video by her sisters
6. Contact by family member on twitter 
Genuinely curious what more would you need as proof? What would convince you?
I accept some people need more proof then the others. All I can say is this is proof enough for me to try and help them by posting about it and donating my own money. Family said it is open to interviews and questions and ready to supply more proof if necessary. Just ask them. Kaz seems to be replying on twitter promptly (US time).
I have not posted this news to convince people to donate. I have seen news, found it interesting that 2 young girls got into crypto to help their sister, felt sorry for that family and posted on reddit, as many other news get posted, that have connection to bitcoin. Is proof they offer sufficient for you to get involved or not, is up to you. You can always contact family directly. I am not fundraising myself or collecting any funds. Even those 2 tips I received in connection to this news I posted, I have sent to family on twitter via changetip. 
I am baffled by some comments and negativity directed at me personally for posting it. Luckily, I am on the internet long enough and have followed for years, so I am used to it. But other women might not be and this type of behavior drives them away from crypto and Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 09:17:38
I'll send link to this post to Peyton's family. It's up to them to decide if they want/can to do something about it to supply public with more information. 
See, that point about dubious - it is obviously very individual. Some people need more proof then others. I am ok with information they provided. From your point of view you might think I am naive for trusting information that was provided and that should be more corroborated in your view, but you voiced your opinion in a nice and civil way. That is very fine. It's ok to have different views. Again, info provided by them was good enough for me to find it interesting that 2 girls got into cypto and post it here.
But the point of me soliciting money? I have stated I don't do any fundraising or collect money in any way. What part of post should I change to avoid ppl thinking I am collecting funds?
@_date: 2014-02-16 10:05:23
If you tried to serve that explanation to me, I would make a face and cross you from my list of people I can talk to. But then again, I am not a standard female type and I do not go to cocktail parties a lot ;)
May I suggest a different approach for such occasion? 
"Bitcoin is a wonderful new technology, that you can use to buy things you need, without paying high commissions to banks, so you save money in your pocket and you can send it over internet instantly. You can support your favorite charity by sending Bitcoin to help save that dog waiting on death row now! Your kid in college spent monthly allowance already and needs to pay for food? Send him bitcoins and he will be able to buy dinner in 10 minutes! It's digital money that helps you accomplish things in your life that are important to you with minimum effort and maximum efficiency, saving you time." 
Majority of women need Bitcoin explained in different ways then males do, but that doesn't mean they are stupid. They just need to hear the explanation that fits with their understanding of the world and how they comprehend it. Detailed and complicated technical explanations are not appropriate, simply because most of the women don't care about them. You need to tailor the explanation the way they perceive the importance of things in their lives, and that will work. 
Edit: A typo.
@_date: 2014-02-16 11:45:19
For being happy life, you just need to be compatible with few great people. Quantity is not substitute for quality. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 23:58:12
Usually people post proof on reddit. That video is the best thing those girls could come up with. A friend I know spoke to family. I was offered to speak with mother, but decided it's too hard for me to speak with a woman, who's child is fighting for her life. 
You can always call hospital if you need more proof. It's stated where she is, who she is what school is she from. Easy to check on the net.  Or contact family on twitter and then even on phone.
I guess at the end it comes to your decision if that proof is good enough for you to donate or not and if you can. Not much philosophy :)
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:53:20
Terkala replied to this nicely. I am with Bitstamp. I will just add that buying on exchange is not affected. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:02:52
Outstanding! I have been trying to explain this to people. The power of bitcoin community is the power of believing we can do better for people of the future, then existing systems can. Still, where there are people, there is greed and there is darkness. But there is also light. China and Russia banning bitcoin, Mt.Gox mess .. none of this shakes the fundamental protocol and the technology that is made for the future. Like every fight, it's going to take time to win the war. There will be many battles and from each we learn and improve. 
@_date: 2014-03-25 21:23:21
Bitcoin gains are tax free in Slovenia, Europe since last year. 
Mined coins are taxable as income the minute you sell them. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 19:04:09
@_date: 2014-05-14 20:38:24
@_date: 2014-06-02 16:00:55
I suggest your attorney contacts Mt.Gox bankruptcy administrator, attorney Nobuaki Kobayashi. IMHO it should be possible to get them back.
@_date: 2014-05-14 10:05:01
Or opportunity for bitcoin to build a better world by building a community of tightly knit people who help each other.
Your argument is same as government officials use when warning of bitcoin. Because of Mt.Gox, bitcoin is scam. Really?
@_date: 2014-01-04 11:58:43
What would you do differently if you would be the one setting up the exchange. Or to put it this way, what features would you like to see on exchange so that you would be happy with it? 
@_date: 2014-05-13 23:50:01
Nobody is begging for bitcoin. And I am not accepting bitcoin on behalf of anybody. As stated above, I just posted news of Peyton's fight for her life and her sisters trying to help. 
Anybody can decide for themselves if they want to get involved or not. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:57:34
I am talking to her sister, so the family would do a short video asking for donations and help - proof of identity. I will post when I have that and redmoondoge would add info to this post. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 10:21:40
You should really watch Eden of the East. I think in essence, this is Anime about spirit of bitcoin and what would you do if you would be given the power and means to do whatever you wanted :)
@_date: 2014-02-16 11:55:27
When I talk about average people, I talk about mass adoption, people that are not interested or capable of understanding long technical explanation. Also saying I am not average doesn't mean I am better. Just different. 
I wonder why you felt threatened with what I have written? If I have made you feel bad in any way, it was not my intention. I don't just follow bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-05-08 14:53:47
I agree. It is a good time to buy bitcoin. I wrote about it in my blog post Bitcoin - crossing the chasm, 2 weeks ago.
We are close to the bottom of Trough of disillusionment of Technology adoption life cycle. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 08:30:42
As said I have been told many insurance plans don't cover such complicated cases as brain surgery. Please contact family if you need more info about that. I don't have more information regarding that. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 19:27:38
Issues that Mt. Gox is facing are much more serious then what Bitstamp is facing. 
Gox blamed it only on malleability after spreading fog for weeks to conceal their inability to operate professionally and refusing to admit the problem. After their press release, blaming it on malleability, hackers trying same on other exchanges is not news. 
On the other hand Bitstamp released timely and professional press release saying: "This is a denial-of-service attack made possible by some misunderstandings in Bitcoin wallet implementations. These misunderstandings have simple solutions that are being implemented as we speak, and we're confident everything will be back to normal shortly."
Meanwhile I am in line buying more cheap coins, because none of this has shaken my trust in Bitcoin and what it represents. Every child experiences some growth problems, that does not mean we should renounce the child after some relatively minor, isolated and repairable technical issues. 
Where Mt. Gox went terribly wrong with it's custom software and their attitude towards customers is by no means the measure for the whole Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2014-02-16 10:57:36
Average boys need to have bitcoin explained in relevant terms for them. What do average boys care about? Not sure. Don't associate much with those types of boys/men. I guess football, cars, women? Then the explanation would need to fit those topics of how and why would the use of bitcoin benefit those areas they are interested in. 
For average people (female and male alike) we need to use the examples of what they can accomplish with bitcoin that is close to their fields of interest and make the point of why is it better to use bitcoin then cash. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 10:53:53
You can't say that you will publish an official statement on this subject in the next hours and then say nothing for 2 days. It's unprofessional and very bad for credibility of P2P Foundation. Unless you acted on your own posting this and now can't deliver in which case it's bad for your own reputation. 
EDIT: This tweet is what I have found. But no official statement or update here found.
And this blog post: 
@_date: 2014-05-14 10:26:18
I think bitcoin is such layered phenomenon, that different people have different ideas about it's core concept and they might vary. The community can be and is usually consisting of smaller groups/sub communities.
If your sentence about not requiring trust would be true, then you would donate, without asking for proof. I think trust is always needed with human interaction and not with protocol. Once a human decides whatever interaction with other human is sufficient for him, he/she uses P2P network that is decentralized. But the starting point is always human and decisions he/she makes include the trust. Sending bitcoin is consequence.
@_date: 2014-06-02 08:20:40
INTJ - miner, trader, female. Bitcoin is not about gender, but about same beauty of mind. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 15:53:56
This is so wrong on so many levels. You don't give power to the same people that have ruined society to begin with. They have proved that they don't care about people, but for their own pockets only.
Central global authority is fail because humans are imperfect. We make mistakes, are easily manipulated and weak. Not fit to supervise any system where any resource is to be divided in a sustainable and ethical way. 
51% attack is counterproductive for miners who mine for profit. If government were to own those farms I would possibly be somwhat afraid.  Satoshi and early adopters won't sell their coins now. System is too vulnerable and undeveloped to enable that. People won't cut the branch they are sitting on. Wealthy people owning fiat have already started transferring part of their fiat into bitcoin. 
Only way to control financial system and assure its ethical and correct in processing is trough math and decentralization and away from powers that have brought us to the point where we are now. 
@_date: 2015-01-04 19:57:14
I just saw that my tweet was linked here. Thank you for your input. It will be included into matrix :)
@_date: 2014-02-16 11:39:44
You know, I have been thinking about that Bitcoin vs. Doge community 'fight'. I think it's very unproductive and damaging to the whole crypto community when we fight among ourselves. There are few thoughts that I had and are related to this subject.
1. Most geeks and nerds are elitist by design. We are top 5% of population.
I understand that feeling of being proud when you understand things majority of people don't. But that can lead to a serious ego trap. As you grow up, you either get over it or are stuck with it. But mostly, you get more patient and forgiving to those that are born 'average' so you try to help them if you can. That is positive attitude. 
2. Doge community is exceptional. Not because of the coin itself, but because the community attracts a special breed of geeks and nerds. The generosity and fun driven people. Personally I value generosity and kindness  immensely. 
That said, bicoin community also has a vast number of charities and very generous people too, but since it was first to be formed, it contains a bit more elitism.
At the end of the day, I think that all crypto communities should work to help one another and be respectful to each other and of other people ideas and passions. 
Value of Bitcoin, Doge or any other crypto coin is not in the code, but in people using it for the reasons they find worthy. 
Edit: typos
