@_author: bitcoinbelle1
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:07:45
Men and women communicate differently in general regardless of subject matter; women in the US make 80% of all retail purchases; a crucial aspect of self-ownership is the capacity to own the fruit of your labor &amp; to make voluntary exchanges. The Blockchain doesn't think but I do.
@_date: 2014-12-19 22:01:42
The author doesn't know but one or two of the gals; I know all but one, I believe. 
I hear what you are saying but as one of the cofounders of Bitcoin GNO with Pua Pyland aka The Bitcoin Wife, I am just thrilled that they are even being mentioned. He was lax in his research as pretty much everyone knows who I am due to my loud, bossy mouth :p and that I was a co-host on Free Talk Live when Roger Ver and Erik Vorhees first heard of it- I would have given him a list and have given 20 or so names since to Franko.
Do you know any gals in crypto and would like to see them get some recognition? I'm  if you want to Tweet me name. :)
Are you a man or woman? 
@_date: 2014-12-19 19:24:09
Thanks for sharing! I am so happy to see Catheryn at the top of this list. &lt;3 There are some really fantastic women who deserve mentioning from oversees: Rhian Lewis, coder; Anna Gurth, organizer of first all women bitcoin meetup in Berlin; Magda, Polish translator of all things Bitcoin; True Bitcoin Girl, sage, computer programmer; Dale from Melbourne, disruptor extraordinaire, and Alakanani who put Bitcoin on the map in a very meaningful way waaay beyond Botswana. 
And Pua, come baaaaaaaaaaaack! &lt;3
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:53:52
Actually, no, you are incorrect on that one. I have three children who are now adults. I raised them without television and they were homeschooled. They all did the same sports- all elite skiers. I can assure you that testosterone, like it, or not, plays a huge role in development of body, mind, and emotions. We are chemicals, after all.
You should not be afraid or ashamed of communicating differently- how boring to all be the same. The intricateness of the feminine mind is something to behold as is the unabashed risk taking of the masculine. I intentionally did not say female/male because there are crossovers as we know. 
I remember the day my 4-year-old daughter arranged the matchbox cars according to color and her younger brother, age two, stacked the dishes and knocked them down. They were a fun observation for this philosopher who considered that your point may have been true. I am convinced that it is not and wouldn't want it any other way. 
@_date: 2015-01-02 03:14:39
Well kids, I'm not techie but I do love to cook and I'm a mom who uses analogies for everything, so, here's a good one for you regarding scum like Josh. 
When heating milk (in this case Bitcoin adoption), in order to prevent a scum from forming, there are really 3 options: stir during heating (We tried that when discussing on Free Talk Live but once the price spiked, nobody wanted to listen to warnings of any kind); use a covered container (not possible to keep a lid on it before or now); beat with a beater to form a foam (Painful as fuck but regulators and the State are certainly beating away. Not sure what will remain when they're finished)
My preference would have been  as it is more prudent and a better strategy where cost benefit is concerned- way less collateral damage. However, nearly EVERYONE got caught up in the irrational exuberance so that ship has sailed.  see above.  is still possible with intense self-discipline and a determined focus to make choices that are based upon restraint and overall integrity in denying with near perfect record the State, regulation AND human error. Hmm...how many of you are turning out for Ross's trial? Right, so we know  is not likely.
So where does that leave us? Creating a strainer to sieve the scum from the top so that cream remains once the milk is heated, or in this case, community has grown. 
There...my 2 satoshis. :) 
@_date: 2015-01-02 02:44:43
Nah. It's not for noobs. But I hear your point. What about a public shunning instead? Ostracism is so effective if done right. A group of us ladies from all over the country are meeting up there for our Bitcoin GNO get-together. We like trouble. :)