@_author: bitc0ingenius
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:32:00
Yes, and I'm not saying that option  seems wrong in the sense that it's not legal. What I was implying is that if the IRS decided to interpret it that way then it would set a precedent that they probably would not like.
It would be the same with bitcoins deposited and then withdrawn from an exchange. So, you wouldn't even need to use a mixing service per se.
And then, let's say the exchanges started coloring the coins to keep track of their purchased value. Then you'd receive a coin that had a lower value then what you bought it for in the eyes of the IRS.
Things would get really messy.
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:34:06
No, it's like buying a Magic the Gathering card for $1000, throwing it in a big box with other MtG cards from other people, and then randomly picking one back out.
All the cards are being treated as though they are equivalent.
Therefore, sending your coins through a mixing service and getting back coins means that you don't know what the coins you get back were originally purchased for.
Forgot to say in my analogy that the MtG card you get back out of the box had it's face erased so you couldn't tell what the person that threw it in the box bought it for.
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:04:45
Option  seems pretty wrong. I start with 1 bitcoin purchased at $1000, I send it through Shared Send and get back a bitcoin worth $580? You know what that would mean? In order to get a tax break on capital losses, I don't even need to sell my bitcoins. I could just send my expensively-purchased bitcoins through a mixer and claim, "Hey, I just realized capital loss because my bitcoin I got back is indeterminate in value, and thus I can just say it is worth the current market value." If the IRS went with option  then it would open up a Pandora's Box that they would never be able to close.
Option  could be explained as a person wanting to maintain their anonymity with regards to their Bitcoin addresses. I don't want some website I bought something from keeping a database of personal information tied to my Bitcoin addresses and selling that information to a third party.