@_author: bitcoininheritance
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:02:46
(Throwaway account for obvious reasons...)
This is my solution:
First of all, I'm in the fortunate situation that I have, in different family branches, 4 different persons (living in 4 different households and cities) who I trust implicitly. Yes, I trust them absolutely, 100%, that they would never collude against me even if bitcoin lands on the moon and "millions" are at stake. Using this fortunate constellation, here's what I did:
I got a Trezor and transferred my bitcoin holdings to a wallet with the usual 24 words recovery seed (=256 bits of entropy) that also uses a passphrase. For this I chose a strong totally random passphrase that also has ~256 bits of entropy. So both the seed and the passphrase alone are useless, as it is impossible to brute-force the missing part.
I wrote a detailed instruction letter explaining about the fact that I own bitcoins, that they are stored on a Trezor, etc. This letter also includes dire warnings about how easy it is to do something wrong regarding bitcoins, so that it is probably a good idea to first educate yourself about bitcoins and maybe get help from a trusted person (but even then, make sure not to expose the secrets to that person) before actually doing something with the bitcoin inheritance. Sort of: Just let the bitcoins be where they are, until you know what you are doing!
This instruction letter also contains the 24 word seed and contains the information that an additional passphrase is still missing and has been recorded in a separate letter.
(The instruction letter also contains other instructions for other online accounts of mine that have nothing to do with crypto.)
Obviously, I then also wrote a password letter with my most important passwords (not only for bitcoin) and the Trezor passphrase, that contains no additional information whatsoever, just a numbered list of passwords (the other instruction letter has the info about what password is used for what purpose).
Then I made two copies of the instruction letter and gave it to two different persons and I made two copies of the password letter and gave it to two *other* persons (so there's why I needed 4 trusted persons).
So there's a double copy of both letters in different households (redundancy against catastrophe or plain forgetfulness), each of which does not have enough information to be useful alone (redundancy against some other person, like a burglar, finding such a letter).
Ah yes, and the instruction letter also cautions, that after my death, to never keep the instruction letter (with the seed) and the password letter (with the passphrase) in the same place, unless that place is *very* secure!
The one big draw back with that setup is, that some of these trusted persons are older than I am, and some are of the same age. So there's a chance that some will die before me. I'll have to revisit this again if that happens, i.e. if I no longer have access to 4 different trusted persons.