@_author: bitcoinphanatic
@_date: 2016-08-03 16:32:32
I have seven young children who are almost starving. Pick me! :)
@_date: 2016-06-27 18:59:47
Great to see they're actually taking BTC somewhat seriously.
"Disaster hedge", nice.
Well they better buckle up. Winter for fiat is coming :)
@_date: 2016-06-27 18:49:11
Die hard Bitcoin fan here, and visited Arnhem on multiple occasions.


Just guessing but I'm pretty sure nobody (yet) is actually receiving their salary in BTC.


Obviously none, that's simply not realistic. There are currently 100 or so merchants accepting BTC in Arnhem, but you can't expect them to take ONLY bitcoin. 


For all my payments at brick and mortar shops (that would be a few dozen, mostly in Arnhem) I used my iPhone with breadwallet. Had 100% success rate so far. Merchants typically have a tablet or TV screen or just a smartphone. When asking if I can pay with Bitcoin, the cashier shows me a QR code, I send the bitcoins and I'm done. Never had to wait for confirmations or anything. On some occasions it took them a minute or so to actually open their wallet or find their address (I assumed their staff wasn't too experienced with it) but other than that it worked flawlessly.
I was curious at first to see if I had to wait for my tx to be confirmed, but fortunately that wasn't the case. In fact when asking about this they didn't seem to understand what it even is. I guess they just know how to use Bitcoin in practice, but don't understand the first thing about what it is exactly, or how it actually works (same with banking payments or credit cards probably).


I definitely intend to keep using Bitcoin in Arnhem and other cities (and online as well). For me as a BTC user I think it's great to see more and more businesses starting to accept BTC and I'm supporting this as much as possible. The more we use it, the more other people will notice and recognize BTC being used for actual everyday payments (and not just drugs or guns or whatever false bullshit impression they get from the mainstream media).
Viva la revolución! It's happening!
@_date: 2016-06-27 19:14:31
No surprises here. Banksters protecting their interests in "blockchain" rip off schemes in a desperate attempt to keep ahead of the competition from crypto. Gonna be fun watching them struggle.