@_author: bitcoin-will-die
@_date: 2014-03-05 14:57:48
It's funny how none of you replies to this FACT:
Bitcoin can be used by anyone. This means the amount of fake, criminal ecommerce websites accepting bitcoin will only increase. A criminal somewhere in Africa with access to internet could set up an incredibly nice webshop, take your bitcoin, and that's it. That's not possible with PayPal, credit cards, etc. Even if they steal from you, you have buyer protection. And criminals can't just accept PayPal for their business, or credit cards, they have to go through a process before they are accepted as a merchant.
That's the BIGGEST disadvantage of bitcoin and what will most likely KILL IT.
Bitcoin will NOT survive without customer trust.
Customer don't trust something unless they are fully protected.
Or BIG chains like Overstock have to accept it.
And we've seen that nobody really purchases from Overstock. Those who purchase, probably would've purchased that stuff anyway. Their sales are dropping. They barely make 13K sales in bitcoin a day, and that's the largest retailer. 
It will continue to go down. 
13K in sales = nothing for a big chain like Overstock.
I believe they made 1 million in the first month.
So it's already going down HARD. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 13:53:59
How boring is your life if you only read and talk about stuff you're 1000% interested in. You must be the world's most ignorant, selfish, and uninteresting person.
@_date: 2014-03-05 13:52:58
It's not false, it is the truth. I don't care if some service provides a workaround, but if you want true, safe, bitcoin storage (which does not exist, you will always have the responsibility of keeping it safe, 1 small mistake and all your money is GONE FOREVER).
That's why bitcoin will NEVER survive, for now, it will. People are making money out of it.
But 99% of the world won't because the current financial systems are OK for them, they don't need a ''digital currency'' (it's not even a currency, the smartest investors in the world, Warren Buffett, smashed bitcoin. If even he doesn't trust it, 1 single person with a net worth 8 times bigger than all cryptocurrencies market cap combined, than it's over and DONE).
Bitcoin's future = something in the line of penny stocks.