@_author: bitcoin1776
@_date: 2019-07-18 17:55:29
There is some trading term called the Jaded Lizard lol
Those fellas go nuts.
@_date: 2019-07-23 19:03:56
DCA is an absolutely terrible strategy *for profit* but great for budgeting. Do Price Cost Averaging for profit. It works like this (in current market): Pick a range - say $10k to $6k. Decide how much BTC to buy, say $10,000.
Split your orders buying $2k @ $10k, $9k, $8k, $7k, $6k.
100% of the time this works better than DCA. Because you catch down spikes. I've bought BTC at $3,200, which only lasted like 15 minutes, because I had orders on books. **This ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS yields more BTC.**
However, we are CERTAINLY in an up market. Aim to acquire all BTC for the next two years in the next 2 months, then hold. Grabbing all BTC you want on your first purchase is a good decision, but if you want to make the BEST decision, you do PCA - which is particularly useful when purchasing large amounts.
PCA also has the secondary function of reducing Bitcoin variance. BTC is strongest when it varies the least, yet climbs up. Spiking up and down hurts demand. If you do PCA you reduce variance, and bolster demand - it's a win, win, win - for us, for you, for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-26 01:29:04
Ya, **like-kind is bullshit** (CPA).
If anyone needs helps with taxes, message me. But Yes, I charge money. I do know Bitcoin.
The most common mistake is reporting *net*. Basically it is VERY easy to have Proceeds of $2 Mil, Costs of $1.9 Mil - Profits $100,000. A lot of people want to just report the net, $100,000. This is where the IRS auto-computer gets you.
Then the IRS says the $2 Mil of proceeds is probably pure profit, with $500k of tax or whatever... instead of combining it with the $1.9 Mil of costs, to get the net.
Bitcoin.tax (I think it's called) is what I like personally, and it's what I use. My suggestion is not to fuck around. You'll get a lien on assets within months, if we are talking real money.
@_date: 2019-07-25 23:03:13
It does not nincompoop. People who speed around country roads always *believe* nothing is around the corner..
Never EVER hold an investment for emotional reasons - this is like 80% of Alt Coin valuation; sunk cost, social commitment, and coin identification, stimulating emotion. Do not say "I am a Bitcoin'er" or tell friends, family "Believe in Bitcoin, it is the one" or start an organization called "Bitcoin is always the tits" - this line of thinking breeds fault.
I AM telling people to buy Bitcoin, but I am (now) VERY clear to buy it below $15k and hold 2 years, and sell at $40k - I only do this now cause people are morons and when I said last time to buy at $1.5k someone texted me at $15k "hey man, bought your Bitcoin, hope you are right" - I'm like YOU FUCKING MORON, it is a priced asset, BUY BITCOIN AT A PRICE, not any goddamn price, and then associate me with your failings.
Bitcoin is a Fiat hedge. Is there a possibility Fiat wins? Yes. Extensive persecution, government sponsored replacement, or global war with a new government enforcing their crypto, etc.
Also, the 'Tether printing' is a huge problem for the US. Effectively these are counterfeit dollar bills (presuming reserves are less than 100%), and the US must act upon this - otherwise Fiat loses all advantages (fiat has advantage vs hard money in the form of directed economic stimulus, largely unnoticed, via printing, where as Tethers print US dollars and stimulate themselves only).
Another significant risk is 'centralization of Bitcoin leadership' and obfuscation. Many might suggest this has already significantly altered Bitcoin, but at this time I (personally) feel it is fine. If transaction fees are *regularly* $5, I will want bigger blocks - but the Lightning / Side Chain people are economically against this. The more sane system is to aim for $0.25 to $5 transaction fees (a range) as opposed to 'free' or 'uncapped expense'.
But this is nothing compared to the major Alt Coin kabul which is now taking a 'decentralized' chain and instituting a fee for 'management' - without defining who is the manager lol (obviously just them). Once in place (and I hope it passes) the Alt Coin will become another Fiat like system. Morons of this magnitude have not infected Bitcoin yet - but we are closer than you think.
There are risks to Bitcoin. Yes, I did actually buy at $3,200. Why? BECAUSE I DO NOT GIVE A FUCK. I do not use emotions to buy, I spread buys over 5 price points, always. I call this Price Cost Averaging, and it is insanely effective (I'll be getting a book out shortly detailing some tricks).
And yes, I promote Bitcoin AT A PRICE. I will *aggressively* promote Bitcoin until $15k, at which point I'll back off. I mail out flyers, I put up banners, I do 1 on 1 with friends / family, I do paid consulting to the rich homies.
That means I promote Bitcoin for 6 months every 4 years, basically. There are times when it is too risky, when the price is high, and you must anticipate a moronic public - these people worship sky spirits, the nuance of buying things "at a price" is WHOA, super far out there bro. You're either all in, or all out they say. You are with us, or against - AT ALL TIMES, IN EVERY CHOICE OF YOUR LIFE!
This is how the commoner thinks. Instead, one is better to promote Bitcoin when price is low, and to be explicit with friends, family.
Do not let them call you a Bitcoiner - Call yourself an $10k Bitcoin'er or a $15k Bitcoin'er. Name THE FUCKING PRICE.
Those fucking morons think you lose money when you buy at $1.5k and it drops from $20k to $15k.
Make it clear, they are fucking morons, and that $15k is bigger than $1.5k you fucking twat.
I always tell people how much money I've made them. I don't give a shit if they take action. If they have $10k and I say buy two BTC at $5k, I ALWAYS SHOUT IN THEIR FUCKING FACE that I made them $10,000 profit, and they owe me 10% ($1k).
This gets their stupid fucking ass to shut the fuck up. "It's a risky investment" - Don't give a shit homes, you owe me $1k. Pay the fuck up, and that'll leave you with $9,000 profit - so far - and this will grow. Pay me the fucking money, or shut your fucking mouth.
Absolutely don't care of the opinion of others. Put up &amp; pay up, or shut the fuck up loser.
If I waste my fucking goddamn time teaching you to code, and you continue washing dishes, I bill you the fucking same asshole. Your failure is yours alone, but I demand basic adherence to protocol.
If you can't buy 2 Bitcoins at $5k because you're a scared little baby, doesn't fucking matter to me. You're just another crossed off the list. NEXT!
@_date: 2019-07-28 22:02:00
True, but I didn't admit to anything guilty.
"setup a nonprofit" followed by "could".
Also, if curious, that is all perfectly legal. It's just a more conniving way of saying it, but not at all illegal.
Just as an aside, I never recommend anyone break the law. However, as a CPA, I am capable of using the law to my advantage. To many this seems 'unfair'. Which is sort of like saying everyone who got into crypto early profited unfairly - they used the study of hard skills for personal (rather than societal) profits.
The surprising thing I realize is most people don't realize how much you are missing out by not hiring a CPA or someone as skilled as I am. I will attest I'm far more skilled in crypto related issues than anyone you could hire for under $30k, most like - everyone at my skill level works exclusively for Venture Capitalists, I'm just waiting to get picked up, or start my own firm.
The other thing I do is ignore the loose talk. Yes, you can hire your 'grand daughter' as your VP of Customer Relations and pass on $20k of income to her... or just call it 'hiring all your family members' as it is practically applied. Even the statement of 'hire all your relatives and funnel income to them' is not illegal, so long as they are given positions and duties, and it's all reported on taxes, etc.
If someone misconstrues what I'm saying to mean 'break the law', that will ultimately be on them, but I'm actually a strict adherent to the law, as is my requirement. Yet, at the same time, I take steps to minimize tax burdens. But these things must be done proactively, vs retroactively.
In effect, you should always get fucked once or twice on the tax bill. After that, you are a total moron if you don't hire a CPA, who is actually good. If you make $200k+ in crypto income / yr, always seek tax council BEFORE year end (like in October). Plan to spend $5k minimum (for someone good) - and plan for it to be work (making companies, etc).
I know a guy who might end up with $1 Mil in reportable crypto profits in 1 year and pay *close to* no tax on this, legally. Others might pay $250,000 in taxes. I also know a guy who pays $250,000 in taxes, but balked at paying me $1k for tax advice... so, you make your own bed, so to speak.
@_date: 2019-07-25 23:48:47
Don't wait 4 months :)
I will say publicly I'll be all in if it hits $7k again. If it holds $9k another week, I'll start itching to get all in all the same, increasing holdings week after week.
Always aim for a price + time. Everyone should be all in by $5k, really. But you got until Nov for the next big boom boom. But it is wiser to inch in vs hope to get lucky.
The risk today $10k to $5k for 4 months before it hits $10k again, is relative minor - 50% loss for 4 months. The risk of not buying is far, far greater. It *could* hit $30k and hold there by Nov.
The safest move is what I do, which is split orders into 5 and place them along buy points, like:
$1k @ $9k, $1k @ $8k, $1k @ $7k, etc..
Then if it goes too long (general a month) without a hit, force one into the strike zone, and keep the other upon reserve. You want to be all in within 2 months, almost always, IMO.
This was a semi-erratic rise. But BTC has held above $5.5k for 3 months now. $8k is a totally legit buy. $10k is increasingly safe, the longer it hold. It it holds $9k another month, I speculate it will skyrocket to $20k. It it dips to like $7k, then it will rise back to $15k by Nov, all the same (IMO).
I am more of a long-term holder (for reasons), but yes, at this time I am near maxed in, with like 0.90 BTC with the goal of obtaining 1. I will complete this before it hits $20k or before Oct, but at the moment I am stretched :P
I appreciate the compliment by the way :)
@_date: 2019-07-26 01:50:57
Correct (CPA).
@_date: 2019-07-01 17:30:21
Andreas, Ver, Draper, Winklevoss have millions in Bitcoin, what you going to do about it?
As long as you don't leak passwords online, it is safe to tell people you have several thousands of dollars in Bitcoin - once you start telling people you have over $100k, that might be another story.
There are very, very few kidnappings, robberies at Bitcoin rallies, and most those guys got 10s of thousands. This whole notion that it is publicly acceptable to threaten reddit users (not that you are doing this) who disclose they have 1 or 2 Bitcoins is very painful to see.
If you want to kidnap rich Bitcoin users, go to a Bitcoin conference. If you want to threaten people online for promoting or discussing Bitcoin holdings... that just doesn't make a lot of sense, and it annoys me mods tolerate, encourage it.
Before you tell X poster to stop talking about Bitcoin, tell Andreas, Jimmy, Tony, Adam, Samson, Luke, etc, to shut their fucking mouths too - which no one fucking does. And if you start threatening them with kidnapping attempts, mods step in... but rando reddit user? Sure, threaten to kidnap them all day, mods don't give a damn.
One group is a protected class, another group is free to get harassed and targeted for violence...
There are limits to free speech, in the US constitution, and one of those limits is 'inciting violence' - yet that is very timidly applied in the social forums, unless it is the inciting of violence against a 1st class citizen, then the ban hammers come out.
@_date: 2019-07-18 19:11:20
Again, that's terrible advice. The best is Low Price Average.
Decide how much to you want to buy, and put orders to buy more at low prices... and move the orders up if they don't hit. Aim to get all Bitcoin within 2 months. I bought @ $3,200, cause I did this. I got all orders on the books, but many of them at $7k price points, to snatch spikes.
DCA is a *budgeting* technique, not a buying technique. If you can't bank well, use DCA. If you want Bitcoin at the best price, ALWAYS do Low Price Averaging, it is SUBSTANTIALLY better. My orders on the books look something like this:
$500 @ $8,900 (0.056)
$500 @ $8,200 (0.061)
$500 @ $7,600 (0.066)
$1000 @ $6,900 (0.145)
$2,500 @ $6,200 (0.403)
That is how you buy Bitcoin, if budgeting is not the issue. I'll publish a book and lesson plan on all this in about two months. Keep an eye out ;)
@_date: 2019-07-09 14:06:19
Dudes are obsessed with preying on infinitely forgiving mother wannabees - this is why some dudes grow anti-social, because the fuck heads in their life are vampires and succubuses, feasting on their flesh.
Womens tend to be like 'fun times is good time', work be for losers - spend now, thank me later. Womens tend to be like 'joy joy joy, work is an evil concept created by the monolithic powers that be, the real work is destroying work!'
Loser dudes self-wallow, loser womens over-consume.
Put them together, and you have a family.
The better outcome, IMHO, is for men to fight men for production value, and womens to fight womens for building better people.
Generically, womens are better healers and people makers, then men, but men make adults and shape worlds: and it is best this way. "Family" is a false reality that cripples both - we are a pack species, not a organism built for 2.
@_date: 2019-07-10 13:57:13
Ya no problem. I just don't care that much :)
@_date: 2019-07-08 04:21:46
While it's an unpopular opinion on this sub (obviously), I don't argue against the 'bitcoin is a ponzi' scheme topic. Effectively, Bitcoin DOES promise to lose less than half of the current customers, every 4 years - so long as it does that (or better), then it maintains value.
Gold is similarly a 'ponzi' in which it predicts 'new customers' will exceed 2% per year (rate of new discovery) and fiat similarly.
When people say 'ponzi', they really mean 'what does it sell' and BTC does not sell anything. It is a tool for quick, cheap, international payments, that is true. It is a tool for 'government censored' payments. It is a tool for 'storing value'.
I could argue international payments will increase with 'globalization' (this is very true, I'll hire (easily) 10x the foreigners my parents hired, paid for with Bitcoin). I could argue government censored payments of gold, drugs, or art work is more cumbersome than paying with Bitcoin.
These are fairly easy to argue 'what does Bitcoin sell' points to make, when people think of Bitcoin as providing no value or no product - it does provide the product of anti-censorship and efficient global commerce.
The common people are unfamiliar with these, so it is important to remind them.
But as a 'ponzi', I say OK; sure. It is a ponzi on the level of gold, but getting twice as scarce every 4 years. It is a ponzi like US dollars, if no more US dollars were printed ever again.
A government forces you to pay tax in Dollars, but in a global world, would you rather be collecting dollars, real estate, and obligations or Bitcoin, mobility, and opportunity? If you believe the world is closing up around us, if people are less mobile than before, buy real estate, but otherwise, you really, really would do better just buying Bitcoin.
And if an equal number of people ascribe to that notion each year, then Bitcoin doubles in value every 4; in that regard, yes it is a ponzi, one that doubles in value every 4 years with equal demand.
@_date: 2019-07-18 16:54:21
The fomo is hitting me hard :( I want, I want the Bitcoin...
But with patience I could get more Bitcoin.
More Bitcoin. I can live with that. Patience.
@_date: 2019-07-28 19:44:02
I have setup a nonprofit, 501(c)3, for crypto.
I could have wild gains, donate to the nonprofit, take deduction, then redistribute funds to myself via rent payments or salary annually vs bulk. Most your televangelist pay every family member $200k plus every vacation becomes a ‘mission trip’.
There are sometimes when having a 501(c)3 in your back pocket becomes useful, but general there are better ways. My charitable purpose? To educate the public on advanced technologies, such as Bitcoin :)
Also gets me cheaper discounts on mass mailings from the post office. And sounds better speaking to young people - ‘what do you do, taxes FOR MONEY?’ - ‘Oh heavens no! I work for pennies as a educational leader at a nonprofit!’
Young people respect others more the less they make and the smaller their ambition. Unpaid ‘teacher’ is about as absurd as it comes.
@_date: 2019-07-18 20:38:46


Like I said, I bought at $3,200 and that lasted less than 15 minutes. This is why DCA is ineffective.
My orders are booked. If it touches $6k for even 1 second, I've bought in, even if it happens tomorrow and is back to $10k by lunch - DCA can't do this, LPA can. DCA is a personal budgeting technique, LPA is an asset buying technique.
@_date: 2019-07-11 13:48:50
I've never really considered housing, but the real problem with CPI measures are that it presumes a technologically arrested economy - which is to say, the "CPI" for living like a farmer with a butter churn is likely the same, or less, today then it was in the 1920's, which means 'inflation hasn't increased' - nevermind that living such a lifestyle is socially and legally fully unacceptable.
But I could raise 10 kids, with a reasonable amount of deaths, so long as I'm permitted to 'do as I please' *likely* for a similar cost as I could in 1920 - but society has advanced beyond this level of tolerance.
So the easier way of thinking of CPI is *social CPI*, meaning one who integrates successfully within the world. This does not need to be 'your rich neighbors', but can be broadened to the world.
And then the second factor is necessary income for presumed outcome. So if you say an average 'family' should possess the means of raising 3 children, with a single earner or prime earner, and one secondary, auxiliary, then you can calculate this cost simply.
For a poor living, this could be $56,000 after tax (combined) or $96,000 after tax for something closer to 'middle America' - but $96k after tax is say $130k gross ($65 / hr).
Then you calculate the difference, with the assumption society will adjust to meet 'the standard'. Example being, one expects an earner of who wants a 'middle America life' to avoid children with an income of $70k or less, or to limit their children to 1 with an income of $90k, or so.
Then you extrapolate (10 dollar words!) how many have children OR how has the quality of life risen, and then you arrive at true 'inflation'. Which is to say, if the average person earns $60 / hr and avoids children, then quality of life should be extraordinarily high (average person owning a luxury car, boat, mansion, multiple vacation, etc)... or if quality of life remains rather stagnant, AND children are avoided, then you have monstrous inflation.
Which is to say 'inflation' (in a societal sense) is relative to expected earned income, against a fixed ideal assumption. Generically speaking (in today's dollars), one needs $60 / hr to raise a family of 3 in a 'middle America way'. In the 1970s, one needed something closer to $40 / hr for similar effect.
The average wage in the 70's was about $15 / hr and today it is $17 / hr.
And if you observe the 'American expectation', I'd wager the average American expects to be unable to raise a family proper, of any size, where as in the 70's it was absolutely expected to have a family of 3.
But raising children isn't 'more expensive' if raised in the same way as was done in the 70's (no computer, used clothes, so on), but society demands or expects substantially more. Therefore, the CPI has not changed, but the 'social CPI' or social feeling of inflation has dramatically.
The simplest and most consistent calculation is expected income vs cost of raising a family of 3 with a single, prime earner - and factoring the difference. That will derive true inflation, within all economic environments, and can not be easily manipulated or misguided.
If I was giving guidance for Youths today, in terms of achieving prosperity, this is the outcome I suggest:
Ignoring 'being born rich', which is 100% the best, the second is to make yourself rich.
While this sounds impossible, it's actually extraordinarily easy if you have smart influencers within the home (which, let's be honest, none of us have), but effectively it would go like this:
Set a desired level of income of approx $200k / yr. Set a method of achievement for earning X income, within 4 years (the focus here is on eliminating 99% of jobs as career choices, and limiting options to ONLY insane earning positions... namely finance, legal, tech, medical, or influence - these are about the only options that pay $200k, standardly).
The career path should be something as follows : Entry level $30k, Experienced $60k (1 yr later), Manager $90k (2 yrs later), Division Creator $120k (3 yrs later), and Division Creator, Teacher $200k (4 yrs later) - which is to say $30k to $60k is trade application, $90k is learning how to manage a group, $120k is acquiring successful followers, and $200k is managing a group of successful followers and sponsoring with equity ownership a dozen noobs to do as you did.
I suggest focus on staying single at this time, and devoting oneself to 80 hours / wk of work, study, networking, &amp; skill development.
If one avoids college, and begins immediately, then an 18 yr old can acquire $500k of assets by 25, with relative ease. Now you are 'born rich', and can live a life relatively freely, with $50k or so of 'passive income' to add to your $90k of 'retirement' salary, and begin a family at a reasonable age.
College, and low income earning expectation absolutely fuck everyone. Kids, in today's world, must be trained to earn $30 / hour at 18, and encouraged to maximize wealth more than anything else, for at least the next few years, to reform society into one of a more blissful peace.
@_date: 2019-07-25 14:47:58
A lot of economist have this wrong. Same with Libra.
Libra 'doesn't matter' and helps the US. Tether is effectively the same, except a 'counterfeit dollar' outsourced to China.
'Counterfeit dollars' hurts the Fiat econ system, which relies on growth either through: 1) Paying debt, 2) Gov spending, or 3) Low interest rates - all of which are effectively the centralized printing of money, which Tether (or Libra) could now do.
The US is debt rich. Gov spending isn't what's needed, nor low interest rates. Swiss has little debt ($225 Bil) compared to its economic positioning. US debt is 90x that of Swiss, but US GDP is 30x of Swiss.
US Debt to GDP is 1  : 1 , Swiss 1 Debt: 3 GDP.
What Swiss is doing is flexing their position to amplify investment (finance &amp; tech sectors). The US can not match, or if they do, they are effectively banking on a severe devaluation.
So if US matches, it must spam dollar, and say it devalues dollars by 50%, this allows it to pay-off debt (21 Tril) without 'cost' - save reputation.
However, what is more likely Trump will promote (IMO) is a hardening of the US dollar, which involves raising interest rates, surrendering portions of banking and tech to Switzerland, and paying off debt. This is a complex item to understand, but in say 4 years the 21 T could be reduced to 15 T, without inflation (printing money for debt vs low interest).
If Trump goes this path, then hard assets (real estate, Bitcoin, utilities) soft pump. If Trump goes inflation, hard assets mega pump (technically The Fed, but let's call it Trump).
In either case, anyone who thinks negative interest rates by the Swiss is a weakness does not understand Fiat economies. It is a direct assault on other nations, in an attempt to convert banking and tech investment into their private economy - and I suspect it will work.
However, the correct decision for the US is to allow Libra, lower interest, and plan to massively inflate (80% reduction in dollar value). Effectively this is the same as 'promoting' a return to hard asset economic system, but retains banking and tech investment which is more relevant, longterm, to global success than retaining a love for Fiat or controlled economic spending.
Severe taxation systems won't work. Prolonging Fiat another 20 years is likely to create global disaster. Best plan is to anticipate the collapse, and to position US in preparation for World War 3, which means tech and banking - not only real estate, utilities, and Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-10 06:44:41
The house came with a really beautiful and sweet girlfriend, so in that sense it was worth it.
Chicks don't dig Bitcoin, but they can dig a nice car, house, and other amenities. Scrapping off a piece of that mama-bound loving-feeling is a quality spend.
The house, he wouldn't have bought, without her.
@_date: 2019-07-09 17:03:54
I will, and make my own. I can buy a surrogate.
But there are plenty other women who feel the same. It is nice to ‘raise a family’ with partners, and it’s nice when neither partner needs the other. I will still be taking vacation, etc, even if the child is young at age.
There may be women who want the father, but not the husband. Similarly I’ll take the mom, screw the wife ;P
@_date: 2019-07-22 23:37:42
Ya, to clarify... BTC is like 98% Subsidy / 2% Transaction Fees in terms of Miner payout.
Since it is subsidy based, what you do is have HUGE amounts of miners mining when the difficulty is low... like 125% standard capacity. Then, difficulty bounces up and you run miners like normal (such as off-peak hours for electricity), this is like 80% capacity. This change from 125% to 80% will predictably cause a lowering of difficulty next cycle, and so on...
The way BTC pays out, it is ALWAYS in everyone's interest to ram in and pull back, every 2 weeks, with the 'cheapest producers' providing the baseline - that's how Bitcoin will go for some time to come.
I came about this doing a little test myself (with a similarly mined coin, but lower hash), and recognized that if I ran all machines at max then I'd 'break even' but if I just shut them down every two weeks, then I'd come out hugely ahead - where as one person is getting paid the same for wear and tear regardless, my machines make like double per usage, so wear and tear is far less of a % of cost vs constantly run machines - this is useful info when you have machines that are multifunctional, and useful life is in years not months.
@_date: 2019-07-31 21:21:19
9% of the 15% comes out in the next 5 yrs.
After that effectively there are no ‘free bitcoins’ ever again. The boom bust cycle will not be as relevant in 2024, as risk associated with Bitcoin is gone.
I predicted a shrunken boom bust cycle and a more rapid recovery this cycle. Next cycle will be similar - maybe $180k boom and a $60k bust (3x vs 5x), and for less than a year. In 2025 or what not it will be 2x and 1.5x after that.
I increased my BTC to BTC holding significantly since I first got in. Mix of financing and ICO-like investments, all reported on taxes. Now is the time to buy, without a doubt; I’m about capped out (working on the final 0.05 BTC to make a whole one).
I got some tax issues I’ll be dealing with for the rest of 2019, publishing a book series, adopting some children, acquiring of US territory, and mailing out BTC flyers to my city. I’ve already reached out to friend, family, and business associates - made them well over a million (rich people love money risk).
Some people want to travel the world, I’ve done that mostly (really just Europe). Some people want thrills - I don’t.
Give me a mansion and I’ll start me a commune, like Charles Xavier. And dig tunnels. You need tunnels.
The world can become your play thing, if you play the right game. That’s happiness, infecting the world.
@_date: 2019-07-25 00:22:06
Meh, it's 'all the same'.
*Patriotism* is the true political stance. You want to be on side *Patriotism* in all lands.
What is Patriotism vs Liberal / Conserva / Nationalism? Lib is a brand, Con is a brand, Nationalism is a country.
Patriotism is RIGHTS - Rights AGAINST the government.
Patriots are de'facto ALWAYS anti-government, anti-power structures, pro-revolt, pro-revolution of system.
Lib and Con is unclear. Lib can be oppressive, Con can be oppressive. Patriots are ALWAYS liberating of human action, thought, and the aggressive destruction of power.
Thomas Paine, in particular, said he was NOT an American - he was a Patriot. He traveled to France to FIGHT THE POWER! He was not finished - the American Revolution, the greatest revolution the WORLD HAD EVER SEEN - was not done; we are not done. Until the world is free.
Every man, women, and child is split into two - one of their nation and body, and the other of their soul which is of America.!!!
At least, that is how it was said in the 1850's. America is not a place, is not a nation, is not a flag - it is the soul hankering for more. America is: the pursuit of happiness, at ALL TIMES, IN ALL LANDS!
@_date: 2019-07-07 14:02:16
I already got in. I got like 10% on reserve for $9k.
I’d rather BTC hit $15k &amp; I buy at $12k, then buy more today at $11k. Why? Because I got too much at a single price point.
$9k reduces my ‘avg costs’ to $10k, and $15k makes me look like a genius. If I Avg Cost to $11k, I look quite foolish if it hits $9k, vs prepared.
Also, the ‘life time imprisonment without parol’ for using BTC in India starts Monday. Not sure how that’ll shake out.
@_date: 2019-07-26 14:15:11
It’s mostly to emphasize it’s not a conversation. To them, it’s political banter, to me it’s work. I don’t expect payment, etc.
But yes, free advice ends when they offer me counter advice or they fail to act. I only celebrate, losers walk the plank.
@_date: 2019-07-29 01:48:05
There is a great misconception behind this, and that is Kingdoms.
Kingdoms and the Fiat system are (nearly) exactly the same, save for the Fiat system is ultra huge, but... in the King System, the king created as much money as he wanted, spent the majority of the money (via palaces, etc) or loaned it to others, and could seize all property, already owned it, or could collect taxes on it, etc. And the Kingly system worked *fairly* well, so long as you allowed *banks* (kingdoms) to fail. A king fucks up his budget, you kill him and raid his lands.


The Fiat system, though, is quite huge - but really these are just mega kingdoms. One for Europe, Russia, China, and the US. When Europe fails, it goes on a global genocide. When Russia fails it melts a few thousands citizens with nuclear radiation. When (if) the US fails, it won't go willingly - and neither will China or the EU. These negative interest rates, most don't understand, but these are preparations for World War 3.
On my clock, we are about a decade away. It starts with civil revolts in the lowlands (India, Africa, Phillipians, etc), and these collapses spread to the bigger powers. Then the powers start to collapse, and one must go first.
In WW2, Europe went first and collapsed its economy through the leveraged buyout of tech sectors, and similar did Japan. This mecha army road rampshot over the calvary of Poland and the Zeros were astounding to behold - America had Gold, but no tech; well at least not of the warring kind. When a country offers negative interest rates, it is attempting to stimulate investments into technology - at all costs - even beyond reason.
My presumption is Europe will move second, after the 'colonies' (Argentina, Brazil, so on) have their say, and China and Russia will move with her. As always, America should move last.
The outcome, I suspect, will be the spread of the influence of the mountain gnomes from their homebase, toward the creation of a more perfect terrorism. Whereby all the world becomes a 2nd class citizen to their 1st class money, education, and political system - not just in Europe.
Whereas most Americans see Republican and Democrat, EU vs US, US vs Iraq, and so on, the gnomes of the mountain top gather stronger - for there are not many of us, divided and vying for power, but from the outside we are but of one unit, to be conquered in parts. And about 10 years after that, all those who want freedom and a new life must subject themselves to the harshest realities of the last place still unconquered: Mars.
@_date: 2019-07-10 13:35:48
You can’t buy fractions of a stock.
@_date: 2019-07-10 02:30:02
I'm going to answer both questions here.
If your TOTAL income (all sources combined) is under $50,000, and you hold for 1 year (long-term cap gains), then your tax on BITCOIN SELLING is $0.
So if you have no income except selling Bitcoin held over 1 year, you can sell $50,000 worth and pay $0 tax.
Regarding the $1 Mil tax bracket, if you Alt Coin trade, then that can be over 30% tax. But for LT Cap Gains the cut-off is $500,000. Below $500,000, 15% but if over that 20%.
The only thing that is odd is that it is $50k if single, $100k if married for free taxes, but $500k if single and $600k if married for the 20% cutoff - this is one of the very few times it doesn't double for 'married' couples (basically once you make a half-mil / year, having a spouse ain't a ton of help).
If you 'short term' trade (less than 1 year), then yes you will have taxes. But it won't be reported to the IRS (most likely) unless over $20k, but a small amount + summer job or part time work, could lead to a very minor tax bill, yes.
@_date: 2019-07-25 22:31:48
I bought Amazon at $17, made a fucking killing, selling at $35.
@_date: 2019-07-18 07:19:40
US allows Bitcoin. Guess what? Mad capital gains tax &amp; rich citizenry. India criminalizes BTC = no tax reporting, and poorer global citizens. Short term gain, long term losses. Thoughtless.
Did Colorado profit or face an ‘epidemic’ by legalizing &amp; regulating marijuana? India is harming tourism and their own people. Brainwashing is rampant there. They’ll plant trees but the concepts of freedom &amp; liberty are too, too much to ask to defend. Selflessness begets slavery - the penultimate in selflessness.
But if you reflect, this is like Swiss regulation vs the US. All new coins register in Switzerland these days, booming their economy. If more governments did as they did, then the wealth would be better spread out, and technology would progress faster.
@_date: 2019-07-24 22:19:45
Album of [highlights](
Tweeter [thread](
Origin of [Source](
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:27:21
Why not los dos??
If rBitcoin lawmaking was ‘open source’, I’d like Bitcoin much more. But ‘open source’ does not mean ‘just’.
There is $120,000 mods are holding on to with no plan for spending. Eventually it gets forgotten and they keep it.
The mods are also extremely rude and derogatory, and arbitrary in their campaigning (they are currently getting on to people for posting Twitter links, though there is no rule against this).
Contributing the Bitcoin protocol is fine, but the ‘Bitcoin brand’ has been co-opted by a small cartel, who are quite possibly all the same person.
I enjoy Bitcoin and the moderating has been less hate-filled of late, which pleases me. But the lack of contribution is palpable. Imagine a Github Maintainer nominating himself not based on what has been contributed, but instead what they have discouraged in others?
90% of rBitcoin mods justify their existence by celebrating their excessive discouragement. Few make original posts, or contribute to discussion. They are not creators of contents, but see themselves as celebrities judging the work of the small people.
Yes, I support Bitcoin code. No, I don’t support the hate campaigns nor extremist reverence. As others might contend, I want a world in which we are ‘friends of Bitcoin’ not dipshits proving loyalty via a series of suicide bombings against Craig Wright.
@_date: 2019-07-07 20:13:13
I support the forces of Multiplication
@_date: 2019-07-25 15:11:09
This is surprisingly terrible :P
Make it 8 seconds, and that's OK. 1 WHOLE FUCKING MINUTE! FOR A 10 SECOND JOKE? Holy fuck guy, you suck at making jokes!
@_date: 2019-07-28 23:00:53


You went quite far to mischaracterize :P
@_date: 2019-07-15 18:34:30
Throughout the time period it was called the "European Conflict".
It's not like Africa, the Middle East, Asia, Australia, or the Americas began the wars - these were wars of aggression, brought about by Europe and Japan. Retitling the European Conflict as a "World War" is a substantial amount of egotism, and misrepresentative branding.
It was lead by Europe and Japan, both having issues with Gold. Instead, the isolationist powers began the 'fiat experiments' to bolster tech, and leverage this into acquisition via conquest.
While Nazi ideals were a minority, their thoughts weren't isolated to Germans and didn't begin and end with the birth and death of Adolf. And it wasn't "elimination of the Jews" that fostered U-boats to destroy Atlantic shipping.
The "allies" were mercantile independents, trading in Gold. The "axis" were isolationist, leveraging tech and Fiat.
The objective of Europe &amp; Japan was to end global trade, and to conquer in pieces. The objective of the 'rest of the world' was to ignore them - like in Risk, you allow warlords to fight between each other.
This is why it was only late in the game that America moved to Fiat, government sponsored development (New Deal), and toward creating the technology necessary to defeat mechanized powers.
Before WWI &amp; WWII, America was economically prosperous pacifist. Post our involvement in the European Conflict, we remained hardened global interventionist.
Interventionism dampens progress, trade, and is sustained through Fiat. The death of fiat is the death of interventionism (in the modern way).
Honestly, our basic strategy to the countless European wars was to just ignore them, until mid-1900s. All we did was mass produce raw materials (grains &amp; metals), spend nothing, gobble down gold, and point out how their countries were always significant poorer post conflict.
The Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Rome is a good monument to this time period; in 1910 gold was so uniformly accepted it was believed war was over, for good.
Imagine thinking America didn't bomb Vietnam or the Middle East, that it Nixon and Bush! And subsequently, Dey ded so weez allz gud now, 'aight - For American branding, sure, it was "Bush" or the Cold or Terrorist Wars, but I find it hard to believe the Vietnamese could see it as that. I doubt they write themselves off as victims of political instability and Nixon, but I suspect most said there killer was America - who is still alive and kicking.
I didn't punch you, it was justice for social inequality that struck!
Try that one next time... it will probably work.
@_date: 2019-07-18 17:52:49
lol I’m 0.95 BTC in. My final 0.05 BTC I’m trying to get at $8.5k. I fomo’d a 0.05 BTC purchase at $13k so I got to punish myself and must hold out :(
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:20:08
The Swiss Franc is unquestionably stronger than anything else, backed up by 10x the gold per unit of any other national currency, and the BTC / ALT per capita of Switzerland is like 100x that of any other State monetary unit region (US, Euro). Americans have no concept of how Europe is run, surprisingly. But effectively everyone on the EU is a '2nd class citizen' with Swiss being '1st class citizens' and managers of the rest of Europe.
It is like if 80% of Americans were declared illegal immigrants, stripped of voting rights, given a significantly debased currency, and were restricted from entering the '1st class' zone in which all monetary, political, and economic decisions were negotiated: that is what Switzerland is to the EU.
You can imagine it like if Washington DC, New York, San Francisco, and LA were all combined into 1 city and given the authority to rule over the rest of the American territory - the economic power and wealth per Swiss citizen is like $1 Mil inherited average, with $100k of earned income expected per 20 yr old.
Sure, some micro countries are wealthier (Luxembourg, Liechtenstein, Vatican) but they have microscopic political power versus that of Switzerland; as a conglomerate, this is often referred to as Swiss BeNeLux (Switzerland, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg).
But the American currency is more leveraged. The strength of Switzerland is unquestioning loyalty, and aversion to the culture of foreigners. America's strength is on global trade.
If China was to suddenly become a successful Capitalist society, India, or Russia, for example... this benefits USD more than Swiss Franc. Global intellectual development and trade substantially leverages America vs the isolationist powers of Switzerland.
However, the more 'corrupt' and at odds these countries or regions become within or with one another, the greater the power of Bitcoin, Gold, and Swiss Franc. Swiss Franc is the 'if the world gets fucked, we win' currency, and generically the world gets fucked way faster than it improves, for betting odds.
@_date: 2019-07-27 01:54:43
I bet less than 3% own Bitcoin or a related ETF.
"Interested" is so unnecessarily loose..
@_date: 2019-07-26 22:40:01
This is not about that, though I would appreciate it if you'd just added it to the rules "no twitter links" - which is a totally fine thing to do! It probably averaged 3 per week, but whatev's.
I have reduced my contributions to this social space because of mod discouragement, yes :)
Sorry you feel personally attacked, that is not my objective.
@_date: 2019-07-26 01:52:14
Correct (CPA).
Like Kind is only for buying American real estate. Anyone who tells you otherwise is bullshit.
You can see why selling US real estate and collecting property taxes is better than encouraging the purchase of DentaCoin, right? :P
@_date: 2019-07-09 15:08:00
... It's not 'poly', but anti-fixation.
There is no reason to call her 'girl friend' or vice.
Most women I prefer are ultra-independent anyways, uber-confident. I have trouble making them want babies, let alone 'commitment'.
So the difference is they would not want the relationship to continue, and neither would I. Only babies =)
The trick is getting them to understand that they will not be bound to me, for having a baby. They will continue as they do - which is what they want. They don't want 'my drama' - so that is fine. But they can still have the baby.
Society creates the belief baby is loss of freedom, but it mustn't have to be.
@_date: 2019-07-16 15:05:45
@_date: 2019-07-26 01:30:47
I'm a CPA if you need assistance.
@_date: 2019-07-10 13:48:06
But you can’t buy fractions of a stock.
Many people actually buy stock. BTC appears more like a stock then a mutual fund or dollar, to casuals.
First mover types actually hate diversity and prefer stock buys, if curious.
@_date: 2019-07-19 17:03:30
Yes that is a good system. I use something similar.
@_date: 2019-07-10 13:45:08
I don’t know why you need to argue this...
It is not like ‘whole dollars’...
Your claim of ‘fractional share investing’ obviously doesn’t disprove.
You can’t buy a fraction of a stock outright; obviously you can buy fractions of dollars, BTC, or ‘shares of whole assets’.
@_date: 2019-07-18 19:22:23
I've never had an order dropped...
But I check them every 3 months at least.
@_date: 2019-07-26 01:40:17
Yes. Or attaching detail, such as:
"Bitcoin, Proceeds $2 Mil, Costs $1.9 Mil"
With attached PDF is totally fine.
But you can't just sum it as one sale, nor post it such as:
"Bitcoin, Proceeds $100,000, Costs $0."
@_date: 2019-07-11 15:56:40
In the 1920's you didn't have *frequent* running water, let alone electricity.
I am quite confident I could grow crops, build a wood cabin at about 1,200 sq ft, put 10 kids into there, and live, approximately as well as I could have in the 20's.
If you understood what I said, it is that *today* one is expected to have a home with electricity, not kill 15% of children early, and so on. As stated, the "CPI" of the 1920's lifestyle hasn't significantly been altered, but the 'expected lifestyle' (and legal requirement) of the modern has been - which is why CPI is always significantly lagging, in terms of a measurement of 'social' inflation.
@_date: 2019-07-15 16:25:10
Side note, there is a much more accurate film about Bletchley Park then the Imitation Game. What is astounding to me is that some 5,000 people were able to operate in secret from the rest of the world, for decades. Turing was a genius, but the entire operation impresses me - the dedication, the intelligence, the secrecy.
If anyone of them had leaked to the public what they were up to, all of the work would have been for naught; secrecy is paramount to success, when it comes to using advanced technology for advantage.
The Europeans, for decades, believed allie successes were not due to secret, conspiratorial, technology, but dumb luck, internal mistakes, and treason - this in turn caused the Nazi's to go mad, continually blaming themselves for not being passionate or guarded enough, when in fact the problem was much grander and less surmountable. Had the Europeans simply considered the possibility of secret tech, and set aside their ego, the entire downfall could have been evaded.
Traits associated with those whom are passionately nationalistic is the precursor to technological death: respect the ability of others, objectively evaluate new methods, and adapt; and encourage enemies to do the opposite. That is how one stays ahead.
@_date: 2019-07-28 22:59:54
No. And I think it will be Nov (Thanksgiving). :)
@_date: 2019-07-10 05:43:45
I remember trying to 'mine' Bitcoin with my graphics card. I was so pissed it wasn't working. Kept manually typing in the command. Then I eventually learned the auto command and felt like top shit.
But at that time USB sticks were all the rage, and I never mined me a coin. I was nervie about using the exchanges, so I didn't purchase - could have, but I'm big believer in 'tinkering'; since the mining didn't work, I didn't 'have fun' with Bitcoin.
I bought my first BTC at like $1,100 in the first FOMO incident and sold for $600. Made a note to come back in before the halving next cycle. Watched BTC climb from $400 to $1,600.
Made a small play, told my gambling buddy. He's like "if you think it's a good idea, fuck it I'm going all in.." I'm like seriously dude?
$80k he put into Bitcoin, at $1,600.
But sold every single one of his coins at $8k to buy a house 'because it was all a giant scam', and he is now getting back in - not terrible timing, but not the best either :P
@_date: 2019-07-09 17:30:19
The man is perfect in every way; he certainly holds Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-25 14:48:53
Perhaps attempt to use brain? I dunno.
@_date: 2019-07-26 12:06:59
Thank you =)
@_date: 2019-07-26 11:56:42
lol I really don’t care. If I can help, someone who needs help, great.
You have some false narrative crypto people make good clients. Business people do, not BTC people. But before someone pays out $5,000 because they feel they got no other option, ya, contact me.
You’re quite stupid to presume someone getting sued by the IRS isn’t seeking representation, etc. This is not the time to cut corners.
@_date: 2019-07-25 23:29:52
It was my parents money. My parents are (and were) investors, but much more casual. They don't understand tech, long-term, etc. They still think it's all game.
As it applied, I bought ($1k worth) at $17, sold at $35, and then it went back to $17 for like a year, so the timing was good. I also recommend Verisign &amp; Netflix (but not apple, google, or facebook).
Certain industries are easy to understand (IMO). Netflix replace blockbuster, Amazon replace Walmart. A casual consumer can identify this. This will be similar with Tesla and cars (if they can make it to June 2020) or Bitcoin and gold.
Apple, Google, and Facebook (and news papers) profit from persuasion and lies. This is more complex. Effectively, the question is once using a product, how much fuckery can they do before you quit? (similar with Reddit and Twitter).
So the goal with these is ALWAYS to lie. A product *at full cost* on day one is never profitable, like someone charging you money for the food that goes with a Time Share presentation - no. Instead, you always lie, and presume corruption on the backend (don't be evil = be evil, etc).
I am more acquainted with these now, and will better spot them in the future :) I have profited a little from this type of play, but there is more to be had yet.
@_date: 2019-07-20 22:42:15
The way I do it:
Weekend Fees - 3 Sat / byte ($0.08)
Weekday Fees - 20 Sat / byte ($0.60)
@_date: 2019-07-23 21:17:10
I have no problem with others not knowing everything, but be wise enough to study what you don't.
@_date: 2019-07-10 02:56:01
Ya, I don't know what the fuck is going on, let's be honest... but OMG THE FOMO!
@_date: 2019-07-15 15:03:12
Frankly I find this discussion obnoxious. You SHOULD sell, if the price dropping scares you - anytime you hold cash or other assets, you have effectively sold BTC to acquire those assets.
I'm in BTC, but I have my limits. If the price goes to $6k or so, I will be a bit panicked. Likely? Hardly - but the way you prevent insane drops IS BY SELLING at reasonable prices, and repurchasing.
I sold at $13k (first time) and bought more at $11k - more Bitcoin than I sold.
I also bought some at $13k in the 2nd spike and kept it =) FOMO TIME!
But I got cash and orders from here until $6k, spread all about. This is no 'dip', this is standard.
If BTC hits $8k, that is when you bust out reserves and 'buy the dip'; a 30% drop is an every-other week affair for BTC - 40%, that's when you bust out reserves.
@_date: 2019-07-11 12:50:00
I really don't know, but it was 50 coins per block.
It was not uncommon for a 'household miner' (meaning a gaming rig miner) to get 2,500 coins over a time - say about a year.
But BTC got released Jan, 2010. Once it hit over $20 on the exchanges, it was already using USB miners (cost like $40 to $200). While it seems trivial, USB miners of $200 mine 100x faster than graphic cards costing $200 - meaning it was already unprofitable to mine within the US without them.
3,000 coins is 10 hours of mining time... meaning there were as few as 850 or so people mining during the first year.
@_date: 2019-07-04 22:26:09
Good on you getting him involved. I got my pops in round $6k convinced him to move 5% of assets :)
Regarding ‘right price’ tell him to buy $100 right away. The sign up process can take WEEKS, so forcing him into buying $100 will mean he can actually buy in a good amount should the time present itself.
Good luck, and may July the 4th be with you!
@_date: 2019-07-23 20:46:22
No. DCA is averaging over time. PCA is averaging over price.
DCA = Buy in June, Aug, Oct, Dec, Feb.
PCA = Buy @ $10k, $9k, $8k, $7k, $6k.
DCA is a budgeting technique (way to help you save), PCA is an acquisition technique (way to help you buy).
DCA is a last resort, if you want to buy more BTC but can't afford to, at the moment. Like I am *virtually always* buying more Bitcoin, but only cause I can't afford to buy it all today - but when I do buy, I ALWAYS split orders into 5, and place them along a spectrum. This leads to much more profits. If you do analysis, you'll see.
@_date: 2019-07-05 16:02:59
In every way possible; on every continent, in every bathtub.
@_date: 2019-03-24 05:38:16
Unemployment is ridiculously low, this is why you want high rates.
Rates can go as high as 7%, if unemployment continued downward (it won’t). If we plan to repay national debt (doubtful), only sensible method is rapid employment, high rates, and QE $1 Tril to the bonds.
The debt is so high it can’t possibly be taxed away - the economy could collapse (Germany, WWII), internal growth could go parabolic (like triple prior years growth), or the most likely : US will sludge along @ 2.25% and stay flat next several years - as the world’s leading economy everyone else must take risks to catch-up.
This collective leveraging into a reasonably risked asset will effectively prop up US as ‘too big to fail’. Several years later, several other asset classes dominate (Bitcoin, Stocks, etc) and Fed loses prominence as source of economic stimulus.
If this occurs THEN interest rates could legitimately rise and debt get paid while economy grows - but the first requirement is creation of a rapid reinvestment cycle (like Bitcoin millionaires sponsoring Software Engineering jobs for kids and VC’ing). If stuff like that happens, Bitcoin will never be banned and local economies will thrive, in addition to Bitcoiners (and the Fed sufficiently cucked).
@_date: 2019-03-18 01:43:50
I got a crypto non-profit (501c3) I'd be happy to loan for this purpose. I could set up a BTC donation, and any funds sent to this address could be set aside for this objective.
For legal reasons, funds would be distributed for 'education', meaning the code must be open sourced, etc, and for transparency all allocation of funds would be paid to people, not aliases (otherwise I could make an alias and steal all the funds).
My general preference is flat payment per person (X person makes *significant* contribution, now they get equal payment to everyone else) - this works well for charities to prevent millionaire management. For *business*, it actually works better to do like an X prize ($5,000 to first person to achieve X), which I'm open to as well - this *can* lead to corruption, however, as the code is open source and if it has many people participating, then the last man to put in the final line of code can swoop in and steal the entire prize : flat payment per person is much better for Open Source people systems (like governments, charities, etc).
Another approach is to propose a business model and to 'sell it' to Jack (Owner of Twitter and Square). He is practiced in E-money, and I could see him trying to make a BTC + Square combo that could function as a BTC ATM (although he'd charge fees, he could offer a 'no fee' option for small amounts).
@_date: 2019-03-21 14:05:13
The patent system is terrible, much better is an X Prize type-system where inventors receive a lump sum - a significant number of great scientists throughout history have felt this way (Ben Franklin, Nikola Tesla, Aaron Swartz, Elon Musk, others) - and have viewed the patent system as a crime against humanity.
The cost to manufacture a pill is pennies. However, the "Demand" curve is Death for the individual that refuses to pay said price - or pain for the remainder of their human existence. Individuals CAN make said pill for personal consumption without paying the patent master.
However they are not "Open Source". With the patents which Elon Musk has opened, Individuals could make said cars OR, more importantly, Businesses can make said cars and distribute them for free - Businesses are NOT allowed to create free medicines and distribute them - it MUST be done by individuals, and can not be outsourced to a "caretaker".
Regarding the Pharmaceutical system, Dr. use to crush patient medicines into single pills - as chemicals are virtually of no cost. When the process became to ship pills, and Dr. were removed from the manufacturing process, it became easier to extort humans with the threat of death; had anyone done this in the 60's before patents were heavily enforced, Dr. would have 'overridden' the patent holder and crushed pills for dying humans regardless of the patent masters opinion of whether they should live or die.
I think today 3'd printing technology is 'Open', however the tech was developed and abandoned or unmarketed for some-long-time (say 50 years). How much human labor was burned by the patent holder by preventing humanity from accessing said technology?
If I could save your life and millions of others, but refuse to do so without full surrender of wealth, is this called justice?
The patent system is tyrannical - X prize system is substantially better.
Nikola Tesla could have prevented the creation of home appliances and power generators for some 50 years, for all those who choose to obey his laws - but he choose not to. He was not tricked; he choose humanity over extortion.
How can a law be good if it collectively punishes only those who obey it, and rewards enemies or foreigners unbound by such a senseless restriction?
Any manufacturer is free to replicate (a good portion) of Tesla Cars and distribute them for free, you are not permitted to do that with pharmaceuticals - which kills.
@_date: 2019-03-24 07:56:04
Draper is so charming, hope Argentina Pres listens to him. Bitcoin as national currency and 5g makes sense =)
@_date: 2019-03-11 18:37:19
If you send 0.1 BTC in a 20 BTC address, 19.9 BTC is the default miners fee.
If you send 0.1 BTC &amp; 19.8 BTC, then 0.1 BTC is the miners fee.
In raw transactions you always have to send the ‘change’ or balance back to one of your addresses to not pay excess miner fee.
@_date: 2019-11-07 20:45:58
Yes, I'm all for asking for help... but that's not what r/Bitcoin will allow, basically. Something of this nature would need to be 'stickied' to get any traction. Here is a thread where I asked for help, immediately voted to 0.
I got a crew of Venezuelans I've been working with, so I might pay them to do it. But I've never seen someone over Reddit that makes good *print* advertising.
The basic difference between print and online ads are:
* WAY, WAY, WAY less color (or vastly increases costs)
* Less detail pictures (basically.. online you have insane DPI, but in print there is a good chance your printer sucks, relatively).
* Print ads can be more informative. Like "a calendar of the football schedule" makes for a REALLY great ad, overall. But giving people *some reason* to hang on to the material is good.
* Generically you never want to go below size 24 font. Old people refuse to read anything smaller than 24, without a doubt. Many can't read smaller than 30.
I have done a lot of print. My worst ad had a lot of professionalism, pictures, details, scenarios, story telling, the works. But it bombed. My next ad was similar, but shorter, with a more comical tone and localized. It was OK. Again, the details were still WAY too high.
My best ad was more similar to the one above (with a bit of a threatening style), that had effectively no info but with a few short blurbs. The 'best ad' really looked extremely similar to the one above, but I pushed my credentials (CPA) hard, and that paid off.
There is no sense of 'authority' or where is this person is coming from, in this ad. As some say, 'sounds like a crazy lunatic', which is fine but... And I don't *really* want to make it about me, so that's another problem. Nor can I reference Reddit or the local Meetup, as those both suck too, overall, for new comers (our local "BITCOIN" meetup just harasses everyone until they buy Ripple or leave).
@_date: 2019-03-04 13:26:12
Why link to Alt coin promoters for generic virtue signaling crap?
@_date: 2019-03-17 21:59:09
I was thinking recently and I realized how much better it is to encourage Free Services for owners of Bitcoins vs merchandising.
Like "Free ATM" is because they have other fees, law of averages, etc. But there is the 'unspoken' requirement of having $500 in USD to get access (same for Bill Pay services, etc).
Managing $1,000 USD has ATM, Bank, Credit Card, Check, Bill Pay, Paypal, Mortgage options whereas BTC has:
* LocalBitcoins + Meetups for Bank like services
* Can't really do Mortgages, Credit Cards (too volatile - technically you could but interest rates might be over 40%).
* BTCPay for Paypal like services
LocalBitcoins and Meetups aren't close to the level of ease and convenience of an ATM. There is probably an easy way to set up an automated system where people swipe a credit card + pay the 3% fee to get Bitcoins (or a paypal address to sell Bitcoins - maybe Square will do this?). If you advertised $100 or less 'no fee', this would be comparable to ATMs.
I bet this could setup for $200 one-time outside an office without any increase in crime. Credit Swiper + IPad + Basic Software should be all that is needed, with BTC sent to customer via email or accessed via a login.
The person whose business it is at would supply the power, internet, plus the initial Bitcoins to take care of $100 or less buyers... purchases bigger than that can get charged fees say $5 per $100 to reward the business owner.
Cheap investment to drive traffic, offers customers a 'lotto purchase' as they go out the door, and VASTLY improves the BTC network as you could easily have thousands of these setup worldwide for easy access to $100 of BTC / USD "For Free", kind of like the Supercharger system (lots of free *slow* charging for electric cars) or ATM.
This sort of infrastructure improvement is likely more important than any codebase improvement, for increase the value of a Bitcoin. Again, USD grants one access to a host of preheral products, whereas BTC needs to build these products and 'membership' access.
@_date: 2019-03-15 17:07:59
There are lots of issues regarding using BTC as a currency of *first* resort - until *price stability* which might take years longer. If you don't accept price volatility, then each sale one must:
Buyer move $10,000 from Bank to Trading Bank
Transfer $10,000 from Trading Bank to Bitcoin
Transfer Bitcoin to Bitcoin
Seller move Bitcoin to Trading Bank
Transfer Trading Bank to Bank
The BTC payment part can be instantaneous but there is a 4 day lag on each side of the 'Bank to Trading Bank' action, requiring preplanning or significantly slows down the process. If one uses an 'instant BTC' option they pay MORE fees than credit card processing. Similar hurdles occur with Lightning.
It is difficult to imagine a Coin which is volatile becoming a dominant form of casual payment. Vendors will accept it, if it remains strong, but consumers can't be expect to replenish what they spent each outing and suffer volatility risk if they prepurchase a month of Bitcoin at a time.
@_date: 2019-11-04 17:30:56
You are buying into the 'how living poor is good' propaganda.
Today, the 'being poor is good' salesmen tell you kids are a waste, violent, negligent schools are 'part of growing up', and a life-time of indebtedness for job training is 'just part of the college experience'. Get a fucking grip if you *actually* believe that, and get stronger if you even begin to accept it as *normal*.
Kids are HUGE profit centers. They reduce depression, increase GDP, and become defacto investments into new tech. Kids have a fixed cost, but limitless potential. But to maximize child-wealth, you got to actually be a good leader. You can't ship them off to a Walmart or Amazon factory-like setting to train them.
Wealthy people understand this. This is why they hire tutors, private schools, have multiple kids, and nurture them until adulthood - and adulthood is not 18 yrs old, but until they are independently wealthy and high functioning (usually like 30). 18 yr olds born into wealth are about equally functioning as 25 yr old college grads - it's unfair, but true - college is a enslaving sham sold with goofy music blasted out of an ice cream truck.
Once you have 3 to 5 kids per family, it becomes cheaper to hire a full-time tutor vs risking them to a mass-market trouth of social care. With full-time tutors, you can be guaranteed 1 of 3 will become a millionaire by 30.
But the real outcome is a hugely prosperous society. This has been known throughout the centuries (review America 1650 through 1750 and 1750 through 1850). GDP growth under the children-are-evil paradigm is 1% at best, and in the case of America GDP ACTUALLY DECREASED! But under a dynastic wealth making scenario, happiness booms and GDP can easily achieve 10% annualized growth.
High GDP growth = high wages = high asset values = high tax revenue, good for everyone - except for status seekers, who now have more competition... For the old guard who don't get it, the best way to keep their child smart is to push others down... but there are much better techniques, individually and collectively.
This transition will come around 2030. And either we will return to 1 income households or parents will hire tutors... but either way, the neglect of children will stop. It's unprofitable. It's a sham.
It's a pitch that says killing the youth is good, and you have to be a depressed fool to agree. Hopelessness, depression, confusion, fear... it's an experience only Satan could hope for.
Make babies, make money. Retire early, be good.
It's not that hard. The world will wake up. But begin with you.
@_date: 2019-03-04 16:29:04
For longevity, you want artistry. The @ symbol but with the $ sign in it, is the most beautiful and intuitive. @ = internet mail; @ + $ = internet money.
The variety of other S's with a bar or two through or top bottom, etc, look good. The advantage of those is that they are easy to print (S) and make by simply adding two bars. And they are smaller. The @ is bigger than S.
I would definitely go with the top left. That is the one kids will draw in school for fun. The others are too derivative, as Domino would say.
@_date: 2019-03-22 05:37:14
Buying Bitcoin is like finding a bar full of chicks. You walk in, ask one out, she says no - leaves and takes all of her friends - and now everyone hates you.
“Thanks for buying Bitcoin, you ruined it.”
@_date: 2019-03-29 23:12:24
True, but the larger point stands. Even if it is say 10x bigger and fees are 30 Sat, you're still talking $15k / yr of costs... hardly worth the effort to hire a programmer to fix is you assume 'risk' in the fix, time to hire, fix not assured, etc.
@_date: 2019-11-13 20:43:32
While it's tempting, changing to "Satoshi" would basically kill Bitcoin - 10 years of marketing down the drain.
If you can't figure out you can buy part of a Bitcoin, you absolutely NEVER will consider buying this newfangled thing called Satoshi.
It'd take 4 years for the persons too slow to grasp a part of a Bitcoin is possible to ever believe a BTC and a SAT are same, but different dominations.
@_date: 2019-11-28 04:19:14
lol I'm just kidding. I am a CPA. Trying to do a youtube channel, got a self-employed Tax Business, and am writing a book.
I do trade, but until you are fully funded and retired, you aren't.
I very much consider lambda school, and if I go broke on a trade I'll either move to Nevada and work with Musk or go to Lambda school and work remote, either or. But I won't *not* trade or stay put if things go south.
@_date: 2019-11-07 22:22:24
The whole point was to get a new design. Obviously I listened..
@_date: 2019-11-07 20:17:06
What are my selfish reasons, bub? lol
@_date: 2019-11-29 01:00:37
They released a [90 sec promo]( did you check it out?
New features added and ‘kill mode’.
@_date: 2019-11-11 04:17:23
You got a problem with power plant generated electricity?
You *just might* wanna have a look around.
@_date: 2019-11-04 15:45:58
Tesla is my risky investment, Bitcoin is my safety. Big Index is NOT a smart play right now. Big Index has no upside, and long painful downsides.
Best case scenario, Big Index goes up 100% in 3 yrs, which is like 4x over 10 yrs - WAAAAAYYYY faster than any growth in modern history. Can it happen??? Absolutely!! With enormous inflation.
It can also happen with a RADICAL societal shift, but that’s not happening (best indicator of a strong economy is return to 1 income households).
Tesla is a luxury good. Huge upside, but huge downside too. If you are pro-growth, go Tesla. If Big Index goes up 100%, Tesla goes up 300%.
But inflation is the biggest concern ATM, and for that Bitcoin is king. A lot are moving into REITs, which aren’t bad. But housing prices are up like 30% in 2 years. Everyone I know sold their home and bought a house twice as big, using their profits for downpayment, thinking values can only go up.
Sure, they still can. But housing is WAAAAYYYY up, or at an ‘all time high’. And 4x leveraging is normal in the housing market (20% down). So what does that mean??? Slightest bit of economic, job trouble... then repossession... then flood of foreclosures and former buyers with bankruptcy on record, unable to rebuy even a dinky home.
Imagine if EVERYONE in Bitcoin had 4x leverage. THAT IS THE HOUSING MARKET. Everyone who declared bankruptcy after the 2009 crash is rebuying homes today!! Think they learned their lesson? They haven’t.
So you got a flood of unqualified buyers with 4x leverage moving into real estates while prices are at all-time highs. What do you think will happen???
If real estate goes down, so does the market. But not BOOM BOOM BITCOIN. Those motherfuckers are cutting their production 50% in 6 months to protect values of former purchasers.
Maybe you can ask the government to cut new home production in half???? Good luck twerps!
@_date: 2019-11-04 18:02:23
Yes, actual cold weather. The stated range of like 330 is like 270 during cold months, which will delay first time buyers.
Bitcoin is something of a luxury, but *at this time* you are immediately prior to a huge reduction in new production. That is why I view it as very safe. Would I consider it safe over $30k or $20k? Perhaps not... but $9k, to me, is very safe.
1 year from now (Dec 2020), the growth of BTC will be more economic than individual... but today, BTC is far safer than anything else, because of it's individualistic properties - of course, IMHO, etc.
@_date: 2019-11-27 18:47:06
I say BTCPay!
@_date: 2019-03-11 15:37:57
Thank you. Jackson was a hero, like many others from that time. He even fought during the wars of 1776!
@_date: 2019-03-02 02:10:27
It was found by this guy (Edit: or an associate of this guy): 
Who is also working on Avalanche and did BCash Check Points, both of which are cool tech. Check Points (wallet level) prevent 'rewind attack' financial loss at the institutional level (no double-spends-hash-attacks). Avalanche uses NODES to validate transactions, to submit to the Miners. There are TONS of advantages here but one of which I would suspect is an anti-censoring mech, as miners couldn't refuse Segwit (for example) - or any other transactions. Another is that for Bcash, it allows for better verifiable 'instant' confirmations.
Example: Two transactions are submitted, low-fee is fake, and high fee comes second and empties the address from trans low-fee (or both can be high fee, if miner excludes select transaction). But with 'avalanche' miners can't exclude transactions.
Regarding the bug, I think it allowed for the Bitcoin Subsidy (12.5 BTC) to be spent twice within the same block, IF the miner verifies it himself (with BTC nodes verify transactions BUT the miner can issue the transaction and not submit it to nodes, and mine the block theirself) - I think this was a one-time thing to get up to 12.5 BTC per time... but it would have created over 21 Mil bitcoins, which would suck.
This bug was created by a Core Dev, and verified and approved by another Core Dev with signature. It existed for about 1.5 years, I think, before Awemany caught it, working on Bitcoin ABC wallet code. He privately messaged the Core Devs and a few others, who called up Coinbase and the exchanges to let them know how big of deal this was.
Then the Core Devs issued an update, calling it a 'not so big deal, but everyone needs to update, update' - and quickly becoming more panicked. After about 4 months 15% of 'active nodes' had upgraded. However, only a miner could have caused the split, so it wasn't terribly relevant to all update immediately.
Awemany got reprimanded for issuing a Medium article detailing the bug after BTC had uploaded a patch for about 12 hours. Many in BTC claimed he was taking credit for something BTC discovered, and others claimed he was taking credit before BTC was ready for him too.
Overall, it was a super good catch, and we can be very glad he was working on BTC code, catching AND SHARING this bug discovery.
@_date: 2019-11-01 03:28:47
I think you're tired, this isn't a "past performance" argument.
I haven't seen Bitcoin'ers compare BTC to S&amp;P 500, Nasdaq, and Dow Jones. This is because it just survived the $7k test this last month.
If Bitcoin is NEVER less than the NASDAQ ever again, that is saying something. I feel VERY confident, Bitcoin will ALWAYS be above the S&amp;P 500.
It's very enticing to believe Bitcoin could surpass the Dow Jones. It's just units of Measure, but if BTC gets to $30k per unit, it might be one of the most expensive per unit financial metrics on the planet.
It will be hard for an Index Fund believer to argue that their 30 yr old Index funds of lesser value are less risky than a 12 yr old Bitcoin.
I deal with a lot of people in finance, etc, and believe this argument in its simplicity would be very persuasive.
@_date: 2019-11-11 04:14:05
Same with Bitcoin, Lightning, and effectively all other technologists.
This is normal.
When you work with technologists, there is 'what it can actually do' and 'what they hope **it could** do'. BTC can never (really) be used for coffee (though some have claimed this in the past) - but it CAN be a store of value, today (which is what Nick Szabo has always stood behind). And BTC can enable international capitalism, and do some other things... but replacing credit card processing, especially within local economies for small transactions, is absolutely not necessary nor probable... but *it could*, so some have said it.
There is a rush to funding, and reality. Investors are WAY less informed than most think and give money for promises, often.
Eth, as an example, swindled investors for multi-billions of dollars, and then lied *after* it was too late for a refund, about their objectives. Is ETH a good replacement for the New York Stock Exchange, yes... but little more. This *discovery* was unknown, until investors had already given them multi-billions - yet, it has some value.
So whereas Szabo is *excessively* modest, Buterin is flamboyant. Buterin could launch 100 startups, cause *launching* is about selling.. the actual result comes later, and is often unexpected.
Engineers have folly in the 'yes no' realm, and then also sometimes in the wild speculation realm. Some *understate* possibility, because today's answer is No.. and then others overstate with statements like 'if the world sudden began using this for no reason, and we made *new discoveries*, then world peace' - this *and we make new discoveries* line is so atrocious.
Yes, it happens, but you really can't predict when it happens, nor force it, nor use money to buy it.
Elon explicitly has stated that his timelines assume an 'exponential rate of new discoveries' lol... omg that cracks me up. But anyways...
Will Tesla's be fully-self driving, like a Robo Taxi, as he claims? I think not. I don't think they have enough cameras, or tech, personally - but the ones built in 2 years, yes.
But how much is it worth to replace all new cars with electric self-driving vehicles?  The present value is like $1 Trillion and he is trying to achieve this global good with a budget of $5 Billion.
This is where centralized planning fails. Because Elon doesn't play the game, he doesn't get the funding of XYZ, and often the government seeks to harm him... like the SEC sued his ass for a tweet. Yes, it's 'market manipulation' but the SEC won't do ANYTHING to the short-sellers who similarly manipulate the market... so
You got the government actively harming business, while others privately harm business and receive protection. US capitalism is really fucked at the moment. If you allow short-selling on massive scales, you no longer need market regulations, frankly... because short-sellers can never be regulated, and thus it's a one-way game of cheats.
That's tangential, but I don't hold technologists guilty until they *subvert* their leading claims. Like if Elon gives up on Robo Taxi, as that's a major issue.
But timelines are trivial. All technologists are wrong, every single one. Some under promise, some over promise... both are wrong. One leads to insufficient funding, and the other wasted resource.
But generically speaking, resources are wasted so wildly, I'm (personally) for heavily over-investing in technology, and that's another reason why I Bitcoin ;)
If you want to see another insanely transformative tech, check out r/lambdaschool
But why are technologist always thwarted by government? Because they are naturally institutional disruptors - you can literally never have a centralized planning system that advances tech.
Lambda school (like systems) will destroy the careers of 100,000 academics - but their current size is 500 employees... so in Federalized Democracy, the upstart gets squashed.
Elon will destroy the careers of mechanics, gas stations, chauffeurs, taxi drivers, power company manipulators, roof makers, generator sales men, truck drivers, oil drillers, etc... that's a huge 1 Mil + workforce that is against the upstart.
So he gets hate, but societal progress is the greater good, and that's where I stand - and there is always lying to get there; it's on both sides. And I can live with that.
@_date: 2019-11-05 19:04:24
Employment is better than donations. Offer a Venezuelan $5 per hour, even if only a few hours a month.
OP claims they work for $0.05 per hour. Try to hire one for $5.
You won't get a taker, because MINIMUM WAGE is not ACTUAL wage.
Brazilians are more impoverished than Venezuelans, and Venezuelans know that.
Granted, I like people from Venezuela but it's important to act somewhat responsibly. If you are unwilling to give the poorest of the poor even $1... then you really shouldn't give $100 to one, just because you see him.
@_date: 2019-11-07 19:21:13
That's not how advertising works. You ALWAYS expect 99% of people to call in 'unhelpful'.
Have you ever been 'helped' by a Nord VPN ad, or picture of McDonald's burgers? It's just spam, all of it.
The question is, will this make a dramatic impact on a small segment of the population (in particular those who would be predisposed of investing into Bitcoin), or secondly... do you have a better alternative advertisement?
If I was promoting a business, I'd be more comical and welcoming. But as this is anonymous... I'm ok with the challenging message, but whatev's. If there is a better ad, I'm totally open to it.
@_date: 2019-11-28 02:14:20
For that there is @_date: 2019-11-11 04:16:24
I agree frankly! He is advancing the human species at least 20 year...
It's impossible to know what would have come had he not existed, but I doubt we'd be seeing quality electric cars before 2040 without his nudging, nor Mars colonization until 2060.
@_date: 2019-11-07 20:15:33
I'm open to alternatives...
@_date: 2019-11-06 01:20:42
OCR scanning is possible, but not cost effective. Each page is different formatting and no more than like 20 hours per format type.
@_date: 2019-03-21 21:30:40
Let me play the part of Big Media a sec :
"Bitcoin enthusiasts nearly dies through affixation while experimenting with the Lightning Network."
@_date: 2019-11-11 14:54:21
I have already hired someone for this project, but I appreciate your kind reply. Here is a thread I made so you can advertise yourself for Bitcoin! If you reply, I'll edit the original post to include your name.
Thank you, and good luck.
@_date: 2019-11-05 18:43:27
**I have offered to pay Venezuelans $5 PER HOUR multiple times**, no takers.
ABSOLUTELY NO ONE ACTUALLY WORKS FOR $7 PER MONTH!
One day you'll see through socialist propaganda. MINIMUM WAGE IS NOT ACTUAL WAGE.
Actual wages for anyone with an internet connection + knowledge of English is $5 per hour OR MORE! Same for many, many parts of the world. Is it great, no. But don't fall victim to believing ACTUAL WAGE and MINIMUM WAGE are SAME!
ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS **employ** people from 'undeveloped' areas or populations. That is MUCH healthier and stops this 'who has it worse' competitive bullshit.
Even people FROM Venezuela REFUSE to hire Venezuelans, because BRAZILIANS ARE CHEAPER! So why... if you care so much... are you not helping Brazilians? Because their marketing team is not top notch.
Fairness, whatever that means, is equal, and blind. If you only open your hearts to the pleas of Venezuelans, and never to the pleas of Brazilians, then you are categorically biased.
The safest way to combat this is to offer employment, or money for work. By that metric, the exchange of time for resource, you can more accurately gauge who needs saving most. Those who bitch loudly, and work little, are less deserving than those who are quiet and work hard... but you'd never know, if you give away prizes for bitching alone.
@_date: 2019-03-21 02:10:27
" is the new Blockstream rumble rumble..."


Two differences: 1) Work is Open Free, and 2) Unlike Adam, Jack is jacked - not having to bow to investors is quite a big deal.
Blockstream, Coinbase, etc, *are* good contributors toward solving issues the community needs, but the natural "business" nature of the investment means there needs to be sustainable interest that (generally) benefits the investors more than others.
Elon is a privatized company, but he open sources his patents - but not EVERYTHING. His community good is both Open Patents + increasing car competition (pushing electrics, etc). I think generically Blockstream behaves similarly, but there are certainly some aspects of Blockstream I dislike (example, as I dislike Coinbase pushing every alt on the planet, I similarly dislike Mow festering drama and promoting alts via Magic Alts Pony Show or whatever he does... Mow is probably the second most media driven member of Blockstream (behind Adam, but perhaps first), and he seems to enjoy promoting drama and alts... which annoys me similarly to Coinbase promoting alts... but Blockstream increases crypto competition, thus I like them for that).
@_date: 2019-11-01 05:31:52
I've been in the Bitcoin game a while. Things I've done bad on:
* Day Trading
* Alt Coin Trading
* Short-term Leverage Trading
Day trading is pointless, regardless. Alt Coin trading gets destroyed by taxes. Basically, BTC has such HUGE holding gains locked in, selling that for 10% profit in a back and forth Alt Coin might not even cover the tax bill. Similar issue with Day Trading.
My short term leverage trades were reasonable, but the platform I was using kept crapping out on me. I wonder if I would have profited had the platform never bugged out. When you margin, 30 seconds of downtime is a LOT and the platform I used had 30 minutes downtime during times of high activity.
However, there are things that have made me money:
* Volatility Smoothing
* ICO Investing
* Low Interest Loans
I sold a good bit at $17.5k and bought a good bit at $3.2k, and several spots in between there. Might of added 10 to 20% more Bitcoin, overall, who knows. But that's like trading monthly or annually.
I also did good converting a lot of Ethereum into Bitcoins, a lot of ODEM into Bitcoins, WeTrust into Bitcoins, and some others. A shit lot of coin was made in the ICO game. Perhaps I am just good at it, but perhaps it's easier than people are lead to believe. I don't know, but easily 70% of coins made this way I think.
Lastly, I secured a HUGE 6% interest loan (vs margins loans, which are 100%, annually). I took out 1 years of cash and invested all the rest back into Bitcoin. So basically I have a year for Bitcoin to increase 10% or whatever. Maybe it goes to $0, but if it goes to $20k within two years, I'll double all my Bitcoins.
I started with like 0.05 Bitcoins. Then bought more to 0.10 Bitcoins. Now I have more. Once you have 2 years of Salary in savings, it's quite possible to make more trading than working. Not that you should quit work, but you should not marginalize the importance of fund management.
I spend 20 plus hours weekly studying the market, in depth (I go way beyond the market when searching for investment opportunities... I look for anything). I probably trade once per month. I make 4x my annual salary per year trading, and if I double up again, I'll make more than I can spend, sensibly. Regardless, I work like 15 hours per week which I hope to cut back to 5 hours by 'investing' in writing books, making products for income vs labor.
But my labor hours are pretty meaningless. I spend everything. There is no need to save if your savings grow 500% faster than your contribution.
I do 'study the charts', 'follow influencers', 'use leverage' and 'don't work full time'; but I don't day trade, pay high interest rates, or not have active sources of income or cash handled. I take care of myself. That's the difference between clowns and egotists. Impressing others or impressing yourself.
But unfortunately it's sad to say most people don't focus on investments enough, they are super important.
@_date: 2019-11-07 21:02:28
As it applies, probably 99% of people avoid Bitcoin, so... less than 0 they can not go.
@_date: 2019-11-07 19:53:51
I expect no response from this...
Oh the joys of posting complex questions that require effort to answer :P
@_date: 2019-11-07 22:21:34
Not a bad idea... but I got a beard. That would be funny.
@_date: 2019-11-05 17:41:37
When someone deletes an account, it is impolite to reference it... they wanted privacy, give it to them.
In this rare exception I referenced it as it's less than 24 hours and a top post yesterday... so it's not like I am really calling more attention to the situation than most are already aware... except for highlighting the consequences of bullying the masses and cocksucking wealth.
@_date: 2019-11-07 21:13:45
Nah. I understand your thought, but it doesn't really work like that.
Saying something like "THIS WILL GROW YOUR PENIS!" is effective because the VERY small segment (pun intended) you expect to respond will find this as the only solution AND no one 'discusses' who is the best for enlarging penises.
So "Growing Penis" is good marketing, whereas "slightly increase a marginal aspect of your sexual intercourse in a pleasing way for both parties" is not... though one sounds stupid, and the other logical.
@_date: 2019-11-11 15:05:03
Read and intuit the original post...
What makes you think my OPSEC is worse than that of Szabo, Ver, or Andreas?
The bounty for the capture, ransoming, and theft of these three is about 1,000x more than me.
This mindless harassment is meant to discourage new people from entering the Bitcoin space so the Bitcoin Elite can become the sole-figures representing Bitcoin, and the commentor is just parroting approved the narrative.
Think. Am I more vulnerable to a Wrench than Szabo, Ver, or Andreas? Is the prize for my capture, far, far, less than the prize for anyone of them?
Imagine a News Caster saying that other social media news casters are evil, to create a monopoly on their position... oh that's right, they do that.
You are better than this. Harass Szabo, Andreas with your replies that they are unaware of OPSEC cause now people know they are involved with Bitcoin and they could be killed any time. See how they take the advice.
That's my take anyway, but yes, very, very little of BTC is accessible in under multiple days. I do take precautions.
@_date: 2019-11-06 01:24:48
I literally just messaged a guy! I'm excited!
Yes, I agree with you. I would love it if the people of Venezuela organized themselves to work for Americans remotely, paid in Bitcoin, for something like $5 per hour. You'd be surprised how many takers you'll find!
If you are curious (and if you live in Venezuela, perhaps you moved out), send me a PM, just so I have your info and I'll try to employee as many as I can, and try and promote businesses to hire them, etc... I work with a few businesses, and know some that have LOTS of data entry to do. I would love to hire folks from there for $5 / hr or what not. That's very fair (if I'm reading the economics right).
@_date: 2019-11-05 00:54:51
Ya, it's REALLY obnoxious the continued harassment and explicit targeted threats that are tolerated on r/Bitcoin. It's one thing to say 'stay safe, here's how', it's another to say 'people should kill you for your money'.
Why do the mods are r/Bitcoin allow it?.. It's against the rules of Reddit, and discourteous to say the least.
@_date: 2019-11-07 21:09:32
Result is still $0 - in marketing you absolutely don't care about those types. You expect 99.999999% of people to never try your product.
@_date: 2019-11-07 18:52:48
Edit: Changed the last line to read:


So I think that should solve most people's issues.
Persuasion is emotion.
Conceptualizing Bitcoin by anchoring it to known alternatives (housing, S&amp;P) is the simplest way to explain it. Similar with linking the 'halving' to Presidential Elections.
If you send out an informative brochure, you'll get 0 response, that's for sure. You got to get people to question what they've been told first and foremost...
"Here are 20 steps to losing weight" is less effective than "Fat is ugly and leads to bad sex".
You might click on the first message, but you will never take action. The second message challenges you with an explicit truth the common avoid.
This could use more imagery, but I sort of like it without the images. "Recession" is basically an image.
@_date: 2019-11-28 09:28:20
Jesus Christ that ad spam.
@_date: 2019-03-18 03:58:46
I did the same, it was glorious :)
The Coinmarketcap numbers are never right because they take the 'daily average' and not *lowest price*.
I think Coinmarketcap has the highest price of BTC at $19,000 but I know coinbase was doing $19,700 for a bit there - but again, coinmarketcap is not "highest price" but average price on the day it sold for *up to* $19,700, which was $19k or something.
@_date: 2019-03-29 19:07:57
Even 30 Sat / byte is 3 cents / transaction.
That's not enough for a business to care. If they batch and send 1 trans every single block, that is $130 / month.
Batching for businesses matters, and Coinbase wasn't batching during the 'war' - now they are. Binance batches, but doesn't do Segwit - this might cost them $1,000 / yr - not worth the effort to apply technical expertise.
The 'game theory' solution is very, very simple. This is when you want it to work without lobbying, boycotting, etc.
If one issued a Soft fork where block Subsidy was significantly smaller (say 0.25 BTC / block) - and this was somehow agreed to - then all spam has to immediately stop, and blocks become *reactive* to transaction fees as transaction fees now account for 50% of block reward.
But there are more game dynamics at play. Such a small subsidy or spend would dramatically escalate the price, in effect making the minimum transaction fee around $0.25 up to $5 (per coin value would rise to well over $30k).
This would maximize the 'store of value' aspect of Bitcoin, and fix the transaction fee spam problem by both making transaction fees *higher* and rewarding miners *more* (relative to total block reward).
Add more, this would make *dominance* go to over 80%, which is what is truly needed to advance the Lightning Network.
The real roadblock to the Lightning Network is not low fees, big blocks, or something something... but dominance. If BTC was at 80% dom, many of the dapps built on ETH would have been built on Lightning, I think.
But complex subjects have trouble reaching consensus.
@_date: 2019-11-11 02:58:49
People VASTLY underestimate Elon's ambition.
Mars can be accessed every 2 years (rotations). Elon had some wild estimate like we need 10,000 trips to colonize Mars.
But what is WAY crazier is that his boosters are designed to be launched 10 times per day... and he's planning on having 1,000 Capsules in the next few years (they are actually really cheap).
So the way it works is you use a booster to leave Earth, then the Capsule refuels in space at the space gas station. The capsule goes to Mars, lands, and can take off without the use of a booster. Once again you refuel, and land on Earth.
So with like 5 boosters you can send up an unlimited number of capsules (350 per week), which can then transport a Sherman Tank's worth of cargo.
The Mars mission, which Elon was shooting for 2030, has been advanced MUCH faster than EVER expected, as he was able to lower the cost PER ship by 90% which is freaking insane.
To test his ship, Elon is going to make a global high-speed 4k internet, launching up 60,000 satellites, making it the largest network of satellites surrounding the Earth globe.
The US has been outsourcing our crewed missions for decades; in just a few years, we will be sending up crewed people to space like pilots on an airplane... thousands per year.
I got a self-made poster in my office dedicated to the Mars mission, rocket booms, and space. I will be driving a Tesla a year from now, if all goes well, and take out significant amount of TSLA future contacts sometime post-halving.
I look forward to being a part of the future and accelerating change as much as I look forward to Bitcoin: Technology is great, but profiting from it and making it: better ;)
@_date: 2019-11-01 07:11:31
Have you tried collateralizing your Halloween Candy? I think they do that at softbank.
@_date: 2019-11-11 04:24:39
Thank you, that is very kind!
@_date: 2019-11-10 18:18:20
I have Bitcoin signs outside my office. I got a [GIANT Bitcoin Pumpkin](
Today I heard the runners yell "BITCOIN!" as they clobbered by.
I think it's working.
I do a little carrot and stick marketing. I got the friendly Bitcoin pumpkin as the carrot.
But I also say "Rebellion to Tyrants is Obedience to God". Have you been obedient lately? Is God judging you?
That's the stick. I'm about to bust out some more Carrots and Sticks. I got a flyer that got a lot of attention lately. Basically it says:
"Your life sucks, everyone is a liar: [Buy Bitcoin]( After that I have a Carrot:
"Visit top 10 attractions, post pictures online, win coin - Your most trusted friend, Bitcoin"
If will smack you, and I will kiss you, but I will never show you indifference.
@_date: 2019-11-07 21:17:31
I'm not opposed, but mailers are cheaper. The most *likely* thing I'd do is the Town Crier model. Basically wear some Bitcoin clothes with a Bitcoin sign and chill in the public square.
But... I don't really care *that* much. I'm fine to hire someone to do it if they were good, but most I know into Bitcoin are the 'foolish gambler' types. Sure, they might get someone to buy it, but I prefer taking things a bit more seriously.
Threatening people into buying Bitcoin is where I've seen the most success, personally. I can easily claim "you are in debt with no way out, and headed for a life of misery and failure" to most people, and they can not counter act that argument.
Getting people to acknowledge the full extent of their present calamity is 90% of the battle in getting them to act differently.
@_date: 2019-11-24 18:02:10
Great write up. Was having trouble finding *what actually* changed, from a users perspective :)
@_date: 2019-11-07 20:12:20
@_date: 2019-11-11 01:35:02
Let me know when Andreas gets robbed, who has millions in Bitcoins and is worth a heavy ransom, then get back to me or Roger Ver.
If you robbed me, you'd get less value in Bitcoin then you'd get from robbing a house, and that's even if I tried my best to help you. My Bitcoin is locked down, impossible for me to access in under multiple days.
People are *overly* aggressive about these OPSEC comments. Tell that to Andreas and Szabo. Szabo is a professor, easy to find.
@_date: 2019-11-01 05:39:31
I'm there with you.
VIVA LA BITCOIN!!!
@_date: 2019-11-28 04:14:38
I don't work; I'm a Bitcoin'er. But ya, I recommend it. Average salary rural area $70k, Urban area $90k... after 9 months with full on training. If I lived in San Fran and knew Comp Sci already, I might go more specialty, but if I was making like $40k or less, I think Lambda aces.
@_date: 2019-11-04 17:41:32
Tesla is bad in a recession, that's why I got Bitcoin.
When you invest in companies, it's less about economy and more individual. Tesla has a particular set of convergences that become extraordinarily profitable in the 3 yr timeline. Obviously, in a recession, it has more risk, but $5 Bil cash, too - which is actually a lot (like 2 yrs of continuous losses).
Investing in companies is like investing in a child at graduation. Children, as a whole, are difficult to predict, but if you scrape-off the top 10% of kids, at the transitory point between No Money to Infinite money, you can get a bargain - because their price points haven't adjusted.
Tesla is at that transitionary period. Winter could be rough (electric cars do poor in cold), but June 2020 and onward, you'll see something you wouldn't have predicted - Tesla will become the biggest automaker by market cap by 2023.
9 months ago it was on the verge of bankruptcy. It is no longer, without a great depression like event. That is when you want to negotiate the long term contract of value (stock price)... immediately after they become sober.
@_date: 2019-11-07 20:15:17
Yes, I have!
You are quite stupid if you think the only customer that is relevant surfs Reddit and Twitter. Probably 95% of the US population uses neither, and spend less than 30 minutes on the internet (aside for work).
Town criers really aren't a bad solution. Quite cheap too, just dress up a bum or similar...
Fear or Funny are the only two forms of advertising I know to be effective. "Personal empowerment" is EXTREMELY complex, and generally leads to no follow through. But whatever..
@_date: 2019-11-15 18:41:01
Utilities are basically cash flowing real estate, no downside risk - ignoring solar innovation.
@_date: 2019-11-07 20:57:18
Hum, well. I might have to redesign it.
So far, I've got 1 for and 15 against. Odds aren't looking good lol.
@_date: 2019-11-06 11:31:47
You are quite a moron.
OP claims $0.05 is the going wage. $5 is good, not ‘taking advantage’ dipshit.
@_date: 2019-11-01 14:35:38
It’s probably not as hard as you think. But I’m older. I have savings.
@_date: 2019-03-11 10:56:25
To briefly describe what separated Jackson from ‘central bankers’, there are three sources of economic input. 1) Historical Wealth, 2) New Wealth, &amp; 3) Natural Wealth.
Jackson focused on Natural Wealth, using ‘manifest destiny’ to secure national debt. In other words the ‘oil’ of West US justified increase money printing.
The ‘central bankers’ always focus on Historical Wealth or primogeniture; saying each new dollar made is stolen from an elite (closed loop). This inevitably leads to stagnation of population and innovation.
Jackson’s economic understanding is actually quite advanced, considering how confused people are 200 years later. Jackson was neither a socialist nor a goldladen elite. His view was that the Earth was made up of an abundance of natural resources of which it was up to proactive man to put to use. New Wealth did not deteriate old wealth nor did it need to be shared; it has been contained within nature itself and it was up to man to release it.
His condemnation of the Central Banks is equally upon the poor economic institutes and the poor human spirit it produced. Central Banks caused more colonial deaths than most realize due to their lack of investment in young technology.
@_date: 2019-11-05 16:06:59
Honestly, 33% choosing gold is amazing. That gold marketing team is the shit.
80% of people IRL don't use Facebook / Twitter / Youtube except for humor or 'bias agreement' (here are 10 reasons the RICH ARE EVIL!) - cause in a two way conversation, these thought patterns don't work.
Regardless, considering Gold is primarily for those 40 yrs old plus, and Twitter is for those sub-80 IQ... I'm quite surprised Gold dominated so hard. It's like taking a 'do you like Bitcoin' survey at a Bitcoin convention, and getting under 60% to say yes..
The Bitcoin community can do more to engage the common public. Institutions bring themselves to the table but 'mom and dad' types needs aggressive, friendly, welcoming marketing - which is the opposite of Bitcoin community.
Just yesterday [this guy]( had no less than 10 people say they'd hit him on the head with a weapon and steal his money in r/Bitcoin, and named their weapon of choice. The Mods here called that 'good advice'. How many death threats did he get from winning the lottery? Zero. How many death threats did he get from the Bitcoin community for supporting Bitcoin? More than a dozen.
No one threatens Andreas for discussing Bitcoin. No one threatens Szabo, Jack, Winklevoss, Powell, Pierre, and so on... But if you are new to the Bitcoin community, and have WAY less Bitcoins than these guys, and are WAY harder to find... the community will attack you and the mods call it acceptable, because you are not part of the Bitcoin elite.
Try targeting Szabo or Andreas with repeated statements of violence, naming your weapon and location of attack. See how quickly you get banned. Then try it with any Rando, and the mods will call it 'a good lesson' in Bitcoin. Disgusting, amateur, and biased.
Protect the Bitcoin elite, threaten new comers - makes total sense.
PS - Now that account is deleted. Thanks r/Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-15 03:17:01
I’ll be in contact about some other financial projects if interested.
@_date: 2019-11-13 18:16:02
Lambos are sooooo last halving. 0 to 60 in under 3 secs with a $60k Tesla is tots the rage. If you go Lambo, you just signal Alt Twat Fuck Boy, and nobody wants that. Might as well get a shirt saying Roger Ver is my idol.
Teslas are smart cars. Fast cars. Better.
You boys are going to love (hate) what I have in store. My go time is tomorrow. I got some highly aggressive anti-Fed Dollar, Fed Economy flyers coming out, 1,000, to threaten every man woman and child with.
In their homes, where they feel safest.
Bitcoin is coming. BITCOIN KNOCKS!
@_date: 2019-11-07 19:02:41
Visuals lacking, yes. But I feel the argumentation is sharp and challenging, which is good (IMO), personally.
@_date: 2019-11-07 22:20:29
lol I will listen to you alone! Thank you =) I’ll repost when I print.
@_date: 2019-11-11 14:53:52
I have already hired someone for this project, but I appreciate your kind reply. Here is a thread I made so you can advertise yourself for Bitcoin! If you reply, I'll edit the original post to include your name.
Thank you, and good luck.
@_date: 2019-11-05 19:47:19
It only takes 1 person to have internet + computer + electricity to hire multiple. It only takes 1 person to have a skill to teach the rest.
Think about how stupid you sound applying it to your country. Say minimum wage is $7 and someone offers $700 per hour ($5 is 100x more than $0.05).
Now imagine I say "I already make $700 per hour, your money is worthless".
Don't you think someone more intelligent than you would notice an arbitrage opportunity, to recruit a $7 per hour worker, pay them $70 per hour, and pocket the other $630??? How long would it take me to purchase a 2nd computer, solar cells, or... HOW THE FUCK IS OP POSTING ON THE INTERNET IF IT DOESN'T EXIST!
I appreciate the motherly instinct, but societally it is cruel. Don't give crybabies your inheritance, and don't ignore those who suffer quietly. Instead, employ them, and this is socially scalable and fair.
If you have to invent an impossibly stupid scenario to justify your already biased behavior (biased in that one always defends actions they have taken previous, even if thoughtless), then you might be undeserving of wealth and a threat to open society.
If I offer to pay you $700 per hour on a recurring basis for unskilled labor, even if you were filled up, you'd find a way to get it done. That is how *actual* reality works... you are being fed a lie.
The work I am asking for is merely data entry... take these names from a spreadsheet of paper and type them into excel. It's skill less and can be done offline (with like a weekly upload).
The fictional poor you want to exist, don't. Or more accurately, your money can't help them, nor can any other organization you invent which you believe can... it's all a sham, same as donating to any church and believing it brings you closer to god. You are buying indulgences to excuse your inattentive behavior. Better is to pay attention, and help directly.. then you'll see through the scam.
And I do welcome you to *actually* help, but I know you want. That actually takes work, and you won't get your name on a pedestal - which is all one is after, really.
If you think you care, try to work toward it... you won't. You don't.
Sorry if that comes across overly harsh, but it is important to recognize this sort of destructive behavior, like buying more bombs for the military believing you are fostering peace.
If you actually employ someone doing anything, I will be amazed... even if it's to write book reports, anything that takes time. I will also be surprised if anyone actually works for you, cause Venezuelans don't come cheap.
@_date: 2019-11-05 22:26:09
Typing PDF data into Excel.
@_date: 2019-11-28 04:49:11
Ya man.
I’ll be posting some BTC videos soon :)
@_date: 2019-08-07 17:42:53
I'm an Accountant, they are a Fitness store.
Individually, they are good people. But (as I was when I started my business), they naively believe the 'community' will rally to their support b/c they are promoting good behaviors, etc.
I support them, not only because they mean well, but also because their business requires 5x the traffic to succeed as mine does. In effect, I leach off their success and if they succeed, I never have to advertise again.
I've given them around $250 in welcoming gifts, but still they call me scammer :P I wish them no ill will, but sense like this and the refusal to advertise means I'm smarter to plan for their vacancy.. so I move accordingly.
@_date: 2019-08-16 05:06:11
I'm setting me up some BTCPay servers now.
Not going to say it was super easy, but I'm trying.
@_date: 2019-08-29 15:21:03
Now that’s a Bitcoin ad.
@_date: 2019-08-23 01:59:39
Ok yes. I will never be that cool, ever.
@_date: 2019-08-07 15:56:18
Exactly. I could pay 20% yield, and print 40% and still come out ahead. This is what India is (will be) doing. 7.75% is ridiculous in this economy - it's a fake; too good to be true.
But people in India are super brainwashed (common person, not the businessmen) and will support centralized government above all else, even if it means destroying their family's savings and harming their heirs.
@_date: 2019-08-10 03:00:59
Can’t deposit after sept 12
@_date: 2019-08-23 11:52:15
I set me up 4 BTCPay servers last couple weeks (selling extras). Here’s some things I didn’t realize:
1) It uses master pub key (from Electrum). Meaning even if I host 20 different stores for others, each store still receives there own BTC immediately. Thus, ‘server’ hosted BTC is really just fine (I figure it was like Bitcoin and you need your own ‘full node’ - not really).
... ok no number 2 but, also the ‘savings’ of BTCPay is much more than CC fees. 10% merchant discount easily justified IMO. Fees (3% to 4%) + unrefundable (2% to 6%) + already in BTC, no exchange fees (2% to 6%) + private; no data selling, spying, tax reporting (1% to 6%) + instantaneous BTC volatility exposure (2% to 4%).
Easily a 10% benefit, arguably a 26% benefit (if one assumes bull market, high returns, business reserves held in BTC vs fiat, and tax avoidance). Remember BTCPay is like becoming a PURELY cash based business - super hard to tax.
Again, as it uses ONLY master pub keys, a third-party hosting bears no risk - not like Bitcoin at all. So long as you trust me not to be swapping out your pay to address for mine, you still control your Bitcoins instantly and I can never ever spend them.
BTCPay benefits most when you have an expense in Bitcoin. Can u pay vendors / employees in Bitcoin? Now you have a ‘cash in, cash out’ business. No reporting ever. No exchange fees. Pure BTC held reserves. If flopping back to dollars, ‘exchange fees’ is actually a negative vs a bonus.
The setup process was mildly tricky. Needed to add in an extra line of code (not in instructions) and change proxy settings on CloudFlare. Could of got it done in 4 hrs easy as a first timer if FAQ was improved (takes like 1 hr to setup a second one).
As a community, we should be pushing luxury goods sellers to offer 20% BTC discounts. This means raising fiat prices 10% &amp; discounting BTC 10% from old values - that’s a fair trade, exchange. Less than 20% discount, and I think the merchant is killing.
Focus on luxury goods, as margins already high, returns are actually a problem, and price is high. BTC for a $400 massage or painting (with a 60% profit margin) makes total sense. BTC for food or commodity retail doesn’t (unless your entire supply chain takes BTC).


I’ll be putting up a website shortly where I’ll be highlighting these benefits (like 2 wks, vacationing), and selling Pi’s, support, &amp; remote hosting, all for a good price. I got a 16 yr old boy I’ve semi-adopted who’s doing all the work and gets 80% of profits. He was washing dishes at $8, now he sells websites &amp; programs for Bitcoin working from home. By now, he’s remarkable for 16. Easily $50k annual if devoted to programming full time. If u got boys from a rough life, get them programming at 14 and business owners by 16. They’ll be doing better (for girls I recommend court reporting, Steno machines - women can hear better than men, and are less willing to do dull, mechanical work, for money... but steno pays $50 / hr, teaches you law, no degree required).
Children are a gold mine if you treat them right and life a blessing if you have good mentors. Take your cut (like a mobster) and expend your efforts toward forcing them to be a success and everyone’s happy. No reason your kids can’t be making $100k by 18. Luke Jr. is infinitely rich, as a collective.
Regardless, BUY MY BTCPAY MACHINES! And get luxury good sellers to accept Bitcoin with a minimum of 10% discounts. I’ll have my site up in 2 to 3 weeks. Thank you for shopping.
[Instant Bitcoin]( - Save 4 later
@_date: 2019-08-11 01:41:23
Some businesses I know process $30,000 on credit cards from a single customer regularly or have to deal with large checks. Converting 1 customer makes BTCPay worth it. With hundreds of customers or cheap ticket prices, explanation cost is too high.
@_date: 2019-08-20 15:32:38
Will do thank you!
@_date: 2019-10-07 19:00:49
[.]( Yup, you got it ;)
@_date: 2019-08-14 21:18:36
All those virgin Bitcoins! Hope you sell them at a premium!
@_date: 2019-08-11 19:19:48
Yes, I could see that.
@_date: 2019-08-10 14:39:57
I’m settin’ me up a few BTCPays now, partner.
@_date: 2019-08-16 06:00:22
Yes. It says like "we paid xddm2653 $50,000 in 2019"
And that's about it.
@_date: 2019-10-25 15:40:26
This is awful to think about. Conventional wisdom would say the insider trading was by "Osama Bin Laden" or Al-Qaeda. Then the 'conspiracist' would tell you it was actually Saudi Arabia. And then the next level up would tell you it was 'the deep state' or black government, false flagging the Saudis.
But I know government people, and more likely than not this was the CIA, and probably 'regular workers' in the CIA. Government people are wrought with insider trading.
A typical government official makes $150k, fully loaded, but also makes $500k annual in stock investments. The way this works is that you typically have 'government families', in which 20 or so relatives or friends, all in government, make $150k each... and swap secrets between each other to make it 'technically legal'.
If you watched the [Joe Rogan podcast with Snowden]( he says that the CIA was well aware of the terrorist plot and instead of 'acting' for in the interest of Public Safety (and warning the country), the CIA chief told everyone to go home and be quite.
Based on my experience knowing 'big government' types, it was these people who shorted the airline stocks. The CIA uncovered the terrorist plot, and instead of preventing it, they found a way to profit.
Was the CIA involved in 9/11? Snowden says they 'allowed it to happen' - and it was this sort of action that caused him to question where their loyalties lied.
It is very common to profit $500k annually from insider trading for government officials. I have little doubt that a CIA official say these terrorists acts as an opportunity to set himself up for life.
The sense of 'duty' and 'honor' in black OPS, deep state is equivalent to the sense of duty and honor one has by becoming a Catholic Priest. Most start with good intentions, by given time and experience, most turn to the selling of indulgences, the raping of innocent, and profiting from plague.
Bitcoin will fix this. By taking away their power.
Fuck black OPS and the self-righteous profiteers of social chaos. I look forward to a day we can collectively defeat them, by building a better, more sensible society, free of state sponsored terrorist funding.
@_date: 2019-08-23 14:18:30
My opinion on fees is keep blocks small until fees are averaging $5 or more. Once fees are sustaining at $5 or more for a prolonged period of time (like 3 months or more), at that point I will be open to block size increases. Anything less than $5 and I don't think humans have been properly incentivized to streamline transacting (batching, segwit, LN).
That is why $0.25 is no biggie. I won't do anything for $0.25, outside routine. If you are charging me $0.25 for global instant money exchange... well. Maybe you should ask more.


Transaction fees spike with price, both in flat dollar, and in BTC congestion (due to new adoption).
@_date: 2019-10-27 05:19:23
There are much better strategies than always buying and never selling - that’s ridiculously constricting your life style.
There are benefits to a consistent vs volatile rise, so it’s not selfish either. By stabilizing the price, less people buy for a loss.
Most people here are unaccustomed to money, investing, &amp; finance. You want to think of BTC as money, not ‘investing’.
Investing pays hype, and you can use it to buy more BTC faster. But investing takes actual skill (S&amp;P isn’t ‘investing’, really).
You can take out financing loans dominated in a weak currency to buy hard money. The trick is long pay cycles, good interest, &amp; minimal debt to assets, like 25% is fair.
Like a house is 4x Debt to 1x Downpayment with 20% down. This allows you to profit 5% ROI from a 1% price escalation.
For Bitcoin I might recommend the reverse, 1x Debt to 4x Down.
Also you want to keep about 1 yr cash with BTC IMO. Like, assuming you keep your job + like 6 months pay. Plan cash outs for 1 to 2 years at a time.
But you also want to refine your work to build equity, money. If you make a W2, add a side hustle. Make more money, buy more Bitcoin.
Being an earlier investor in Bitcoin is great, but don’t stop just knowing about the technology or touching your toes in. Design a financial lifestyle that allows you to work harder for money, at your own direction, and manage finances for exceptional return.
If you commit yourself to profits, professional occupations and well managed finances can make life financially stress free in 5 to 10 years - it’s just the allure of ‘65’ that makes people not adjust habits for significantly better today. Just surviving seems tolerable, but don’t settle. Thrive.
@_date: 2019-08-16 05:02:47
You have to do it by hand, yes.
The 1099-K is not a 1099-B like a stock exchange sends you. You got to sort of just guess, frankly.
@_date: 2019-10-02 21:53:23
I haven't got through reading all his works, but I DID buy two copies of his 'complete' works lol... was getting carried away. I started reading Jefferson's complete works first (and still am)... there is a surprising amount said on Whale Oil.
To think, all this done pre-lamps, electricity, modern housing etc... all this writing, either by the sun, whale oil, or in the dark... what a chore.
When you see what was accomplished with so little... poverty becomes nearly a mute point vs dedication, intelect, and ambition.
@_date: 2019-08-16 02:29:21
I could be wrong, but I think B-money was vulnerable to the 'time stamp' issue.
Frankly, this was the real innovation of Bitcoin (aside the economic aspect of limited inflation, but others had tried that prior). Julian Assange actually talks about this, that Bitcoin was the first world clock that couldn't be hacked.
So *I think* B-money used 'byzantine consensus' but the issue is WHAT are you agreeing to. Like with PoS Alt Coin, you agree upon a block, but with Bitcoin it is not really the block you are agreeing to, but the TIME.
So long as a block is valid, all accept it. Whereas with PoS Alt Coin, all must agree to you + your block. But with Bitcoin, the blocks are automatically accepted, so long as they work. Then, since all blocks are auto-accepted, there is longest chain 'byzantine consensus' but this is sort of a misnomer as it is instantaneous (virtually), and can be reversed.
But with Bitcoin, no node can accept a block with a timestamp prior to the previous block (with perhaps some small window, I forget). So *actually* the consensus algorithm presumes the average *full node* (not miner) is not alternating their Date &amp; Time on their computers, and that the average miner is not either. So long as that occurs, then it is extraordinarily difficult to *premine* or sandbag (as it would be practically applied) Bitcoin blocks.
That is how you know which block came first, in the correct order, etc. Without a time element incorporated into the blocks (which I don't think B-Money had), then you could sandbag lots and lots of blocks, and just release them all at once with a big splooge, and effectively erase transactions.
This *can* be done with BTC, but substantially harder, especially for more than 2 or 3 blocks at a time. Every time you try this and fail, you'd lose a million at least.
@_date: 2019-10-10 18:04:33
Just yesterday a $10 Mil sale would have taken it to $7,800 or so instead of $5,000... something is wrong.. is the point.
@_date: 2019-08-15 11:16:05
$6k possible, but only as a touch. Basically if it hits $8,500 a bunch of margin orders will instantly liquidate.
It won’t stay below $7 for more than a week, but could touch $6 for a day. My hope is over $8.
@_date: 2019-10-02 01:46:34
While I have no content or value to add, I too am excited about the mooning.
@_date: 2019-10-10 19:22:12
Is there honestly no one who has used Coinbase Depth charts in this sub? Surprising. They are WAY off.
75% reduction of depth at least... crazy.
In 1 day.
$40 Mil off the books.
@_date: 2019-08-22 15:07:13
"climate change".
That way it's not our fault and unavoidable. If you deny Bitcoin, you are denying global warming. It's a catch 22 for socialist scammers.
@_date: 2019-08-22 13:24:38
“I’m a Bitcoin Collector”
Alt season got canceled by the globe warming up to Bitcoin. Sorry boyz. Not our fault. Climate change is real.
Bitcoin desire is burning.
Btw, anyone hear of Charlie Lee and Fluffy Pony's [latest scam]( They were busy getting you guys to hate on Wright, hoping you'd miss it.
Unfortunately, they suckered [Whale Panda]( Samson Mow, and Jason Lopp into the deal too, raising $2.5 Mil. Such a shame. These scammers get all hateful against their scamming competition, hoping they can get all the suckers to themselves.
Such obvious bullshit.
@_date: 2019-08-07 17:58:55
I'm on a busy, busy road (15,000 cars weekly). People stop and take pictures of the Bitcoin signs, that is for sure :)
I do referrals. Internet is not profitable for advertising. Signage is way, way more profitable. Local club sponsorship, second. Then mailers, touchable giveaways. Then Internet.
Like 4 years ago, internet was profitable to advertise on, before media started doing click farms, or whatever. Unless you are selling a product, I wouldn't advertise *much* on the general internet.
@_date: 2019-10-07 16:46:26
I actually am invested 150% in Bitcoin at the moment. A lot of people get confused, but taking out 25% leverage (at 8% interest rates) to buy BTC, I would recommend to anyone.
Taking out 200 to 500% leverage is going a bit nuts - but 25% is totally sensible. You only lose if BTC hits $2k or if BTC stays below $10k for the next 2 years... both of which, highly unlikely.
@_date: 2019-10-02 20:06:06
Excellent! Glad you enjoyed it!
@_date: 2019-08-15 17:52:33
The whole story is sensationalist click-bait garbage.
BTC going down 20% is not unusual. Far, far, far more likely cause is the relaxing of Chinese tariffs.
@_date: 2019-08-11 02:15:27
$35 fees + refund costs + fraud + instant transfer + BTC float.
$100 I say. Smaller transactions, fraud isn't really an issue nor getting the money 5 days sooner.
@_date: 2019-08-19 22:22:48
ok thank you. I will move over to having an electrum wallet, too.
My loyalty between Bitcoin implementations is now divided!!!
@_date: 2019-10-08 16:20:39
Yes, and it's overly complicated.
I handled cash in Walmart, some $250k. Creating a high-quality fake is SUPER easy - $5 bills and $100 bills were printed on the same paper.
In one day, we had some $6k cash laundered through our Walmart store. Fake cash payment for Items, then sold on Ebay (or returned) for real cash.
People talk about stealing money, selling drugs... but printing fake currency is REALLY easy, and near impossible to stop. All you needed, at the time, was a real $5 bill and white / green ink. Just print over the $5 with a $100 and you're done - it's really that simple.
How much does it cost for a high-quality camera and high-quality printer? Like $5,000? And then you get as many $100 bills as you want? Come the fuck on...
So in our scenario, the 'gang' flew in to Memphis with like 1,000 fake $100's ($100k). Spent $50k at Walmart stores (like $6k each) and the rest elsewhere - and a lot of people pay in $100's... too many to track, really. And they could use stooges, so who knows.
So this is another reason why I choose Bitcoin - Paper currency will NEVER be secure as technology spreads - printing is too cheap.
Also, regarding the 'conspiracy' angle of this, I don't like it. Blaming it on Iran?? Doubtful. I would NOT be surprised if 'the CIA' or similar global black ops agency was doing it to fund their 'terrorism' - as this is common - But I question if this could *actually* be done without proper US sanctions or a global power beyond the reach of the US (Swiss). China, Iran, N. Korea, Russia - all too weak.
But this is the issue with CIA-type operations. 'Conspirators' say stop funding the CIA - but this is not how it works. The CIA makes money, like a business. They don't need funding - crime DOES pay, if you're good. And while this sort of crime is ABSOLUTELY NOT SOPHISTICATED, it is the most profitable, scalable.
The lack of sophistication means it could be anybody. The high-degree of profit means every black ops agency should be doing it. So I don't like painting it with 'countries we should be at war with' as the culprits.. more likely internal, or 'western'. And the problem is the paper bill... blaming the violator is silly. Lock your doors, encrypt your money. Any other take leads to continued thievery, just by the 'approved' party, like the mob.
This is why punishing crime is almost always a losing prop. Increase your defenses (conceal and carry), or the criminals will just become institutionalized (militarized police), and this is the best one can ask for.
@_date: 2019-10-07 18:36:31
*Mild* leverage...
25% leverage into BTC (where you only get called at $2k) makes 100% sense.
Housing is reversed. Housing is like 400% leverage.
You can't compare someone buying a $100k house with $20k to someone buying $100k Bitcoin with $80k.
There is a difference between *avoiding carbs* and *becoming vegan*. Vegan is 100%, lifelong identity forming commitment... avoiding carbs can be done for a week, a month, whatever.
Avoid debt, but don't get scared of it and write it off completely.
If you buy a house worth $100k with $80k down... and you got multiple years to get payback, I really doubt there is any *realistic* scenario where housing prices crash that hard *without* simultaneously starting WWIII.
Puting 80% down into BTC, totally reasonable. Putting 20% down into housing... HIGHLY questionable.
But that said YOU DO ACTUALLY want to leverage as much as the bank will allow, so long as you can cover the debt if you go busto... which is like taking out max house loan to buy Stocks (or anything paying over 5%).. so long as you are prepared to liquidate for house cash, if needed.
But leveraging 20% into Bitcoin is FAR safer than leveraging 400% into Housing, IMO - and people leverage 400% into housing, every day.
@_date: 2019-10-16 15:14:12
A great video if you are [thinking about buying a Tesla](
@_date: 2019-10-17 21:17:00
I do Fidelity, and you’re welcome :)
@_date: 2019-10-11 08:44:02
I purpose a **1,000,000 Sat contest** now till Oct 25th for best BTC pumpkin.
So far takes the lead!
@_date: 2019-10-10 17:38:25
This market use to show $55 Mil of 'Cost', meaning you could sell $55 Mil at once.
Now it you liquidate $10 Mil on Coinbase, you'll be selling BTC for $1 or whatever... the liquidity pool IS GONE!!!
I hope it is just an accounting error / server reset, but this could be a massive whale migration due to fees... who knows.
@_date: 2019-10-08 18:01:21
I'm a huge Tesla bull. In terms of a seizable company a person could park millions into and profit handsome, Tesla and Bitcoin is all I consider.
There are other companies with greater or similar profit potential (like Lambda School), but their market cap is and should be low... meaning if someone throws $500 Mil their way, then the economics get out of whack. But with $1 Mil, or whatever, Lambda is a *hugely* great investment.
Note, it's not publicly traded. Must be accredited, etc.
@_date: 2019-10-25 23:30:56
I've been 150% Bitcoin for a while... literally liquidated everything, moved everything into Bitcoin, then put all of it on Nexo... maxed out the loan, then used all that money to purchase more Bitcoin.
My 'call' started at $7k and I would have lost had BTC hit $5k. Not saying it can't happen now, but this is the classic 'snap bounce' people have been waiting for. Not saying 'moon', but saying *I hope* the second retest is complete, and now full bull.
My objective was to hold BTC till June, then move into Tesla (slowly) for a 'balanced portfolio' - I think in the case of peak bull market, where I can't hold BTC for several months cause it's overpriced, Tesla is my preferred counter-asset. I hate Tether, frankly (though I've used it).
A Tesla Bitcoin Partnership could go a long way. There is so much cross-over there, that you could see some real acceleration of human development, unlike we've ever experienced.
And Elon is very community focused. If 10 to 20% of the Tesla community got into Bitcoin, Elon would probably opt for selling cars in Bitcoin - or converting his $5 Bil cash reserves into Bitcoin reserves - and Elon has a presence. Elon would be the biggest Bitcoin celebrity barnone, and the customer crossover is immense - scientific, controversial, prophetic.
Long term, that is the ticket to 'mass adoption', Elon Musk. And the ticket to Elon Musk's heart is the Tesla community.
This bull market, I want Tesla to reign supreme. Once we get the Tesla Bitcoin partnership in place, we will be prepared for Stage 3 of the Bitcoinization Road Map.
@_date: 2019-10-10 14:19:57
ICO investing, selling peak buying troth, leveraging.
My ‘trading’ wasn’t hugely profitable, but occasionally I’d hit 5x on portions of funds, which adds up. I did sell @ $17,500 and bought $13k on a huge portion.
But still, I also bought substantially at $3,200 too (with a small portion). It all adds up. But micro trades (like + / - 10% here and there) didn’t profit much.
@_date: 2019-10-08 20:08:21
The issue is how to spend them.
If you spend them at a bank, you'll get fucked, at least within a few days. If you spend them at a cash register (who processes bills by hand, like 99%), then your opponent is a 50 yr old women paid $12 an hour, who is extremely bitter and resentful of her employment.
You can spot these. Printing $100 over a $5 takes care of the pen method, so... what are they really going to say?
Once you know security protocol, you can break it. Less than 0.1% of $100 bills are fraud, so design a 'cost' to catch them isn't very worth it... like your security protocol can't eat up more than $0.10 of costs or 30 seconds of time.
With these couterfeits, the tape inside still said $5 and, if one looked extremely close, the faded portrait was still Abe Lincoln - the issue is that your average cashier can't identify these. Even looking REALLY close, I couldn't identify them either - until security pointed it out.
This is also the problem with 'flash and costumes'. The big green portrait, the bright ink, the feel of money.. all these things 'signal' money.. This is like a hypnotic thing, but your brain is already convinced this is money, so you stop looking for more.
Which is to say, if security feature isn't obvious, it's worthless, save for banks, machinery, or similar industrial applications... a 50 yr old teller can't do it.
@_date: 2019-10-31 13:43:44
It’s easy to have bought BTC @ $3,200 and the price goes to $10,500 (sell) and back down to $9,500 (buy). You make $1,000 but pay tax on $7,300 gain = $1,500 (roughly).
This is why small profit taking is not tax smart on assets that gain a lot of value, such as Bitcoin. There are better ways.
@_date: 2019-08-10 15:43:46
I’m doing some merchandising over Bitcoin. So naturally I got one BTCPay for me, one for an associate, one for family, and one for curiosity.
Lightning, BTC Full Node, &amp; Invoicing is too good. Can help family members keep a node running, or be good for introducing a tech worker into Bitcoin.
For merchants, you want your sales ticket over $100. For big items, Bitcoin saves a ton on fees, and also gains investment float. A month between receipt and payment on credit card, for a bull market, could be 10% investment gains plus 3% Merchant fees.
12% Bitcoin discounts could become the norm. Non refundable, international, fraud-less, payments confirmed in two hours, spendable in two hours.
BTCPay can be the gateway to leading that transition. For high value merchants, significant discounts can be justified, creating a more loyal customer.
@_date: 2019-10-17 18:30:32
I make more money managing money than I make money by moving.
@_date: 2019-10-29 15:58:04
This is dope
@_date: 2019-10-03 20:35:20
Active Trader says 0.25 Maker but could be wrong
@_date: 2019-10-12 09:43:26
Thank you :) Afraid a bit too meta for most.
@_date: 2019-10-07 19:15:10
If you are earning more than you are spending, and are super happy with the work you do, and you got no immediate monster bills coming up... then you got a long time horizon.
Basically, don't "retire" with Bitcoin hitting $100k (or whatever), instead Retire into *great* work, today. Use Bitcoin as a *long term* wealth management *parking space* until better investments arise, and work for the bread day to day.
Bitcoin should outperform most Index funds, Bitcoin is the best *predictable* return on investment, with ostensibly no cap (one could probably invest $10 Mil daily while maintaining original investment value, meaning little to no price movement).
@_date: 2019-08-15 15:47:37
Educated guess, but you can pay to see this at Trading View I think.
@_date: 2019-10-23 17:48:00
To get liquidated, the price needs to merely stay flat. If you are 5x leveraged for 3 months with an initial call at $7k, the end call becomes like $10k... because margin rates are 100% / annum.
I am leveraged, I may bust, but I'm on Nexo with 6% rates. That is a HUGE advantage in a flat or slow growth environment. The "disadvantage" is that I can't margin beyond 50% vs 10,000% on Bitmex or 500% on Kraken. But for Bitcoin, I find 25-50% margins sensible, so that's why I did it.
My call starts around $7k and (assuming BTC goes back up, eventually) I lose BTC at $5k... but I never lose all my BTC unless it goes to $0. If you max Nexo leverage at $7.5k, you don't end up with less BTC unless it falls below $4.5k... or increases by less than 6% a year, which is of course possible but I feel unlikely.
There are also tax reasons to do this as well, which are hugely advantageous.
@_date: 2019-10-09 15:19:44
Maybe, but...
Did the fees increase that much if you're a high volume trader?




I don't know the old fees, but 2,407 x $8k = $20 M, so solidly in the 0% range if trading frequently.
I will say that Coinbase has been my barometer on Buy Walls and Sell Walls, as it's the easiest for me to verify (binance is shit, reading their order book).. But the volume on Coinbase is *soooo* small, it's not as useful as it once was.
I blame it all on their push for Alt Coin, and the CEO's general hatred of Bitcoin. Oh well, Gemini, Kraken, and Cash App will do.
Note: While I love the Kraken CEO, and their team, I have been fucked multiple times using their trading system. Orders not executing, orders holding my funds and not canceling after I click cancel, market orders getting canceled, and so on.
All this was during time of huge price changes, so on... I'd say it cost me like $30k due to their technical errors and fuck ups. I've never made money on Kraken, but ALSO I've had like ~75% of my orders get fucked if I make changes more frequently than every 30 minutes.
30 Fucking Minutes is a long ass time when you're catching price spikes. 15 seconds is the highest level of tolerance, really.
And I don't know how normal it is, but due to this fuckery I quit placing Limit Orders, and started placing Market Orders.... AND THEN MY FUCKING MARKET ORDERS GOT CANCELED. Like, at least 10 times.
And each time these fucking orders were 'canceled', it would hold my funds, preventing new orders from getting placed... and the whole process would take like 30 minutes to clear their system.
Meh, I like the Kraken Team, but fucking damn do you need to be able to place and cancel orders in 15 seconds or give the fuck up, if you call yourself an exchange (overly harsh, but shit's god damn expensive when these fuck ups occur).
@_date: 2019-10-28 19:06:43
Like maybe 40 hours or something, right now. But I don't market the product.
As it stands, I don't have someone I want doing the work, so I charge 3x more than industry average, cause I do it all. It's very part-time, and that is why I offer 2x whatever I expect them to make doing anything else.
When I was hiring Students, I was paying $20 / hour, but decided they weren't worth it in the end. Too much drama.
@_date: 2019-08-07 16:24:52
I got Bitcoin signs on my business, my neighbors call it "my scam". As if I run Bitcoin..
But guess what? They'll be going out of business and lose a lot of money doing it, cause they are bad at business. I've tried to help them, despite the numerous insults they've hurled my way.
At this point I've made my peace with it. Watching 'good people' go belly-up cause the extent of their brainwashing gets them too cocky is sad, but there are more people that need attention aside just them, so I move on.
@_date: 2019-10-16 16:45:33
I wish the lady who committed suicide bombed the corporate offices instead. It’s a sad day when good people obey the laws of tyrants.
@_date: 2019-10-19 01:07:40
Very pretty!
@_date: 2019-08-20 15:33:09
Hum :) Probably will go with Electrum. Thank you for the tip!
@_date: 2019-10-10 13:09:02
I posted a link to his twitter... his twitter has a link to this thread.
I presume he doesn’t use Reddit, or he would have spoken up. It’s not really expected on reddit at least, that YOU are the link.
The guy got a lot of recognition, which was the objective. I don’t really feel obliged to hunt everyone down and clarify people can post links and promote people who are not themselves on reddit..
I don’t think anyone who spent 10 seconds clicking the link or reviewing my post history believes us to be the same person.. like are you not a Spirit??? Your name says ‘spirit’, you are lying if you have metaphysical form!
But to be clear, as I said, dude is reading the comments, and dude knows I’m not him... so to the people that matter, he’s getting the recognition.. I feel the difference between us two should be quite obvious... do you feel obliged to tell people you are human and not a spirit??
But also if I spoke up, people would stop giving him compliments. And he wouldn’t understand the lack of compliments is not because people don’t care, but that they don’t have twitter or that they are more likely to be quite b/c now it’s a pass-through compliment vs the belief it’s a direct compliment.
Obviously my preference is that he opens a Reddit account and does it himself, but I don’t think that’s his priority.
@_date: 2019-10-07 16:43:47
I use to be of this belief (and I'm a finance guy).
But once you get serious with your money (which you should do once you got like 1 yrs of salary saved up) - then indexing is a fools game - which is totally justifiable if you are a fool.
But if you take training, and apply some business sense, you can easily 10x return over an index fund. Why? Because your cash is so very little, and your time relatively worthless vs multi-millionaire fund managers.
A fund manager can't invest $5k to earn $10k in 1 yr, but small fries can do that. Fund managers can't spend 10 hours learning about a $50k profit venture, but small fries can.
Once you start to take things a little more seriously, earning 100% per year vs 10% per year shouldn't be much trouble, if all you are playing with is $50k or what not.
And once you have 2x your salary saved, managing your money is the only thing that matters - frankly, aside defeating boredom.
@_date: 2019-10-16 15:07:48
If new, yes. But my "Bitcoin Meetup" has turned into an Alt Coin meetup. Which is super annoying. So if you go to the Bitcoin Meetup (called that) in my area, all they do is tell you to sell your Bitcoin, and discuss bot trading.
It's relatively surprising how uninformed people are. If you've spent 5 hours on r/bitcoin or have a twitter account, you're likely more knowledgeable than most people who attend these meetups, even if new to Bitcoin... but there is always that one really smart guy who shows up, and a millionaire or two.
@_date: 2019-08-11 02:19:53
In bull market.
If I take dollars, buy BTC - I pay say 5% Fees + have to wait 5 days to a week maybe.
I save this transfer time, accounting, creation of extra accounts, plus fees going straight to bitcoin.
In a bear market, not a good idea.
@_date: 2019-08-15 15:48:00
Always use margin to buy BTC ;)
Just be smart about it.
@_date: 2019-08-16 03:12:28
Here are the things to look out for when running Bitcoin:
1) You want 500 GB dedicated or a 1T hard drive. For me, I upgraded my main comp to 1T solid state (fastest boot times, the best) - but that is ABSOLUTELY NOT NECESSARY. $30 500 GB Hard drive + USB cable to hard drive might be the cheapest option.
2) Bandwidth. You *really* don't want to run Bitcoin if your Internet provider will kill you if you go over 300 GB of data downloaded... it is easy to have 2 or 3 Terabytes of bandwidth consumed in a month. The vast, vast majority of internet these days have no data caps, but worth a check.
3) If you have a non-static IP address (like most people), you might have to restart your Bitcoin once a day or whatever. A typical system should be adding like 20 GB of data per day. If yours slows to like 5 GB, unplug your router and start it over, and it'll get back up to speed.
Regarding comp specs though, almost anything will do it. The slowest comp will get there in 2 weeks, a fast comp 1 week. It's not hard on specs, nor is it hard on the hard drive.
The BIGGEST fuckup noobs will make is not properly backing up their private keys. This is actually really tricky. This is also why I recommend running two instances of Bitcoin (one for you, and convince a friend to do it too, so you can test your key backups).
The private keys are located here:
C -&gt; Users -&gt; NAME -&gt; AppData -&gt; Roaming -&gt; Bitcoin (**note** if using external hard drive, it should point there)
AppData is hidden. In windows, go to the top and click "view" and check "hidden items".
Your wallet is ALWAYS called wallet dat.
After downloading Bitcoin, copy wallet dat to your desktop and change the name. Copy it again into a folder of some sort.
Then DELETE wallet dat from Roaming Bitcoin folder, and then drag one of your renamed wallets into that folder. CHANGE THE NAME back to wallet dat.
That is how you restore a Bitcoin Wallet. Once you feel 100% certain you can restore your Bitcoin wallet, copy it onto a USB drive (or two or three) and keep these SAFE, and perhaps 1 with a relative who understands Bitcoin. If you have a password, you are pretty good to go but without a password anyone who grabs one of these USB sticks can spend your coins.
Reback up your wallet onto new USB drives every year or so. This is 100% the most critical thing about managing your own Bitcoin wallet. Always keep at least 3 copies, and annually check to make sure your restore functions still work.
Regarding "bitcoin fees", you can pretty much go with 20 or 1 Sat. 1 Sat will get it there in 2 days, 20 Sat will get it there in 2 hours. The price difference between these is $1 and $0.05. But there are more complicated ways to figure this out too. Always opt for 'replace by fee' or whatever.
That is all you need to safely store, send, and download Bitcoin. The software is really straight forward, it's the private key backups that fucks you. Just keep that in mind! :)
Also, Bitcoin pretty much crashes your comp while running, so really just sync at night. After you get fully synced, resyncing once a week takes an hour maybe.
@_date: 2019-10-20 00:45:32
$2 Billion in custody with Grayscale.
$150 Million buy in last 2 weeks.
Halving will subtract $200 Mil per month.
Imagine trying to rival Grayscale for 250k of BTC custody?
That's 8 months of issuance, post halving.
@_date: 2019-10-07 18:55:22
I have always beaten 'the market', it's honestly not that hard.
But that's like 20% returns - which can be achieved with a tech and healthcare heavy portfolio, while "the market" *invests* heavily in GM, Ford, Walmart, etc... things that *did well* but are unlikely to *grow well*, and are highly, highly predictable (thus *overly* precisely valued).
"The Market" will almost always be like 70% Old Tech and 30% New Tech. New Tech portfolios always outperform, over multiple years (like 5+ years).
Getting 100% returns year over year takes creativity. For a small fry, this is about being smart and evaluating everything, financially. It is easy to spend $200 and 'save' or earn $1,000. It is harder to do this with $200 Billion to earn $1 Trillion.
But once you are talking like $100k+, you got to get into macro trends, geo politics, etc.
Example: Bitcoin is a *macro trend* (the move away from *localized banking* to *global mobility and wealth management*).


Another macro trend is the move from "Universities" to "Income Share Arrangement" tech schools. I feel 1,000% confident, if a student was given the choice of $30k 1-yr tuition with $100k salary after, he'd choose that over $100k 4-yr tuition with $50k salary after - it's like a $500k wealth deferential.


Another macro trend is growing political dissatisfaction.
Another (I spotted long ago) was the move from Retail to E-Retail (got Amazon at $17... but sold it :P)
Another is from gas car to electric car - but more ACCURATELY *software as a service* modded into a Car Shape... most *HIGHLY* under appreciate what Tesla *actually* does.
Another is Mars asteroid mining. Maybe 20 years away, but it's coming.
Zero to One is the best book (IMO) on learning how to identify opportunity. Antifragile, the best on wealth, or minimizing risk. And The 4-hour Workweek the best on lifestyle management.
With those 3 books well-understood, you are ahead of 50% of finance guys out there, IMO. If you read Benjamin Franklin's Autobiography, and understand that, you are ahead of 99% of finance guys worldwide.
Here is a [public trading journal]( I made for my crypto to Fiat trades (some of them). So far up 90% in Dollars but down 20% or so in Bitcoins... but this I hope to recover - that's about 1 year of investing, with 10 trades.


@_date: 2019-10-28 07:55:39
I’ve put out an ad to pay Venezuelan **$5 per hour** for data entry. So far no takers. I find these posts misleading vs reality, but whatever.
@_date: 2019-08-22 17:55:49
You are probably correct on that. This would be more clear if those involved openingly addressed it, but I think you are correct.
@_date: 2019-10-12 00:21:32
@_date: 2019-10-17 16:51:35
If you got $20k in GBTC, you can hold about same amount of Bitcoin in a private fund if you use Andrew from Jersey. If you got $50k, it can be good profit.
BUT, if you got a Roth, trading heavily could get you super rich. All short term trades 'tax free'. If you put your BTC's in your own private fund, may be more difficult to trade (though you can control the keys &amp; acquire significantly more BTC this way @ at rates of 30% less than GBTC put a $5k up-front fee for setup).
I don't recommend Alt Trading or Short Term trading OUTSIDE of a Roth or Traditional IRA - but within a Roth or Traditional, it makes a lot more sense. With 30% tax rates, the risk / reward isn't worth it. Long Term Trades in a BROKERAGE makes sense, and is easy to tax plan.
@_date: 2019-08-14 22:04:29
I have FOMO’d all through this rally. Congrats man.
I think my average buy price has been like $10,800. Not terrible, but I went wild during that second rally to $13,000.
If the price stays above $9k, I’ll say I dungud. If price falls to $8k, I screwed the pooch.
Here’s a toast to you for being our point man and holding cash until the last minute! :) My prediction is 2 more weeks of rough waves, then smooth sailing. Here’s to hoping!
@_date: 2019-10-26 00:53:00
That is god damn fucking hilarious lol!
@_date: 2019-10-02 15:22:27
'Agorism' is the basis of all successful revolutions.
It's a misconception that '1776' was won by war. If one looks back, it was Franklin who initiated and won the war, long before it began. While there are many insanely advanced concepts he promoted, beyond the understanding of man 250 years later, the full extent of his economic messaging was just insane, flat out insane.
Pre-1776, Franklin said or acted in accordance to the following:
* Aggressively pamphleteer your messaging, propaganda (Poor Richard's)
* Focus on morals not laws and punishment (13 Virtues)
* Communicate in brief, not drawn out essays (Witticisms)
* Self-organize into groups of 12, with rotating leadership (Junto)
* Fund startups while taking ownership, 'Venture Capital' (Junto)
* Focus 'professional networking' on increasing knowledge, not sales (Junto)
* Create one intellectual 'masterpiece' every 3 months (Junto)
And when it came to war, 'never fight your enemy... instead, bolster their rival', and on taxes he was a proponent of a 'per head' tax, to punish slave owners and negligent education systems.
But in short, Franklin reduced the need for 'kingly' government, by widely educating the populace, teaching them to behave better, and then structuring economic development to not need banks, kingly loans, and so on.
Another form of 'Agorism' is (centralized) Religion. The Pope, for example, is an Agoristic model where citizenry earn money in foreign territory, and then pay 'tax' to the Vatican, who keeps it all.
In effect, the Pope is a hidden tax upon any territory who employees anyone who pays him tax - a leech upon local economies.
The difference is that Franklin's model improved local economies (a win-win), whereas the Pope's model harms local economies while improving the Vatican (win-loss, or zero sum, as is said today).
This is also where drug dealing and so on, and calling it 'Agorism' or polluting goes down the wrong path. It is not 'Libertarian' to poison the social well and not get taxed for that. It is libertarian to do good, and not pay tax to a master... ei, to do good without need of a master, or to do work without need of the whip.
But Franklin said it best, which went something like:
'Man with good morals have no need of a master'
Which was to say the first step in Freedom is taking ownership of oneself.
@_date: 2019-10-17 18:29:21
GBTC is available in a Roth IRA.
@_date: 2019-10-17 20:16:30
You can buy and sell every week and owe 0% in taxes, if done in an IRA. In a regularly account, you lose 30% to tax.
So, if you are going to play around short-term trading, do it in an IRA. If you are going all-out, then you can do whatever ya like.. cause I can't halp ya.
@_date: 2019-10-25 21:30:30
He has never called it a scam.
@_date: 2019-06-26 03:37:54
Holla!!! That was great!
@_date: 2019-10-09 00:29:01
I want 5 - FIVE - posts per day on the upcoming halving, AND NO LESS!
This post is approved!
@_date: 2019-10-10 00:22:32
You have this all wrong (just FYI). It's easier to think more literally.
1,800 coins / day = $15 Mil / day in Sell Orders to pay for costs (computers, electricity, warehouses, etc).
In that example, we say $8.5k is stable, meaning there is $15 Mil in Demand. This demand is fixed in dollars, not coin (but either works, frankly).
To recap, @ $8.5k we have $15 Mil Supply - $15 Mil Demand = Balance.
Now cut supply in half, to $7.5 Mil @ $8.5k. What happens? Demand doesn't change.
So... if the price goes to $17k per coin... now we have:
900 @ $17k = $15 Mil Supply - $15 Mil Demand = Balance.
But there are a ton of other factors... let's explore.
How concentrated are BTC holdings? As price escalates, 'concentrations' escalate. For example, if your 'portfolio' of wealth is 25% Car / House, 50% Stock, and 25% Bitcoin... after a price doubling it's more like 15% Car, 35% Stock, and 50% Bitcoin - so you will rebalance - with assets or stock - so you sell, and add supply.
But now let's look at comparative assets. Gold inflates at 1.25% / yr (something) and BTC inflates at 3.8% per year... so objectively much worse. But next year, it will be 1.8% (roughly).
That is quite close to gold, and 4 years later it will be 0.8% (roughly).
So, one could say BTC is objectively more scarce than Gold in 2024 - and knowing this is a fixed future, unchangeable... and that 1.8% is *fairly close* to 1.25%, then you might get some increased demand by a Gold 'flippening', as they say.
Now look at relative demand for Gold vs Bitcoin, to compare market sizes. Gold demand is $137 Mil / day - nearly 10x the demand for BTC - but clearly this isn't for making Gold Watches... this is for *storing value* in the *least inflationary* asset of today.. but in 4 years, it will be Bitcoin, so.
Now let's project to 2024... Gold Demand + BTC Demand = $150 Mil. Supply is now 450 BTC / day. At balance we have -
450 x $333,333 = $150 Mil Supply - $150 Mil Demand = Balance.
Lastly, to your other point of 'elasticity', the issue is *market cap*. At $300k per coin, we have a $6 Trillion market cap... meaning anyone cashing out $1 Billion daily does almost nothing. BUT if someone cashes out 100,000 coins suddenly, that is a strain of $30 Bil in one day vs the expected $150 Mil.
Who has 100,000 Coins? Well anyone who bought (and held) coins when they were $1 and invested $100k. Or anyone who bought at $1k per coin, and invested $100 Mil... And $100 Mil isn't *that much* money, so many, many people have 100,000 coins...
Meaning the price won't *jump* to $300k (most like) and instead, people will sell off... BUT, if you compare that to global economies..
While $30 Bil is a big number, even vs assets of Google or Amazon... selling 100,000 @ $8.5k is *only* $0.9 Billion - $0.9 Bil is a drop in the bucket for global economies, really.
I will tell you, I have about 10x the BTC I started with, without any additional investment on my part - I'm sure many others did the same. So... there are a lot of people with 100k coins... it won't get to $300k overnight... probably not really until 2028, if I'm being honest - which is like an annualized growth rate of 100% per year, for the next 10 years - that might be a common expectation, prior to balance (balancing being achieved once 'gold / silver / ETF funds' have been properly consumed).
Even without a change in demand ever, BTC should grow at 19% per annum... so beating most index funds, too. Tech startups, VC capital, and leveraged assets, however, should always outpace BTC, though, just FYI - and this is good.
@_date: 2019-10-12 15:35:15
I don't feel this is correct. If you look at forums, they had an issue with a lot of scams recently.
All I know for sure, is that there were a lot of scams on Bisq lately, I am not positive the context... perhaps 'btc buyer' wasn't one of the situations.
I don't know how the scams occured.
@_date: 2019-10-12 16:33:40
Thank you for clarifying!
@_date: 2019-06-21 11:18:42
@_date: 2019-06-21 14:05:44
People are getting confused by the marketing. It is NOT 40 cents off PER gallon, it is a flat discount of $0.40 or $0.60, no matter the gallons purchased.
Say owner makes 5% per sale, after standards fees... so 8% profit margin... back plug figures and if sales price is $2.50, his gas cost is - $2.50 - 0.125 (profit) - 0.075 (fees) = Cost $2.30
15 gallons = $1.13 in fees, less $0.40 discount = Profit $0.73 per fill up, increased profit = 15 x 0.125 = $1.88 + $0.73 = $2.61
Net outcome 39% increase in profits (ignoring transaction fees, which could quite easily make this not worth it).
But that said (if I understand other posters correctly), it is sort of like a BTC 'store card', and so he makes money off of BTC exchange fees, and transfers to him for gas aren't using the BTC network (all internal, like an exchange) - that is how to make it worth it.
All sellers of items of $1k can profit handsomely by using Bitcoin, small purchases of $100 or so becomes questionable, if you assume any amount of added hassle, IT support, spiked fees, and so on. $1k sellers save $30 / transfer + no fraud, so $1 or $2 in transaction fees becomes irrelevant.
@_date: 2019-10-09 19:26:32
Thank you! :)
@_date: 2019-10-27 21:34:48
That is more accurate.
The *actual* time will be close to April 30th / May 2nd, as that link suggests. However, the original link assumes no increase in hash power, and is the most conservative estimate, so that's what I chose to publish :)
@_date: 2019-10-13 02:06:30
If you have a lot, like over $50k, there is a better way. But it costs $5k one time.
@_date: 2019-06-26 20:15:45
While I stack sats, 4sur ... I got more at $12k.
$8k was too expensive, $9k was a fluke... at $10k I said fuck you I'm coming in boys; this is my town, let's take off our wigs and party like it's [1776](
@_date: 2019-10-17 19:45:55
I lean conservative vs aggressive in wealth planning, but regardless, Bitcoin is *the* dominant asset - if things go better, whoopie. In a recession, I can't say what happens, but in a steady as she goes market, you might have something like:
Gold, Silver, &amp; Index funds dumping value into BTC
In this regard, you are more correct, the price will continue to escalate wildly. Once Index Dumping stops (round 2025), that is when BTC will hit a slow growth era and noncommon is right. Obviously Gold *typically* spikes in recession, but anyone who says BTC will can't use historically examples, only extrapolation. But noncommon's assertion of a 'stable Bitcoin value', with each halving being of less value, won't come true until post flippenings, circa 2025 &amp; the robot wars.
@_date: 2019-10-30 23:24:16
Generally, 40% gains in 1-day don’t hold. You can predictable sell 1/3 and buy back at 30% gains, which can barely cover taxes. But there is a trick around this.
Most people (like me) were waiting a ‘2nd retest’, which occurred at $7,500. Maybe there will be another, deeper, but halving is 6 months away... for whatever reason I’m saying another 30% climb any day now.. then more rocky.
But there is an easier method than buying dips and valleys. Multi year dips and valley are easier to predict, more rewarding, and better taxed.
The trick to doing multi year dips is to oscillate between 70% to 130% vs 100% to 50%.
Ultimately it’s a bull market, and it’s easier to go from 130% to 100% vs 100% to 70% mid swing.
@_date: 2019-06-24 07:44:50
I’ll be releasing a semi ‘all purpose’ BTC tips book in like a month, I hope. That’s the fairest way to get the knowledge out there IMO.
It’s sort of whack though cause it’s like a ‘relatively easy $10k profit’ per application yet only like 500 ppl or so care about this sort of thing. Teaching a group class might do better.
@_date: 2019-10-17 19:32:27
Call Andrew from Jersey.
@_date: 2019-10-10 20:30:58
No it’s still the same, low.
@_date: 2019-06-28 12:37:43
Just want to reference...
This is a FLAT discount of $0.40, not per gallon.
People keep fucking this up, but gas man ain’t losing 6% per sale ‘just to promote BTC’. It’s $0.40 off the first gallon (‘a gallon’) and full price for each additional.
@_date: 2019-10-11 20:10:01
I think HK has 100% support from Bitcoin'ers (save the % that are Chinese). This issue is how to 'fight' the takeover?
You can disrupt 'the machine' via strikes and protests, but this doesn't win a conflict. You can kill 'the machine' via arms and bombs, but that *rarely* wins a conflict (AM Revolution a HUGE exception... as Americans were playing the game with like a 2 week lag time, and Britain had a 2 month lag time... and it was *really close*).
The smartest way to win is to hide in the cave, and wear them down trying to find you, OR to form 'secret societies' for democracy, and sabotage from within while dominating their political and economic landscape by the acquisition of the most key positions within their economic and political systems.
Bitcoin is a tool that can be hidden within the cave. You can flee to lesser controlled areas of the world. You can work in China as a secret club (like Junto or Freemasons), and move money out (into Bitcoin, for example)..
But protests / strikes won't win. Poisons, assassinations, bombs, are good but won't win either.. the only winning path is escape, or sabotage by ascension.
Escape while you can, get your economy into Bitcoin economy, and have sympathy for those that stay, but unless a World War 3 happens, unless the people of Hong Kong actually kill their opponents who are killing them... China will not bow until Hong Kong is a pile of rubble.
And you have that option too, to destroy Hong Kong until it's not worth taking. But sad as it is to think about, the life of the people in Hong Kong must divorce themselves of the life they experienced everyday until now. China must die, or Hong Kong must flee... there will be no compromise, there will be no peace.
China and everyone who works for China, must die. Or Hong Kong must flee. Your life, your children's lives, your family's lives will all be slaughter by the hand of China.
Signage won't stop it. Reddit posts won't stop it. Either retaliate with like-kind measures, or run - and I suggest running, and taking everything you can - and burning what's left - give them nothing.
The steps that created the American revolution went something like this:
1673 - Winthropp says fuck the King
1674 - The natives suddenly acquire arms and kill the colonist. The King says "whoops, that must be because they are racists - you need to King to stop these racists." (King Philip's War)
1675 - Winthropp and King broker a peace, with rights afforded the colonist (yay!).
1676 - King moves soldiers in and enslaves the colonists, starving them, destroys their technology, and is killing them at will through a series of tax measures, and so on.
1689 - "Andross Rebellion" breaks out, and colonists once again demand rights.
1690 - The king agrees, rights afforded the colonists (yay!)
1691 - King moves soldiers in and enslaves the colonists, starving them, destroys their technology, and is killing them at will through a series of tax measures, and so on - **This goes on for 50 years!**
1720 - Benjamin Franklin begins the 'Secret Societies' Revolution, forming the Junto &amp; 13 Virtues, and begins rapidly educating the colonists, controls the economic output through a series of new currencies, and teaches the colonists to be better behaved and more proud of who they are, who they can be.
1750 - The King loses grips on the colonies and Franklin's students are outwitting his advisors. It is said that the dirt-town of Philadelphia is producing more men of intelligence than the castle-filled city of London. A HUGE uprising of 'social media' begins, where the 'major gazettes' lose educational authority to 'hillbilly authors' developing cult-like followings (Massachusetts Spy).
1760 - The king begins subverting the law, arresting people in secret, takes them to torture camps, and issues them to be tried in secret, known as the 'Letters de Cachet', but exactly the same as Guantanamo Bay style proceedings.
1776 - Shots fire, new political forms are created, and the official breakup begins. As Jefferson's writes, 'we can not all and always be so well informed', suggesting that this is a time of great education and political thinking.
Perhaps only some 10% supported the Rebellion when it began. T Paine &amp; Jefferson moved to England / France, to spread revolution upon the King's home turf. Washington camped outside New York, and Franklin began a complicated series of political intrigues. The victory of the Rebels was only confirmed when France agreed to attack England, whereas previously France / England would take turns playing good-cop, bad-cop on the colonists.
Washington's greatest asset was calm, and commitment to a simple purpose - Free New York, avoid mutiny. Under command of anyone else, the 'army' would have responded to each new skirmish the king threw at him, and the army would have died and disbanded in the process of these long, hopeless marches - instead Washington stayed put, working spies and sabotage, until victory, versus the chase of shadows (free these people, now these people, now these people!).
Paine and Jefferson were both appalled at the violence in France, which is the danger of 'revolution' pre-education.
Franklin kept up his political sniping, with continued warnings of growing a government too big, claiming a rate of 'income tax over 5%' would be monstrous - to counter this, he favored a flat per-head tax, with the 'teachers or masters' paying the tax for any citizen or slave who couldn't afford it - as a backhanded way to punish slave owners, and to promote hard work by ending the 'progressive' (limitless) tax system.
Even after the rebels won, support for the colonists was only some 35% or so. The vast, vast majority of people couldn't care less, and avoided political side-taking. At the time the colonists won, the King and Rebels had about equal support in the colonies.
What happened after, however, was an extraordinarily long period of economic and population prosperity, which became the envy of the world, even amongst Royalist (Democracy in America), for decades-upon-decades.
Less people died in the American Revolution than died in the 50 years of "peace" under the King. After the Revolution, more wealth, technology, and population was brought to the colonies, at a pace beyond belief.
As P. Henry says, 'we are already in chains. I can hear them clanking up the shores from Virginia to Boston! Some cry peace, peace... but there can be no peace. The King promises only bring slavery and torture... is life so dear, as to prevent a man from standing? By almighty God, I hope not - I know not what others will choose, but give me Liberty, or give me Death.'
And at the time of this speech, it was unquestionably death that was the likely outcome - but death was sealed for the colonists... a slow death under peace, or a quick death under war... Why trade a coward's death in a prison-of-peace for a righteous death of your own making attempting to slay your enemy and liberate your people?
If Hong Kong will not kill their captors, they are not ready to be free. For that is the price. Liberty, or **Death**.
@_date: 2019-10-10 10:18:18
$30k to $150k.
I know it’s a big range, but it doesn’t matter, your actions should be the same.
@_date: 2019-06-26 16:44:24
Nobody wants your shit box :P
@_date: 2019-02-04 23:26:07
It has nothing to do with 'Bitcoin'. I could write an article titled 'Bitcoin Investors see massive losses after Tesla stock plummets', because *some* of the Tesla investors owned Bitcoin.
**This about QuadrigaCX**. The only way one invests in Bitcoin is buying Bitcoin... not buying QuadrigaCX.
I personally am not a fan of "everything in this sub must find a way to include the word Bitcoin in the title, or it is banned" because it's far, far too easy to shoehorn Bitcoin into titles... even though it really has nothing to do with Bitcoin. I would rather this sub be about 'crypto things in general', technical developments in bitcoin, AND trading - which is how reddit is designed.
Reddit is setup like a news paper. People are to post articles, the upvotes are the editorial process, and the stickied threads are the advertisements. Bitcoin should only sticky, advertise things they want people to focus on (generically development, but could be other things at times), and generally should have a low content removal policy (IMO), aside either *true* spam (meaning lots, and lots of posting of off-topic... not 5 postings per week of off-topic) and consistent hostile behavior (name calling, etc).
When I moderated a major sub, I did it this way and it worked great. The ONLY time I'd remove threads is AFTER they reached the *front page* (not New). I would either remove lame 'upvote bait', such as 'Bitcoin is NOT a currency just for Drug Dealers', in which few were commenting, or multiple posting so similar shit (for example, I'd only allow 1 article of the above topic to reach front page at a time)... and I'd also remove old stuff, that people had seen but was no longer really relevant, pretty regular. Like anything 12 hours old with few comments... boom, remove, particularly if it was 'off topic'.
Thus you run a sub like a Newspaper. You want it to be Bitcoin + related content, with stickied content advancing Bitcoin... and related content removed *only* when it becomes stale or begins to overrepresent the purpose of the sub, etc... but that's my take :)
@_date: 2019-10-09 00:32:53
I've you're serious, keep a copy of their backup keys.
I tried to get my parents involved (they are a little) and my dad threw his backup keys into the junk drawer... with a FAIR amount of Bitcoin on there.
Another thing I did is give my parents a backup contact, so that they can access the Bitcoins incase I suddenly pass without having to find a guy off the internet. I'm 100% confident if they did that, they'd just give the dude the private keys within 5 minutes, thinking nothing of it, like it's a bank account, FDIC insured, the FBI is watching, etc.
@_date: 2019-10-02 22:21:07
And this is not "TA" as most people say it. This is *actually good* TA.
Using TA for 'break out', 'consolidation', and 'parabolic retracements' is totally fine to do. For the most part, you can spot these trends in seconds, and they come up like once every few months.
But that's like predicting 30%+ price changes over several months. It's when people make predictions like *this week* or *10% gain*, that they they are spinning their wheels with TA.
Also, Bitcoin TA'ers who get obsessed with small changes VASTLY underestimate the scales at work. Bitcoin is of moderate scale vs Turkey and Argentinian savings... but Bitcoin is miniscule vs S&amp;P 500 or Hong Kong, for example.
So correct TA for predicting long term trends *in Bitcoin*, is to actually apply TA and fundamental analysis against global economies, as these are more relevant than Bitcoin.
And since Inflation is *likely* to continue, since *authoritarian governments* are likely to continue, and as trade is likely to become more globally social... the use case of Bitcoin is likely to continue... and as Bitcoin becomes increasingly scarce, value is likely to continue as well.
That is fundamental analysis, TA can be used to ballpark major trends.
Bitcoin is likely to spike near Nov, 2021. I predict *over* $40k. But some 'TA guys' argue over $80k or $120k... all these numbers are irrelevant. If you are 99% confident Bitcoin will hit $16k in 2 years, you should be fully leveraged in and hold no other assets save Bitcoin... as that is phenomenal.
$80k vs $120k makes absolutely no different. It's not like you got a wealth of investment options with greater than 30% ROI's or... 300% as people are promoting here... you can be much more conservative in your estimates, and still draw the same conclusions and act accordingly. So why be bombastic?
Just to get clicks and sell copy. If BTC reaches $20k in 2021 it will probably outperform every stock on the NYSE or Nasdaq... so why go further? Next step is to act.
@_date: 2019-06-22 14:43:15
I 100% feel like I’m in the upside down. Everyone told me BTC was to $8k from $9k, now $11k. Everyone told me Hillary, today Trump. Everyone told me Thanos would win, but Thanos is losing.
The seas were to turn Red, from war and blood, but it seems blood and war makes trees. Perhaps hostility is the secret to peace.
@_date: 2019-06-26 14:24:01
What memes will you make this day?
@_date: 2019-06-30 13:32:32
@_date: 2019-10-31 14:07:28
You make $1k selling at $10.5k and rebuying at $9.5k.
Not on taxes, in real money.
@_date: 2019-06-19 13:28:15
I would love to explain.
Bitcoin is better than Gold; this is *actually* true. The follow-up suppositions, that Bitcoin can defeat 'the powers that be', is far from a given. So let us start by examining their power structure.
Humans are like self-managed Cattle, breeding and breeding. But so much better than Cattle, because due to technology, they produce more 'milk' or technological fruit, year over year. Far superior to becoming a cattle rancher is to become the human owner.
But lowly humans vastly underestimate their greatness, and overestimate analytical logic. In sum, this leads to tolerating a rate of progression which is linear, when in fact humans function more exponentially (as Nikola Tesla demonstrates).
This 'excess progress' is the cream de la cream; it gets swept off the top with most being none the wiser. However, harnessing this excess energy, and redirecting it into a feedback equation (such as a scarce monetary unit) is less simple than it sounds.
Indeed, the human populace grows and grows, and should the population of 'Bitcoiners' (et al) grow less quick, then time proves victor to the most massive. So you see, dear chum, it is less a matter of defeating evil but outbreeding them, through the spread of mighty righteousness, with a haste suitable to the task. Now I will have my coffee. There is much work to unravel yet. 
@_date: 2019-06-24 03:56:58
I've had *very* few *success stories* from working with laymen or friends. Yes, I've gotten many to invest and cashout a shitload, but it wasn't like I was thanked or like they grew smarter as they got richer. These were gambler types, who call it a lucky break.
That's ok. What is worse though, is 'conservative' or by the book types, who ask 1 million questions, rarely, ever buy ANY. Like none.
And then I got a guy who is 'poor' but with $50k of mutual funds, etc. I tell him to grab $5,000 worth when BTC is $1k - spend perhaps 30 to 40 hours encouraging, assisting, etc... he then spreads the rumor that I'm obsessed with BTC and it's all I talk about... No, bub. You said you wanted to do it... all you had to do was say no, and I'd move on.


Another actually did it, but blames me for every crash (how'd you NOT know?!) and even though he tripled his money, blames me for the 'stress I caused' and calls it a wash - and feels I'm personally responsible for teaching him everything, and gets offended when I link written instructions, etc... he literally gets mad when I link to Reddit or FAQs... cause 'I asked YOU!'
Generically, at this time, I have two approaches. 5 minutes help, do this all day for anyone. Much beyond that, I charge consulting ($300 / hour). But if a friend, I'll give them 1 to 2 hours, in a social environment - then I cut it off hard and say 'I will never, EVER, bring this up again. If you actually want to do this, make your logins yourself, and then call me and we can schedule a 1 hour meeting. Yes, it's free, I don't care about getting paid, for this. BUT you must CALL ME, preferably this week, and get it done in 1 hour, in a professional setting. I will never bring it up again. Let's keep party time party time, and if you want the money - schedule and call'.
I know these types won't call and schedule, but it sure as fuck beats having them claim I'm twisting their arm into doing things in a better fashion. That one fella (if he calls), I'll make him an extra $15k (he already has 2 BTC, cause I told him too, but hasn't progressed to 2nd level tricks, so on) - $15k he can profit in 1 to 2 hours of added work - he makes like $20 / hr at his day job - but he won't.
Cause it's weird and he doesn't get it. I got another dude with $200k of BTC. That dude I might make him $50k... but I'll claim $10k of that in fees, or not show him what I do - and I got to live with that.
If people aren't willing to schedule time for business, if people can't prioritize $1k+ hr work over $20 / hr work, if people can't recognize paying people 20% of the profits they make you isn't a sensible decision, then it's questionable to trouble yourself over these types.
The world if full of good, diligent, fair people... but it suffers when others do not act in this way. Should we really 'redistribute wealth' (or time) to the greedy, lazy, or uncalculating? Nah, I say. At some point, I want the time or wealth redistributed, to me. Cause I pay fair, love to work, and take pride in making optimally smart decisions - I never say 'I exist, therefore I deserve'.
@_date: 2019-06-29 02:32:33
This is how it went for me, came into new money when BTC was $8k. What do I do? $7.5k is my price, going to hold out.
BTC jumps to $9.5k - you know, fuck this, shorting BTC (make a little, lose a little in a series of margin longs and shorts).
BTC begins the $10k march (make a post how it's about to bust $10k, for no foreseeable reason, needing to CRUSH a $40 Mil wall).
Crushes $10k; OK mother fuckers, FOMO'ing time! Put 25% in.
Crushes goes to $11k; that's right boys, another 25% in.
BOOM! $12k to the moon! another 25% in.
BTC shoots to $13.7k - WHO KNOWS WHEN THIS ENDS!!! I got $14k memes ready - Occupation : Full Time Meme Lord
BTC goes to $12k - OK, sell some on next bounce to $13k, and more at $12k and a pinch at $11k - about 60% in.
Remember dude: $7.5k is out target. YOU MUST buy BTC at $7.5k, so you need cash, homes.
BTC goes to $10k, then $12k.
I'm like, you know what, fuck this...
And now I got a single block buy order way the fuck higher than I could have imagined paying for BTC... in fucking June.
I got fucking demons in my ear being like 'it's going to go to $4k, just watch!' - I'm like, you fucking boy men, no fucking way.
Next up _ BTC hits $4k and me no cash to buy it!
@_date: 2019-10-01 21:43:39
More of a crypto coin function, not a Bitcoin one.
@_date: 2019-10-11 23:54:09
Someone mentioned it earlier, but the use of 'secret societies' to develop 'secret economies' is the best way (there is name for this, starting with an a..), plus massive education &amp; teaching of morals. Franklin had the right approach with Junto and 13 Virtues. This would still work today, that's what anyone setting up a rebellion should promote before anything else.
I wish we had better tools of organization, and that is something I've been working on and hope to promote in 2021.
Working for tyrants is fine, so long as you engage in sabotage and spying. Always educate yourself, and practice deceiving a cruel master. Earn trust, poison at night. Honor is paid to those who have earned it, but trickery is the coin for the cruel - kiss them, trick them, kill them; and hope for something better.
@_date: 2019-10-19 00:59:37
In 10 years we mined 18 Million Bitcoin. In the next 10 years we will mine 2 million, with 1 million to go for the next 90.
@_date: 2019-06-21 18:40:33
Ya, I’m not trying to figure this one out, just saying as reported. The drone shoot down is uncontested, and their Prezzy or King or whatever says a lot of whack shit.
Was it a false flag? Certainly could have been, but as it’s relevant war signs are growing very hotly. Whether or not Iran bombed the tankers has little relevance on whether or not the western powers go to war - but it is certain they shot down the drone.
@_date: 2019-06-02 15:36:19
rBitcoin mods still have $108,000 to spend advertising it (12 Bitcoins). I would like if someone came up with a campaign to spend some of that money this year. I would MUCH rather advertise BTC now, then when (if) it becomes severely overpriced.
If I was designing the campaign, I would aim for the following:
**Spend 40% in 2019, 40% in 2023... and 40% of remaining balance every 4 years, in that pattern.**
That's when I advertise BTC. My objective is always to get new comers to have a positive experience (buying low) vs moon math, etc. I spent 2 BTC advertising when BTC was $1,200. I knew it was a bad time to 'sell' but a great time to get others to buy in, which costs money in advertising. I am about to spend more now, and of course I hate it...
But circle jerking each other to have increasingly higher and higher margin order to 'buy the dip' is no way to spread awareness and expand the community. And if 40% is spent every 4 years... Bitcoin would have to grow by the following numbers in order for the marketing budget to NOT increase each set:
12 BTC - Spend 4.8 BTC ($43k) = 7.2 BTC ($65k); 2019 ($9k each)
7.2 BTC - Spend 2.9 BTC ($43k) = 4.3 BTC ($65k); 2023


4.3 BTC - Spend 1.7 BTC ($43k) = 2.6 BTC ($65k); 2027


Spending 40% every 4 years, in the 3rd year after the halving (peak bear), is the best way, IMO, to use the community's marketing dollars. It's mathematical, and sustainable.
But *most* would say a value of $25k per BTC in 2027 is quite a low estimate... I would expect the marketing budget to roughly double, in USD terms, every 4 years vs stay the same or shrink... and I'm fine with that, so long as it is getting spent promoting BTC while the price is low, and not to engage in smear campaigns or other such nonsense.
@_date: 2019-06-03 01:07:36
I’ve been thinking of the safest way to profit in the bull.
Say you have 2 BTC, buy 1 BTC margin long @ $9k, needing 80% coverage.
This would only have you get liquidated below about $4k, right? And if you only margined 25%, you get liquidated round $2k.
Seems pretty safe to say you can Margin long 25% of BTC held on an exchange, and not get liquidated under most any reasonable circumstance.
So $18k BTC, with 25% margin long becomes $45k at $18k per instead of $36k. That’s 50% more profit than simply holding. That’s nuts, likely way better than trading.
@_date: 2019-06-21 14:43:57
Can you grab this from IRAs, such as with Fidelity?
I'm like 90% confident you can grab with from Fidelity IRAs. I'll be moving my IRAs into a 100% Bitcoin position in the next 2 months. I wanted to be 100% BTC invested, but feared the ~35% penalties of early withdrawal.
This, this puts a smile on my face.
@_date: 2019-10-10 10:16:40
Ya it’s not me. The Lightning tips are like $2, so I can’t imagine dude cares. BUT twitter dude did open this Reddit thread, so he is getting all the kind words, so it’s cool.
@_date: 2019-06-21 16:49:34
I've been watching the charts close, the person with 300 BTC for sale at $9,900 changed from limit to market.
The cumulative 'wall' has decreased by about $14 Mil [since last night]( and the price has remained stagnant. Some will suggest that meant the orders were 'fake' and are now getting canceled.
But it reads (to me) much more likely that someone purchased the $14 Mil and plans to bust the wall ASAP so they can reap profits (which effectively means someone has been doing a $250 Mil+ accumulation).
What is causing this (IMO) is the escalating tensions in the Middle East. Iran busted up 6 oil tankers headed for Western trade, and blew up a uber expensive drone scout 'over international water' (claims the US, Iran says Iranian airspace).
If the US wars Iran, Iran will need international 'gold', and BTC makes sense, to me. Iran will not be like Iraq. They are a significant stepping stone to get to China, Russia and have been labeled an 'axis of evil', which includes Iran, China, &amp; Russia.
But Iran is no joke - they are an ancient power, and I do not know what they will do in retaliation.
@_date: 2019-06-22 14:35:27
Sure, but that’s not *literally* the ad. Side note : I’m also aware no gas station makes $0.40 profit per gallon ($0.25 tops), so they wouldn’t sell at a loss..
@_date: 2019-06-21 18:13:26
[Bitcoin if it doesn't break $10,000]( and still has to get groceries.
@_date: 2019-06-21 18:30:31


lol... qq
@_date: 2019-06-24 17:40:45
If this were in person, I'd focus on making you a better job.  is a good approach, many $15 / hr guys now making $60 / hr 1 year later.
I got my nephew into programming at 14. He just turned 16 and now collects $25 / hr (his published rate is $125 /hr but you always collect less) - this took him like 1 to 2 years, plus coaching, to achieve. His dad wears a bracelet and his mom can't afford electricity, but at 16 he is now out earning them both.
Generically speaking, programming is the path. But that requires a lot more work, watch youtube videos, consider Lambda, etc.
Regarding investing $2k, I would put it all into BTC. That's the most sensible approach, considering the trouble of multiple styles, etc. I might put $1k in now, and set a limit buy order on Coinbase at $8k. If this doesn't hit in two months, dump that it near market as well, plan to hold two years, until $40k / btc or Dec 2021.
That might earn you $6k in that time, but the real focus needs to be upon job skills. Become a programmer, get 2 monitors, setup a home office, drop hobbies / friends, and devote yourself to 10+ hours weekly, 3 hours per day, to programming after or before work. If you do that, in 2 to 3 months you'll likely be sufficiently qualified to get $15 to $20 / hour, with shit tons of raises to come.
Hope that helps, and also do 'limit' orders on Coinbase pro - that'll save you $150 in fees or so, vs 'market'.
@_date: 2019-10-10 20:31:10
@_date: 2019-10-14 01:27:14
I will say a mistake I made with mine was running it on my local IP like I do with Bitcoin Full Node.
You **really** want it on a hosted server. And it’s actually better to **join** another BTCPay server than start your own.
Once I got time, or assistance, I’ll be setting up a group BTCPay server, hosted (assuming I feel I have no liabilities). I’ll add 1 new business per week for free, and grouping them up into those offering 20% discounts for BTC &amp; 10% discounts for BTC. No discounts will need to pay some fee to join.
The advantage of a ‘central service’ is one login for multiple venders, like a mall or amazon. Also **UNLIKE A FULL NODE** BTCPay only gets your PubKey. So, if you aren’t doing a full website integration, shared hosting is best if mildly trust the central server, but they can’t take your coins regardless.
@_date: 2019-10-28 18:50:44
10 hours old... Still no one in Venezuela willing to work for $5 per hour. Stop falling victim to the click-bait extreme-victimization crap. 
Back in the day they use to torture puppies and black children and put them on TV, claiming if you donated enough they'd end the violence THEY created!
Almost every child everywhere in the world is poor. If you want to help the poor, hire and train a child for good work and good pay. There is NO NEED to shame the poor you actually can see and touch, by comparing them to fictionalized Super Stars of Poverty you've seen on TV.
Wise up, get involved, and stop accepting the concept that Children are Rich or Children Need 25 yrs of Play Time and not Pay Time... it's monstrous. Instead, hire. It's the most socially responsible charity one can give; a good job, good pay, and good mentorship.
@_date: 2019-02-01 07:37:57
Net worth is dumb for kids. $5,000 if a softmore in college I’d say do it :)
But 10% net worth could easily be $500. Why talk about it? You want a two-year hold to maximize income. If $500 stresses you, go $200. It’s not all or nothing.
Realistically kids should imagine their salaries as $30k or so, not ‘$6,000 a summer’. Net worth is relatively trivial, compared to future income.
However, it’s OK to be smart. College loans have a 2 year grace period for Softmores, 3 year for Freshmen. I think it’s very fair to take out interest free loans for 2 years to buy Bitcoin or mutual funds, generally speaking.
Personally, I invested all my money instead of paying off debt, and earned double my debt in interest after 10 years. That’s fairly common really: NEVER pay off student debt early.
But $10,000 (one-year max) could become $5,000 or $50,000. It’s a gamble, but if interest free, I’d consider it.
@_date: 2019-02-03 02:41:05
Always loved this Kraken dude. I think other exchanges recruit trolls to harass Kraken. Most of my experience has been A+. HitBTC also worked fine for me, and Ethfinex.
But Polineix literally misapplied my ETH transfers SEVERAL times... send them 8 ETH; they recorded 4 ETH or some shit. It got fixed, but had I not been checking, who knows.
The Kraken CEO is super cool though, and buds with Tuur (BTC Maxi) - and I think you can still do Margin on Kraken? Or only if not US citizen?
HitBTC took 1 wk to fund my alt coin deposit, and I could see how that could piss people off. But it’s totally reasonable to wait 1 wk for alt coin verification vs hours for BTC.
@_date: 2019-02-01 23:01:02


Business, and math, isn't about feelings - if you start giving advice like that, you give bad advice.
Maybe I say working out makes me anxious, and eating lots of food makes me happy? If you ask the doc, he still says to workout and eat less. It's not about "how does it make you feel" but what is reality given the circumstance.
And 'don't go into debt for investments' is inaccurate, technically. If the debt is less interest then expected return, you should take on the debt. The other thing to consider though is the time period of payback. Student loan debt has SUCH long time period for payback, it is VERY smart to take out student loans for Bitcoin, as a Freshman or a Sophomore, less so as a senior.
But I understand your concerns, etc... Dave Ramsey advice, and so on, is just like "don't ever do anything", and that is sensible for people who have drug and emotional problems, but that is unrelated to technically correct.
@_date: 2019-02-16 17:11:33


@_date: 2019-10-19 01:11:48
2019 - 86%
2024 - 94%
2028 - 97%
2024 is probably when you'll see that last 'parabolic' movement of Bitcoin, after that it will be permanently hoarded.
@_date: 2019-02-23 18:16:30
If you want to be *serious* for a second, it is easy to understand. Let us take Luke D as a representative of BTC, fair?
Luke D finds bug, we call the chain split bug. This creates a fork, yes?
What does Luke say? "Tell Coinbase, Gemini, Binance, and Me + Pals in PRIVATE - do NOT tell others, or you are a TRAITOR!"
Why? - Be real here - Because the *financial* history of BTC matters. I call this "rewind attack", which is anytime BTC is exchanged for Goods. If I move BTC to BTC between myself, "rewind" hardly matters.
Thus you have a form of 'centralization', same as hub-spoke on Lightning. Coinbase, Binance, Gemini dominate the **financial** transferences of coins - Same as Bitcoin Gold, BTC is vulnerable to a Rewind - and a 4 hour rewind costs maybe $1.8 Mil. It is certainly possible to create profit via shorts + fraud with a cost of *only* $1.8 Mil.
But this is not possible with Check Point, period, no matter the funds. It is physically impossible. And it is NOT a hard fork OR a soft fork, it is ONLY a wallet implementation. It's an absolutely great idea (but sure, I'm biased, wrote a paper about it 9 months ago, etc).
I think that is probably worth stressing again, it is a WALLET implementation, NOT a protocol change. I think if you thought more you'd change your mind... or if BTC experiences a significant Rewind attack in the future, I think you'll see that the *cost* to BTC holders is far, far more damaging then you can possibly imagine. I would wager it to be in excess of several Billion.
That is the risk of hate : losing objectivity.
@_date: 2019-06-21 13:06:32
I want to take a second to point out the GENIUS of this security system.
There are two basic approaches to security: multi-sig wallets and this. This is NOT a multi-sig wallet, this is taking a private key and splitting into multiple pieces or 'parts of a soul'.
This is 'break in case of emergency', and each time you break it and store it again, you make a new one.
So imagine, instead, of doing a multi-sig, you create new private key, shard (split) this, and then must visit each of the 12 banks once again, to store and safeguard your secrets, after transferring all the BTC value to the new address.
Pain in the ass right? Well, multi-sigs have a huge flaw, and that is 'technology'. Technologies change and can break multi-sigs, or get them hacked. Ethereum has lost near $1 Billion due to multi-sigs breaking, probably 70% of their early enterprise investors ruined.
What the Winklevoss brothers did was NOT rely upon technology - it is just a paper wallet, which they cut into many pieces.
So this indicates three things :
1) It is not an active wallet with funds going in and out. Of course, it very well could be but the 'hassle' is visiting 12 banks each transfer, as opposed to 3 or 4 with a multisig.
2) Their wallet will change each time it is accessed. It's a 'one use' wallet. While this might be trivial on the surface, it helps not to have one-wallet linked to a variety of incoming and outgoing transfers - perhaps one of those is honeypot drug money, and now the FBI says all your money is 'corrupted', as they do.
3) They are committed to the technology. Without active trading, they profit from the scale of Bitcoin not fluxuations. Their 'technological interests' are in basic tech, only. If BTC core changes substantially, it won't break their systems so long as paper wallets still function (the foundations of all BTC code).
An example of a sharding technique would be as follows:
Private key - BITCOIN123456789
* Bank 1 - BITC
* Bank 2 - OIN1
* Bank 3 - 2345
* Bank 4 - 6789
Or you do like
* BITC - 1 - 5 - 9
* OIN1 - T - 4 - 8
* 2345 - I - I - 7
* 6789 - B - O - 2
To get into situations where you can have high rates of failure, and bruteforce the rest.
Paper wallets (not much talked about these days) use a series of 12 or 24 standard dictionary words from a list of 2,048 possible word choices, with a 13th or 25th 'word' which can be anything, for the password.
It's *relatively* easy to brute force 1 or 2 unknown word combinations, but beyond that a challenge. Brute forcing passwords is more problematic, as each incorrect entry locks out the wallet for double the period of time.
So brute forcing a password 8 times would lock out the wallet for 2^8 seconds or 256 seconds... doing it 20 times is 1,048,576 seconds - thus 'time' is the issue, not computational brute forcing tries - and thus, this is the opposite of what hackers want (speedy theft, speedy exit - before sounding alarms).
With seedwords, brute forcing 1 is 2,048 tries, 2 is 4,194,304 tries (2,048^2 )... brute forcing 12 is 2,048^12 is a number 40 digits deep, at the edge of global computational ability - and 24 words is 80 digits deep.
So to review:
1) Their method is low tech, not subject to breaking changes.
2) It is simple for others to understand, should they have to teach it to children.
3) It can sustain a high rate of failure. I suspect they'd have it setup so that 9 out of 12 banks could fail, and they could brute force last words, if needed (presuming it's split into 4's).
4) Paper lasts centuries, USB drives fail after years.
And that is that. It could be as easy as cutting paper slices into 4s, or it could be more complex, but that's the root of their technique.
This is not an actively traded Bitcoin wallet - this is an investment in the ecosystem. They only succeed if Bitcoin succeeds, longterm.
@_date: 2019-06-21 17:21:39
I got a slew of friends who refuse to work beyond the minimum required. On their days off the mentally disabled take their spots. They are literally running the handicapped out of jobs.
So they are a good counter weight to the winklevosses.
@_date: 2019-02-20 02:04:14
It’s really just too easy. So long as you set wide ranges and can predict *generalized* cycles, you’re golden.
Like you might say $3k to $150k for bull market, and maybe it only hits $40k - and you miss the turn - or if BTC completely breaks cycles (like goes from $4k to $400) - those situations fuck you. Or if BTC goes up (or down) in a perfectly straight line, no volatility.
This process *only* works in highly volitile markets. If you think BTC will continue to behave as such, AND follow the generalized pricing pattern (at least doubling at the halving) then it’s pure gold - free money sonny.
However compared to someone who claims to *perfectly* catch all spikes and dips each week or lifetime, it’s a loser. It’s a strategy for catching 5% of spikes, thoughtlessly, each week - and for BTC that’s a lot of coin.
@_date: 2019-02-23 01:20:50
I've been in talk with Luke about chain growth, and my proposal is a soft fork to **decrease** block subsidy in order to increase BTC node dominance and [improve transaction fee prioritization](
Big blocks = unsustainable growth; New PoW = unproven risk.
There is a simpler and more elegant solution, which is to soft fork the block subsidy to something close to transactions fees, such as 0.25 BTC. Thoughts?
@_date: 2019-06-21 15:07:21
Thank you!!!! FUCK YA, totally maxing out my Bitcoin mother fucker... oh so happy lol.
@_date: 2019-02-20 16:58:38
Minor technicalities of difference, but essentially the same.
@_date: 2019-06-28 18:55:52
Literally everyone is expecting a 2 or 3 day dumping, and I am ready.
But if this mother fucker keeps going up, I will be left with no choice but to FOMO back in - and I too, will blame the memers; some are more quality than others, and it's with contempt I will note them in my heart if they stimulate my FOMO.
@_date: 2019-06-21 15:53:28
No (per poster who *actually* read their book), they have 4 copies of each fragment. So in theory 4 banks of 12 could get shut down, killed, and then they'd be in trouble (IF banks are the *only* place they keep their shards - I wouldn't be surprised is they have some in caves, across the world - accessible only by rowboat, like Lord Voldemort would have done). 
But those 4 banks would need to all be safeguarding the same fragment - so if they got maximum unlikely, they could lose keys with a 33% rate of failure. If it was *perfectly* random they'd only need 3 banks to survive, of 12... so 75% rate of failure.
The real math is probably like having 8 banks of the 12 getting nuked, at the same time, destroys their private keys (67% rate of fail).
@_date: 2019-02-16 12:37:19
UBI is dumb, and tech *never* eleminates jobs - it creates more jobs in tech.
The issue with UBI is multifold. 1) Children deserve UBI not adults. 2) You want to practice competitive socialism not foster a race to the bottom.
Competitive socialism is like scholarships. Destressed people *with promise*, new parents *with promise*, migrants *with promise*, youths *with promise*... if you avoid outright categories or *just everyone* then it’s easy to cap benefits while maintaining capitalist ideals.
If true UBI happened, drunk lazy shits would take over the world. You want to maintain a society of choice, choice on whom we sponsor. Not everyone who creates an ICO should get $50 Mil, nor should every drug abuser get a rich daddy.
@_date: 2019-02-20 01:42:35
I know most people here don't even trade, but I will tell you I've made a shit ton of money lately doing something I call *price cost averaging*. Where as Dollar Cost Averaging buys a set amount monthly (like $100 / month), with *price cost averaging* you buy based upon price of asset. So it *could* work something like this:
Take total Assets (car, 401k, equity, etc), say this is $60k.
Say you want to buy $6k BTC (10% of assets).
Now set a price range you want to buy at, let's say $3,000 to $9,000 - over the course of 1 year.
Month 1, you place the following orders:
* $5,500 @ $3,000
* $500 @ $3,500...
Month 2 (no hits):
* $5,000 @ $3,000
* $500 @ $3,500
* $500 @ $4,000
The advantage here is that you catch all the price swings, and have relatively little fear of price drops. In fact, you WANT *sudden and sharp* price drops, which BTC is known for.
You can do a similar reverse pattern for selling, such as:
Month 1:
$5,500 BTC @ $9,000
$500 BTC @ $8,500
And so on... again you CATCH all these wonderful price spikes and price dips.
The 2nd advantage to this is that it keeps you *actively trading* but without ANY concern whatsoever about price.  Once you set your percentages and your pricing intervals, virtually nothing else matters.
Once I started this approach I sold me 3 BTC @ $6,200. Since then, I bought 1 BTC @ $3,200, 1 BTC @ $3,400, 3 BTC @ $3,600 (not in that order)...
I had orders all 'bear market' to grab 3 BTC @ $2,700 but it never hit. I was praying for a sudden price dip, but no strikes. But I did catch both $3,200 and $3,400 spikes... those felt so good.
At the end of it, I took out cash I needed and went 'all in' at $3,600 (like 2 days ago). A cool 2 BTC + Cash profit, in just 2 months.
At this time, personally, I'm very long BTC (all in but fat cash too), but guess what? If it hits $4,400 I'll sell some BTC... and rebuy in full at $3,800... rinse and repeat every $600 or so all the way between here and $150k ;)
I have a speculative prediction I can make 30% BTC returns simply from virtually automated high-low buying, selling... but I have it setup in such a way that *if* in the low-low chance BTC hits $500k, I'm still golden.
The trick is to not think of yourself as trying to become a BTC trillionaire, but to simply settle for $1 Mil USD, without stress. IMO, you can do that easily with $40k invested in BTC today.
And if you follow the method I mention above, you can probably cash out $300k during this next bull run, and still have 6 BTC to do what the fuck ever with. Some might say that is $75k per BTC, but it's really a series of insanely small transactions, gaining you 2 or 3 BTC over the year, allowing you to sell a few guilt free... staying fat in both cash and BTC.
@_date: 2019-06-17 10:47:40
Poor in spirit and culture is sad indeed. Poor in wealth cures faster than a fever, with fiery blood.
@_date: 2019-10-10 14:15:14
!lntip 3200
Congrats :)
@_date: 2019-10-16 15:51:11
If Thiel's organization gets even 30% of the hash power, then this puts Bitcoin out of harm's way from Xi -
and I like that.
@_date: 2019-06-21 15:25:50
"Each share represents 0.00098080 bitcoin"
That seems to be a fixed statement. So effectively the 'fair price' (if BTC is $9,000) is about $9 - and selling price is $13.
That is a hefty, hefty premium. Ug, I may just pay the penalties... decisions. Thank you very much for that information, super useful.
In hindsight, there is significant advantage to being open to short-term BTC trades in the IRA, without paying short-term capital gains, so I think I'll pay the 'overage', and hopefully it sticks, even as BTC escalates.
@_date: 2019-02-22 22:50:19
This would be the exact same function as today.
There is a minimum cost to send a BTC transaction which is 1 Sat or maybe 225 Sat (depending). There are 100,000,000 Sats per block.
If BTC grows in value to $1,000,000 / BTC, this means minimum transaction fee is $0.01 to $2.25 (Depending).
So instead of doing smaller blocks to reduce node strain and increase the number of nodes, this approach is to increase the value of BTC, which increases dominance thus the number of nodes. And likewise does so without increasing blockchain size (big blocks) by increasing the value of Bitcoin until a few Sat of waste disincentivizes empty or wasteful transactions.
What many don't recall is that *if* you presume there exists an ASIC monopolist, then it is financially wise for them to spam transactions to drive up block rewards, increasing the prices consumers would pay for their products. This occurs today because transaction fees are 2% of reward. If you follow the thread, the idea is to s-fork subsidy down to 0.25 BTC, making transaction fees 50% of block reward.
@_date: 2019-06-21 16:38:04


@_date: 2019-02-12 07:24:00
FlameThrower Cash
@_date: 2019-02-10 21:28:40
This is real tough one IMO. The only thing I’ll say is healthcare costs reduce ~90% by avoidance of drugs and weight loss.
Regarding Pharmacueticals, the issue is patents. One *could* create an at home compounding station (making pills is rediculously cheap), but patents prevent outsourcing. Some pills sell for $100,000 for an annual supply, which can be made from $5,000 of ingredients - that’s chemicals for you.
Surgury, etc, will probably need to occur in 3rd countries, etc. Plane tickets to Cuba (or similar) are worth it for *planned* surgeries. Once you allow surgeons to work without committing $200k for certificates you’ll probably end up with better service &amp; quality, overall. They’d still have to be tested, like hiring a programmer, just not by the State.
But emergency in-house or *cheap* surgeries (less than $10,000) the state will probably retain a monopoly.
The problem with healthcare is over regulation. Remove patents, remove $200k + 8 yr state enforced licensing requirements, and you’ll have a healthier population.
But all ads for cigarettes, alcohol, coffee, food, weed, etc should be banned, longterm. The negative health consequences are too extreme for modern society. I perform self-tests regularly and have found **significant** increases in mental &amp; mood acuity from sleeping / meditating 10+ hrs daily. I know it sounds like a lot, but having smarts increased 5% adds a lot to ones annual income - easily worth it financially. The increased smarts makes drugs easier to avoid, too.
@_date: 2019-06-26 14:05:30
thank you!
@_date: 2019-02-18 04:00:57
They are in the twitter link. 
@_date: 2019-02-23 18:28:09
Exactly. And the community has no idea how bad it makes us look to act like worthless slim and blame others for problems we can solve ourselves.
Why don't people post Luke Tweets? He is a dye in the wool BTC'er. He doesn't talk about Ethereum or anything else but Bitcoin.
Oh ya, that's right, because people find a way to hate him too. And Nick Szabo. This is the small-minded thought process of hating a part of a thing, and condemning the whole thing.
I really enjoy the independent thoughts of Luke and Nick, regardless is I agree on everything. And I *do* appreciate the chipper attitude of Ver, regardless.
@_date: 2019-06-01 04:33:55
We need to work on reducing fees. There are three ways to do that:
1) Improving bytes per send - Best Way, hardest (such as Segwit)
2) Increasing weight or block size - Easiest Way (such as Segwit)
3) Pushing off-chain transactions - Worst Way (lightning, side chains, 'other blockchains')
A lot of people get confused on 'what is lightning'. It is Instant, it is Micro, it is Auxiliary - it is not a replacement for Bitcoin.
In the next several months we need to reduce bytes per transaction by 20% or increase the block weight for Segwit from 4 MB to 6 MB or similar - this could be a soft fork to expire in approximately 2 years.
However, BTC usage should increase this year and next year (and then die off in the bear market). It is trivially easy to increase block weight AND to give it an expiration date. But $5 fees are no way to say "welcome to Bitcoin".
@_date: 2019-10-07 17:34:43
Hot and crispy!
@_date: 2019-06-18 14:11:46
I say NO WAY to $60k. A small, small part of me says $30k, but the 'realist' in me says $15k.
I also said BTC would be at $7.5k from here until August, so.
@_date: 2019-06-26 17:58:14
I want high QUALITY and ORIGINAL memes on the front page, AND YOU SIR HAVE DELIVERED!
I would like the removal of these 'roller coaster' guys, and focus on OC meme'rs. OC meme'rs are losing TONS of Karma due to these NPC bots, stealing our Karma, and keeping it for the CORPORATE MACHINE.
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH - We want our memes back! And our Teslas!
We want memes and Teslas, and we aren't leaving until we get both!!! Today, we ALL are meme'rs. Unite!
([my tribute](
@_date: 2019-06-21 18:45:48
I think your view is strategically correct, but I think Iran is just a stepping stone to Russia, China personally.
I don’t think it hardly matters at all what Iran does, if we want to war China, if China seizes Hong Kong, I feel it’s of strategic importance to eliminate the presumed Chinese ally, Iran.
It could be this whole Hong Kong thing which is forcing our hand here, who knows.
@_date: 2019-06-17 10:45:28
You are crying to the wrong people. The socialist club is that away.
@_date: 2019-06-21 18:35:58
lol.. what are you on about...
@_date: 2019-06-21 14:58:38
:P - I sold some mutual to get some cash, I'll report back tomorrow.
BTC is my most optimal long-term hold position, I'll have 100% of the Roths popped into BTC, with the Traditionals probably kept as hedge. EXCITING!
@_date: 2019-12-12 07:57:44
But you might ask... what is the 'decision'? If it's complaining to government, that is a different matter altogether. It's not like I'm starting gas fires cause I think smoke is good lol
The only decision that's important is *beneficial* decisions. Like 'not smoking' is self-beneficial. Buying a Tesla, Solar, when it's economical, is self-beneficial... you really don't need to go beyond that. Complaining to government is tots different.
Elon is a completely different. His objective is much more about Mars than Earth. You got to have solar, tunneling, the ability to terra form a planet, ability to drive, move, etc.. to live on Mars. Yes, he considers it a *threat* but realistically it's very questionable it if it is a *threat* but there is no doubt it is long-term more economic, and if it's illogical to transport Oil to Mars to drive cars to and fro.
Elon's bro, Kimbal Spice, is tots nutty about [Plant a Seed Day]( I'm sure that rubs off on Elon lol.
His passion before Tesla, and everything else, was to start a farm on Mars, which is basically what Kimbal wants to do, as well.
But I don't think Elon EVER thought Tesla would get this big.
As he says in that video, he is an X Prize (remember those?) to motivate change. Profit was never the objective, though now it sort of is cause he went broke there for a bit lol
SpaceX is amazing! I know a good bit about our man Elon =)
Did you know a book was written in 1953 called the Mars Project, where it says there will be proclaimed a ruler of Mars and his name will be "Elon"?
Basically he can't help it. It was foretold. Destiny is forcing him into action.
@_date: 2019-12-16 22:07:52
Currently BTC is 50% off the high of 6 months ago of $13,750 and 100% more than the low of 12 months ago of $3,200.
What's happening right now is a major whale is attempting to force liquidate margin holders, and their new target is to break $6,500 (failed last time) and try and dip the price down to $6,200 or there about. If you are new into BTC, now is a great time to buy. If you already have a lot of BTC, I might place my buys around $6,200.
I am expecting a HUGE dip between now and Christmas, followed by a huge climb. The dip may only last a split second. Setting up buy orders now is how you take advantage of that. Set them for $6,200 &amp; you can always move them up if necessary. Right after Christmas, expect a big swing in the opposite direction, for a Sad Santa but a Happy New Year.
@_date: 2019-02-23 14:51:20
Tech isn’t Fargo or the Expanse; loving it isn’t a requirement. The BCH Checkpoint System, Avalanche, &amp; Nano are good tech. But ‘investment’ is different. The most relevant question for investment is dispersion of ownership + marketing.
Nano is concentrated. Despite ‘0 Inflation’ it goes down - because concentrated holders need cash at any price. BTC inflates at billions per year, but the marketing brings it new buyers *more than* billions per year.
People are taught really wacky ideas, but this is about all it comes down to in finance. I want BTC to have the best tech, not the best egos. I am always repulsed when I see communities bashing others.
Vitalik admitted recently he’d been using his celebrity status to bash Bitcoin to pump ETH (obvious) and an ETH Dev Afri had bashed ETH Dev Yoichi. Years later I still held the grudge and made them pay: aholes suck, make them pay - always make them pay.
Life is about having fun, hold grudges against aholes and make them pay.
@_date: 2019-02-11 14:24:43
Lightning you must make an invoice? You can’t just have a pay to address? Can the same invoice get paid multiple times?
@_date: 2019-12-12 05:12:02
It’s more like ‘what’s your point’.
If it is that we are getting the globe warmer, sure. If it’s that we should invent ways to robotically clean pollution, sure. If it’s for more taxes VERY QUESTIONABLE. If it’s for acting hysterical, NO. If it’s for reducing populations HELL NO. If it’s for becoming smaller, eating less healthy food, no.
There is a *sensible* discussion and an illogical one. I’d wager high odds if we did nothing aside support Tesla and robotic tree planting, the problem will be solved in 20 yrs with massive new tree growth.
My main concern is fish life &amp; wild life. But the globe will NEVER be a challenge for humans to thrive upon, even if very warm suddenly; we are simply too advanced. Anything to the contrary is nonsense. But fish &amp; wild species is mildly different if oceans *actually* became overly toxic.
But I bet underwater plants are growing mega fast right now, and acid loving things.
20 years ‘climate’ won’t be a thing, and we will be terraforming Mars. You can’t conquer mars if you can plant trees via robots on Earth or use solar effectively.
But the hysteria and the blame game is pure FUD and evil.
Just support Tesla if you get concerned.
@_date: 2019-12-06 16:15:05
No other crypto other than BTC has ‘demand’. All others are just BTC runoff spillage. I suspect you’ll see more Tesla’s than Alt Coin investments, this year.
@_date: 2019-06-26 03:44:01
Love it!
(and I steals it)
@_date: 2019-12-07 04:19:40
With Capital gains, you don't know your tax bill until Nov to Jan, roughly... year end.
So you could have (like) a $0 tax bill or $50,000 tax bill EASY with only $100k in assets.... with $10 Mil, $5 Mil tax bill is reasonable.
So everyone sells over winter to pay off taxes. All big boys finish up before the end of January, as this is what they do every year, like a routine.
@_date: 2019-06-17 16:52:56


This is the most common thing. There are like two objectives, selling Bitcoin and teaching modern economic global policy making.
Selling Bitcoin is all I focus on, like in person. That can be a 5 to 10 hour conversation, but can make them $1,000 or so, quite easy, if they hold for 1 year plus. AFTER they make money, then they'll be open to learning about global economics.
Ignoring political activists, who are generically spastic in nature, regular people don't want to be inundated with useless trivia. Bretton Woods, 'what is gold', what is dollar, etc... is so incredibly complex.
And you have to realize it is like destroying a religion. It is a foundational core element to everything they believe, and everyone they know believes. You might as well be advocating mass suicide and betting on rabbits.
So like, when I get people off religion or I could say the 'cursed' interpretation of religion I see today, I focus on these aspects : 1) I say I am better at knowing and understanding Jesus than they are. Like, I actually know what he meant and what was intended to be said, I interpret religion through parables of Jesus, not what 'give me all your money guy' tells me he meant.
So here I am not *anti* religious, and super pro religious - so pro, that they can not fight me. I am *more* religious than they are.
Then, for step two, I say Jesus wants you happy, which is to have a lot of money. There are many *actual* parables to back this up - so then I say, stop giving away all your fucking money, and apply your time to making money - and take care of your family, those few people most important to you, above all else.
This message sounds very much like what people intuitively believe Jesus would want - then the counter 'but what about when you have so much money, you become unhappy (??) and need to give it away to the poor so quick, you can't!' (this is the common teaching of *evil* Jesus preachers today).
Then you say, Yes, exactly. As you get better, make your life better, and make everyone's life better, you show others how to do likewise - you make their lives better too. You pay them for work, you teach them how to have a better life, like you do. But you can't cloth 1,000 hobos by selling away your house, and killing your children; and anyone who suggests to do likewise I'd say is a terrorist.
But with success you can trade with 1 million people, without discriminating based on gender, upbringing, or ethnicity; bettering yourself and the global population.
So there it is, you can either be miserable, starved, and a neglectful teacher to your children, abandoning them into a desperate life of financial ruin - unwanted, unrevered, and unadmired - or you can be something to be proud of, and instill pride in others.
While changing lives is not instantaneous, the message is always welcome and seen as a positive.
With Bitcoin, I do kind of a similar thing, but just sort of go with it (people are far less political than they are spiritual). I almost always open the conversation with 'throw in $10k, who cares' with 'life's a gamble, maybe you make a ton of money, who knows, give it 2 years!'
The counter is almost always 'Ya, I bet it's not going to $0, but will it really go up?' I retort 'who knows, it's just $10k. You spend that of vacation, you got some play money right?'
Then I send them links to Cash App, Coinbase, etc... And talk about how to buy it, and say 'ok, now just do some practice money and pop in $100 so you can get the mechanics'. Once they get this far, I just say 'ok, now just pop in more as you feel like, but don't get more than $5k or $10k or whatever you set your goal for, but don't take too long either.'
They almost always say 'I don't want to watch this thing, I'll just put it all in next month'. I then say, 'ya ok, that sounds good, just hold it for TWO YEARS or until Dec '21 or Bitcoin hits $40,000 - whichever comes first. If one of those occur, sell.'
And rarely follow up.
That's about all the time I can spend 1 on 1, and like I said could easily be 5 to 10 hours. One guy I helped to make him $8k on a $4k investment. I followed up with him, just to get a bit of appreciation (he'd been bitching every dip, silent in the up cycles), and the guy said it 'wasn't worth the stress' :/
He literally bought and sold only 1 time. He is now completely out of Bitcoin. A couple of girls I got to invest, however, have held onto their coins for years. Each of them is up $10k or so, and each is very thankful and feel like they should pay me, which is nice.
Women and artists seem to make the best bitcoiners, investment wise. They don't think about investing a lot, don't stress it, and tend to like the 'holding' concept more than men. And they also associate the reward with your assistance, vs being totally uber greedy and being like 'I did all the real work, it was MY money that did it'.
I've had several women compare Bitcoin to Stocks, and thank (or want to pay) me accordingly, where as I do not think I've ever had a man tell me thank you. The only good thing I've had from working with men is employing or investing in them later, but never a thank you for making me shit tons of money by holding my hand and forcing me into Bitcoin - that sort of appreciation men are reluctant to give.
@_date: 2019-06-17 12:11:30
You have been fooled. Care about money, your family.
Convincing a slave they ‘don’t need money’ is step 1 to owning them.
@_date: 2019-12-03 09:39:54
Best I make of this:
Big player / Tether waited until BTC prices were low
Then bought BTC with ‘Tether’, like on a loan
Then printed Tether to pay back the loan
Then collected $$ for said printing of Tether
That’s the basic scheme.
Accessing damages is, I dunno.
The reason you do this (for those of you who trade):
Market Cap of T is public. Value is $1, but market cap changes.
Expectation: Price low, MC goes up $1 Bil, pump incoming.
What you’d *actually* see is:
Price low, pump incoming... no idea where, CASH????
Then price gets high, market cap balloons, like someone is *cashing out*.
Expect price drop, but see price stabilize.
If Tether does it *the correct way*, you can always long , pump BTC *immediately after* a huge market cap increase in Tether (when prices are low). And short BTC after market cap decreases (note: to this day T market cap rarely declines, ever, meaning *in theory* no one actually buys BTC with T, instead they merely hold T (bogus).
I know it’s complex but many traders have brought up T as a leading indicator to me before, like a verifiable inflation figure. But if look at charts, ODDLY, price moves THEN inflation occurs AFTER. Done the right way, inflation should occur, price balloons, and then MARKET CAP SHRINKS. But done this way, *it looks like* price balloons, and then someone cashes out into T - thus market cap balloons and never shrinks.
That’s how this probably worked. T *could be* backed by dollars, but it was done retroactively... like print $1 Bil T, don’t tell anybody, pump BTC... cash out $1 Bil BTC = balance.
That’s why the ‘audit’ of T was always bogus. It was at *one point in time*, not at all times.
Also, for those that don’t know BitFinex CEO might own 1,000,000 BTC, personally. I know the guy was a solo lead seed investor into an ICO with $3 Mil down, next runner up was $100k. I also know the ICO pumped, and he NEVER SOLD. That fucking boggled my mind.
I also know he invested heavily into Blockstream, in some fashion. But he’s probably invested an average of $10 Mil into each of the top 300 ICO projects, in addition to acquiring a lot of BTC. Like Winklevoss level. But instead of acquiring through Cash, he did this T ‘scam’.
Further, in terms of *damages*, it’s hard to say. If the T’s can be redeemed for dollars (probably) then there are no real damages for Ts. The main thing is that the market mega pumped *without* a prior ballooning of T, screwing up short and long sellers.
Like, if you think about it, anyone buying $100 Mil of BTC has to first either send to Gemini, Coinbase, or Kraken. With like a network of 5 inside guys to report all new deposits of cash, it’s easy to *long* the market *immediately after* new deposits.
Like when Grayscale recently bought $300 Mil BTC they did so by throwing HUGE limit orders on to the books. First, longs skyrocketed. Then price went from $3k to $13k for 4 months... And $3k to $5k *before* Grayscale began *actually* buying (IMO).
All it takes is a small network of inside guys, and you can *always* get BTC *immediately before* huge money.
It would be funny though for someone to make a $300 Mil cash deposit, then to short BTC, sell a bunch of BTC hoarded... fuck all the inside traders... then buy BTC like a year later - but that will never happen.
Note, the $3k to $5k pump happened *exactly* at the timing of the NY BTC conference. Likely someone at that conference told all the whale boys what was up, someone from Grayscale or Coinbase (whomever they used to deposit the coins with) leaked what was coming.
That’s why I know *whale panda* is a fraud, too. I know he’s in on this game, but distracts simple minds with talk of Ver or Wright. I can just tell. I know he has a network of inside tipsters. You *never* trade big money without them! And whale panda has repeatedly suggested he has a network of tipsters.
But I can tell that no one in their right fucking mind gives a shit about Ver or Wright unless they are virtue signaling to an ignorant public... like convincing soldiers the other soldiers are raping babies... you can get people to do be heinous acts ‘for the greater good’ , and that is what whale panda had been selling for like 3 years running - the greater good is to defeat Ver, Wright, I’m on your side, leak me insider so *the good guys* can win!!
Regardless. This whole process is a big reason for the MAJOR BTC spikes, cause millions if not billions knew when to buy IMMEDIATELY AFTER big money deposits, but before they actually bought. Without activity like this, you’d expect BTC to be more linear. As in... without telling people you are guaranteed to make multi-billions if you buy BTC based off of insider info, then prices doesn’t become so erratic.
@_date: 2019-12-12 06:10:16
Do you know your body is full of cancer? And cancer spreads?
What are we doing about that issue, I wonder?
You ARE hysterical, as suspected. It’s understandable, cause that’s the propaganda, but if you think trying to scare people with nonsensical claims is *work*, you are wrong.
What is your involvement in solar research, electric cars, nuclear, or similar? If you aren’t involved in the solution, and your only contribution is annoying people with scary mantras, I think you can do better, if you *actually* cared.
I don’t need to waste time with illogical doomsday predictions; they haven’t come to pass yet. The action, however is clear: support Tesla. If you aren’t doing that, and instead are only bitching to the public or campaigning for government action, then I think you aren’t really concerned and instead are fulfilling an emptiness through fake perceived glorification, like a religious zealot. Not cool.
Work on the solution, but believe me it’s not getting hysterical in public and shouting doom at a school corner. That my advice, temper yours or not :) Good luck!!!
@_date: 2019-12-07 04:17:08
Generically I say don't ask a bitcoin fanatic... but if you have ZERO invested in Bitcoin, and your return expectations on your other investments is less than 300% annualized, then I'd definitely say to buy in.
You can buy ticker GBTC in a 401k / IRA, or you buy on Cash App, Coinbase, Gemini, Kraken, etc.
Advantage of 'actually owning BTC' is the whole privacy, keeping the coins, etc... AND you can deposit it at Nexo and double up the amount via collateral loan at 6% interest (I recommend this).
Using IRA is good for SHORT TERM trading, as no tax consequences. Also, most have most their funds there, so.
Anyways, good luck to you. Hope you get 1 whole coin, and if you deposit it onto Nexo you can buy 2 coins... and that's enough to make a difference SHOULD things work out :)
@_date: 2019-12-14 19:43:02
No problem, glad you were genuinely interested :)
For 'short term speculation', I would consider the following:
Buy in the last minute of trading on Friday, the 20th, if using GBTC, or set the buy at $6,200 if using an exchange.
Plan to sell on the 27th, around $8k
Then review. If price dipped from $6,500 to $6,400 - I suspect he won't try again in Jan. If price dipped $6,500 to $6,001 - then plan for him to go again in January, and set a buy order around $5,700 or there about.
Basically you are profiting AND taking away money from the whale who is attempting to move the market (and force liquidate others). The more who act in this way, the less frequently this happens.
Take care, and good luck trading.
@_date: 2019-12-12 17:53:51
There is a LOT more to BTC than 'store of value', but shopping is the least important use case.
Satoshi's original design involved equalized distribution of new capital, commonly referred to as... Cantillion Effect by Szabo and others. The other is globalized investment capital, which is why Russell Okung, two-time All American, Nigerian, and.. why Akon of African origin, support Bitcoin.
 
While it doesn't sadden me, per se, it's a bit obnoxious to me that Lightning &amp; privacy issues have become forefront in BTC and not *actual* use cases that exist today. Further, these are not *relate'able* use cases for 99% of publics. While LN is good *LONG TERM* it is STILL not suitable for common publics, and increased privacy is *super important* but mostly a 1%'er issue. It really matters most for those with $10 Mil+ looking to flee to a tax haven.. so a lot of financial support, but little social support, IMO (though it is *super* important).
But by focusing on these things you are telling people Bitcoin is not good enough, and it is. And by subs like these promoting these concepts while threatening others who promote Bitcoin, it becomes more propagandized than natural. Just recently I got threatened with a permaban for promoting Russell Okung's use of BTCPay cleat in the Pro-bowl &amp; Jack's funding of Bitcoin Devs. The mods call it 'spam' when you get 200+ upvotes on links... because it's NOT Lightning related or introducing a new competing BTC figurehead. Like Russell wants to get heavily involved in BTC, but if I promote a *new guy* the old guys get diminished (as they are doing much less than he is), and use their authority to threaten their supporters with bans, and that is wrong. Why do some mods hate Twitter / Jack / Russell so much? I can't say. But clearly they call these popular links 'spam' while LN, Andreas links 'totally Bitcoin'. It's frustrating.
But regarding the Cantillion Effect, that aspect has passed for Bitcoin, unfortunately, after ASIC's. Today, ASIC makers are like the 'central banks' of Bitcoin, who get the new money first, and then pass it along to miners, and then to the community as a whole.
While it's a complex concept, I'd wager 'central bankers' get a 30% discount on their BTC, which then becomes 20% for miners, then reg price, etc. Satoshi's initial design countered this but it no longer applies... though it is more fair than *a single government*, it does tend to be a single manufacturer for extended periods of time... still, more fair, probably, as it's globally sourced.
But globalized investment capital is truly the best use case of Bitcoin, presumably even better than store of value or at least on par. This is where Twitter Jack is going. He knows what's up, and Russell, and Akon. Why? Because they understand people.
African families are whack. 1,000 cousins and 100 grandchildren is tots the norm in Africa. 10 kids having 10 kids each. Imagine this is America... you split inheritance (true wealth) between 10 vs 1, 2, or 3!!! That's crazy! But kids applied to money making can make money happen.
Euro / American kids are semi-spoiled cause like 20% are inheritance brats (I don't mean that literally).. as in they never have to work to succeed, if they invest half decent. As a society, your goal is to get to 100%. That is the future world we will one day be at.
But African kids are like 1% inheritance brats and 99% working slaves, or however you define it. Further, Venezuelans and Brazilians will work for $3 per hour, on the regular.
So now imagine: Take your $100,000 of inheritance, purchase 5 Brazilians for 2 yrs for $60,000 and then spend $40k on marketing of their tech service, etc... to Euro / American buyers, and collect profits. Maybe they get a raise to $10 / hr and you collect $60 / hr.
Even at low billable hours, say 25%, and rate of failure of 60%, that's $50k annualized with 2 people succeeding through your program, from a $100k investment... not bad.
^ That is what BTC makes possible. But it requires smarts and people skills; it's not for everyone.
But people can do that today, and Jack, Russell, and Akon know it. It is the most optimized use of BTC cause done effectively it can make money faster than BTC can appreciate, therefore earning more BTC by allocating prior BTC effectively. Retail Merchandising, LN, &amp; Privacy are trivial compared to global capital.
A guy I follow who does this trains 4,000 people per year. He increases global wealth by $1 Billion per 1 year. But... he profits $15 Mil per year training them with $30 Mil in staff. Another I know profits $500k per year with $60k in cheap labor hiring.
In one case, the guy takes a cut of amplified salaries from minimum to $40 / hr average, and another the lady hires at $2 and sells for $5 + they work on her own pet projects, which have been ultra successful.
Bitcoin can be used for this, but people don't recognize the opportunity here cause of complexity. In time I hope to teach, and take advantage individually as well! And that's not to mention special US tax laws coming up :)
@_date: 2019-12-06 20:07:00
Nope. ETH has unlimited supply and TONS of corruption. What you will see is more ‘Afri’ type people popping up all over ETH selling a new scam, diminishing ETHs value.
ETH is founded upon a ‘stock exchange’ principle, which means pump shit coins. BUT ETH is so incredibly stupid as to issue unlimited supply. What is MINERS supply (not staking) after this next hard fork, still 4%? Roughly? Maybe things changed, I can’t keep up with ETH.
Like BTC is $10 Bil incoming - $4 Bil scams - $3 Bil whales profits = $3 Bil retained. ETH is $5 Bil incoming - $3 Bil scams - $1.8 Bil whale profits = $0.2 Bil retained. BTC scams are like 40% &amp; ETH scams 60% of new money.
@_date: 2019-10-28 22:40:53
There is a Venezuelan community that networks to find jobs over the Internet. They all saw it.
@_date: 2019-12-01 12:51:57
For those that don’t know, Venes will do remote work for $5 / hr. Sometimes you can make this profitable for everyone.
In situations like this you want jobs not Christmas gifts.
@_date: 2019-12-14 18:02:57
This was first posted on Twitter, and is very relevant signaling news. I would have shared it, but if you try and post Twitter links in Reddit, the Reddit Oligarchs come down upon you and tell you to stop letting people know about a competing social media platform. So instead you have this, articles about a Tweet, instead of the actual source of info linked directly. Secondary sourcing. It's not bad, but the ban on primary sourcing ain't good, either.
It's understandable for Reddit to have a soft-ban on links to competing social media platforms, but it's not good for 'readers' - so be aware of that.
@_date: 2019-06-05 00:39:57
If BTC is $8k (or less), you won’t get liquidated below $1k IF you Margin 10% of Deposited Bitcoin. Pop in 10 BTC to Kraken, Buy 1 BTC Long on Margin, and you shouldn’t get liquidated until below $1k.
With a 10 BTC deposit you could buy 2.5 BTC Long and not get liquidated until $2.5k
Liquidated means you lost all your BTC. Buy BTC at $8k, it had a value of $1k = Loan of $7,000.
10 BTC on deposit = $10,000.
Must maintain 25% over loan = $7k x 1.25 = $8,750.
You do pay interest, not on $8k but difference between current price (if BTC becomes $10k - you are owed money, so don’t pay interest).
If BTC became $800 for one second - and you didn’t deposit more - your margin would get called, all BTC sold for $800, 11 BTC becomes $8,800 and you repay a $8,000 loan (plus interest) = ~$800 cash.
@_date: 2019-06-21 16:52:49
... you presume they didn't use a password.
@_date: 2019-12-06 15:34:34
Almost everyone thinks it will get above $20k.
My assumption is that we will see four things:
* High freq down price spiking


* Slower peak price rise


* Smaller peaks than expected


* More mature market


Ultimately this means you might see BTC moving toward a doubling of price every 4 yrs vs 4x in 3 months... But perhaps 10x or 5x this time, with smaller numbers next time.
Also, between now &amp; Jan 20th will produce the biggest returns - with a 6 month hold. That’s not long to wait to predictably double or triple up.
@_date: 2019-12-12 07:44:18
Ya... But it will be more like 4 days, just FYI. It takes like twice as long for everything post-2017 (blocks much bigger). Once synced, I can re-sync a month's worth in like 2 hours, so not a problem, IMO. It's usually best not to run it 24 / 7 but weekly, just FYI, as it can be comp intensive. ESPECIALLY if you have a HDD. Most recommend just running it at night, and pausing while using the comp. You'll get there in less than a week regardless.
@_date: 2019-06-21 18:10:30
Use your words, child... who knows what you are getting offended about this time.
@_date: 2019-12-13 04:09:57
Not everyone waits until they are 70 to start giving their kids money. Parents can give $30k per year tax free.
Sensible parents do it early; it's tax smart and financially sound.
I got a guy who 'does it all on his own' but got a $30k car, $2k TV, his job through his parents, etc, etc... Not all parents stiff their kids. It's real dumb, actually.
But people over 40 do make better money managers, as far as I'm concerned - but if you got $1 Mil and can invest to earn 20% annual... that's $200,000. Chipping off $30k for the kids is chump change.
More parents than you'd expect do this, making the kids life easy.
Another I know bought the $40k car, the $220k house, all the furnishings... and that's after college. Another bought the kid's neighbor's house so they could keep the rent as an 'apartment manager'.
Smart parents ingratiate their kids, dumb ones who are persuaded by society to not, don't.
I know a guy who waited until death to give his family $5 Mil. The Financial Adviser took it all (siphoned it to nothing using penny stocks, with him as the counter party). I know another who waited until death to transfer 10 Real Estate properties. The CPA took them all. Used Power of Attorney to transfer into his name, refiled deeds, and the kin are too uneducated and poor to fight back.
Inheritance RARELY makes it to the children, unless it's very simple, the children know what to look for, and it's large institutions. Otherwise, it only takes 1 theft for a lifetime of retirement. Many CPA, Financial Advisers, Lawyers, Bankers, so on will do that.
I know a Banker who took a $5 Mil piece of property and was able to get it 'off the books' and sold it to a friend for $10k. They split the difference. That is actually real common in banking and foreclosures.
The best money in mortgage banking is made by foreclosures. Anything above loan amount goes back to the buyer, and it has to sell at fair value. So banker will get a 'contamination' document, or similar... prevent any suitable buyer from bidding, or make the auction around a holiday, and boom... they get the property *just* above the loan balance. That's actually standard practice.
If the parents die before the assets begin to transfer, a middle man will take it. No reason to wait. $30k annual tax free.
@_date: 2019-12-14 18:14:35
It's equivalent to a Billionaire buying $80k of Bitcoin and tweeting about it to 1.1 Million followers.
It's signaling. It's saying 'it's OK to buy Bitcoin' and 'I think there is some value to having a little Bitcoin'.
The percent of wealth is irrelevant. When people stand on the corner yelling to repent and that the doom is nigh, few people respond as these are vain extremest. But when social leaders (which this guy is) tell people to buy Bitcoin, it has an impact.
This is why Russell Okung, Akon, and Jack will make more of an impact than 50 extremest who devote their lives to harassing others over Bitcoin vs making a social impact, and spreading Bitcoin within it. People are *attracted* to Russell, Akon, and Jack because they are *social leaders*, NOT fanatics.
That is also why subs like this go very, very wrong when they promote harassing others who are 'not good enough for Bitcoin', demeaning social leaders who are entering Bitcoin 'not loyal enough for Bitcoin', and for dismissing others with sensible, balanced view points 'not impassioned enough for Bitcoin...'.
Attracting people who are aggressive, one-dimensional, un'adaptive, and thoughtless is the exact opposite of the kind of audience you would ideally cultivate, for leadership.
@_date: 2019-12-04 23:14:03
[Full message](










@_date: 2019-06-26 05:03:01
Tesla homie... when Tesla.
@_date: 2019-12-12 23:53:00
The bulk of it - rather than develop a business selling a product or service, develop a business developing human capital.
In Amer / Euro this is low wage workers, children 14 to 18, and kids not going to college. In Brazil, Venezuela, Africa this is like 90% of pop.
The common expectation is that within 1 yr you can train someone making $15 / hr for a $40 / hr job. Or someone making $3 / hr for a $10 / hr job. Then you take a cut of this like an employment finders fee of say $30k (reverse of how most headhunters operate).
There are a lot of occupations where this works, like legal assistant, finance assistant, medical assistant, programmer, or media celebrity. Again, it’s not what they like, it’s what pays.
Some Amer / Euros never have to work ever, and only do so voluntarily. I got this guy inheriting $500 Mil, living in a $1 Mil house, who calls himself ‘poor’ for only making $250k per year. Converse expectation, those who never *have to work* typically make more than those who do from day 1 cause they can be picky (his first job was at 33 with 10 yrs of multiple colleges and failed starts). His sister makes $500k working from home, and collectively his families like $3 Mil annually, all mostly servicing government as a contractor or directly - a dirty secret is that ‘gov families’ develop complex bribery / insider trading systems, which make actually earnings nearly irrelevant compared to a few ‘technically legal’, well placed investments from situations they create.
Once wealth is acquired and becomes dynastic, it’s incredibly hard to destroy. But the objective is not to destroy wealth, but to create more wealthy people. This is easiest done by retraining low wages for high wages.
A friend is working with this kid whose mom is too drunk to pay electric bills &amp; dad is wearing a braclet. But with $5k in tools + business coaching, I fully expect him to make $100k at 18 with practically no debt.
I’m frankly a phenomenal investor overall. I can probably make him near 100% annualized returns, on average. So the objective is to make him a millionaire by 25.
And to then have him repeat this with X more kids, and I’ll move on to the next. Yet, at the same time I will profit. Not only through ‘growing my network’ by actually growing people, but establishing dynastic roots - as in millionaire families have 20+ relatives who are also millionaires. But as I don’t, it’s a safer bet for me to breed 20 millionaires than for me alone to acquire $20 million, say.
Their is some collectiveness in high-society which creates a safety net.
In the olden times, Franklin called this his Junto - and that coupled with his 13 virtues - are the most sensible economic policy ever developed in the history of mankind, and BY FAR his proudest accomplishment - NOTHING CLOSE.
More than anything Franklin was happy to have eliminated poverty from this world - but it has returned and his ways forgotten.
More important the electricity, than the atom, than anything else understood by man - was Franklin social construction to kill poverty - but it was lost.
**”Rebellion to Tyrants is Obedience to God.”**
And when Franklin coined this, he viewed institutionalized poverty as the greatest Tyrant that America ever had faced. He near feared King George, or death in war... but the cumulative deaths America suffered from 1690 to 1750 in the subsequent ‘peace’ post the Andries rebellion... is nearly incalculable but multiples of current population, as this slow killing took place over 60 yrs.
Under no circumstances would he accept the slow death of peace, but he was a trickster, and fooled many. The greatest man that has ever lived. I think I can say that without doubt or reservation. The best.
@_date: 2019-12-12 07:13:42
Where do you live (not trying to dox but), if it's Southern California, it makes ECONOMIC sense to own these things.
If you live in Tennessee or like... 70% of the US, it makes NO ECONOMIC SENSE to buy solar at this time... but in Southern Cali, you are stupid not to.
Similar with Tesla car. Cali people got $12k off the purchase price of the Tesla &amp; have all the infrastructure. Folks in TN will pay full price, and don't have super chargers at even the most popular of destinations.
That said, I want to congratulate you on doing your part. That's huge! But it's not that most people "don't believe in solar, global warming, or E-vehicles".
But if you happened to be into construction, and still bought a Tesla, or live in the rainy north, then you are unquestionably taking an economic loss for your convictions. But if you are in So Cal, it's just logically, really. Like you are dumb to not have solar or M3 in So Cal, regardless of any environmental thoughts on the issue.
I got me a Prius for $4k. Great car. My buddy who is an environmentalist got him a Tesla 3. But he wants to get solar... BUT IT IS FOOLISH. Because he lives where solar efficiency is like 30% vs 80% in So Cal.
But does that mean he doesn't believe in climate change? No. It's an ECONOMIC decision.
The SMART thing to do is for EVERYONE in So Cal to get solar first... then probably Texas... but even there Electricity is 1/3 less than Cali (nearly), so it may take longer... but this is how Tech works.
In 2 to 3 years, it will be foolish for ANYONE to not build a house with Solar - but that is because the tech will get better NOT because people will suddenly 'wake up to environmental problems'.
I am grabbing me a Model Y or a Cyber. I'm in the country, so Cyber is really what I need, but so either I'll get a Y or used 3 / S in the meantime, cause I'm ready for a new car =) But I need a hatch back to haul, and I'm not doing a $80k X lol
So that is how you want to approach 'global warming' - recognize that if you are in So Cal, it's simply economical for you to be 'clean', whereas for 70% of the country it is not, yet. But with better tech, spread of super chargers, it will become economical elsewhere.
It took Tesla TEN YEARS to build a truck. Think Trunk drivers should have been driving Model 3's till then, and stopped their hauling, work? I haul a lot. I like to build and burn wood :)
As I said before.. the question is what is your objective. Asking questions like 'did you read my book on climate is scary' is irregardless of the action is simply to move toward clean energy when economically sensible. That is the path you should be thinking, and the only thing relevant.
But if you are judging others because of your bubble economy, for clean energy that is economically efficient in your region, with $10k+ of tax incentives to do so, and a high wage area, then perhaps... you are missing it.
You might of got $10k+ for buying a Tesla, I will get $0 tax incentives. Does that mean I'm $10,000 more committed than you? No. But... it does make *economic* sense for me to wait.
Really Tesla's are like $20k cheaper for people in So Cal, if you do all the math. And houses are like $400k pretty regular vs $150k in the country... so $60k vehicle is like 15% of housing vs 40% housing for country folk... 
At some point you got to think everyone else is not stupid, but perhaps you don't understand the differing economic environments.
If you make $50k working construction in TN, I would certainly said you sacrificed a lot to get Solar and Tesla, cause it makes absolutely no sense lol... But that's not me, so I'll be getting one. Just haven't decided if new Y, or new Cyber, or both (one for me, one for girl).
But I don't need to get scared into doing it lol. They are *now* just becoming better cars (beyond CA), and I do believe they will get better. Hope you bought Tesla stock!
You might want to question why Tesla is popular only where people get $10k+ in incentives to buy a Tesla...
And while CA people don't get it, the reason the price was high was because they were already selling max production. Now that incentives are off, the price is $15k less... ($10k incentives is $15k pre-tax). People in Cali don't get it. But that is because now everyone is paying *about* the same, and production can scale to fulfill the rest of the country.. so 25% off price! Great!
But it's the same price, actually, when you compare someone in Cali 2017 vs in Other State - just people in Cali got theirs 5 yrs earlier, with Youtube fame, and referral bonus galore, etc. It's a lil' unfair, the 1% Sun Boys hogging all the sun, but there you go. Can't tax nature, unfortunately :P
Good talk =)
@_date: 2019-12-14 19:33:11
There are walls at $6,500 &amp; $6,000.
Sure, he'd love to go to $2,000 in the next week, before his loan is to be repaid, but it's unlikely.
Last time he cracked $7,000 and brought the price down to $6,501. This *final dip* is due to margin calls getting liquidated.
I *suspect* he is aiming to crack $6,500 this go around, and when the margin calls start they might bring the price to $6,001 or there about. Depending upon how low it gets after $6,500 will determine if he tries again in January.
But your advice of *buy at $7,000 because it is the lowest of this dip* I suspect to be wrong, in the short-term.
Review the patterns in the last 3 months. It's highly indicative a loan that is being borrowed (in BTC) and repaid (in BTC) on a 30 day cycle. And the whale attempts to crack the price in the last few days before the loan needs to be repaid, which in this case happens to fall on Christmas.
I think $6,200 is a safe bet to catch the peak troth of this dip. A less cautious person could listen to you, for example, and be fine in the long-term, but sub optimal and with experiencing momentary risk.
@_date: 2019-12-07 07:39:17
@_date: 2019-12-06 22:35:38
Whales do it Nov, Dec, Jan. I think the biggest whales might have already gone, who knows.
@_date: 2019-02-05 17:36:39


This sounds more likely. People I've spoken with from India are as follows, either they are:
1) World-class businessmen, of exceptional intelligence and ethical character, or
2) Passive beyond compare, who conflate subservience with morality.
It is VERY common in 'India culture' to be against hoarding of metals or gems, so that they don't become 'victim to the international conspiracy', and last year the question was asked how best to aid the India economy and there were about 10 replies in a row that said 'demand an invoice' - which is India's way of saying get a receipt and make sure vendors pay sales tax.
India is ridiculously 'collectively loyal' (many Asians have this view), but don't have solid understanding of free enterprise, from what I see. I see a lot of Buddhists interpret 'free yourself from the world and pain' to mean 'be a lazy piece of shit and mooch the social fat'. Buddhism is a good psychological state, but is absolutely horrid if one interprets it as a way to direct action.
Another thing with Buddhists is that they are adverse to ownership, or bosses. In Roman, American culture, people are groomed to be slaves to masters from birth. Most 'employees' understand that without a master, they'd become a lazy piece of shit, as they have no discipline and lust for drugs. India doesn't seem to have this mentality; this creates a lot of wasted life, as people perform low output occupations.
In 2016 (I think), India had the largest protest ever, of like 10 Million people... but for 1 day. It really did nothing. But my goodness, is that a lot of people protesting and coordinating at once - that is the beauty of India. Because they don't have that 'blame someone else' mentality, because they are so non-violent, because they glorify unity, commonality, and a shared spirit, their size is able to grow to unfathomable proportions.
I think it will be decades until India converts their mentality to an aggressive, free-market society, but it will be super cool when they do. It'd be nice having such spiritually connected people playing the game.
@_date: 2019-06-30 13:31:05
It's is probably better to promote "1 Bitcoin = 1 Million Dollars"
Then you can say, "and each Bitcoin dollar has 100 cents in it, so each Bitcoin is 1 Million Bitcoin dollars, or 100 Million pennies, of Bitcoin (called Satoshi)."
@_date: 2019-04-25 10:47:50
Actually good advice downvoted. Typical.
@_date: 2019-04-25 22:01:25
Could you fork ETH code base using lightning?
@_date: 2019-12-14 19:07:20
If you are an *actual* trader, I would suggest placing a HUGE buy wall at $6,200.
There is a big whale moving the market right now, and in order for him to profit, he must get BTC in-between $6,100 to $6,300 for a split second of time.
But the good news? BTC will climb to $8,000 like a weak later... instant 30% return on investment.
This is basically what happened in the last 'dip'. The whale had to get BTC to crack $7,000 to profit, but once it did, and dipped to $6,500, he then had to instantly rebuy all the BTCs he had burrowed from the exchange houses (shorted), and that brought the price to $10,500 in 2 days.
That is what is going on right now; a sophisticated whale is leverage shorting BTC using exchange house funds - where as with Options you buy a contract that is responsive to price, with Shorting you get loaned actual BTC from exchanges to flood onto the market. So with Options you *react* to the market, and with Shorting you *alter* the market.
There are a lot of indications that these huge dips and huge rebounds exactly 1 month apart are signals that a loan of BTC is being given and then repaid, in under 30 days (presumably to meet some sort of financial reg).
If you have no BTC, sure, buy in at any price, now is fine. But if you are trader who already owns BTC and instead want max profit... set your Buy Wall to around $6,200. It should be hit between the 19th and 25th. And after this split second dip, it should sky rocket to $8k when the loan gets repaid.
If you are a leverage holder of BTC, take out loans, whatever you need to do, to get your call number below $5,900.
The more people that act responsibly like this, the less people profit by doing this sort of behavior.
What we are seeing right now is NOT indicative of demand coming and going, but of a sophisticated investor busting those who were leveraged in with too high of Calls, and being unresponsive to the market.
Once this guy stops, I think BTC will settle around $8k, personally. But I also think (if successful) he might try again in January one last time, so be cautious. If he busts $6,500 and price dips *only* to $6,400... then he lost the game, and won't try again in Jan, my prediction - but I think he'll do whatever it takes to bust $6,500.
I would not be surprised if the exchanges shared with him exactly how many folks will be forced into a margin sell at each quantity and price - so he knows exactly how much he stands to make for driving a price to X figure, and can act accordingly: he has a lot more information than you do.
@_date: 2019-12-11 18:30:40
The biggest problem with 'media' is the News Feed.
I recognize it as unnatural. I follow say 150 people, and the most 'polarizing' people (as mentioned by Jack) are ALWAYS top of mind in the News Feed - maybe 90% of my news feed is filled by extremist - who might be only 10% of what I follow.
'News Feed' is the real kicker. If Facebook, Reddit, Twitter can force-feed either 'climate FUD' or 'political FUD', then they can in a sense direct a narrative.
Granted, people are still people and avoid falling victim to one dimensional thinking, but it takes root and influences over time - especially if it already agrees with our predetermined biases. Like poor hating rich, black hating white, and so on.
@_date: 2019-02-19 00:36:35
lol, that is a fair prediction. I always presume a market gets more intelligent with time, but who knows - so I'll start selling $80k and buy $40k.
I had a guy (with a big following) in twitter talk about how he used "math" to exact a prediction, saying Bitcoin would go between $3 and $300,000 in 2019. I say his math is bad and I'll wager $3,000 it does not hit $200,000 in 2019 - he backed down. If you can't bet on your predictions, what is the point?
I think it is totally reasonable to take out a 1:1 margin loan Bitcoin will be over $8k at some point during 2019 - I think the worst has passed ($3,200).
@_date: 2019-12-07 01:17:17
Huge gains... and new wealth not planning appropriately for taxes. But calculating 12/31/19 for final numbers.
Taxes are in Cash, not BTC. So if you profited hugely at $20k, then you might of had a huge bill even when the price was $3k... someone could have sold at $13k and rebought at $7k, and now sell to pay taxes for the initial sale.
@_date: 2019-12-06 22:21:27
That's an absolutely ridiculous thought process lol.. In STABLE environments, 50% reduction of rations has a HUGE effect.
Imagine 50% less oil EVERY 4 YEARS.  Right now, we have enough oil for like 150 years @ $50 per barrel. Imagine if it was more like 10 years - that's ridiculous.
Right now one BTC is $7k. In 2021 I bet nobody will every own a whole Bitcoin again, who has a family to support while working.
Once BTC is $30k and if it grows to $60k next time... then $120k... that's faster than most people can save.
But the other point, that 'smaller impact', could be true in regards to LIQUIDITY; each halving a smaller number of coins makes a larger impact. If Satoshi was to liquidate 300,000 coins, then that is 360 days of output. In 2025 that will be TWO YEARS.
Today about $5 Mil in a daily liquidation has an impact. From $13k to $6.5k was a $2 Bil sell-off IMO.
Today it takes about 1,000 coins to move the market. In 2022 it could take only 100.
That's why DOWN SPIKING will become increasingly common. Individuals holders will go broke or liquidate all at once, and as more holders get rich, that increases the number of chances for a massive instantaneous selloff.
You'll start to see bigger selloffs with HUGE buy walls 60% and 50% below peak. At some point, the seller 'most at risk' will be weeded out, and the market will mature.
Then you'll see 70% and 60% walls... once BTC goes 4 years without a 50% draw down.
You profit about 100x more leverage buying in ultra-depressed troths and sell multiples of x (like 0.5x) at daily gains of 40% or more, and 3 month gains of 400%.
Even in the halving, price could go $7k to $21k in 3 months, but it won't go $7k to $120k in 6 months.
Selling a portion at $21k and rebuying at $16k is a 30% gain... that might happen like 4 times a year. If you are leveraged in right, then that 30% gain with 25% of your stack is 15% overall vs original investment - but that math is complicated. ($100k for $8k coins = 12.5 Coins (1 block today - 2 blocks in 2021) - leverage with 50% = 25 Coins. Price peaks to $26k in the next 3 months, sell 25% = 6.25 Coin - Rebuy $20k = $38k profit on $100k investment - if done only once per year).
@_date: 2019-12-06 15:48:26
BTC is reducing rations by 50% starting in May (and for forever). Price should begin peaking February.
But there may be a big tax bill sell off Jan 15th. That happens.
@_date: 2019-04-08 23:22:34
"unspent bitcoin" is all Bitcoins. Unspent **sent from** an address is the intended application of this tool.
So say you gave your brother $25 of BTC some years ago and you ask him where it is and he says he spent it on Stream games. You can use this tool to proving he is a lying asshole, and snag his bitcoins if you still have the private key.
Most block explorers look up coins *sent to* 1 address, this looks up coins *sent from* 1 address (and have not be sent again).
@_date: 2019-12-11 21:51:09
Ya. I hate the faux ‘you should work for free’ &amp; ‘we ain’t in it for the money’ mantra some pretend. Everyone is working an angel. Square’s is obvious : spread distributed money, follow up with distributed Twitter &amp; Square.
I’m HAPPY Jack addressed the News Feed issue. That is the main thing that gets me anti-social media : News Feed.  It’s more like ‘control the narrative’ feed and it’s worth a LOT of money but reduces quality an epic ton. Like News Feed breeds social hatred, they all do.
So I was neutral toward Jack before cause I don’t support ‘virtue signaling’ behavior or trust Twitter admins to properly regulate ‘political ads’ - and I’m bitter about them blocking conservatives and promoting liberal extremists.
But this thought process is the right one. And Jack’s work in Africa is also more correct - more important than Lightning to me is spreading distributed venture investment opportunities, which Bitcoin does as a base layer but none utilize or promote. I think this is where Jack is going in 2 yrs time.
Cause you can’t invest without knowing somebody, and without Twitter (or similar) I can’t know somebody in Africa, etc. So combine Twitter and Bitcoin plus social smarts and I think you have the great prosperity that Bitcoin has truly promised begin.
Store of Value is one thing, but globally transferable investment resource is best - best use case of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-04-07 04:17:16
Some things that are sort of funny in hindsight:
* NASDAQ $3,200 - Today $8,000 (2.5 x)
* S&amp;P $1,600 - Today $2,900
* DOW $14,600 - Today $26,400
* Gold $1,600 - Today $1,300
* OIL $100 - Today $70
Bitcoin $100 - Today $5,000
@_date: 2019-04-05 10:06:27
I think it’s more like 3x. But a fee bump is more bytes, so think it’s technically more like:
5 sat x 200 = 1,000 (orig)
10 sat x 350 = 3,500 (bump)
@_date: 2019-04-25 21:58:35
Please don’t be an anti-dentite.
@_date: 2018-11-28 12:44:12
There are 3 metrics to look at:
* Market Cap


* Daily EXPENSES - not volume


* Rate of change


BTC mints 1,800 coins per day. ETH 19,000 coins.
As an EXPENSE that means:
$7.2 Mil daily BTC
$2.0 Mil daily ETH
$0.3 Mil BCH
$0.1 Mil BSV
While ETH is 1/7 Market Cap it is 1/4 BTC daily sales. While BCH is 1/25 Market Cap it is 1/25 sales. Lastly, for ETH and BTC to achieve equal Market Cap, ETH needs ~50% more daily sales than Bitcoin.
As a business man, you want to know these things:
* Rate of minting + schedule (remarkably impossible for ETH)
* Rate of development + source of funding (impossible for ETH, somehow)
* And then Market Cap
Market Cap is a list of liabilities. Even if BSV was to become $4,000 by demand, this would increase liabilities 100x meaning some old ‘holders’ at $100 are now selling for $4,000, as it’s worth their time to sell - not because they like BSV.
You really can’t judge one without all the others, IMO. And these crypto coins are surprisingly cavalier about keeping customers in the dark of their ‘decentralized’ financial arrangements and business plans. How ETH can justify denying 75% of their coin holders votes and still call themselves ‘decentralized’ I will never know - it’s clearly a security but whatever. It’s not like Apple owns all their stock, it’s that they control expenses and minting, same as ETH - but unlike ETH it is regulated.
At some point people will realize coins are little different than shares of stock and give people a loud voice in direction which projects should take, but that is not this day.
@_date: 2018-11-09 22:22:07
Bitcoin cannot be worth more than economic growth / new issuance.
If one is to reduce new issuance to say 1 coin per year, then value of 1 coin = total annual economic growth (if it became the world currency). This would create a liability (all prior holders) who now must sell, but after a long.. time price would stabilize at 1 coin = economic growth (or percent of growth allocated to gold vs alternatives).
Sure, something else could attempt to overtake it, but I would see this as quite a challenge as BTC has 'good enough' properties for customer use. Without adding in a political system, and huge propaganda attached, I couldn't see the 'common man' desiring a change - in the same way many people still use Gold even though BTC has significant use advantage. The old system lingers far longer (like 40 years) than one might suspect from a utilitarian perspective.
Once equilibrium is established, growth would be around 5% per year, which would be freaking amazing. Not a miracle in a box, but still... imagine earning 5% interest on everything that you had ever saved, ever - and applying that worldwide. That would be so cool (if it worked out that way).
@_date: 2018-11-07 23:32:39
I have a reply for you, but it is too long (understandably) for these forums (auto-mod removed). But it can still be found. *What is the city-state political system?*
@_date: 2018-11-09 22:59:25
Currency is easier with stable value. Goods become cheaper (lower quality) over time, while BTC is set to become more scarce, thus unlikely stable value. Sure, one can always convert (as they do now), but few things can be fairly priced in Bitcoin today, and remain so at the same quantity (beyond a year, or a few months).
Fiat solves by preventing value appreciation, creating stable value while discouraging fiat savings. This is done (generally) by 'quantitative easing' but essentially is just a method of printing money, and then deciding how to spend it. Roosevelt proposed the 'new deal' as opposed to low interest business loans (prime method today) - so with fiat producers have predictable costs, revenues, and their competition is vs other producers (not gold), so there is some form of equilibrium that seems to have worked (as technologies change) - and living standards increase (vs gold hoarding economies).
Going back to Germany, and that riddle above, they decided instead of selling the guns, they would use them to forcibly acquire the gold through violence (or you could say fork off). As their scientific achievement, societal structure, and production capabilities were vastly superior to (most) neighbors, this was an easy accomplishment - this is little different than ASIC monopolization, frankly: simply an alternative way to dominate the marketplace, outside of a standard exchange.
Regarding the tax, yes, that is a solution. In 1913 the federal US tax rate was 1% with a [super tax]( of up to 6%. Imagine having no tax on BTC profits lol.
Regarding Germany, it was a huge mix of things. French influence was trying to acquisition some parts using a cultural war (kind of how Israel acquires sections of Palestine through settlements), while Russian Marxism was on the rise, France was also threatening them militarily. Add to that, they were saddle with a huge reparations tax (war costs), which in effect had Germans paying unheard of tax bills. Add more Germans were some of the most industrious producers throughout Europe (and was a relatively huge cultural region, double the population of France, at the time), and had a comparatively regal history.
You could sort of imagine the sentiment as how Americans feel today, if Canada and Mexico were both perceived as threats and constantly trying to invade, while our country was socially divided and economically stagnant. The transition from world power to virtually evaporated was ultrafast. This was the leading reason why Adolf suggested leaving the world system, and isolating the economy - and the Westerns tolerated it because they knew the original deal was unfair. Shortly after Germany did this, their scientific production was so grand they were able to match the rest of the world toe for toe. Japan executed something similar.
Adolf, the unwanted child, was a huge socialist, and his system of education and child development is still one of the strongest forms I have seen from any political representative. The forceful rapid development of children into productive life was a significant transition. It provided Germany insane GDP growth, which they were able to capture by refusing to trade in the world system. Yet, without a buyer for their products, they decided to use them instead, which was done in the way of tanks, u-boats, and so forth.
@_date: 2018-11-16 13:32:42
Aside fear mongering, you absolutely want checkpoints - preferably every 2 hours. Anyone who says otherwise is thoughtless.
It’s a flaw in wallet design they don’t come up more frequently.
@_date: 2018-11-30 13:04:51
Or his daughter is not a paid banker schill like those other children who don’t understand BCH &amp; everything else in life is a conspiracy to take down the only joy I have - and the source for my financial salvation after years of drunken lazy argumentative menial performance.
Those paid banker schill children are the worst and I see them everywhere - all through the grocery store I KNOW they are FUDing me for my moon lambo Bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-11-30 22:22:22
You are right! I can destroy Bitcoin with 'banker shill' thoughts! :)
@_date: 2018-11-24 22:47:31
This is one of the first times I've become apprehensive. This is the likely cause: 
Prices (often) fall around these times, as I think it's some rule that you can't be holding crypto while regulating on it, and the regulators buy lots of crypto (or it could be for some other reason, that ties in with regulatory events).
That means we got *maybe* another week of selling. Typically, after these events crypto recovers significant value. My personal estimate is back to $5k or $6k. But still, that's 2 weeks away - and if it goes below $2k I'll become very concerned in the meantime.
Anyways, here's to wishing everyone the best and a happy holidays =)
@_date: 2018-11-25 04:59:12
It certainly COULD BE, but BCH has checkpoints now. Absolutely no reason to be hashing at a loss at this point.
Plus, BCH rented tons of hash (from where?). Once they are done renting, does it go back to BTC? Does that mean BTC miners going bankrupt? Does that mean BTC miners selling BTC to pay for bills?
The bankrupting of the lone BTC miners (which continues long after the hash wars end) could have quite a negative effect, not sure... but can't imagine it to be positive.
@_date: 2018-11-23 15:14:38
Agreed BTC is not a currency in *that sense*.  If it falls by 50%, it’s not money IMO. However, it is NOT stock, so a currency by SEC standards.
I wrote a LONG essay here on [investing]( that nobody liked. But, *sniff sniff*, I do reference thinking in terms of decades. Of all the ‘feel good’isms about losing lots of money, at least this is accurate.
Taleb’s book Antifragile is actually quite excellent. His others (Black Swan, FBR, &amp; BoP) are amateurish in the literal, but Antifragile is worded gold. It’s a smart book, and yes *real people with real millions* think in decades and generational wealth.
Clearly BTC had been overmarketed. There should have been wide community consensus to sell at $13k. Everyone knew that was too much. This is a fault to not make ‘reasonable’ projections. Hint: $250k ain’t happening, ever (or at least until 2025).
BTC is tech and one should never project tech over 3 years out - everyone knows that. Over the next three years, one might expect the following ranges:
* $2k to $30k - 2019
* $10k to $100k - 2020 (bubble starts)
* $30k to $150k - 2021 (bubble height)
* With a sizable crash to $30k or less by 2022
In 2020 / 2021 you MUST SELL BITCOIN. Everyone should sell. If we promote this message we all profit. Sell above $40k (I’ll likely sell at $80k). But as a community we should ALL agree to sell at $40k: that’s just healthy.
If we all sell at $40k, the crash will be minimal. Thus marketing efforts improved. In 2025 (IF IT MAKES IT THAT FAR) things change as 95% of all coins are distributed - today it’s like 83%.
The math behind this is complex, but in short HOLDERS will substantially control the value, as opposed to new minting today. Over the next 6 yrs BTC has huge costs to pay - after 2025 this drops to under 1% year, tops.
Once (nearly) all coins become distributed, BTC will hold value. At that time, the check point system put in place by BCH will be necessary to adopt. Anyone speaking out against it now is an ignorant anus, like those telling people to buy at $15k and up - thoughtless drones feeding a fat system.
The chech point system is GOOD and NECESSARY; and so is selling at $40k. Promote economic flexibility, and we all profit. Read Antifragile, don’t watch the news, twitter. Get smarter. Hope this helps.
If you are a young blood, read Zero to One. If you worry about money &amp; not income, do Antifragile. That’s all one should need for investment advice, for now.
@_date: 2018-11-23 19:08:10
I actively trade and enjoy the risk... I’ll start selling at $40k.
@_date: 2018-11-07 03:32:01
Well, I couldn’t agree more.
Refignation? YES!
@_date: 2018-11-27 19:07:09
I will explain it with more numbers. Think of BTC like this: "There is some demand." What is the Demand for BTC?
You can factor this by examining *stable* price.
If $4,000 is the stable price, demand is $2.6 Bil / annually. Will that be forever? Who knows, but this is what the market believes, today. But there are $2.6 Bil of coins paid for USD (or Yuan) costs - at $4,000. Either these guys pay their bills, or they buy BTC themselves by holding and pay bills from cash reserves - either ways it equates to $2.6 Bil of *projected* current demand.
Now if you cut the payouts in half, and demand remains constant or grows (which is always will - imagine investing in Amazon and then they announce a 50% cost reduction COMPANY WIDE - without any noticeable loss of consumer or company benefits, more demand or less?), then the stable value necessarily doubles to $8,000.
It is mathematically impossible for it not to, under the same conditions at which $4,000 was stable.
However, you'll have some swing in there, as the price moves way above, and then way below, to find equilibrium.
A 50x reduction at the demand that justifies BTC at $4k as stable, forcibly increasing the price to $200,000 - but in reality it would go to $1 Mil and then down to like $500k. Why over $200k?
Because an asset that is 99.5% issued is far more stable than an asset that is 83% issued. 83% issued relies upon *significant* future demand, and variables. 99.5% issued relies on hardly any future demand at all - only prior.
So you have the 2 issues that drive demand with halving:
* The doubling of price, due to 50% reduction of expenses, and
* The added value of being closer to 100% complete.
At the current rate, BTC becomes complete at the following schedule (*approx*):
* 90% 2020
* 94% 2024
* 96% 2028
* 97% 2032
* 98% 2040
* 99% 2056
@_date: 2018-11-25 11:30:00
Much of these answers are wrong. 650,000 coins / yr IS a lot of coin. $50,000 ain’t happening next year. 2020 maybe, but not 2019 - almost definitely round 2021.
However there is a catch, which is how ‘stupid’ is the average Bitcoin’er loyalist? One knows there are exactly 2.4 millions coins printing during this cycle. The price has declined 80%. That means it takes exactly 480,000 BTCs expertly traded and reinvested to capture the entirity of the new supply for 4 years.
This is how you want to think of supply. I know a lady who called the top perfectly and is still sitting on a few mil, ready to reinvest at the right price. The more BTC loyalist call tops / bottoms perfectly, the fewer coins it takes to create price stability. And this is internal stability NOT new comer money.
But unfortunately BTC loyalist are quite bad at price predictions :(
The fewer coins minted per day, the fewer people it takes to control supply, perpetually. For BTC it won’t get easy until 2040.
@_date: 2018-11-28 15:58:55
I did sell 1% @ $4,200.
Going all in at $2,500 Feb 2019. Mark it down gents.
@_date: 2018-11-28 00:10:54
@_date: 2018-11-28 18:25:18
Thank you.
And good luck to everyone else who is 100% BTC long or 100% Cash long, and everyone else who has some position in between.
@_date: 2018-11-12 15:01:17
The public could soft fork a reduction to 0.25 BTC / block at any time, if they so choose.
@_date: 2018-11-25 04:52:31
Yes, I'll be writing an article on things to do during the downtown. I feel increasingly confident 2019 will be a terrible year (bouncing between $2,000 and $8,000).
I'll be honest, I will probably owe another fuck ton of taxes this year :( - I grabbed one of the best ICOs ever (Odem). And now my 'huge profits' will become pure tax bills :***( - SHOULD OF GRABBED THE CASH!
But you are correct. Other things to do during downtimes:
Look for spots (ETH in 2019 will be stronger than BTC ... sub 0.03 is a good value - I'm going to hit it at 0.025 if I can, on Jan 10th).
Write BTC books (I'm doing this) and promote your celeb status. The crypto guys are dead, and the community will become small. Easier to promote yourself and become 'the next Andreas'.
Continue with my crypto project. Not much else to do anyways, and if it hangs in through the bubble, I'm golden.
Become thrifty as all shit. 2019 and early 2020 may be rough - need to scale down.
Pay off tax bills.
Study C++, more coding, etc. I'm doing this, but I think I'll have 18 months of slowness in crypto (no ICOs to research), so going to try and get listed as a BTC contributor =)
Buy hype computers for all the family members I can find ages 14 through 18 and pay them to study programming for me. I've learned kids work long hours, are cheap, and love money. I got a nephew I think I can make into a $100k / yr worker by the time he's 16. If he works for me for $40k for 1 year, that's huge profits - investment cost is $500 (computer) plus $5,000 pay-for-performance, that's a great value.
Develop structured buy / sells. I had been planning this, and lost a lot of money putting it off. Going to finalize a 4 year trading plan, with 100 different price points to buy and sell at, to profit marginally from volatility (not cash profits, but BTC profits).
My crypto networks are already pretty good, but for others I might recommend expanding upon that. My objective will be in developing my investor networks, and programming student networks. Those guys can be turned into gold mines if you use them right.
And in 2021 I'm going to make sure to pay my fucking taxes timely and party hard. Fuck hodling haha, or these $250k stupid bets. Once BTC hits $40k to $100k in 2021, sell that shit, pay taxes, and party.
@_date: 2018-11-15 23:04:59
The question is ultimately this:
**New Coin Users** = Some % BTC **+** Some % New People &amp;
**BTC Users** = Some Q Before **+** Some Q After
If BTC increases Q After, then worst case is objectives have been correctly aligned. If Q is far less, then a multitude of reasons can be the cause - but if the fork is pulling BTC users without a plan for organic growth, that’s misaligned incentives.
What is the plan for growth?


How will this benefit BTC?


@_date: 2018-11-28 18:16:53
You are unhinged.
@_date: 2018-11-12 10:29:19
A ‘halving’ is a clear time when price should rise (2x or more). 100x, 20x are speculative but 2x is basic.
I think most are thinking $6,500 is the low, thus I fear $4,500 as a real low. If most saw $6,500 as ‘fair price’ then I wouldn’t fear $4,500 - excess holding now causes me to fear further dips.
Your magnatude point is correct. Not *exactly* correct, but I fully agree $450,000 is out of the question, because that implies the average believes BTC may have $157 Bil in new revenue over the next 4 years, which is simply too high a percent of GDP.
My high-end is like $50 Bil, expectation $15 Bil, and low-end $4 Bil (for 2021).
@_date: 2018-11-13 07:54:50
Antifragile is a great book. Black Swan OK. Fbr and bed are retold in BS.
@_date: 2019-01-15 19:04:06
While generically I'd say everything about this method is wrong, but by and large the big overall points are likely correct.


The things that this sort of method fails on, hugely... (and if you want to actually get intelligent to immunize yourself from this sort of BS, read *Antifragile*... it's long, do the audiobook if you like) is the following:
* BTC is new tech


* BTC has substantial *area of exposure*


Then there are other weird properties that are more complex to consider.
1) BTC is currently worse than Gold at the raffle ticket mechanic, but beats gold in 2025... What would that do if BTC retains similar dominance till then? $250k could be too low.
2) Threat of future supply *drastically* decreases by 2028... falling from 20% to 3%. Also making it relatively immune from someone *improving* the raffle ticket mechanic in future (3% too marginal). What does this do for value? $1 Mil could be too low.
3) As volume increases, as prices fluctuate, the % of concentrated holding is likely to increase hugely. Right now maybe 30% of coins are held by 1%'ers... but in 2028 maybe 65% of coins... allowing them to play with markets and make money from volatility, etc. Once again this makes value increase more than *typical* predictions.
4) Rate of new customer acquisition is not infinite. At $1 Mil per coin and an issuance of 82,000 coins (2028) that's $82 Bil annually.... that's a lot of NEW customer acquisition. Also, any minor disadvantages become more apparent with scale, so...maybe $1 Mil too high, etc.
There is a lot going on, but the main thing to consider is that predictions beyond like 2023 are TOO *knowing* of future events. And the most glaring flaw of Bitcoin becomes mute in 2028... but there are 9 years &amp; $180 Bil of new sales necessary between now and then. 


@_date: 2018-11-09 20:31:57
When the inflation crisis hit Europe in 1930, it was because of Gold that it became such a problem. I don't consider Einstein wise in politics and economics, but his observations here are likely independent and accurate. He states that America was destroying, just absolutely annihilating, Europe economically at this time. Not in production, but Gold acquisition. In effect, America had established a thrifty lifestyle coupled with a hard-work ethic, along with an inter-state competition for 'European' gold - and they were crushing.
Einstein says that while manufacturing increased, wages remained stagnant. Thus, with more goods less workers were needed to maintain a consistent standard of living. Add to that America had a 'low-class' culture (relative to Europe), there was little demand for these finer things. And as we already had a relatively large portion of Gold, we were sort of like early Bitcoin hoarders - we hoarded gold early, and kept hoarding gold late. This caused fiat systems to crumble.
I will pose you a riddle, before I go further (if interested).
* Year 1 - You make 1,000 guns, exchanged for 1 gold bar
* Year 2 - You make 10,000 guns, exchanged for 1 gold bar
* Year 3 - You make 100,000 guns, exchanged for 1 gold bar.
* Year 4 - You make 1 million guns.
How do you avoid the trap of production losing to currency appreciation?
@_date: 2018-11-26 22:22:03
I'll take it haha! Thank you :)
@_date: 2018-11-28 20:13:18
This paper is 64 pages, very numerically and mathematically driven. I can't even begin to comment on most of this. Nassim Taleb (Antifragile) would suggest they have gotten too caught up in the weeds, and missed the forest or what have you, in terms of price valuations, IMO.
But I think everyone else should judge for themselves. As a clip, the highest predictive price they come to for Bitcoin is $8,000 by 2022. Like I said, I can't respond to the complexity of the math, but I feel confident that it is going to be off by at least 500%.
I would wager they do not have a stake, and would have never foreseen the price of $100 to $1,000 or $200 to $20,000.
@_date: 2018-11-12 09:15:55
The bull market last halving was shorter (1 yr, 2015) vs this halving (2yrs, 2016-2018). So maybe the 2020 will go from 2019 to 2022 or 2020 to 2023.
But the peak, decline may be similar - $1,100 peak to $200 decline - vs $20,000 peak to X decline. Is X $5,500? Many suspect 2019 might hold $4,500 price points to mirror past events.
I think 2019 might get as low as $4,500. In theory, this could suggest a $450,000 spike in 2021 with a $90k stable value. Instead I am hoping people sell @ $80k and force a $40k stable value or similar. Also I think the numbers are getting to big for another 100x rise. I think 20x this time, realistically.
@_date: 2018-11-09 21:01:52
In a fiat economy, yes that is so. In a fixed money supply economy, it's infinitely more difficult. What business investment will yield more profit than Bitcoin? Take a relatively modest 18 month expected return on investment of $40,000 - how can you beat that?
In small pockets it is possible, but for a mass of society? That is a nightmare. So what you'd end up happening is an exact repeat of what happened before in the 1930's, and that is that economies went bust - as production soared while earnings evaporated.
One advantage of BTC over Gold is that it MUST be paid out to equipment manufacturers, creating a more natural market equilibrium. At 4% per year, this is relatively high, and even at 2% it will be higher than most understand. However, long-term, this is not a suitable 'distribution of wealth' as we have lost the 'one-cpu-one-vote' intentions set forth by the White Paper.
IMO, CPUs are not a reliable metric for distribution of currency, and instead we should revert to a more people oriented system. One concept is to distribute currency to system contributors in addition to miners. But that creates a whole other can of worms, which presents a new puzzle. Can it be solved?
@_date: 2018-11-25 13:46:57
It can by a soft fork that reduces issuance from 12.5 BTC / block to 0.25 BTC / block. That reduces annual power consumption by 98%, and would drive the price up to several hundred thousand per coin.
I'm a little confused on the rules of this sub regarding soft forks. Advocating hard forks is not allowed, and segwit was clearly 'controversial' but was allowed. Not sure if this was a 'mods like it, so it's ok' rule, or if advocating soft forks would be permitted.
If so, I'd gladly advocate to soft fork BTC to 0.25 per block. This fixes 99.9999% of the issues we have today.
@_date: 2018-11-25 15:52:20
That is a very interesting link and perspective, thank you!
@_date: 2019-01-08 20:25:05
It's best not to think of it this way. When people revolt, it's like someone breaking up with a terrible spouse. While some do it gladly, most say "But I'd LOVE it if we stayed together - all you need to change is... everything about you, and we'd be perfect!!"
What people need is an entirely new governmental system - at all levels. As Malcolm X would say, 'any time you find the government violating the civil rights of a people you are wasting your time going to that government expecting redress.' He goes on to suggest doing so is like arguing with a thief of the wrongness or rightness of his actions - instead of taking him to a world court.
The way to deal with criminal governments is either taking them to a world court (Gilets Jaunes) or through the formation of large scale, well-networked secret societies (Franklin's preference) - **there is ABSOLUTELY no way to COMPROMISE**. The advantage the colonist had is that they compromised in 1675 (Winthrop) and again in 1689 (Andross) - and each time the king betrayed his commitments. In short, without the ability to check the king or government, there is no use in seeking his agreement or promises.
But it is virtually useless to attempt to communicate this to the masses. Even in the American Revolt, perhaps only 10% of the population supported the cause and no sensible leader ever wanted a true, rebellion. It's far wiser to simply steal yourself off within a new political system, until the old one grows impotent.
The only reason the American Revolt began (in a military fashion) is because Regulars were storming colonial safe-houses. If you left it up the Franklin and his crew, he probably would have been happy to build up his army in secret for decades, until absolute victory was secured and inevitable. It is always the oppressor who must act first to prevent this prosperity - lest the better ways shine through as a fully formed flower which can no longer be denied.
The entirety of Franklin's life, from his Almanac to his Junto to his Pseudonymous critiques, were in preparation for the American Rebellion and he acted for 50 years empowering the American Colonist - so that they could win the fight, and they did so, just barely. Breeding powerful men and women is a terrible undertaking but without them, we lack the force to erase historical error; And there is no army, nor rebellion, of one.
@_date: 2018-11-12 15:34:04
$250k is reachable 2025, not before (IMO).
$250k as stable price means $82 Bil in annual inflation, coin minting. Global GDP increases $3,600 B / yr. That’s over 2% of 1 yr global wealth put into BTC.
Gold dilutes about $5 Bil year, about the same as BTC now - and seems to be holding steady. If all new demand for Gold shifted to BTC, and quadrupled, that’s $40 Bil / yr.
Far below demand necessary for $250k, until the next-next halving.
But the way I look at it is lows. $200 low, and now X low. Let’s say 2019 = $4k low. That might suggest a future low (2022) around $80k. I think it is wise if everyone sells around said price ($80k), even if it spikes for 1 week much higher. Establishing a strong low, which can be achieved through smart selling, rebuying is the only way to keep BTC price high &amp; keep consumers happy.
@_date: 2018-11-28 15:02:37
That's all marketing - I'm happy with you to campaign as you like, but it's an untrue, literal, statement. What you can claim is that BCH *was* decentralized and *became* increasingly centralized as the price fell.
But any claim that miners on BCH are more centralized than BTC, or that 'nodes' which Bitcoin Core CLEARLY have stated do not matter (aside the few 'super special nodes' - which are so critical that they get priority treatment, and you are a terrorist if you think otherwise) or that Development on BTC is more 'decentralized' than development on BCH or BSV... sure, there is some truth to that, but I find it quite minor - there is a LOT of centralization in development, miners, and nodes, on any Bitcoin style blockchain, and splitting hairs over the Yankees or the Mets or Dodgers as to which is the best representative for a global financial frame is quite missing the point. All are quite similar, from an outsider's perspective.
99% of people do not use Bitcoins as a store of value - for them it is all the same, relative to the WORLD at large (remember there is more to life than just Bitcoin). Of the 1% who use Bitcoin, they have hotly contested opinions over *issues*, which I care little about, because the opinionators are stupid, and their thoughts are stupid - like someone claiming the Yankees are superior financial managers to the Mets... sure, maybe.


The entirety of the decentralized history of ownership that was part of BTC went into BCH 1 for 1, up until the day of the fork. **Satoshi owns an equal amount of BCH as BSV as BTC**.
@_date: 2018-11-28 16:47:17
I can tell adoption is spreading. Is this Bitcoin Bonix?
Assist me in finding your diction.
@_date: 2018-11-12 17:18:44
That is good analysis. I hope we don’t hit $4k, and agree 100% with your timing windows.
@_date: 2018-11-09 23:55:53
That could be correct, for sure.
Fiat (plus tax) does fix the price of certain goods however. Tanks have little value (without a tax system), housing production wouldn’t have boomed (without the bailout), and auto ads which fund media companies likewise would have suffered (without the bailout), and then the investment bank bailout.
I am not saying this is effecient but I wonder what would happen without a tax / fiat system. Maybe society as a whole can adjust quickly, or maybe it gets too chaotic, I can’t say. My personal thrust is some middle ground, but I can’t say what would or wouldn’t work, in real life. Too complex for me :)
@_date: 2019-01-20 18:32:19
I'm going to setup one of those BTCPay Patreon things here in a bit.
Unfortunately there aren't enough Lightning users to justify the time sink at the moment, but over the next year I wouldn't be surprised if Lightning users increased 10 fold. My goals are to receive exactly $640 / month by 'any payment streams necessary' (apologies) for an official 501(c)3 non-profit.
The use of the funds is totally simple. We gather 8 people weekly to discuss politics and so on, and pay them each $20. Here we are on [the Yellow Vests]( but we discuss a number of other things too :)
@_date: 2018-11-23 16:19:34
That is theoretically correct, but not practically. Informed, active participants make up only 5% of the Bitcoins. The inactive, cold storage, forgetten or *long long* term’ers make up the other 95% of coin. To clarify I’m suggesting the smart, living people who care about money to sell at $40k - the socially active. That is less than 5% of Bitcoins Outstanding, I’m positive.
I also know not everyone will heed this advice, and I won’t be selling *all* my Bitcoins. Probably 25% at $40k, and the rest on up until 90% by $80k - it’s a fluid process. But if our media message is $40k, then we reduce the spike &amp; avoid buyers remorse with messages of $250k or $1 million, and so on.
I think the spike will still come regardless and people will still buy at $80k. But the point is to NOT encourage buying at $80k and to encourage selling. If we do that this next hype cycle then we will start to appear as a reliable currency, everyone active will feel rich (in BTC &amp; Cash), development will remain consistent - and our longterm reputation will be substantially improved, making the next phase of growth easier to achieve.
But yes, if all BTCs, but is suspect less than 1 Mil BTCs will follow my lead.
@_date: 2018-11-28 15:13:57
Satoshi has a metal plated cockring of his private key.
He says that the key to growing the popularity of Bitcoin is to become as absurdists as possible, and to shame others who do not have the same *understanding* of Bitcoin as those with P-key Cockrings.
And to eat dicks. Satoshi was all about eating dicks. He last words before his account went silent were, "Bitcoin could save the world from financial ruin and global malfeasance, but if the price is not $5 Bazillion dollars and it's owners not Libertarian gods driving lambos, then I will eat [1,000 goddamn dicks.](
^ Last known record of Satoshi's exploits, while being mortal.
@_date: 2019-01-26 01:47:42
Didn't he pivot to ETH?
I do enjoy Andreas' educational videos, but he's no Luke Dashjr. He's a business, posturing as a charity. The guy has made *millions* in donations and speaking fees... is he spreading this around the community or keeping it for himself?
That's the difference between people who understand developing *systemic* support vs *temporal* glory. Andreas has received *way* more compensation than anyone else, like far, far more... is he spreading *excess* BTC donations around the community from which they came? Or is he using BTC donations to leverage his ETH ventures? Or is he keeping it all?
This is why I'm somewhat against donating to people like this; without transparent finances, without a plan as to what to do *if they receive too much*, it is hard to know what's going on here. For example, I *want* to support some programmers but I fear that instead of using the donations they receive for living expenses... will they just re-donate them to other organizations, etc? And if they receive too many donations, will they fund other programmers? If the donations spike, and then drop off... will they sell themselves for ETH?
This is why donating isn't really a sustainable practice. Not saying centralized systems are necessary, but you need some sort of transparency, at a minimum, and something of a plan for situation A, B, C, etc.








@_date: 2019-01-08 08:44:14
For those wanting a quick overview of what's going on, I made a webpage to document [Gilets Jaunes](
Some of the better videos:
[December 1st]( - Things heat up
[Canada]( - In English
[January 5th]( - Founder Arrested...
[January 6th]( - French Ministry doors smashed with forklift
[January 6th]( - Huge Womens March
[January 7th]( - Parade through city
Official start date - November 17th
[Official Demands](
[Large Twitter]( - Possibly official, not sure.
For any doubting France's help during the American Revolution, recall [Marquis de Lafayette]( who threw away his fortune at age 19 to essentially join what could only be perceived as a suicide mission:


Also, for those that are unaware, the essential landscape of the Enlightenment Era, it went like this:
England, France, and Germany vs the Patriots (mostly American and French). Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Paine, and Thomas Jefferson evaluated the European landscape and decided the French, not the English, shared the most common with Enlightenment ideals. Franklin campaigned the Crown seeking to turn European armies against itself suggesting representative politics was inevitable, and Paine campaigned the Public authoring the Rights of Man (and fueling the French Revolution). Franklin was ultimately successful, and the war ended VERY shortly after the French crown joined the Patriots.
But more importantly, there were tons and tons of French volunteers who participated in the Continental army - separate from the official might of the Crown. Also, shortly after the end of the war, John Adams (a good man) was unfortunately persuaded by whispers in his ears of 'trolls and shills' to sign the Sedition Act - declaring all persons of French birth to be presumed hostile. It was a sad day - but relatively quickly repealed, by Adams himself.
Jefferson later worked with Napoleon to end the practice of colonization (in the official sense). The "Louisiana purchase" was less of a swindle (as it is presented to Americans) and more of an agreement between Jefferson and Napoleon that France had no business possessing territory beyond Europe - and continuing the English practice of 'the sun never setting' upon Empire. Napoleon, though not perfect by any means, respected merit over hereditary, and was quite ingenious.
The history of France, however, can be perceived as quite sad. In the days of Rome, their empire dominated and slaughtered the French by hundreds of thousands - over, and over again. They did so too with the English, but much less consistently. Some could argue that France has forever been underneath the boot of the Swiss-Romans ever since. Upon the storming of the Bastille, the last soldiers standing were the Swiss Guards - legendary in their support of kingdoms over the rights of people - even in foreign lands.
As soon as the French Revolution was concluded, the old masters (and kings) were beheaded. Within weeks the revolutionaries were infiltrated, controlled, and subdued - unlike the American Revolution which benefited from an ocean and months of seperation from the continental powers, France was laid bare upon a footstool. Such accessibility allowed their heroes to be slaughtered as soon as they had won, and the movement redirected to serve the greater goals of continental Europe and not those of the French people.
World War I was no victory either, for France. This was merely the subjugation of Germany. World War II was more of a joke - the French had no chance, and were again betrayed by the greater powers of Continental Europe.
And still to this day the French people suffer. Ever since the days of Rome. For 2,000 years they have suffered. They are the canaries in the coal mine, and will always be those who will suffer the most in the cause of independence.
My heart goes out to your suffering - your people deserve more love than they've been given.
@_date: 2018-11-29 00:34:14
You show like 12 graphs on like page 50. These graphs chart price and 4 years into the future starting at $6,500.
The highest predictions were $8,000.
That looks like a time and price graph. I picked the highest of 12. You *did seem to* make lots of predictions, not one. I choose one.
@_date: 2019-01-02 18:10:10
That, is not at all, how one *generally* perceives a maximalist. I will clarify:


OK, that's obvious...


What you are denying yourself is the implicit follow up statement... AND ONE SHOULD BUY BITCOIN.
As in, the whole *freaking* idea of 'supporting Bitcoin' is that you can buy shares in it, or can get paid in it by providing services to it - NOT that "obvious obvious obvious". You are absolutely falsely reflecting upon your own actions and behaviors if you *believe* that you are stating:
"Bitcoin could become really big - NEVER ACT ON THIS INFORMATION."
You 100% are suggesting to either buy it, or work for it. Or that in some way this information is useful. That's the idea behind *productive, constructive thought* that it is actionable.
The falacy is multifold:
Action 1: Buying Bitcoin




Action 2: Work for Bitcoin


You can further make some other *actionable* statements such as, working for Bitcoin will pay better in the future than it does now (self-referential), but again, you should omit the comparison to other products *because you are not even analyzing other products*.
There is the action, which is inherently evil, which I will state as:
Action 3: Slave, Donate to Bitcoin


That's a very bold and malicious lie to sell ignorant people, but perhaps that is how one justifies their actions: knowledge of God, etc.
But assuming imperfect understanding, you make statements to direct *positive* action, which can either be working for Bitcoin (for money, or some convertibility thereof), or to invest in Bitcoin (for money, or some convertibility thereof for goods, services, skills, etc).
In either situation, you are ABSOLUTELY ignorant to believe *at all times* Bitcoin will outperform *every other asset ever*, IMO. History says you are wrong, but who knows the future... maybe starting tomorrow BTC begins a straight upward trajectory - or *paying* jobs working for BTC open at an unlimited rate. If not, you are giving bad *implied* advice. And you know that is what you are implying... same as those who say *bitcoin is sound money*... the implication is clear "buy Bitcoin" not "let's bullshit and waste our lives as if we are idiots, together".
So to clarify where you are wrong:
1) You make a *relative statement* that is clearly historically and *probably futuristically* inaccurate - at certain points in time.


If it has already accrued the most value (which it has), then your statement is meaningless - but as you imply about the *future* your statement is easily interpreted as *relative to all others*... "accrue the most value, relative to all others"... and then you have to make the *natural* followup (for educated investors) "to come"... as in, the value is not already priced in, as a % of product... thus you mean to say (with full clarity):
"accrue the most value - as a percentage to current value - relative to all others"
This is clearly your implication, but this is also clearly wrong, historically (and frankly is a nonsense statement).
Your other alternative is to clarify your meaning, "accrue the most users - providing the most job opportunities"... this may come to be true, but I would disagree based on what I see from Ethereum vs Bitcoin, historically.
I will help you craft an actually true statement, that communicates what I believe you intend to communicate, without the brain washing:


Stating the current, actual, negative is generally much more accurate than stating the positive... or to put another way "It is unlikely Bitcoin will suddenly be worth $0, as comparative to any other choice, as of Jan, 2019."
Predicting the future, such as "nothing will ever be better than Bitcoin" is a pretty wild assumption - and particularly when you add in the relative aspects which applies to new users - "nothing will ever be better than Bitcoin, at every possible moment in time". Such as statement is truly fanatical, and the tell-tale sign of the maximalist, religious extremist.
I think it's also *very fair* to say that "And I believe the value of Bitcoin today will be worth more any Bitcoin 4 years into the future" - this is self-referential, and doesn't *assume* limitations upon the outside world. As in, Bitcoin obeys the rules of Bitcoin, but it does not say "and everyone else, throughout time, will obey Bitcoin rules, or they are cheating" - such a statement restricting the future moment of others is oppressive, in thought, and in action.
If you were honest with yourself, and stated the *implied* action aloud, whatever you intend that to be, I am positive you'd find that:
1) Either your words are meaningless, as you take no accountability for action, or
2) Your words are extraneous, as you add salesman filler beyond what you intend to convey, or
3) You would regret your words as false.
I do have great respect for you, but you should be honest with yourself, and communication with others, if your intent is to be honest.
I often deceive. I make this plain, for the educated audience, and belligerent to the uneducated. Regardless of my intentions, I know I will be wrong, often - therefore, I adhore the responsibility of being right - and "knowing the future" (beyond explicit instruction or fantastical jest).
But if you are one who believes themselves to be one who can "identify scams" and communicate such knowledge to others, then at a minimum you should resist *actively* scamming others, and making a false predictions of the future (that frankly is ludicrous when considered objectively) that 'Bitcoin will be the best thing ever to come for cryptocurrency - forever and ever' - and instead should limit statements to current day, the past, or the negative.
"Bitcoin has accrued the most value, has the highest new sales turnover, and is the least likely to experience a sharp decline of assets of a similar size".
That could be verified historically (ignoring tether) - and would be supported by standard economic thinking. Your other statement is NOT supported by economics, or financial thought. I have high confidence you are more experienced in programming than in finance lit. Not to be dumb about this, but how do you think I would sound making predictions about computer hardware?
Don't get me wrong, I do... I have opinions on *everything*, but I am willing to defer to others, regularly, and resist emphaticness in matters in which I am *objectively* undereducated.
If you want to talk money, you can follow me [here]( and I will show how I acquire significant shares of Bitcoins without significant work or money. I will likely cut this short, as I have no real desire to give away so much free insight - I am simply not that charitable toward the world as a whole, nor do I have so much that I can afford to sell short my future family, etc.
What you will find is that I am able to buy, hold, and trade Bitcoins for profit, by analyzing trends, etc. The statement "Bitcoin will one day be everything" is meaningless to me, because I will own more Bitcoins than I would have, had I followed that advice as if it were true every moment of every day.
Today I own more Bitcoins than I did in 2017, without a dime of added investment, and have cashed out (or diversified) 300% of my original investment. That is an action which is only profitable because you are wrong in the immediate, regardless if you prove right, one day - and if that day comes, and say it comes like a thief in the night, than I am on equal footing as I would have been, otherwise.
I strongly recommend Antifragile by Nassim Taleb, if you want to consider yourself educated in finance - and by the statements you make, you want others to consider your opinion to be one of merit, so... you do.
@_date: 2019-01-08 01:25:22
If you are new to Bitcoin, remember [this one thing]( do not FOMO. You have time. Prepare your deposits, set your limit buys, and hold


 January 21st, Crypto Winter Dies.
@_date: 2019-01-12 20:01:54
Binance does not Segwit.
@_date: 2018-11-24 19:20:18
You are foolish if you think this is amateurish. The producer already has 23 production credits:
It probably cost $20,000 to make this.
@_date: 2019-01-12 18:25:34
If someone could provide the true, max capacity data on this, I'd be interested. Pre-Segwit the *most* transactions BTC could process was 2,000 per Block. Post-Segwit I believe it's closer to 20,000 per block, however I'm uncertain. And by most I mean standard'ish transactions, not bizarre optimations. The reason for this is that weight was increased from 1 MB to 4 MB, while header stayed fixed at 550,000 Bytes... this is a 7.7x increase in transaction space, not 4x. And then the more obvious transaction bytes have decreased from 225 Byte to 170 Byte... a 24% decrease in storage requirement. So put together:
* 450,000 / 225 = 2,000 Trans (pre)
* 450,000 / 170 = 2,600 Trans (1 MB)
* 3,450,000 / 170 = 20,250 Trans (4 MB)
I was on a conference call discussing [Lightning]( the other day, and had noted the observation in a previous paper I had written using 2,000 Trans / block measurements. I updated the data post-Segwit, and at first thought it to be rather inconsequential (2,600) but when I actually followed the full calc, it came out to closer to a 10x increase, if I did it right.
@_date: 2019-01-05 03:38:49
While McAfee is a showboat, it is important to know that taxes in the US basically never existed until 1913. Taxes (until the last 50 years) were generally earmarked to a war, and then canceled after the war was over.
In 1913, taxes went from 0% to 1%, with 2%+ rates referred to as a 'Super Tax'. During the world wars, they shot up to 70% (as a high). Also, prior to FDR, there was no social security or medicare tax. So the average American pre-1913, might of never paid taxes to federal government (outside of wars, which we did engage in a lot - but generally on our own soil), and locally paid sales tax and so forth.
I think around 1935 all US military personnel, from all divisions, could fit into a football stadium, and until 1970, you had like 30 times less people held in prisons. Without mass imprisonment, without a large standing military... without extensive social programs, without grand public works... without bureaucratic government, without top down oppression - there is little need, nor the will to enforce excessive tax.


And I would go on to say it has been this way since the murder of John Kennedy, the 35th President of the United States.
The US was invaded, their people taken in, and their treasures taxed away, the same as the pharaohs or kings would have done of old. Only this time, we still call it the United States of America, when I would rather call it the colonized states of _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ , but I digress.
The Federal US tax system, which amounts to 40% of wages at virtually all levels (between social programs and federal funding) - is appalling and a disgrace. Our citizens are underdeveloped, and privileges stripped away like as if we need to ask permission for opinating, voting, thinking one way, or feeling another.
Sympathy for the people of Syria, who have war thrust upon them, is labeled cowardice, anger toward the child torture system, commonly referred to as education, is considered thoughtlessness, repulsion toward this mockery of social thought rotting our culture is called antisocial, and the desire to want something better for our youths, our family, and our communities in which we live is called bombastic; like the very air has been stolen from our lungs on the day we were born and the sheer foolhardiness of wanting to take in a deep, meaningful, free breath is something only considered by those who jest.
For we have been made to jest. Made to fool. Japed and joked.
Scum and villainy - all those who don't see the way - those who sulk and drink their sours, masterbating over games while losing the real one.
This tax is a sin. But a sin I bare - knowing, one day, I'll get it back.
The blood. And the people.
@_date: 2018-11-21 06:34:10
Not like this.... not. like. this.
@_date: 2019-01-14 05:15:56
$60,000 has a history. $60,000 'anonymous donation' doesn't.
It could be easy to have BTC at $1,000 and trade to $18,000... and now it be worth $3,000. Per IRS you have $17,000 gain x 20, plus a $15,000 loss carryforward x 20.
The loss carryforward might save 1/2 of what you paid on the gain. FAR, FAR, FAR cheaper to pay $3,000 gain ($0 to $3,000) instead of $17,000 with $15,000 deductible in the future IF you have income.
@_date: 2019-01-29 06:11:05
For the record OP is wrong, *selling Warcraft is taxable*. Selling Warcraft Gold for say... a hair dryer, is taxable at the USD value of property received. BARTERING is NOT a *legal* tax avoidance strategy.
Even if you sold Warcraft Skins for Warcraft Gold, it’s taxable.
@_date: 2019-01-14 05:15:34
$60,000 has a history. $60,000 'anonymous donation' doesn't.
It could be easy to have BTC at $1,000 and trade to $18,000... and now it be worth $3,000. Per IRS you have $17,000 gain x 20, plus a $15,000 loss carryforward x 20.
The loss carryforward might save 1/2 of what you paid on the gain. FAR, FAR, FAR cheaper to pay $3,000 gain ($0 to $3,000) instead of $17,000 with $15,000 deductible in the future IF you have income.
@_date: 2019-01-03 00:00:31
Ya cool. I was mostly trying to illustrate expressing the implied action (whatever you intend that to be), and then crafting a statement that better supports such.
I agree, no need for disclaimer (per se). The way I get around it (as mentioned) is mixing in falsities, jokes, extremism etc to deter blind following and avoid ‘moral high ground’.
For a while I had somebody following me around calling me racist every other day b/c I wasn’t living up to their ideal lol. Good luck to you :)
@_date: 2019-01-08 03:59:47
The **moon** with the power to vanquish the Bear Market approaches.
On January 21st, crypto winter dies.




The Wolf with the power to vanquish the Bear Market will be born
 the super blood moon rise...
@_date: 2019-01-12 19:05:26
On my *personal philosophical journey* this does not bother me. What I would prefer is for markets (natural markets, not *campaigns*) to better nudge people in the proper direction; I suspect this will occur in 2021, if BTC sees some sort of true high (say $60,000). The reason is that transactions are $0.05 currently. This is too inconsequential to justify any amount of computing effort to optimize costs... however.
In 2021, if $60,000... then transactions are closer to $1... even at 5 Sat / byte (VERY rough math).
At this point, people will bitch - Good, this is what I want.
* Note: Batching is more critical than Segwit


However, once fees are like $1, then Segwit will save... at least a reasonable sum. For the case of Binance, perhaps $36 / day to $13,000 per year; that is enough for the market to justify hiring of programming.
So the most critical aspect for Segwit adoption, frankly, is that fees have to increase. The best way to do this is NOT small blocks, but instead escalating the BTC price to the point that minimal Sat / Byte transfers are quite high, regardless of blocksize - this begins around the $20,000 value.
The best way to increase the Bitcoin price is to issue a soft fork decreasing the subsidy from 12.5 BTC to 0.25 BTC per block, but I know this is unpopular and the math required for understanding too complex for even the most sophisticated, so I shy away from the discussion; people grow quite fervent in their technical discussions, these days.
@_date: 2019-01-11 22:48:09
@_date: 2018-11-29 22:54:59
Ya. BS is too similar to FBR.
If I was recommending Taleb, I'd say skip the first three, start with Antifragile. That is a much more expansive book than the others.
Fooled by Randomness is a much fun book. It's like 'inside the mind of Taleb'. BS he takes the same stuff, doubles the length, and adds like 20 pages of new content... not quite worth it.
@_date: 2019-01-12 23:52:57
Why not try math? Even this reference says ‘20,000 sigs’ as a max.
It’s a lot easier to discuss math using math instead of interpreted theory. What’s the numbers you compute to numerical identify maximum number of transactions per block - using numbers?
@_date: 2019-01-30 01:53:30
@_date: 2019-01-16 01:31:03


There are *very* easy ways to prevent a 1,000 block reorg.
Also... miners are getting paid more today with 25% of the reward than from when BTC started (like 100 times more). They are getting paid more today with 50% less reward (like 10 times more). If you reduced the reward, miners would get paid more than they do now... it wouldn't take long at all for the market to adjust.
@_date: 2019-01-21 23:31:06
Good detective work :)
So sending $200 costs $220 &amp; $1,000 costs $1,100; making coinstar worth it for $500 or less: not bad. Bulk BTC over GDAX is 10% cheaper... worth the hassle for $1,000 or more. Most Money Orders are $300 to $400, so coinstar is in the mix.
@_date: 2019-01-02 18:59:32
lol about it.
I will say I regularly take coins off exchanges. I don’t buy and sell everything with *only an hours of notice*, so I download about 75% of coins *all the time*.
I’m always fearful of restrictions at in opportune times or hacks. Unfortunately I feel Proof of Keys is more likely to lose 1% of participating Bitcoins than anything else, as most people have poor backup policies or don’t really understand the risks.
@_date: 2019-01-27 19:11:25
If you summarize volume as $4 Mil pre Dec, 2017 and $8 Mil since, about 2/3's of Venezuelans who've purchased BTC have lost money.
If I were to guess this volume near the start of 2020 could easily jump to $40 Mil. Presuming recovery, that would mean about 2/3 of purchasers would have gained money.
Considering volume grew in a losers market, I would expect it to be exponential in a winners market.
@_date: 2019-01-22 21:33:59
Better is Price Cost Averaging. A simple method is the following:
Amount planned to spend: $10,000.
Rate of drawdown: 5%.
Number of intervals: 5
Rate of interval: 10%
$10,000 x 0.05 = $500 at $3,600
$9,500 x 0.05 = $475 at $3,240
$9,025 x 0.05 = $451 at $2,916
$8,574 x 0.05 = $429 at $2,624
All-in = $8,145 at $2,362.
That lets you work your way in without affecting the market, with better cost averaging. Any extra loot just add on to the 'all in' order until it's worth the time to recompute.
@_date: 2019-01-11 00:14:11
I will be joining with others to discuss yellow vest protests, and other social issues here in 1 hour. Let me know if you want to join the [Google Hangout](
@_date: 2019-01-15 21:10:34
Fixed lol :)
@_date: 2019-01-03 03:33:55
If all moons were the same surely you'd think that.
@_date: 2018-11-13 21:30:53
I’ve had (many) others tell me it was a soft fork but you might want to check with Andreas or someone like that.
@_date: 2019-01-09 19:11:29
Super blood moon my dudes.
@_date: 2019-01-30 02:32:45
Meh... it won't affect the market - virtually nothing like this does. The market is down, but won't go much lower; before the end of Feb I'll be all in. Regarding custody... if you are an elder, wouldn't you prefer custody over gadgets? I think even Naval was excited about a custody solution, and he codes.
If I had $5 Mil of BTC, I likely wouldn't trust myself, a neighbor, nor a contractor to setup my security. I think I'd rather a sueable entity at that point, and if 'not your keys not your Bitcoin'... one could practically hold on to $1 Mil, and custody the rest - reasonably spreading risk.
@_date: 2019-01-14 20:04:58
... but this is not what happened.
@_date: 2019-01-02 15:48:00
There is a big difference between 'maximalists' and 'bitcoin users', the same as there is a difference between 'islamic extremist' and 'followers of islam' - one group is repulsive, the other inviting - one group is 1%, the other 99% - one group is loud, demanding, invasive, the other quiet, amenable, and passive.
When you think 'what is wrong' about Bitcoin, the issue almost always flows to the extremists - not because they represent Bitcoin, but because they dominate talk (and many, unfortunately, have been promoted to moderator positions, etc). Macafee is a great example, "Eating dicks" is not investment advice, but LITERALLY EVERYONE LOVES TO AGREE OR DISAGREE to that statement - stuff like that should really be banned from 'bitcoin', similarly with Ver smears, but that's if you understand culture and community. (on the contrary, investment advice SHOULD be promoted instead).


This is 100% - positively, completely false. This is a BAD way of thinking. It is TRULY TERRIBLE (aside the minor exception to bitcoin com and twitter bitcoin redirecting, which is more of brand defending from a relatively egregious attack). But calling out scams, such as "Bitcoin Private", without a 100% sound basis (sure, 3 Mil hidden coins became discovered, but they were labeled a scam months in advance of any actual knowledge), is completely, ABSOLUTELY terrible practice.
ETH people do the same thing. It's a REALLY stupid practice. It's as logical as censorship. **Stupid people do stupid things**. Sure, DEMONSTRATE how you are better - educate how you are better - but NEVER call others "scam". That's stupidity, base level thinking.
ETH (for example) calls literally everyone who does an ICO a scam, despite ETH doing an ICO. ETH calls others who sell unfinished products scams, despite their product being unfinished...
And Bitcoin is also 'unfinished' in some respects (not remotely comparable to the degree of unfinished'ness of ETH) but one could argue it's not 'perfect'. Is Bitcoin Gold a scam? What is the quantitative reason for saying ya or nah? How does Monero get a pass lol? (that's always the funniest to me - all BTC maximalist have decided, at some point, Monero and BTC are chums just because Fluffy poured some wine and told some jokes...) Is that *really* what defines scam or no scam? Whether or not you get your ego sucked off?
"Scam" label is about as stupid as calling someone a "terrorist" or "unhinged" or "politically incorrect". It is an inventive, obtuse term which is used to stroke one's ego, as opposed to educate. BTC (or ETH) *could* demonstrate how they (as organizations) are superior to others, and then highlight these differences without relying upon use of undefined terminology to invent their differences day to day - that process is reliable, instructive, educating, and allows users to form their own judgements, objectively.
Virtue signalling is an *absolutely horrendous process*. By praising those who denounce others as *liars* or *scams* the loudest, you encourage others to worship them as a source of moral certitude - instead of teaching others *what is moral*, etc.
I know you mean well, but I am 100% certain you are wrong to praise others for being unnecessarily hostile, and for telling others to follow their advice (blah blah is a Scam!!!), as opposed to allowing them to make informed judgements (BTCP mined 3 Mil coins without disclosure). In the second example, I prove to an educated person *scam* without resorting to 2 year old name calling, and in the first example I say "Look at me, look at me, look at me".
That first behavior is absolutely bad, repulsive, and atrocious - for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-01-26 01:03:00


Wrong... This logic makes me sad.
There are time horizons and price cost averaging.
What is your time horizon, more than 4 years? Than BTC is better than CASH, probably always. Less than 2 years? Sure, Cash is better *at certain points* (this not being one of them). Less than 1 month? Who the fuck knows.
Then there is price cost averaging.
Did you go *all in* at $20k? Probably doing it wrong... scale in, MORE as the price goes down, A LOT more.
'Time cost averaging' is what a LOT of people tell you, but this is EXTREMELY stupid. Instead, set a range (say $3,500 to $2,000) - go in some immediately, and only more if it drops... then after a month or so, up your range if it still hasn't hit - but you should buy based on NEGATIVE price spikes - NOT Tuesday at 10pm. You can only hit negative price spikes with standing limit buy orders. I currently have standing limit buys at $3,400 and $3,200.
Will they hit? Probably not, but if they do I'm all smiles. I got me a coin under $3,200 - one of the VERY few who did - because I had limit orders waiting. Until August there is no *necessary* reason to feel the need to *go all in*. Yes, I'm *nearly* all in BTC, but not all the way in. If they price drops, I buy more. If the price skyrockets, I have spendable cash (or could sell BTC).
But I'm never all in, or all out... and I ALWAYS buy based on limit orders, NOT time of day.
@_date: 2019-01-07 06:53:56
Ha, awesome! Nashville has a decent blockchain community.
This crypto (number 70 coinmarketcap) is [headquartered in Nashville]( They presented their token to EU Parliament (very serious stuff). I know the fellas personally, have conference called them a few times. If you program, or are looking to work in crypto, checkout their website for job openings.
I know 99 / 100 people already got work, etc, but in that 1% chance you don't... 
I have never seen a Bitcoin ATM in person :( - But there is a crypto exchange headquartering in Knoxville, TN soon. That's real fuck weird, but it's going to be right smack dab in the middle of our party spot, and next to the most popular conference center, etc. The restaurant is called Cafe 4, if you've been out this way much. The exchange will be in that building.
@_date: 2019-01-16 03:04:11
This is one of those things that sounds more true than it actually is. Another way to think about it is Rent. You are *Renting* security from a *Landlord*. There is the obvious dilemma that Landlord could simply stop renting to you... or in the case of ASICs the lead manufacturer *could* just attack the network, profiting from derivatives, or other methods - totally legit.
Also hardware dies after 1 year, so the *legacy* benefit peeps think you get by *specialized* hardware isn't really there - or rather it's like 6 months loyalty and 6 months with one-foot-out-the-door.
The prime counter argument to this is that avoiding ASICs (or specialized hardware) is absolutely impossible - and that on a long enough timeline someone else will acquire monopoly, so it's not truly perpetual (but could easily last 20 years)... and that's the best way to think of monopolies (frankly) is just to let them happen. Defeating them is something of a losers game.
**BUT** there are two other important things to consider, which are Byzantine Consensus and one-cpu-one-vote. With ASICs, Byzantine Consensus doesn't work in the TRUE sense of the word... the reason being that the majority is disinterested in verification, because they are no longer paid to verify... so while ETH or BSV *technically* use Byz Con, the absolute lack of diversity in nodes somewhat makes it mute. BTC devs are well aware of this, but people sometimes like to pretend that ASICs does not destroy Byz Con, which they do.
The failsafe BTC has which ETH and BSV don't is that KNOWING if someone Rewound the ledger is very easy with BTC, even if you can't help create new blocks - you can still prevent (or note) old blocks from getting destroyed. This is Byz Con on OLD blocks, but NOT on new block generation (or transaction processing).
For example, with the BTC code ~gosh this is getting long~ a monopolist could clog BTC blocks with transactions, earning a 100% refund - or refuse to process transactions - and these 'nodes' can't do squat about it.
The other issue is one-cpu-one-vote. This is often dismissed entirely, but this was CLEARLY intended as a practice of social welfare or 'democracy'. Sure, with ASICs it doesn't work out... But, as it no longer provides *social* welfare, why should BTC provide *special interest* welfare instead? It does this through legacy reasons, but it's absolutely not necessary. No one (or few) get into BTC today because "look I can mine it!"
In 2013 they did, but not today. The easiest solution is soft fork away the *special interest* welfare portion of BTC. If BTC was Byz Con secure, subsidies would hardly matter - but it is not, and that's why people fear reducing subsidies. Next stop would be to add a checkpoint to the wallets, same as BCH, which empowers nodes to prevent any Rewinding greater than 10 blocks by default. This is just good practice, in either case... rewinding the chain well past the point of orphans is not an intended feature.
From there, the only conceivable attack I could see to BTC would be trans fee spam. This would be SUBSTANTIALLY harder, as one could make it so transaction fees are approx equal to the subsidy... meaning spamming fees would drastically incentivize increase mining investment... etc, but under a tech monopolist it is possible.
The only solution to this long-term (IMO) is to burn or redirect some portion of fees. In my head I play around with 25%... so monopolist fee spammers can at most only get a 75% refund, not 100%. This would prevent all *market incentivized* forms of disruption, IMO.
And if you want to get hokey with it (as I am), you can take that 25% of redirected trans fees and socially distribute them as a welfare system - perhaps equally to each node. Or if you are a lunatic, you can distribute it using a voting process, which could reward developers and culture leaders systematically, through the system itself... but that's more fanciful than practical, at current.
Way too long, but ya... ASICs are not necessarily good, but they are unavoidable. Recognizing their monopoly makes the subsidy system socially obsolete - people have yet to realize this, from what I see, but one day, maybe :)
@_date: 2019-01-02 18:29:48
Ya, sorry I know lol. I saw your posts helping (or communicating with) Ethereum, and I do consider you one of the better ambassadors, but unfortunately not the standard I expect from Bitcoin :(
If this helps you improve your own perfection, it might also help seeing how immensely short others have fallen. Bitcoin is in greater peril then it knows (but I am a man full of fears, so whateve's).
@_date: 2019-01-07 04:39:25
I got my 15 yr old nephew programming code, running nodes, managing servers, etc. He's a regular slave.
I read a book once that children use to be useful before turning 27. I will take any wasted child beyond 12 and put them to task, to make goods for money. Any adult who refuses their children the joy of work and trade is a criminal, even if they are just 'obeying the law'.
The state demands a high price - it wants to neuter the free will that's born inside the heart, head, and hand of every living being - to deny happiness and to torture the independent. I have not time for that.
You are ready when you are ready. If you are ready to make a living, beit 12, 15, or 18, doing the most challenging work society has to offer, I ask not for $5,000 per year in licensing fees, $100,000 of debt, nor do I deny you, jail you, and shun you as a freak for wanting to do and make good, to trade, and to repay the debt society bore giving you birth.
I will find you a place, free of charge. I will put you to a service. We both will prosper, and in time, you will buy more children, as I have.
For it's bad swag they've sold those people - that these things are a cost, a burden, another pollutant. Without good children, there is no future, there is only pointless discovery and fruitless accumulation of deteriorating shit.
I will buy them all. And we will trade. Until every ounce of doubt has vanquished and all that remains is pure strength - in this new generation, an unstoppable force.
I buy Bitcoins, and I buy children. And I grow leaders of Man.


@_date: 2018-11-27 18:44:48
Hodl also creates unsustained growth. I got HUGELY downvoted for suggesting BTC holders who want *real* adoption should agree on a $40,000 price come 2020 / 2021 instead of this incredibly dumb, highly manipulative, clearly pushy *Moon, Lambo, $250k, $1 Mil* BTC narrative. If I was in charge of these forums I'd ban any post that opens with anything above $40k for 2020 / 2021 - It is VERY manipulative, and the way it is organized here reeks of market manipulation... ahem, *decentralized* market manipulation.
If Bitcoin loyalists sold 1 Mil BTC at $12,000 last year, they would have all sold. Then the 'hodlers' could be just as cash broke as they are today Rebuying 1.5 Mil BTC at $8,000.


You are not a *consistently accessible* Store of Value if no one can safely purchase it for 9 months of the year due to exuberance.
So here is what the moderation of this forum has done:
* It has destroyed the investments of early adopting Miners, now down 95% from highs.
* It has destroyed the cash savings of AN ENTIRE YEARS WORTH of *Store of Value* purchasers, down 50% (or more).
* It has ruined the reputation of early promoters, and their relationships.
* It makes IT workers feel like *they are part of the scam*, and business venturers go boom or bust.
Why is McAfee even allowed to be posted here as *on topic*? $500k BTC 2020 or whatever? Lopp, and thousands of others constantly repeat this as if it has merit.
BTC will go to $40k in 2020 / 2021. I'm confident of this. But any suggestion that it will go to $100k, $250k, or $1 Mil is *pure* manipulation - just like saying Bitmain isn't currently monopolizing mining profits, or that Bitcoin is 'deflationary'. It mints 650,000 coins PER YEAR! It doesn't even get better than gold until like 2028... 10 years of tech headaches away.
And add more, while the market manipulating promoters of Bitcoin, ahem *the honorable and meritorious developers* who have no other source of income aside BTC profits... yet have the same bills as anyone else... but who obviously, clearly, would NEVER manipulate the casual consumer for their gain... because they know computers = practically mother Teresa - these guys talk like they own Bitcoin, like all the freaking time.
If you don't know a bizarre branch of C++ quite well, who are you, a turd bucket? A thief? Lowly *human* scum? Why do you not grovel at my feet, biological filth...
 DETERMINE CONSENSUS CHILD!
Completely unlike Ethereum (those centralized whores!), who have a 'foundation' to make changes, and who determine consensus by denying 75% of the votes (completely unfair, just like the Fed) - We on the other hand never deny votes, because we will never allow you to vote.
In fact we will ban you - forever. Not like Twitter or Google, which is corporatized trash, we ban for anyone suggesting we can do anything better PERMANENTLY!!! And then we attack! Just look what happened to our GOOD FRIEND Roger Ver!!! After he spoke out, WE KILLED HIS CHILDREN!!!
Is this not like a freaking mafia? Jesus.
There is *another* simple fix to all this, that would instantly make BTC worth 10s of thousands and replace Gold seemingly overnight. That is two fold:
* Implement the check point system of BCH into wallet software


* And soft fork block reward from 12.5 BTC to 0.25 BTC (halving every 4 years, like normal)
We all know what a halving does. This is a 50x halving. $20k BTC would never even exist, BTC would shoot to $300,000 near instantly. Sure, some say this will happen with 6.25 BTC (it won't) but with 0.25 BTC, it can.
Miners would be making WAY more money than do today from the insane price rise - and with the check point system, 51% Rewind attacks (the most significant financial attack) isn't even an option.
I thought about advocating this here, but worry that I'm not *decentralized* and glorious enough to have a voice - on Bitcoin.
My preference would be to NEVER mint more than 17.76 Million coins... **Bitcoin 1776** - Gold for the New World.
But no, nobody likes doing things right. Instead they want power - and to be worship - and a glorious legacy... like a pharaoh of old, or a king, or a... God. Oh, the corrupt hearts of men.
@_date: 2018-11-15 08:37:36
A method you can use to test fragility:
1) Make prediction price may decline
2) Promote message
3) If average agrees, buy. If not, sell.
I predict $4k BTC 2019. The more people disagree, the more I need to sell. When most agree, I know it is safe to buy. Price doesn’t matter, only negative / neutral sentiment.
@_date: 2019-01-22 21:49:48
Just add intervals.
The point of this approach is to set orders that strike on PRICE not on a DATE. The length of time BTC was below $3,200 this year was for hours, the chance of it landing on any particular date would be rare.
Standing orders based on price got BTC below $3,200 - time based orders did not.
@_date: 2019-01-21 09:03:10
Coin Star as a Western Union replacement is a good idea :)
@_date: 2019-01-03 02:14:44
You very well might. I did get me near a whole coin for $3194.
The final day of [crypto winter]( will end at the dawn of the super blood wolf moon - don't panic till then.
@_date: 2019-01-08 17:25:57




- Edward Swowden
@_date: 2019-01-05 07:11:16
Thank you brother.
@_date: 2018-11-07 17:53:40
Generically speaking, it is good to discourage money laundering.
There is a HUGE socioeconomic difference between "under $20,000" (US standard) and millions. It you remove criminal finance regulation and outside custodial solutions, I can not imagine how this would not create a wildwest situation. Do you really want your life's savings under a bed? Do you really want criminal activity guided by the black hand?
Bitcoin is an advancement in independence because the owner is capable of creating its destruction. Unlike Gold, BTC can be destroyed after kidnapping via an indomitable will, thereby reducing reward provided violent aggressors. But this objective only applies to a small portion of people. Most would prefer a 3rd party custodial solution, which prevents profiteering from kidnapping, regardless of willpower.
Restriction on terrorist financing is different, and more complex, but you *really* don't want to encourage the private exchange of millions of dollars, for unknown purposes. Not sure how one would regulate this, but at the current time I am mostly satisfied with the standard of 'over $20,000 requires paperwork'.
Complete anarchy nor order are ideal: there is a middle ground, somewhere.
@_date: 2018-11-09 22:03:15
I suspect the best use of crypto is as gold as opposed to currency. Currency was the intent of Bitcoin White Paper, but I believe Nick Szabo had it correct to make BitGold, instead. If that is true then the value of 'some crypto' is near infinite, as to mimic gold one needs no *real* distribution (beyond forking).
However, you are correct. There will always be a point of curvature. So long as the rest of society tolerates the bugs making a huge short term profit, the issue is one to be relatively short lived.
In the case of Germany, they were unwilling to wait - and there were a series of immediate threats plus absurd taxes (not unlike America today), that riled them into a panic. Fiat could have lessened this volatility, but the issue would be there regardless (probably). Gold is [insanely volatile]( haha.
@_date: 2018-11-28 02:32:49
It is wordy. Philosophy is hard to keep short.
@_date: 2018-11-12 15:11:39
Granted it is useless to speculate too hard, but I could *easily* see $4,000 come July 2019. Between now and July 2019, we should see the lowest points of Bitcoin, ever - here going forward.
@_date: 2018-11-13 19:31:21
Just to clarify, you are admitting the mistake of referring to this as a hard fork and are paying 1 BTC to Yusaf?
@_date: 2019-09-25 00:08:27
No. But there was *reasonable* indication BTC was in for a dip, and many 'maximalist' were still pumping Bitcoin regardless.
Like, if I say "hold BTC 5 years", then in effect I can never be wrong... even if I am wrong, you 'bought' what I sold and when you try to return it (tell me I'm wrong, BTC is $0), then I'm going and onto the new scam already.
I wanted BTC to hold $9k, but was feeling highly uneasy. That was the correct feeling, and this fella called it. This fella tends to be more correct from a 'practical investor' point of view, then say maximalists.
If you buy following his suggestions, you'll end up with 50% more BTC then you will following maximalist chatter.
Long term, I'm still highly, highly bullish... but in the near term (next two months), I expect to see the final dip. Is it $8,200? Or $7,500? Or $5,000? or... That what we got to test for now, and then it shouldn't dip again, for quite some time.
@_date: 2019-09-27 22:36:11
It surprises me people can’t tell the difference between 5x leverage and 1/5x leverage.
You won’t get rich off 1/5x leverage, but it has reasonable risk return for the cautious investor, with better tax consequences.
I speculate I can out trade most alt coin traders (after taxes), simply by doing 1/5x on Bitcoin. That is my ongoing thesis anyways.
I keep a running trade log, down 10% - but I don’t think BTC stays at $8k forever.
@_date: 2019-09-12 00:34:04
Ya, it's the same to the employer either way. BTC contracts is just fine. Like, if the contract is $10 Mil over 5 years, 1,000 BTC per year. Buy 5,000 BTC year 1, and devy it out over 5 years. If I was the employer, I might ask for a 20% discount to account for the locking up of funds (or some such number). Now it is 4,000 BTC. Now do the reverse math. 4,000 BTC 5 years from now would have to worth less than $12,500 for Russell to lose, and the employer wins regardless (20% discount).
So in his 5 year, Russell could be earning 800 BTC @ like $50,000 each making $40 Mil per year... 4x he would have with a fiat contract. But he still has to play or losses all that money. Personally, I don't feel the concept of BTC becoming worthless any more realistic than Fiat or Gold losing their values entirely either.
@_date: 2019-09-12 01:12:37
I do love my rockets.
@_date: 2019-09-11 01:45:24
Link to his twitter to pump the follows!
@_date: 2019-09-30 17:47:07
How is the past used to control the future?
How does the present rewrite the past?
@_date: 2019-09-10 00:04:06
Your first bit is wrong, it was correct.
The second part is obvious, demand is variable. But with consistent, fixed demand, you can preform calculations. This is called pro forma or future looking or what if analysis.
@_date: 2019-09-11 02:23:11
Ya, I now have something to talk about with my football friends haha...
@_date: 2019-09-22 22:12:03
No dumbass.
@_date: 2019-09-10 16:16:25
You are a ban evading moron. Reported.
@_date: 2019-09-22 16:39:08
... or someone is lying and is finding a reason to justify theft vs trade.
I deal with *a lot* of poor people. I do taxes, and intentionally situated myself within a poor community.
*Actually* poor people rarely ask for handouts, and are more than willing to work for money. What they can't do is invision the better path, nor take the risk of investing $5k for equipment, training, to earn $100k... but they will always work, and almost never beg.
Fake poor beg, a lot. Fake poor work on making up creative storytelling to justify their begging. And most fake poor have huge drug habits, take no responsibility for their own development, and constantly prioritize party times over opportunity scouting.
Fake poor will blow $1k on drugs and booze, real poor won't change their habits at all with $1k influx, cause being poor is their lifestyle, not an excuse for theft and begging.
I got one kid I grabbed at 14. I got him $2k of computers and he is now making ~$50k / yr programming at 16. By 18 he'll be making $100k / yr most like.
I got another at 40. I got him $2k of computers. He stole that and sold it for drugs, booze, and repeatedly reminded me how stupid I was for believing his story. He then came begging for the next 2 years. When I didn't give, he threatened and attempted to destroy my property, etc. When I cut off communications, he went crying to the next. Oh boo hoo, another little thief might not get his booze tonight, oh boo hoo.
The 14 year old kid (now 16) will turn out profitable for me. It will allow me to hire more kids, and to save more from poverty. All with minimal investment - like under $5k. And he might return $20k. Why? Cause he works... for money.
I will hire and rescue more from poverty by paying fairly and putting them into positions with quick profit, extreme profits. It's unhelpful to hire the poor to be dishwashers, but it is extremely good to hire them to be comp aids, legal aids, medical aids, financial aids, or media makers.
And typically, it's best to work with children (like ages 12 to 18) cause adult poor tend to see life as a series of laziness, theft, and drug addiction - adult poor are already poisoned, and don't care whom they hurt to get their fix.
But if you help their child, it's easier. The child can deal with the parent. The child can deal with the relatives, and the child can help the brothers and sisters, so on. 'Eliminating poverty' starts by forcing poor children into the highest earning jobs imaginable, and getting them earning $100k'ish by 18 and putting them into a state of wealth building immediately through life. After wealth, then they can do the boozing.
Adult poor are largely a waste, if they are beggars. That poor child wanted to 'wash dishes'. His parents wanted him to make $8 / hr 'washing dishes'. I remember my parents did the same. This is poor man's thinking. Instead I steal him from washing dishes and make him program at $8 / hr. 1 year later he's worth $25 / hour programming, while a junior in his high school prison camp.
Poverty is extremely easy to solve, if it was only easier to find and locate poor children and to put them into an optimized work environment without the state government imprisoning them until they are 18, and getting them into drugs and alcohol - while selling them the lie that getting $100k of college debt and fucking off for another 4 years and further reinforcing bad habits was 'what life is all about'.
Helping distraught rich children is actually more complex. Helping impoverished misguided children is easy. Poor children given the option choose wealth over famine. Rich children given the option choose tradition over change - which is much more problematic to society than poverty, as rich people gone haywire cause more damage holistically than poor do stealing feed.
@_date: 2019-09-17 20:57:57
Ya, you read Plato to understand how stupid people are who consider him ‘philosophy’, like reading Dave Ramsey ‘money advice’ just to learn how stupid people think who consider themselves financially responsible.
There are certain things ‘in pop culture’ that people consider obligatory but are SUPER SUPER DUMB, and Plato is one of those.
Aristotle Politics crushes The Republic, but only intelligent people can identify the difference.
This is a useful thought process in all aspects of life. If all you read on ‘writing’ is Shakespeare, you are probably a moron, despite how frequently you’ll get commended. It’s good practice to presume yourself a moron in all subjects you can’t commit to.
But I do hate when people feel obliged to read bad literature. The Republic was made that way precisely because it encourages people to be subservient. That’s why it is taught in schools, not for merit.
It’s a book on vile propaganda, that itself became propaganda. I encourage you to fight against the proliferation of stupid thought.
@_date: 2019-09-30 13:51:50
Trading View. But costs money, unless others screenshot and share.
@_date: 2019-09-03 20:37:22
That is solid.
@_date: 2019-09-12 15:05:16
10 to 20% discounts for payments in BTC should become the norm.
@_date: 2019-09-22 15:20:13
Some things sound incredulous to me.
$2 USD is minimum, but what is average monthly wage?
If monthly wage is under $100 USD, and people in venezuela have the internet, why aren't more working as programmers, or working remote over the internet?
One programmer over internet could earn $4,000 USD / month, and hire 100 Venezuelans @ $40 / month to study programming, and perform similar work, etc.
In short, while the local economy could be shit, there is some 'floor', in which people who can work over the internet should be able to hire entire towns and reap insane profits. So why doesn't this happen? Why aren't venezuelans providing service to foreigners, who pay in Bitcoin &amp; at globally stabilized currency rates, and then hiring hundreds of others to do likewise and taking a cut?
Like, one programmer could make $4k / month, train 10 others to make $4k / month, at a cost of about $1,000 total... and then if he takes a 10% cut, now he's making $8k / month, and increased employment 10x. How is this not happening?
@_date: 2019-09-10 23:00:29
If you want to be both accurate and appease the fible masses, it might go like this:
1) If you are really stupid, don't buy Bitcoin
2) If you can only just remember your name, buy a little Bitcoin.
3) If retirement is over 4 years away, buy a lot of Bitcoin
4) If you are intelligent and have a long time horizon, leverage buy and exit into Bitcoin at appropriate times.
5) If you are intelligent and have better investment opportunities (tools, tutors, biz startups, health, inside info) buy the others first, and Bitcoin second.
You should never prioritize Bitcoin over health or improving active income generation. If $5k of tools plus $5k of tutoring can get you an occupation paying $100k per year, whereas you are currently making $40k... ALWAYS do that.
And, as mentioned, if you are intelligent and well networked, biz startups and inside info can prove predictably more profitable than Bitcoin. But that's a level of investor sophistication most can't reach. My objective personally is 1,200% annualized returns, with BTC as my safety.
But if you are a passive investor, who does mutual funds or ETFs, or if you have access to loans which can easily be maintained for 4 years with interest rates below ~12%, then Bitcoin should be a bulked up asset in your portfolio, and long-term should make up ~80% of your investment allocation.


Periodically I discover opportunities for 3x returns in 3 months, or calculate the purchase of a $5k tool will produce $10k profit or increase my hourly.. In such situations you should NOT invest in Bitcoin. But in my experience, even with aggressive treasure seeking, the opportunities are both more finite in their scale (purchasing 10 of the same tool won't create 10x the result of 1), or caught within a hype cycle.
The default expected return for Bitcoin should be 19% per annum. This is the return if all else stays equal - everything stays perfectly flat. This is a price 'doubling' every 4 years, and no more.
While this is not 'risk free' rate, I doubt one will ever see a US Pres to US Pres cycle where BTC less than doubles, making it the highest return for the passive investor worldwide.
I aggressively suggest replacing index funds with BTC, but I don't consider it 'investing'. Investing implies you must be intelligent. Holding BTC for 4 years or more and profiting should be accessible to everyone, the tired worker or the distracted spouse. You don't need to be smart to double your money every US Pres Cycle with Bitcoin, just patient.
@_date: 2019-09-22 17:05:19
Let's do some math:
Say wages are actually $30 / month. Say you had a class of 30 who now earn $1,000 / month.
That's 30 people who could easily hire 5 venezuelans each... employing 150 venezuelans. And these are people FROM venezuela, so they actually know these people, whom to hire, etc.. They *should* have more concern for Venezuelans than foreigners who have never been there, don't know anyone, and can't verify the narrative.
Why isn't this happening?
And statements like 'all the smart people left' is of course moronic, cause they can be trained. Yes, the smartest people should have left.. but unless everyone left in Venezuela is truly mentally handicapped, then they can acquire skills, same as others who change professions.
One can always tell the lie from reality, cause real people work for money, and liars beg for it.
If there are good people in venezuela who work for little money, you'd know about it, and you would have hired them.
But you, even being from there, don't believe their story. I know things are bad in venezuela as a whole, but individually, as you did, you can always work your way out - and it's far more sensible for you to help others in venezuela then for strangers to attempt to decipher who is telling the truth and who isn't.
@_date: 2019-09-10 04:05:37
Very true, but the point is that 19% is the default.
If demand grows 0%, price growth is 19%.
Even is BTC had shrinking demand of 10%, price could still grow.
The assumption BTC has reached peak demand stability is ridiculous, but the point is in this *worst case* scenario, price still grows, barring a run or gov action, etc.
@_date: 2019-09-24 22:47:44
One thing I have learned from 45 years of trading:
Markets have a tendency to do what the most number of market participants least expect and don't want to happen. 
Descending triangles are most often bearish. 
@_date: 2019-09-30 13:55:37
1) No undo... but you can higher prioritize a spend, emptying the account, invalidating previous transaction.
2) Yes, pick and choose.
3) Practically, no, but in theory, yes. The coordinated group would need 100% of all hash power.
@_date: 2019-09-11 02:13:41
Russel is so invested into Bitcoin, he sponsored a "meet the Chargers and discuss Bitcoin" [event in LA]( He paid some speaking fees for like Goldstein and so on to show up, to make sure it was a real Bitcoin event and to spread the wealth within the community.
Then, after that, he launched "monday night Bitcoin" discussion, where he talks football and gives away Bitcoin prizes. These prizes are paid for by eToro.
It's far more likely football fans will get into Bitcoin because of Russell, then Bitcoin'ers will get into football (except for me, I'm going to buy one of his jersey haha) - the whole 'you got to lose money to prove you're honest' thing isn't really that accurate, most who suggest they are doing that are scamming you.
"If they tell you it ain't about the money, it's only about the money" - Nassim Taleb on slimeball identification
@_date: 2019-09-27 21:34:35
Margin trading comes with 100% annual interest rates, tax consequences, and sudden rate spike risks. Leveraging yourself 80% of asset value in Bitcoin world is crazy, but what is the true risk that Bitcoin hits $2,000? I went highly leveraged at $10.8k. I still have max profit if BTC stays over $7k, with a breakeven at $5k.
As an 'educated investor', betting Bitcoin wouldn't fall 50% off peak made sense. Doubling potential profits didn't come with double the risk (IMO). But I recommend taking out a 20 to 25% Bitcoin loan to anyone, honestly (if used to purchase more Bitcoin).
While Bitcoin could fall from $13,750 to $3,400 pre-halving - the odds are low. And the chance that BTC annualizes under 8% is quite low as well. And there are tax reasons why asset loans turn out better than other trading techniques.
But that is the highest profit play in BTC at the moment, IMO. Not trading alt coin, not holding, but 20 to 25% asset loans to amplify a stack. Odds should be significantly weighted in your favor, unless you entertain the 'bitcoin could go to $0' scenarios, and so on. The biggest risk is custodial problems ('not your keys'), which is a fair risk to consider.
@_date: 2019-09-22 18:53:48
Ya, you’re very much a dumbass.
@_date: 2019-09-22 17:57:54
I appreciate your honesty. I won't retort much beyond, with $80k / year it would prove worth the risk to hire one venezuelan to be your talent scout, trainer for the others... etc. You really only need 1 point of contact for the 'venezuelan division'.
If it's not a concern for you, and you've lived there, then it shouldn't be a concern for others, IMO... and that's my take on it. You've lived there, done extremely well... and still aren't throwing away money nor even hiring them, because Brazilians expect / demand even less, all things considered.
That is the problem with giving people money based on storytelling. Brazilians aren't crying to me, but apparently they are about equally hard-up... and I wouldn't have known that, had I not tried to pay them for work, and so on.. as you did.
That is why free market and not storytelling is a more consistently accurate test of who deserves attention and who doesn't.
@_date: 2019-09-27 00:58:20
There are a few that are real decent, like Great Muffin.
But there are several things that are just flat wrong, that 'veterans' ascribe to religiously, in particular around financial thinking.
It's heuristic to say 'never take out debt', but it's clearly wrong to believe debt in 100% of situations, to any degree, is always bad. That sort of dogmatic thinking gets a penny thought turned into a pound of problems.
So a statement like 'long Bitcoin, short the bankers' could be good... but when Bitcoin was $13,750, statements like this should get pulled back. Clearly, 'long Bitcoin' is conditional on price. If it was $100k tomorrow, I wouldn't be saying 'long Bitcoin', as if $100k is stable.
I might wager 99% of financial advice in Bitcoin subs is bad, akin to someone suggesting to never drive a car without wearing a hazmat suit.. good for preventing injury, poor in terms of absolute cost-benefit.
It is in that area that I find Vets too stubborn, and also in terms of objective.
I really like the "[New BIP]( sticky, but generally the 'objective' or r/Bitcoin should be almost exclusively promotion, marketing of Bitcoin. Like, as a sub, designing great plans, etc.
Our objective is not for Bitcoin to just 'win', nor for some big man to promote Bitcoin (like Jack, Adam, Winkle, or whomeve') - but for the promotion of Bitcoin to grow organically... or you could rephrase, socially.
Again, Vets 'jump the shark' in promoting Bitcoin, then the Lightning network. LN is complex, experimental, and technical... promoting Bitcoin is a lot about promoting global trade, as this is where Bitcoin dominates alternatives, and promoting global passive savings; it's easy to argue that:
1) Individuals can profit by streamlined global exchange, without restriction.


And 2) Individuals can profit through a predictable 19% rate of growth, much like an index fund, REIT, or similar passive investment.


The next thing I'd like to see is promotion of Bitcoin as a Discount tool. I'd like to see a list of merchants offering 20% to 10% off for paying in Bitcoin.
10% discounts could easily be justified in the business economics; it just needs to be better explained, promoted, expected, and supported when merchants do this.
And lastly, we need more 'bitcoin promoting' but in sustainable methods. A good system would be to setup Bitcoin 'VC' clubs, investing in the 3rd world. Such a thing is *only* possible with Bitcoin, and is categorically *a good* to society. 'Sound money' a debate, but accelerating investment into the 3rd world, and encouraging savings and wealth building in the 3rd world, through a simple, passive investment strategy, are unequivocal goods.
Which is all to say that I'm not against the occasional meme war, 'bitcoin fixes this', and harassment of financial celebs... but that's all politic'ing. The real work is improving the use of *actual* bitcoin in the space in which it actually dominates, or is required - international transfer &amp; international wealth storing.
Memes have no lasting, residual value. BTCPay, The Bitcoin Standard, Mastering Bitcoin, Devs (or similar) has exponential value. "Who is the most in love with Bitcoin" has no proof of work, but teaching a foreign community how they can benefit from Bitcoin, does - that's work.
As an aside, I was thinking over the last weeks how in the 90's I was told to give Red Cross $5 to help an African kid drink water - preposterous. Today, I can give the African kid $5 directly. Today, I can setup a payment plan for him to earn $5 per week, forever. In short, if he can work for me, I can pay well, and he can 'fed' forever... and I even profit from my inclusivity of 'his kind' into my global business.
In 1990, the poor of the world were an expense, a burden - social welfare. Today, the poor of the world are business partners, opportunity - a capitalists dream.
That outlook is impossible without Bitcoin. Without Bitcoin (or similar) global capitalism becomes impossible.
It's this sort of thinking, that 'maximalist' should focus on, if the objective is the promotion of 'bitcoin' vs status within Bitcoin... like, bringing Bitcoin to others trumps playing king of the hill within the Bitcoin communities, pushing others down.
@_date: 2019-09-30 17:48:57
What wallet did  you use?
@_date: 2019-09-22 17:50:09
An 'open discussion' where each of the 8 talk.
Basically I just want to verify what's *actually* going on, and ensure the money is spread around vs some guy telling me stories and sending me postcards.
It's easy for a salesman to abuse foreigners with trumped up tales of suffering... If I see the 8 others, and they know exactly how much they are to be getting, then salesman can't take his cut.
This is why my offer hasn't been accepted. In theory, I'm offering 8 people 2 weeks of wages for a few hours of work. Any sensible person would take this. If you *actually* cared about your community, surely you know of 8 people who could use more wages.
But if you are merely a Red Cross, United Way, or Pope telling people of all the 'good' they are doing by making themselves rich... or some internet guy promising me he's legit, then involving more people in your scam makes it unprofitable.
@_date: 2019-09-29 10:56:37
We might be mining asteroids around Mars, have thousands of neural implants, and take dancing lessons from robots *in 10 years*.
So long as there is a cost to crack Sha256, it’s safe, as it costs nothing to ‘change the locks’. Ideally, if doing cold storage for decades, you’d split up funds to like 1 BTC per address.
Creating a max reward of $10k (today’s value) per crack, instead of thousands of coins.
@_date: 2019-09-17 14:21:22
Plato is a total dick. Never worship Plato, he is an evil man.
Socrates was better. Plato is the Alt Coin of philosophy.
Karl Popper explains it well. Plato was part of team lizard people.
Don't be fooled : The Republic is a LIE! Beware the doombringer of Athens.
Socrates, Popper, Jesus, Franklin, Aristotle, all better than Plato.
Forget the Republic, and free thyself from the shackles of dumdom.
@_date: 2019-09-22 16:47:34
You're doing a good thing.
But long term, 'teaching them to fish' is best.


So if he works 5 hours per day at $5 per hour, that's $500 per month.
What is he going to do with that money? Teach others how to teach english, program, etc or... what?
If he splits his $500 between 10 others 'starving', then he gets nowhere. If he teaches 2 others to do like he is, and shares his comp, resources, etc, then now his community has triple the money.
You can never give away enough money to rescue people out of poverty. You invest in them, to get them into a skilled enough position to rescue themselves. You train them, test them, and keep them honest.
But if you give away all the fish you catch, without teaching others to fish, then you will all suffer and you will have done nothing.
Teaching others to fish is the only aid you can provide, and then teaching them to be 'fishers of men', as it were. Jesus discovered this in 0 AD, a shame this knowledge has become lost in communist propaganda.
@_date: 2019-09-10 23:32:06
Ya, in terms of persuasion and covering what's necessary, he is far better than Andreas or most BTC peoples. Do you see how 'non sales pitchy' he sounds?
Akon is not begging you to buy Bitcoin, he's not rejecting his environment and dominating the conversation with a level of Bitcoin talk which only he can appreciate... he's interacting with others, respecting their personage, and he's providing the bare-minimum information necessary so that you can derive maximum benefit, and moving on.
It's one thing to suggest men need tons of meat and it's another to dress up in a meat costume burning legumes. One can be casually interjected into day to day comings and goings, and the other gets you banned from social events as an extremist. Extremists are like squishy dolls that only say "good job buying Bitcoin, you a good boy", whereas Akon sounds balanced, attractive, and socially fit.
Another advocate that I wish got more attention is [Russell Okung]( the linemen for the LA Chargers. His advocacy to other professional footballers, and to those interested in football will generate more interest in Bitcoin then I ever will - that should get recognized more, when it comes to 'celebrities' in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-22 22:16:24
If you think Maduro kills people who talk with one another over a table, you are... way over paranoid.
It's not like I wanted them to say "death to Maduro". But I do like multiple sources of information, and don't trust 'people on the internet' who claim to be from Venezuela, and who purport people are starve, thus soliciting donations... with the claim they will share it with others.
If I can see the others, and they know how much they are too receive, and THEN they appoint a rep or point of contact, fine... don't trust, verify... etc.
@_date: 2019-09-30 16:10:38
A 51% attack is temporary whereas a 51% censoring is FOREVER. So in effect it’s 100%, but you are technically right.
The main qualifier is ‘so long as they maintain 51% of hash, the second they lost it, it would go through’.
@_date: 2019-09-12 00:59:28
I'll be getting me a Tesla shortly, but it will be on loan, $12k per year. Say BTC goes from $10k to $40k in 2 years and Tesla is $60k. 2 BTC of $20k value purchase a $60k Tesla, with change... if you finance and BTC eventually goes up.
$60k for a Tesla Model Y is an extraordinarily sensible decision (in CA). Namely, if you can afford a luxury vehicle, if you are semi-retired, road tripping around the USA is a great use of time, and auto-pilot goes a long way to creating added safety and frankly a significant amount of pleasure.
The Y is setup with a panoramic roof, much better than 3. The cabin is 4x bigger (hatchback). The release of the Y will also coincide with highly advanced autopilot (9 months away), and will catch a few added upgrades (notably, hopefully battery Gen 2 which has 30 to 40% added life... Tesla's are built to last 30 years or 1 Mil miles).
The Y really is a great purchase, and it can house a family of 7. And you can get one for $20k in BTC today, if Bitcoin goes up. Oh, and it already comes with Tesla Insurance, a huge savings honestly.
When you look at Solar, the Powerwall is probably better. Power Outages is more relevant than 'energy savings'. Powerwall is $10k alone, but it can pay for itself by creating a 20% daily savings in electricity by balancing peak and off-peak power prices.
But the real benefit of each is the comfort of a car that cruises around the country stressfree with the highest degree of safety, and a house that has power in severe storms.
In the South, it's like a Tesla costs $20k more but still can be worth it - gas is cheaper, few state incentives, and less superchargers make a Tesla in the south less desirable than CA. But road tripping in the south is pretty baller, so..
@_date: 2019-09-27 03:01:34
Imagine asking someone what they did in Retirement, and they said "bitch over Twitter".
I do art in my free time, and Benjamin Franklin discovered Lightning as he was retiring from financial life at 40, immensely wealthy through VC investing.
Most people over Twitter could be more purposeful, or more joyous (same with Reddit, *obviously*). I write way too much on Reddit lol.
@_date: 2019-09-22 17:24:46


I mean... ya, exactly. That is exactly what you should be doing, and what he should be doing too.
You are teaching good habits, which are much more valuable than money. Like 100x more valuable.
But it's not 'religious', it's just smarts. 'Teaching others to fish', as you are doing here, is smart and scalable. Giving away money can not scale.
These are not absolute statements, and desperate times call for desperate measures, etc... but one should never see giving away money as 'good'.. but increasing trade and one's ability to trade hours for increasingly more money as the most good.
I would instead, tell your guy to hire 10 others to work under him.
4 years from now, you might hire 1,000 as it scales up. If you give away your loot, you'll never help more than 10. Isn't saving 1,000 people better than 10, even if it requires more effort on your part and even if it doesn't mean you get to put your name upon some plaque as the 'most giving' of peoples?
I'm not trying to harass, just emphasizing good behavior and degrading bad behavior. Giving people money is bad, investing in them for skills and trade is good. The person who does the later might help thousands of people, the former no more than the few he sees, whomever begs the loudest. The one who teaches skills and trades improves society, the other rewards the derelicts. Never teach children to cry louder, it won't turn out great for them, for you, or for us.
But I am happy you are making a positive impact. It only takes a few million like you and we can end global poverty worldwide. I suspect this will be coming by 2030. Personally, I suspect global entrepreneurship will get wise by 2030, and no one with an internet connection will be impoverished for long - and the entire world more profit making - the biggest GDP increase in the history of earth.
Globally, it's fairly easy to increase GDP 25% / year for multiple years running, until all poor children have been extinguished. And a world with 100x the number of technicians as of today will scale up to Mars colonization, so on, seemingly overnight - it will not be a linear event.
@_date: 2019-09-22 16:55:38
Are you... stupid???
It takes like 3 months to learn a language sufficient for work.
Have you ever acquired knowledge without paying $100k to have someone force you to come to class, etc? Like, have you heard of books, responsibility, and self-study?
@_date: 2019-09-22 17:11:16


Right, and after they got out, what did they do? Say fuck all to those that couldn't???
You seem to think giving people money for booze is charitable and paying them well for good work is not. But I'm certain you won't be hiring anyone from Venezuela, cause you are only trying to signal virtue, not actually create change.
Claiming 'those that are left are unable to provide societal value' is quite incredulous, but I'm not surprised you bought it.
@_date: 2019-09-12 10:02:30
If it was FIXED in BTC, yes obviously.
@_date: 2019-09-10 23:17:20
I'm a sophisticated investor, and do consider *nowish* an appropriate time to become highly leveraged into Bitcoin. From a pure math perspective, the chance that BTC will go to $5k and stay there vs the chance it will go to $20k eventually are not equally weighted at this time.
But this advice is contingent upon price. I would never suggest leveraging into BTC above $30k.. you got to be smart about it.
@_date: 2019-09-22 22:11:54
lol dipshit.
Proof of who received funds... not 'is venezuela suffering'.
You are off the rails lol
@_date: 2019-09-11 01:50:21
The cost to transfer Dollars to Bitcoin can easily be 10%.
And his contract is losing value. Initially it might have been for $10 Mil which is like 1,000 BTC but a year later, it might only be for 200 BTC or some such, because $10 Mil experienced a significant debasing.
While it's something I haven't given much thought, if you are engaging in multiyear contracts with people, receiving your funds and setting your price in terms of Bitcoin is ridiculously smart, if you are a believer.
@_date: 2019-09-23 14:46:16
You are real paranoid. The government doesn't kill you in venezuela for that... otherwise all protesters would have been shot.
@_date: 2019-09-22 22:13:13


What the fuck are you talking about???
I literally never asked people for 'work'. Only proof of who received the funds. You are just all over...
The offer was $160 for 8 people to get around a table and talk with one another... effectively just proof they exist, and that they had knowledge they would receive $20 each, so that the salesman couldn't skim.
You are confusing too many points.
@_date: 2019-09-17 17:13:56
Open Society and it's Enemies. The entire Part 1 is a complete deconstruction of Plato.
I might disagree with a 'must read', unless you are also reading 5 other philosophy books. If you can only read 1 book on philosophy, perhaps Aristotle Politics is the most thorough.
That is, philosophy as it applies to people management. 'Metaphysics' is too irrelevant, and Franklin, Jesus to easy to misinterpret, excessive social discussion has defused the impact, clarity of message, so on.
@_date: 2019-09-25 00:47:37
Sell?! Sell, Sell!
@_date: 2019-09-30 16:54:16
Self validation.
@_date: 2019-09-22 15:44:16
I tried to 'hire' venezuelans to do a little task for me. Offered $20 each for a recorded 1 hour discussion of local issues, etc, for a group of 8 - $160 total. According to you, that's like a month's wage for 8 people - for possibly 3 hours of 'work' + video camera + upload.
Everyone refused to actually do what I asked, but they did tell me how I could give them money for doing nothing.
This part is obviously upsetting. How can someone 'beg' but refuse to 'work' in exchange? If you have no money, you have time. If you refuse to spend time earning money, at well above average rates, then either you are mentally challenged or are lying to get that which you don't deserve.
I will still pay $160, split between 8 venezuelans, to discuss local issues for 1 hour, in a fashion as I direct. I am confident none will actually do it. What does that tell me? Someone is lying.
And even with your story, a lot of internet work is not on the internet the whole time. A connection once per week could be enough, the rest done offline. People can learn programming + english within a year easy, especially if they will die otherwise... so ya, how has this not been done..
I see the bigger panorama. I see that there is some possibility to receive Bitcoin and some internet, and thus Venezuelans can't earn below some global floor of wages, at least for the most educated / endowed venezuelans. I see that they can hire those that have less than they do, train them, and amplify their output, and profit from it.
I know that this process can easily be done in 3 months transition, whatever. Humans aren't 'taxi drivers', humans adapt.
How is entrepreneurship so uncommon down there, when wages are so cheap??? Something does not add up.
And I remember when venezuela was thriving, just 20 years ago. I remember everyone having lots and lots of money and education, so this concept that everyone in venezuela is hopelessly stupid and incapable of contributing to societal value is a poor sales pitch, and not true.
Yes, you can complain about losing a few pennies for using the internet, but how are you not the richest person in venezuela if everyone is as poor as you say they are, and you are making thousands per month working over the internet in the global marketplace?
@_date: 2019-09-11 03:59:23
Is Satoshi a 12 yr old Chinese girl with a run of turquoise petals on her chest?
No, ya sicko.
@_date: 2019-09-11 00:02:14
A dude on TV weekly with thousands of people wearing his gear..
Probably less famous than you though, no doubt.
@_date: 2019-05-24 21:17:57
Your presumption is that if BTC gets attacked, everyone cashes into Dollars. Most logically they would cash into ETH / BCH (something else), as that is a much faster conversion... thus these would spike.
The "spike" could (again, easily easily easily) more than make up for any loss of equipment, using derivatives.
@_date: 2019-05-24 00:27:07
Ya, that kinda irk'd me. I'm no 'Bitcoin Maximalist', but I've developed a hatred for Alt Coin over the years.
Ripple &amp; EOS in particular must have paid off the "Bitcoin" meetup groups, cause like holy fuck do I hate our local "Bitcoin" group... titled "Local Bitcoin Meetup" - all they do is push people into Ripple / EOS. Standard bait an' switch.
And with ETH, I was tolerant of the PoS "never really going to happen" shenanigans that's going on 3 years now. However, their latest move was to say that rEthereum and the Devs of ETH *were actually* working for Polkadot, because Polkadot bribed them, and and that ETH was a losers blockchain... moderators, devs, and update code submitters were ALL posting memes about how ETH sucked and Polkadot (non existent) was better, after getting paid millions in ETH - and for those of you who care about ETH drama, ENS - which was publicly funded with a million plus - was seized and taken private by Nick. This would be like if Blockstream suddenly enforced an update where they got 1 Sat of every lightning chain transaction... this happened with ETH, and no one spoke up, cause they bribed all the right people - even crazier is that gd MEW drama where one partner stole millions, the brand, and unilaterally terminated the business, and played the victim, all in one go. Andreas, whom I'll never respect, ever again, even played it off like theft was OK cause 'couples fight'... they were not a couple, and theft is never OK.
Regardless, the Alts had their time in the sun. If a new batch comes, I might spot invest the hype... but all the old boys are dead to me. I don't tolerate Monero kiss asses. I don't tolerate Litecoin is 'our lil brother'. Fuck you boys.
BTC all the way, this pump. If something new comes, I'll listen, but you old dogs failed. Stop kissing our ass, and get the fuck out. Make your own game.
@_date: 2019-05-18 15:03:12
I am appreciative of history, and those that risked everything so that I may live, better. If the worst pushback I receive is casual bias and slander, I'm probably not trying near hard enough.
There is a better life out there, not through Christ or welfare, but through self-improvement and trade. It makes you rich, in this life. It makes you powerful.
For those that have been blessed with the gift of thought and function, there is nothing in this world beyond your taking, if you work intelligently to achieve.
I have made the prison of poverty disappear for several people, and will do it for several more, but not through sacrifice. When I better their lives, I get better, stronger, too.
If you learn to trade, you can make social improvement profitable. I now have a computer programmer that makes more than each of his parents at the age of 15, who was wasting his youth washing dishes. It cost me $1k in comp equipment, but he's paid me back in labor. Throughout his life, I'm quite positive I'll get even more reward.
Is it fair that I benefit others and they benefit me; am I greedy? Sure, whatever you want. But I grow rich, and those that know me grow richer, richer in money, hard cash, hard bitcoin... nothing metaphysical about this... rich in money, real money.
In time, all things become small for the future we are to achieve. The dead things stay in the past; I can't help that. But they are of no bother to the living. There are many poor people who wished I stayed poor and listened to their commands, but alas, I am a rebel. I do Bitcoin, I teach, I command, I trade.
The best way I can teach those who want to stay poor their folly, is through improving myself. If they can not learn from that, they will learn from nothing - and while they can hurt me now, they are like mud bricks stucks in a past. To escape their torment I need not fight; I need only to walk, and I do.
@_date: 2019-05-30 05:45:27
:) you are right, except for there may be a way to reduce fees without big blocks, or Lightning.
The point is fees should be careful fought against, not how to fight them. Segwit defeated fees for a few years. We will need a new solution in 2020, big blocks are not the only answer. And I don’t think Lightning is prepared to cut it.
@_date: 2019-05-24 19:24:17
Generically I dislike the term "51% attack" cause it is too vague. Verge (or whatever) and Bitcoin Gold has 2 '51% attacks', but were totally different. Verge was killed, without a reorg, and Bitcoin Gold got rewound 5 hours... while similar, financially they are very different. Verge (effectively) got Hacked, and BGold got Rewound, using approved processes. Calling it a 51% attack is too simplistic.
BCH (as I understand the tweet, article) got Rewound 2 blocks. 2 Blocks (IMO) is not something worth fussing over, especially for an Alt Coin. BTC *use to* orphan 2 blocks fairly regularly. "BCH got Rewound 2 blocks" is much more informative than "51% attacked".
Personally, though it is worth noting that 2 miners can (effectively) Rewind BCH as much as they'd like, *it should also* be noted that 2 miners *can probably, or nearly* Rewind BTC as well, if they were to collude.
The prime differences between BCH and BTC, in terms of how they react to this situation, is that BCH permanently splits. BCH is setup so that after 2 hours, chains perma fork and don't compete for one another for hash. BTC is not this way. If miners 'fork', all BTC nodes most condone and can't prevent the forking (without an upgrade, of some sort).
I've written a mini-brief on why I like the BCH method better, though Szabo prefers the BTC method. From a financial perspective, few to no issues are caused by Rewinding 1 to 2 hours (how many exchanges will let you withdraw BCH in under 12 confirms, none?). BUT if BTC was to be Rewound 3 hours, there is nothing to stop this from occurring, and you'd have havok.
Also, keep in mind this was caused simply because 2 miners together controlled 51% of the hash. For BTC, I think this possibility has presented itself before, and may again... but here's to hoping for the best! :P
@_date: 2019-05-30 13:46:46
While I'm not a fan of buying McDonald's on crypto, as Andreas has suggested, it is apparent that by NEVER using it, it becomes easy to ignore basic problems. Recently someone suggested if BTC transaction fees were millions of dollars, that could be a good thing - a 'community expert' mind you.
Segwit *could have* increased transactions per block without increasing blocksize. What other tech increases transactions per block on chain, without increasing block size? Even a 10% increase in transactions per block adds up.
If BTC transactions are $2 today, they would be $20 if the price increased 10x. It is important to keep fees down, while recognizing creation of sidechains (via Lightning) or increasing block size is not the only way.
@_date: 2019-05-30 16:30:59
BTC fell 5% in 10 minutes... at that rate it will be under $6k by 2pm.
If you are not trading, you aren't living. The Bitcoin markets are anything but efficient, anyone who says otherwise is singing you a lullaby while they work.


@_date: 2019-05-24 22:53:08
Ya, agreed. I'm frankly *more surprised* stuff like this doesn't happen more often. Bitfinix 'losing' $800 Mil (tax write off) in Panama, and Binance lossing $800 Mil (I don't really know these numbers) due to theft (another tax write off), speaks exactly what it is, in my book. Inside jobs, working on behalf of investors, to avoid taxes, etc, create centralized, privatized profits.
I have been truly amazed this hasn't happened with BTC, but there is nothing stopping it from happening, in my personal opinion.
@_date: 2019-05-18 20:42:28
@_date: 2018-12-04 22:40:27
This is a pretty accurate prophecy IMO.
Regarding the current market, I'm 5% cash. Do I think BTC will go up? Yes. Do I think it will go down? Yes.
I want to make money under both circumstances. In the short, I think we are in for 3 months of severe pain. Maybe $2,500 BTC - maybe more if people get willy and start getting *really* aggressive in the attacks. Currently **there is a LOT of** *clearly* **paid social FUD against BTC or propaganda**, designed to make you sell BTC's for *way* too cheap - it's a money maneuver.
All you do is short BTC to silly levels, and then pay news paper guys to FUD the shit out of it. This is how big news makes money (never from ads, those are worthless), but convincing societies to abandon all their money for pennies on the dollar is HUGE business, and just takes a little press manipulation most the time - oh so fucking cheap.
George Soros types do this all the time. Some complain, but better to profit with them.
Maybe BTC hits $15K next month, sure. If so, I'm VERY happy. But if BTC hits $2,500 come February, when I think the social propaganda will be at the maximum intensity, I will own more BTC than I do today - and that is all that matters.
If BTC hits $3k or $2k or somewhere in that range, how much will you profit? Plan for it, and it makes these chaotic swings glorious.
@_date: 2019-05-18 19:25:26
Ya totally lol. I got strong opinions on all that, but in short (if I was to talk about this with a strong Christian) I say that I like Jesus, but Benjamin Franklin did it better.
If you *actually* understand the parables of Jesus, they are actually very good for society and VERY rebellious in nature. Extremely anti-authoritarianism. However, Jesus today is promoted as a pacifist slave, which he was not. This is the work of the masters rebranding Christianity into a weird, pathetic concept.
Example, Jesus was very big into investing. I discuss this a lot. He was also big into studying knowledge in your free time, I discuss this. He was also big into forming small, secretive business social groups to strengthen your message, etc.
Bennie Franks, however, takes these similar concepts and makes them very explicit, the purpose of these activities is to make shit tons of fucking money which you can use to fuck over anyone who gets in your way, even England. Bennie Franks lived and conquered Europe, Jesus died and lost to Rome.
If more people acted in the guidance of Bennie Franks, we'd have a more populated, wealthier, happier, satisfying world.
It is fairly easy to turn *weak* Christians into strong believers of Bennie Franks, with a little encouragement. But unlike *christianity* today which encourages slavery, I take the messages that create strength, and deny the rest.
lol... but that is not what I'm all about (aside Ben, I talk Ben to everyone). I don't believe in sacrifice, I believe in trade and winning. Sacrificing is a losers game; Jesus did well but he lost. Ben won. He did it better.
@_date: 2018-12-23 16:13:31
* Civil wars and collapses mark the epoch of 2025 to 2030.
* Crypto replaces meaningful wealth transference.
* New government forms take shape, modeled after Swiss communities.
* Short sellers replace Fed for market stabilization.
* Humans become scarce resource. Models for new development replace all levels of education.
* Prosperty is made by that which can transfer technology fastest.
* 5% of populations begin deep online reorganization. Like hard money, you can’t keep better politics out of ones country.
* Geographic identity fades to cultural identity.
* A new religion forms. A new government forms.
* Dual economy, dual society.
@_date: 2018-12-12 01:32:10
I'm an accountant, so I work and advise several businesses. I got this company to accept BTC (et al):
And am working on:
The mushroom guys sell (and hodl) a LOT of crypto. There is a natural fit between perfectly legal mushroom spores microbiological examination and crypto technology. He says he uses this to gage the market (whatever people spend, he buys). He has a preference toward BCash, Monero, and LTC, and felt he missed the boat on BTC so he's always looking for the 'next big thing' (though he holds whatever he receives).
The lab equipment guys are old, and anti-risk. But they've been shut down 2 or 3 times for excessive fraud. It didn't even cross my mind to get them turned on to BTC until today. For various reasons, I keep my information quite until I can workout the profit angle. If you're good at something, don't do it for free... [how about a magic trick?](
I use to give out info for free, but I'm a *really* profitable commodity, and most are unaccustomed to paying the proper due. Made a few poo' folks over a million last year and got like $10,000. This required a lot of time and effort on my part. I gave another guy tips on how to improve his business, which took 2 years of politicking because people hate tips on getting better, but once he did he now earns $100k more per year - and essentially celebrates everyday of his life as this was also a 100% bump in ongoing pay. For that I got $1,000.
The only time I've had anyone give me any reasonable kickback was when I worked with some rich folks who I made 1,000% return in 90 days, and even then I got like 5% of their profit. I love to work with people, but at this point I find it better to not spend my time helping others, and just to make 1 extra play.
I have got a bit of a reputation as a money machine though, which does make me happy - just not rich, which is what I'd much rather prefer.
When Bitcoin was $2,000 I spent $5,000 on advertisement to motivate people in my neighborhood to buy in - sending out door-to-door mailers (they cost like $0.30 / house) and posting up 7' x 6' signs. Replaced my entire shops signage with Bitcoin shit for like a year.
Come February I will be mailing out another 10,000 mailers about Bitcoin and other projects I work on, as well as tax service. Hopefully I can incorporate an investment club by then, and can sell shares of stock so that I can invest money on behalf of a business, as opposed to giving out the goods for free. From there, I will probably raise $500,000 before the next mega push, and should be set for life now that I can set my own fee of 10% or what have you, instead of 0%, 1%, 5% or $1,000 which seems to be peoples go to assumption for professional, timely advice.
Lessons learned.
@_date: 2018-12-08 08:01:08


You really underestimate intelligence in others.
@_date: 2019-05-24 15:44:37
Goal is 720 Satellites, with 60 per launch.
12 launches, 1 per month - complete global coverage at high speed by June, 2020.
@_date: 2019-05-30 06:05:53
Maybe MAST maybe Schronner, I dunno. Even a 10% efficiency increase may be sufficient till 2024.
@_date: 2019-05-18 12:25:57
Wouldn’t matter. Even if I did have seeds, then you’d need passwords, and to crack it before I realized I got robbed.
Unlike England with ‘no scissors’ laws, we got guns here. Death penalty for a break in, and I got 2 visible cameras plus two hidden streamed to my phone and recording. And I’m on a busy road with a busy business next door. Still, violence is a concern.
You’d walk away with less money then you would robbing a nice house, and with substantially more risk. Bitcoins seeds uncrackable &amp; guaranteed to get on video.
You can get 4 cameras from Amazon for $300. Everyone should do this. Point 2 toward the door + street, and the real trick is to keep one or two inside. Robbers stop hiding their faces once they get inside.
@_date: 2018-12-23 01:59:35
Proudly I’ve held BTC since Nov, 2017 till Dec, 2018. Some USD but not near enough. This beautiful price for Bitcoin and Ethereum warms my soul. I’ve increased my BTC holdings 5 fold. And have much more BTC ownership than I did 1 week ago. I hope by the end of the next 5 years to have 500% more Bitcoins than I do today.
 will you increase your Bitcoins?
@_date: 2018-12-04 16:20:15
My opinion is this:
1) If BTC wasn't consuming this hydro power, couldn't any other computational program? Isn't manufacturing of mining equipment (which is not hydro powered) part of the BTC power consumption?
2) BTC has FAR too much inflation. 650,000 blocks / year is absolutely not necessary - especially with a check point system. Considering that mining hasn't been distributed for years, I think decreasing the rate of inflation, which likewise decreases energy costs or increases value, is socially responsible behavior.
If you compare BTC to Gold (which IMO is the best comparison), BTC is far more renewable friendly. To create a similar ecological cost as Gold mining, one might need ~$150 Bil of annual spending on BTC mining.
That would happen if BTC hit $500,000 prior to 2024 or $1 Mil prior to 2028 - not saying this will happen, but some say it will or should, and if so BTC would be at least pushing itself into being less ecologically friendly than Gold.
Now these things are like $9 Trillion or $18 Trillion valuations - which exceeds the total value of all Gold ($8 Trillion) - but some compare BTC to Fiat and this is where things go wrong. Fiat serves a completely different purpose than Gold economics. What innovations have been spurred from or funded by BTC? What manufacturing facilities or production endeavors?
BTC has fostered learning, but that lead to Ethereum. BTC has fostered manufacturing, but that lead to BCH.
Bitcoin has trouble retaining the fruits of its endeavors - there is little motivation for anyone to stay within the Bitcoin economy (aside aversion to the precipitous increase in slander that shortly follows) - so there is a negative motivation, but what is the positive motivation to stay Bitcoin?
Even Andreas is selling Ethereum these days, and a lot of BTC Devs sell Monero 'because it's a good guy' somehow lol.
Ya, there was the pineapple fund, but that was short-lived, a one-off, and not representative of a sustainable economy - I'm getting off-subject: I do ramble.
@_date: 2019-05-30 03:30:51
I don't know if I'm the only one not on crazy pills but when fees approach $5 regularly, we are going to have issues...
If you don't think so, you are naive.
@_date: 2019-05-25 00:02:29
You are right, it was August! What follows is a series of excuses:
In my head, I had already advanced the timeline 2 months - halving was like June, 2016 and now it is May, 2020 = 1 month, plus I predict market is getting 'tighter' = 2nd month bump.
But frankly, I was just WRONG!!
@_date: 2018-12-21 12:07:25
It’s saying:
1) Blockchains are exempt from Howie IF functional network, AND (far more important)
2) ’Likekind exchange’ is being rewritten to say instead of ‘Real Estate’ to ‘certain assets’ which will be crypto &amp; real estate, BACK DATED to Jan 1, 2017.
I know a good number of people bankrupted from tax bills by making BTC to ETH to BTC trades, getting 30% taxed in 2017, and subsequently losing 80% in 2018. This would be the case for nearly everyone who actually filed taxes correctly, and didn’t prepay their tax bill (which no one does), and had a substantial amount.
I lost a ton of money but refusing to sell at $19.5k because of fear of the 30% tax consequences. I’d be bankrupt today if I had. Now I’m just broke haha.
@_date: 2019-05-24 22:49:24
This is all a misunderstanding. BCH will probably not change, and be 'as good as BCH will be'.
CZ's comments were about Rewinding BTC for days. Had CZ noticed within minutes, and Rewound BTC 3 blocks (which costs 3 x 12.5 x $8,000 = $300,000), which is similar to the case above, no one would *or could have* done anything about it. There is nothing stopping BTC from being Rewound, with enough money thrown at it.
The social uproar is good though, to at least dissuade the colluders from discussing it openly. Obviously, the 'decentralized' nature of BTC is not a thing, as it applies to hash. I think everyone knows that :P
@_date: 2019-05-30 11:33:55
Most other blockchains are near free. Round the $0.25 mark, people will pay attention, beyond $5 people change habits.
@_date: 2019-05-18 19:51:42
I did not, sadly. BUT I stopped advertising BTC after it broke $10k, so I got that goin' for me ;)
I initially advertised HARD when BTC was $1,800. I made others a lot of money. This time, I'm hoping to work out a better trade lol. I got like $5k in billings, this time I'm aiming for $20k in billings.
But last time I DID get like 6 digits profit (lost most of it) from getting into an ICO which was a result of my networking, etc. So... that's way the fuck more than any employer pays, so there is that.
I made my friends and family like $300k+ from getting them into crypto early, and made associates over $1 Mil. This is good, cause when I get baller rich, I'll direct people asking for handouts to these guys, and they won't be asking me. Back in the day, I was more "I have to give back"... but I've played that game, I've killed myself for the lazy drug addicts... I've helped them, and now I say it's time to trade boys. All those I need to get rich, I've done it. Now I can squeeze new honeycombs for profits.
@_date: 2018-12-20 15:37:42
^ We actually got a smart Bitcoin'er here.
Gen pop is quite foolish. *Some* get confused with BCash and Bitcoin (I think 99% of those public claims are *false* intended to rile up Bitcoin'ers against BCashers... but there are several who fuck a few hundred dollars and never report it... an accident has to happen 100 times before someone speaks up). Educating yourself on crypto takes - a while. To marginally understand Bitcoin might be 500 hours of work, and most Maximalists I see don't even understand after years of usage, because they miss the less explicit properties.
Paying people to watch a 1 hour video on 'sucker coin' will not make them more educated, only more likely to buy. It takes hundreds of hours to weed through the marketing bullshit, and to see what's really is going on.
Hasu is unquestionable on point here. Coinbase is continuing its policy to push Ethereum, which can be used for Tokens, and then push the tokens.
I am by no means a *Bitcoin Maximalist* but I have never recommended casuals buy anything other than Bitcoin or Ethereum - everything else is too risky or complex. As an educated user, I buy a variety of things - but it'd be nice to have a website that keeps people well grounded. Bummer.
@_date: 2019-05-18 02:00:01
I did sell though (and rebought more). There is a crazy formula I shouldn't really be telling you about (turn back now if you want to keep your BTC kiddie pants on)..
Bitcoin Price Function of Demand less Excess Supply. There are two components to Excess, New and Cash Out. New is 4% dropping to 2%. If 10% of the Bitcoins can correctly predict a 10% drop in price and rebuy twice per year... that gobbles every single bit of new issuance at 2%.
After new issuance gets consumed (which is the true limitation upon price), then new demand MUST force a Cash Out event. Long story short is, not everyone needs to learn to spot peaks and troughs, but if you want to be a "bitcoin maximalist" and send Bitcoin to the moon, you must buy lots and lots of Bitcoin. The best way to do that is to spot *small* peaks and troughs and to exploit them.
I will never buy BTC at $100k each with earnings BUT if I can sell at $120k and buy at $100k, I'll do that all day. I hope to continue buying Bitcoin, way past $100k... here's to wishing.
@_date: 2018-12-11 22:13:16
I consider myself a libertarian socialist, and supported Bernie and Jill Stein, but I agree with a lot of his political views. The Swiss earn $60,000 more (on average) to that of Americans or European commoners, and there are clear reasons why: living in extreme isolation and with perpetual fear of foreigners has its benefit. Swiss have the most restrictive immigration policies, and just 2 years ago executed a national campaign suggesting whites need to kick blacks out of the country, with 40% approval. Despite this, they exert extreme influence over global order, and protect their children as if they were handpicked by God - spending a lot of time and energy into their development, making them unequivocally superior and masters of the economy and social rule.


Before I go on, I want to say this was an excellent interview, absolutely loved it. **What is libertarian socialism?**
The best representative of this concept was Benjamin Franklin (but it continued with Nikola Tesla). In short libertarian socialism is small central government with hugely influential social clubs. Benjamin did this with his Junto, and Nikola did this by freely sharing his knowledge and ideas. For Benjamin, the best charity one could give was to work smart, whereby increasing your self-worth benefits the economy as a whole. Benjamin supported a flat-per-person tax, making all persons (citizen, slave, or immigrant) taxed equally. He felt this would immediately end slavery as slaves produce 1/5 that of a free man, and likewise would stimulate States to improve the quality of their citizenry as once someone crossed over some minor threshold, they keep 100% of what they made on top.
That is libertarian socialism - *equality of tax with self-stimulated social organization*.
**Fiat does a few things Bitcoin cannot do (very well).** Fiat:
1) Can develop large projects (Hoover Dam, space exploration)
2) Can over-prepared defense (Peacetime military, nuclear technology), and
3) Can process large masses (children's education, media propaganda)
Fiat is also less volatile, thus allowing a more consistent economy, but this may prove to be a short-term risk (for Bitcoin).
For these reasons, I believe it to be imperative that Bitcoin Societies begin to aggressively self-organize into social clubs, and to proactively reach out and indoctrinate foreigners, including children. The prime difference between Benjamin Franklin and today is that he did not aggressively seek-out to sway and develop those who did not want to develop themselves, **but that way is long-gone.** We must find and stimulate the argumentative and unfocused into productive output, or these hoards will be turned against us in time. There is no denial of these facts.
For larger projects, Benjamin setout to create the American Philosophical Society. But I believe his dream there was unable to be accomplished for multiple reasons. 1) Restrictions of communication and movement, and 2) I believe intellectuals naturally repulse one another like electrons: they need neutrons and protons, the developing and the doing, to create their benefit and dreams.
 Musk is a society of one.
To this end, I think it is important to keep the centralized head of the new world societies NOT overly intelligent, or restricted. By making it more comprised of commoners, than the best-of-the-best or a team of allstars, it is more likely to become cohesive, and the unelected are better prepared to defeat it, should the time come.


I think with such a process, you can better develop big projects, while creating swaths of organic growth.
Lastly, rather than include all people, I believe in proof of work - only those willing commit time, effort, and risk should be allowed to participate in government. My belief here is to return to the caucus method of voting, forcing 1 hour discussions prior to a vote.  Furthermore, I believe in paying persons who have contributed and voted well, and that this should amount to the majority of tax expenditure: portioning out funds to the most educated, social, and honorable among us, not some central government.
I have developed a process to execute these endeavors, and if you'd like to know more, just ask.
However, I have added some small forms of social welfare for the biggest contributors and best social clubs. In addition, when it comes to welfare, instead of sponsoring all migrants, new parents, youths, and seekers indiscriminately, I likewise organize them into a competition and sponsor only the best of these. Through this way, welfare systems can become sponsored without runaway costs, and you avoid the race to the bottom, as only the 'best migrants' and 'best youths' receive funding, until they are developed sufficiently to join a wider society.
But that is my view on how to deal with achieving the benefits of fiat, while maintain trust minimization, and without strong-form central governance. The way America was - the way it can be again.
@_date: 2018-12-13 11:18:38
Casual users really don’t matter pricewise and if they can get FUD’d out of BTC they shouldn’t own it.
‘You can’t protect stupid.’ People in London are no longer allowed to carry scissors. Once you make regulations for stupid people, it never ends. Best to say ‘Allah akbar, these $1 coins could stab 1,000 eyes out of the infidels!!’ Then to tell people you’ll remove every possible threat. If people can’t protect themselves from scissors, $1 coins, or FUD then they aren’t trying hard enough.
Also keep in mind the FUD works in reverse, the ‘$1 Mil BTC euphoria FUD’ which pressaudes you not to sell - do you speakup then, too?
@_date: 2019-05-18 19:41:55
Yes, you are exactly right. With one exception, there is a 10,000 people fair taking place on my street tomorrow. I'll be wearing a suit (or maybe a crypto shirt), and will be working the crowd. I'm extremely persuasive. I'll also be handing out tomato plants, etc, so it should look classy, respectable, at least for the area.
Getting people to Google BTC is about all I'm after. Now is the time to get people *regretting* that they didn't buy earlier. But to do that, I need to first 'tell them to buy', they will reject my offer, and then they will say 'ya you were right' (and others will make up an excuse). Getting them to *actually* buy isn't super, super critical, but getting them to recognize my timeliness and as the source of contact when they want to get interested in doing it, is.
And most who *actually* buy won't contact me or pay me in any sort of way. BUT, when the next crypto event comes to town, there will be more attendees, etc... and when I'm like "I got the sign" they'll be like "Oh you're that guy!"
Just FYI the cross thing is a wood sign (for tax services). It only looks like a cross in picture, not when you see it 3d. It's a sign, with lights attached (reddit was fucking up when I posted it, thought it needed it in lower quality, so apologies for not being able to zoom in).
After the 60 min special, after my 10k (or so) mailers in June, I might get 3 or 4 Doctors who say, hook me up. My experience with Doctors is that they'll pay me $5k if it's a good pump. So I might make $20k from 4 Drs. alone (for a total cost of $5k for mailers, etc - I'm also a CPA, so I got pro cred, etc). But there is the added benefit of boosting my rep in networking events, and the social benefit of getting people more interest in BTC on their own. I'll likely get like 500 to 1,000 ppl investing, more interested in investing, who just will never contact me, so I don't benefit, but that's fine. When the tax bill comes, maybe they get me for taxes lol.
And there is a *super* secret thing many don't know about, which is the QOF. I won't go into this now, but you pay 0% tax on ALL BTC profits, no matter the amount, if you hold for over 1 year. It's complex, and I should be the only one in the State who likely understand both BTC and QOF's charging under $1k per hour.
But to your point, the worst situation is that poor (type) people badger me about BTC. I'm fairly good at either helping these people quick (I'll do 15 min all day) - but most people like this want 5 hours of hand holding to invest $1k, which just can never be worth my time, unfortunately.
I'll direct them to BTC meetups, but sadly the OFFICIAL Bitcoin meetup in my area is ONLY to pump EOS or Ripple. I thought it would be better, but nope... every god damn meeting, "BTC was good, but now Ripple", etc. So they'll get hoodwinked and fucked by the free advice, but whatever, I'm only one person. If they can't google, if they can't figure out coinbase ap... I mean I think everyone should have Bitcoin, but I can't kill myself until they all do, no matter how much they resist.
The fucking coffee is getting me chatty.
@_date: 2019-05-24 20:55:53
Yes, BUT in terms of 'business perspective' it is 100% an acceptable risk. Businesses typically pay 3% for transacting... which is like if BTC / BCH was Rewinding once every 5 hours. And also there are chargebacks, false charges, fraud, etc... which BTC / BCH can't do, which it way more than makes up for... like if BTC was widely used and accepted, businesses would pay over 3%, to not have chargebacks alone.
It does disrupt business, but practically speaking all that matters are exchanges, who transact millions of BTC / Dollars per block (Binance). No one else matters.
@_date: 2018-12-13 03:24:45
This very much captures his likeness. He is very green.
j/k the shading really is great.
@_date: 2018-12-14 05:44:08
I wager lambda will have 100x the students in 3 years of Rithm with that business model.
There is a difference between 'good for you' and 'good for business'. Most students can't learn fully in 3 months IMO, and Lambda has a *ton* of follow-up add ons. Likewise, $0 down vs *any amount* down will EASILY appeal to 10x the number of *casual consumers*.
Lambda is not a good deal for smart, self-motivated people. There are shorter, cheaper programs. But that's like 1% of the population. 99% of people want someone to tell them exactly what to do with 0% chance of risk - that's Lambda.
But this is not 'what's good for you', this is what will be good for business, and I would wager 100 to 1 that Lambda will grow more profitable than Rithm in no time, and be 100x more so shortly after. Lambda is already setting up a worldwide network after just 1 year, opening in Europe &amp; India I think next year - you are thinking too small. You are under appreciating the vast difference of something with 99% rate of appeal vs 1%.
@_date: 2018-12-21 16:36:58
If you traded BTC for ETH, say in Dec, then you'd owe like 30% of your BTC profit. If you held the ETH from Dec until December, you'd have 80% decline (or some such).
I am educated on tax matters, and will not be discussing this point further. You are incorrect in your analysis for 'the average investor'.
@_date: 2018-12-20 20:53:34


@_date: 2018-12-23 06:44:54
I will - at a better value. Up 10% already. Will at up 200%.
@_date: 2018-12-19 16:50:07
All future employees are poor - I hire &amp; manage wealth. Poor can’t judge knowledge but all can judge appearance. I got to sell.
@_date: 2018-12-21 00:23:34
No, but coinbase is offering you tokens for watching 1 hour videos about timeshares, crystal therapy, and how to refinance your debt with 0% interest rates before it's too late!
It's all a part of Coinbase Scams U university. It's educational, after all.
However, unlike real education, all this education is paid for by advertisers... ahem 'generous benefactors' so that you can buy their products (whoops)... learn how to make their products?... learn how to use their products you have to buy in order to use?... Interact with their products?... Well, you have to buy the products if you want to benefit from the education, that's just standard... but after you become a professor of buying up shit, the next step is to... well, none of these things are useful now, but just imagine as if they were! That's the education you'll receive, a glimpse into my imagination that you have to pay for, and in exchange I'll give you tokens which I may one day put actual effort into making useful... just like Bitcoin.
After all, Satoshi founded Bitcoin by promising 3-day Cruises to come to his 1 hour interactive lecture in which you gave him money, and then he promised you he might give you something useful one day... and then 20 years later Bitcoin was born! Without the good will of the people trusting he may one day finish what he started, well... then you'd have no Bitcoin of course!
@_date: 2019-05-30 05:42:00
... ya, I said nothing about BCH. The point is BTC should remain functional as a stand alone product, if feasible.
The tweet suggest sending BTC could cost millions of dollars... this is a BAD direction to head toward. I don’t care NO FEES but $5+ fees will actually start to pump alts, IF IT BECOMES THE NORM.
@_date: 2018-12-19 12:41:11
Generically I say if you don’t own BTC, put 15% to 5% of assets into BTC NOW. If you don’t own Cash, put 5% to 3% of BTC into Cash now.
But Yolo. Diversification is for suckahs. We all know what roller guy meme means - straightup to $150k no brakes. This has been true all throughout the history of Bitcoin, as far back as I can remember.
@_date: 2018-12-20 19:53:25
@_date: 2019-05-18 15:15:50
I don't support ETH (at all) today. This sign is from 2 years ago.
@_date: 2018-12-04 17:20:30
If BTC only doubled every 4 years, then we'd be even in terms of energy demand, output.
If BTC goes up 10x every 4 years and mining goes down 2x, then we are at a net energy increase of 5x every 4 years. Not unreasonable 'all things considered' but also not necessary for a cryptographic process.
@_date: 2019-05-18 14:40:18
lol... I didn't recognize people were thinking that. That is my wood sign for my business (tax and money services).
The "cross" beam holds two lights that come on at night to illuminate the sign. It's solar power, so I had to get them close to the sign.
@_date: 2018-12-15 19:21:42
*You are so insightful. TV programs are edited? Tell me more...*
@_date: 2018-12-18 02:10:00
It is time for our annual review of the work of Aaron Swartz.


His [Inspiration]( - The [Manifesto](
The global revolutions are upon us, all over the world, whether we want them are not. Those that have studied change, read the winds like notes upon a page. Global war, strife, revolt, and oppression will be seen in the coming decade: we've been quiet too long - the world has changed too much.
Nassim Taleb, the billionaire trader, is [warning the world]( He knows the wrong, and he knows the good. Few have put together the pieces, save him and VERY few others, but the shapes are forming. He is unversed in 'true' government, but his talent for honest observation has led him upon a quest beyond his comprehension: why is it only one-small-nation, in the history of the world, has implemented the objectively verifiable best government of all time? Why is it that all their neighbors slave, and they prosper?
Yet, they are known. They are the center of global rule making, postal service, international banking, and a host of others global industries and governmental services serve beneath their feet, yet the peasants do not look up. And soon, they will come for the cryptocurrencies, for they are attempting to install a capital city - one city to rule this technology.
The peasants are numerous, yes, but can they be clever? Can they mine the mountains and unlock the secrets buried beneath their vaults. Their greed has been vast, but it can also be the undoing - for a united &amp; civil people have no need of masters. We cannot destroy the mountain kings, but we can unseath the yoke that bends us into a mule and plow. For Truth is a mighty bright Light, which Blinds the wicked.
But slumber ye, who hear me not. Sleep, and fall unto the myst. For the world is dark, and without an equal amount of faith we will never find our way home.
But in me, I choose to burn.
@_date: 2018-12-23 20:44:30
No, too lost on sci-fi dystopia. To clarify basic points, the world will move from:




You misapply combativeness to technology, when it is additive. There can only be one winner in contests, but humans have a fixed cost. Any gains in excess of fixed cost fund replication. Also, each advancement in technology creates 2 job paths (exponential), not linear. Cumulative new jobs FAR exceed jobs losts, WHILE reducing fixed cost per human.
Once humans become a net positive by age 18 (vs age 30 today), the excess over fixed cost will become grossly mismatched, without each human having 5 births per family. This advancement will happen in packets (building on top), not holistic replacement ('no half measures!').
Prior generations are irregardless. Their cost is paid once they obtain 25 yrs, everything beyond that is profit (save criminals, those with negative societal benefit). Also, as job diversity expands, greater portions of society can be put to use reducing 'dead weight' as you say.
As mentioned, the 'baby boom' will occur AFTER the 'supply scarcity' infects the elder generations, pulling away percentages from prior tasks, stabilizing wages. Once this is done to such a degree, then the only new source for *cheap* labor will be increased amounts of future children - all the while elder generations produce even more.
@_date: 2019-05-28 04:15:57
I really can’t find anywhere, so I’ve taken the Szabo approach and said ‘fuck it, it can take care of itself’. I’m willing to sponsor a weekly or monthly discussion so long as it follows these guidelines:
* Must be done as a group, preferably 8 to 12
* Each participant must comment, share, etc (show &amp; tell style)
* Each group must elect 2 reps from said group
* The 2 reps must be willing to meet with reps of other groups
I’d put down some sats for a monthly ‘Bitcoin Community Call’.
I hate this whole subservient culture to figureheads that gets created through structureless leadership, and the endless sales pitching that are 1,000 person conferences.
@_date: 2019-05-18 16:11:27
I mentioned in some other comments a few steps I take to be safe, however, I'll go over a few things here, generically:
For trading accounts, 2FA. Thus the CPU is worthless without also grabbing the phone.
For BTC it's actually real easy, just do passwords. Now this means that your passwords and seeds must be duplicated off site. I got mine in a few places, but a safe deposit box or even "hidden" inside someone else's house without telling them. It's just a USB drive.
For your person, carry a loaded firearm, and have more in the home. Don't let in strangers, etc, and be prepared to kill. Always kill, never shoot.
Teach a relative how to use BTC. This is important for their own wealth, but also for inheritance. You could randomly die, and if they know your BTC seeds and Passwords, your legacy continues.
Teach a young person (tech savvy friend) how to use BTC, one whom your relatives trust. You can't update mom and pop, brother and sister on new tech if they'd don't give a shit. But if they got the seeds, passwords, and a friend of yours or two whom they can turn to, then they should be set for assistance on how to use, if the time comes.
Get security cameras from Amazon for $300. You can get 4 cameras, recorded and live streamed to the phone 24 / 7. Easy to install, super, super effective at deterring theft. Point at least 1 or 2 toward the road, so that the car pulling up to the house gets on video before they even get close.
It's not bad to have a dummy wallet. If someone gets a few hundred or a few thousand, that might easily pacify them. Andreas does this.
Generically speaking, always be prepared to kill or die trying whomever attempts to take your BTC. You don't want to die, you want to kill. But also be aware they'll never get your passwords without you telling them. So just kill them, or force them to kill you. Either is good, in the long-term. Don't do like in the movies, fight, bite, kill yourself, at every opportunity, fight until you pass-out and die.


Another alternative is to store BTC using a multi-signature wallet in 2 or 3 safe deposit boxes at separate banks. Even if you wanted to, you can't access your BTC without going into a secure location.
Lastly, there are several people I know with 1000x the BTC I have, and they are not dead or kidnapped.
Nick Szabo, Andreas, Tim Draper, McAfee, Vitalik, Vlad, Afri, Luke Jr, Todd, Adam, Lopp... and so on.
Each of these guys tell people about Bitcoin, and tell people where to find them. If they have less than me, then I'm a monkey's uncle. They are WAY easier to kidnap then me, I don't even think Adam carries a gun and the young ones get fucked up on drugs at conferences.
If relatives of Tim Draper are safe from kidnapping, without bodyguards, then I'm pretty safe with a 9.
@_date: 2018-12-21 12:43:52
Exactly - or hold cash upon an exchange for more than 6 months.
@_date: 2018-12-21 19:19:28
I think most intelligent people can understand it. When speaking in technicals, best to be understood vs conventional.
@_date: 2019-05-24 21:01:16
So you short BTC, and the attack proceeds... you always short a coin when you Rewind attack (and long alternatives)... For example, you can Rewind BTC, short BTC using derivatives, and long BCH / ETH, etc... So long as any similar hash algo remains useful (BCH), your miners don't become worthless.
Like if Bitmain was publicly traded, you could short mining stock too... and short all big bitcoin miners... to easily more than make up for the loss of equipment value.
The main difference between BCH and BTC (and why it presumably won't happen), is that BTC requires ~$1 Billion of dollars to collude all at once, and BCH requires $100 Mil. $1 Bil is not a huge chunk, in terms of total dollars in the world (or government power), but it's far, far more than BCH.
@_date: 2019-05-24 19:03:21
June / July are historically the worst months for BTC, this is why I am *anti* bull run.
In 2014, BTC dipped to $200 twice... like Feb and again in June.
In 2019, BTC dipped to $3.2k in Mar. I'm predicting another dip in June (pattern trading BTC has proven reasonably reliable).
The questions I have are thus:
Will BTC hit $11k and then dip to $8k in June?  Or will BTC dip to like $5.5k in June? and,
Though I absolutely disagree with T Drapes, that BTC will hit $225k in the 'bear' market of 2022... if he proves correct, basically BTC has to skyrocket each year from here on... like $30k 2019, $100k, 2020, $200k 2021, $225k 2022... If you calculate mining expenses based on these numbers (which is basically the minimum *new sales* targets you must hit), you get:
$20 Bil, $65 Bil, $65 Bil, &amp; $73 Bil of new investment each year, respectively (roughly) - with about $4 Bil average last year.
So basically either T Drapes is *wrong*, and BTC will dip in June per usua, or BTC is severely undervalued and should be like $15k this summer - However, T Drapes has access to like $300 Bil of investor VC money, so betting against him in a game of money isn't super wise.
Long story short, I'm lost lol.
@_date: 2018-12-19 15:59:40
Sort of true, and not. At some point you got to express your wealth. Living frugal is great (I do), but if the economy downturns you are equally vulnerable as if you had borrowed debt.
Say you are a millionaire. Let's say your car is $5,000 &amp; furnishings $5,000. Let's say *others* are at $20,000 - this is peer group, not millionaire to millionaire.
Now economy goes south for 5 years before recovery. Now you still have more investment than peer group, but it's like $500,000. You now have trouble creating new connections as you are judged as someone worth $50,000. Everyone knows the economy is bad, but you show it. Now upon recovery you've spent 5 years with depressed marketing potential, because you refused to upgrade when opportunity knocked.
Better is time market correctly (best you can), and upgrade at said time to meet (or slightly exceed) peers. Project yourself 5 years out, what are your minimum tastes, in terms of assets?
Now economy crashes, but you have $10,000 of new things to show for it - doesn't take much to impress the poor. Now you look like you were unaffected by the crash, either smart and profited or so rich you didn't give a shit. Now opportunity arises to 'buy the dip'.
You now got $20,000 of goods to use as collateral for loans (potentially), etc, etc. Generically, no matter how much wealth you have, I suggest expressing 5% of it in hard assets. A millionaire with less than $50,000 in furnishings, car, house, etc is *leveraged*, not frugal, IMO.
In particular my hard asset is owning a business, which is a rather substantial sum of capital I cannot easily liquidate even if I wanted to. I have absolutely 0% expectation ownership of the business will provide more than Bitcoin, but I can't liquidate so... but I could loan against, if desired to. I also upgraded my life *reasonably* during the Bitcoin boom, took a vacation, etc. I'm not in *lifestyle debt* or whatever you may call it.
Despite what Millionaire next door teaches, etc. I find it better to invest in yourself to some extent relative to wealth. I also invest in the extended children of my family, buying them computers, teaching them to code etc. Just because the market crashes for 5 years (pretend), doesn't mean I can tell the kids to stop growing - and it's far more profitable to grow kids properly than to be so leveraged that they suffer. Sure you say, in 5 years they will thank you, but even though this is not *technically* debt, it creates a similar outcome.
Just something to think about.
@_date: 2018-12-11 23:12:41


Thanks! How I'm doing?
Elon Musk develops the world. He hires people, directs people, and contributes to social good. He has vision and makes sensible, economic contribution - steering society in a better direction.
A dozen Elon Musks could run the government better than the government. If you want a new hero, checkout [Austen Allred]((guess what, ANOTHER IMMIGRANT!). Between Nassim Taleb, Nick Szabo, Austen Allred, Elon Musk... it is undeniable migration stimulates the creative brain.
@_date: 2018-12-16 01:35:14
Independent thought is good, distraction is bad. But there is a difference between followers and leaders. Ver is a follower.
Vitalik is a leader, and he always says, "Ethereum is developing, and Bitcoin is dealing with 1,000 social issues." He act like he cares, but he's playing up foreigner drama.
The Fluffy Pony guy does similar, "OMG Bitcoin Forks suck (why?)!!! But Bitcoin is COOL, Bitcoin and Monero, buddies." Leads in with faux concern, follows up with buy my alt coin.
WhalePanda is likewise, "THIS JUST IN - Bitcoin and socket puppet show going on in Taiwan, Ver is a douche, XXXX is going to jail, and just what the hell is with these cheetos?" While his profession is trading and marketing for traders. These distractions are job related, not 'because this is who he is'. He's focused on trading, or influencing the public regarding trading.
Cobra is obvious, but these others are better.
Now you hopefully see the difference. Roger says I am your enemy. Fluff, Whale, Vitalik say I am your friend, just curious, or a bottle of funnies. You follow the others off a cliff, you attack Roger.
@_date: 2018-12-11 07:08:56
Kennedy was a hero and his day shall come.
@_date: 2018-12-18 05:07:09


I'd be amazed if he couldn't swing $200 Mil for a shits and giggles bet into Bitcoin, but $55 Mil from his personal assets wouldn't surprise me. He has been a loud supporter of Bitcoin as 'robust' and the type of tech he enjoys. He's closing toward retirement and is beginning to venture into pet projects.
@_date: 2019-05-30 04:02:53
Ug, you’re serious.
LN is NOT Bitcoin. It’s fine for *instant*, *micro*, &amp; *auxiliary*. It is NOT fine to cripple BTC to pump LN - that’s not how markets work.
I’m all for how things are today. $2 fees are fine. But *regular* $5 fees are ludicrous *and unnecessary*, until 1 sat = $5, at which point it is OK.
I’m not trying to get tribal here, but $5 fees are not OK. That’s all I want us to agree to. Fees regularly over $5 should be avoided, if technologically possible.
@_date: 2019-05-18 13:10:20
I'll be following this up with several thousand door-to-door mailers in a month for a Bitcoin and Bowl event.
It's important for people to profit personally, but also to profit as a community. If you profit $100k but your friends and family stay slumming, there are hidden costs in caring for them. Conversely, if 5 friends and family members profit $100k each, that is 5x more than you did personally, and provides a safety blanket without the government.
When you profit your community, you create safety. Practice looking beyond your life, and into the lives of others, and you can make a world without need for so much political interference. If you wanted to create a Bitcoin world, step 2 is learning how to create community. Benjamin Franklin explains all this real clear in his autobiography. If you want to learn more about him, study the 13 virtues + Junto associations, and you have a roadmap for a prosperous society without government.
Intelligent libertarianism is not everyone for themselves in a wild west environment. Intelligent libertarianism involves substantial amount of social education and the development of trade relationships. Once you get into trading, you quickly recognize the smarter and harder your trading partners work, the better your outcomes. So growing people, growing your associates, learning how they can benefit you, and learning how you can benefit them, and maximizing these things, are important steps to creating an independent society without welfare and social controls.
@_date: 2018-12-31 19:21:29
Sass is a good trading policy. He with most sass, has the most wealth - Confucius saying.
@_date: 2018-12-21 15:35:09
You don’t have to be to promote Bitcoin. Rules on Fin Advice:
1) Don’t say; Danny, based on your situation, YOU need Bitcoins!!


2) Don’t explicitly lie, ‘pump and dump’ (etc).


3) Don’t hold assets for others


That’s about it. And generally I’d shy away from personal, 1 on 1, compensation. Group compensation (or a newsletter) is automatically not investment advice, as it’s not one on one.
I never recommend anything other than ETH or BTC. All my compensation is purely voluntary (if it works out, I won’t refuse a tip of 10% of profits). And if they want to get into small stuff, I won’t discuss it but they can issue me a loan (which I MUST repay or face lawsuit), and I can do whatever the fuck I want with that money as it’s a cash loan at 5%. I could invest it in small stuff, and tip them like they tip me, but that’s purely voluntary and our contracts say elsewise.
Also, I’m excluded as I fit one of the definitions of incidental to other income, etc.
@_date: 2018-12-02 16:07:48
Cause you will get tired.
@_date: 2019-05-24 15:37:39
These things are crazy. You absolutely can make lots of money doing high / lows. But when I say a lot, I mean like 25% of your stack. If your stack is like $10k, it's not worth it... if it is $200k, you absolutely should be doing some high low betting.
When I see people fuck up the most it is because they are doing it *for daily living* and not *reacting to the market*. I haven't made a solid high low play until like a few weeks ago. Yes, I sold some at $6k and bought at $4k, but it was with trivial dollars.
When BTC was $5.5k and Consensus was going on, there was a CLEAR bull run going on. Someone purchased $30 Mil BTC in about 5 hours. I made a good size bet to leverage that long... but that was my first move in 5 months...
When BTC got to $8k and the bull seized, I made a leverage play to short to $7.5k (and did this twice).
Right now I'm not leveraged (debated about going long at $7.7k... but the market is rocky at moment, either real up or $500 short... which is too risky for me).
And when I say "leveraged" it is 25% of stack I'm talking about. All my trades now are leveraged, to preserve Long Term gains for tax reporting.
Yes, I'm clearly very, very long BTC... my default is staying in BTC... but if the market goes up 50% in a week, that's a good time to consider a short. Or if you see huge walls organically die (not a canceled sell, but inching down, million by million), that's a good time to react.
Someone slightly better than me could have made probably 5 plays this year... that's like 1 per month, most of them all this month. *Waiting* for the market to be stupid is hard. And with the plays, if you put in 25% of your stack each time, you'd *only* end up with like +12.5% returns - not like +1,000% some guys advertise.
But this is low risk stuff. When you are 75% long and 25% temp-shorting, you can win under either circumstance (BTC goes up forever, you win 75%... BTC goes down temporarily, you stack sats).
This sort of thing is only possible, cause BTC *will*, knowingly, go up. You can't do this with like TSLA stock, etc. It makes for *very* easy, risk free (in terms of dollars), trading. You risk BTC, but *only* if it goes up *forever*, which... since you are 75% long, is great.
It should be noted I've been working this like 4 years now, I do math all the time, study markets, am a Certified Public Accountant, and do business, a lot... a lot, a lot.
But even that said, my goal is *only* 25% bonus BTC year over year. That's *really* not a huge *predictor* of the market. If you can predict 10 swings of + or - 10%... and bet 25% of your stack each time, you'll get there... with reasonable risk and return.
@_date: 2019-05-24 17:38:21
Good thing money is not politics.
Your opinion doesn't affect my wallet.
@_date: 2018-12-21 19:16:57
Clever, you are..
@_date: 2018-12-21 18:56:44
There are many types of nodes. 90% are Listening Nodes, and do not allow incoming connections. Server Nodes are the ones that allow others to connect to them... you know, like they are hosted on Windows Server.
@_date: 2018-12-21 15:37:54
Not this year, maybe next. I could certainly see it passing in 2019. It’s a very reasonable law, IMO.
@_date: 2018-12-02 17:15:06
'I bet if everyone buys BTC the price will go to zero.'
You aren't even a good troll. Get better.
@_date: 2018-12-25 20:45:07
Sup homie
@_date: 2018-12-19 15:27:45
What is your ratio of BTC to Cash to Stocks, etc. Are you eating Ramen if BTC goes down, or is it playdough?
I'm like 20% Stocks, 70% Crypto, 9% Hard Assets (Car, furniture), 1% Cash.
Increased my cash holdings from 1% to 4% @ $6,000 from now until March or it hits $2,500. In either situation, all go back to all in.
@_date: 2019-05-24 22:45:17
... orphaning is almost always 'collusion'. If 2 blocks are in dispute, each miner 'colludes' with themselves to find the next block faster, in an all-or-nothing game. If it was simply 'who was on the most nodes', orphaning wouldn't even be a thing. It is precisely b/c a minority chain miner has all at stake that orphaning (rarely) occurs. In the case of BCH, there is more to it, but in terms of the financial repercussions (as you open with), it is exactly the same.
@_date: 2018-12-20 19:08:08
You do present and explain that quite well.
It is funny that you are so extremely intelligent but cannot perceive the problem in that approach. Each BTC block is 2,000 transactions or more. Thus each new BTC block could alter 2,000 blocks previously downloaded, necessitating 3 GB of data in rewrites every 10 minutes. Erasing and rewriting 3 GB of data every 10 minutes on a drive would wear it out in probably a week. The solution hasn't been implemented because it's infeasible for anything useful. You should learn to think deeper.
To do something like the White Paper describes, the only reasonable way would be to have a blockchain in which no one (or few) downloaded the same system. You'd have to, in effect, torrent an entire new copy every month or whatever, rather to actively prune. Just download an initially pruned version, and redownload a month later to shave off 10 Gigs - that's the problem.
And the hard drive rewrite speeds would HAVE to be SSD - but even that probably isn't quick enough to be honest (or would wear out too fast). Really, you should become better at problem exploration (and friendlier) and you will become more useful. Having original thoughts can be challenging, but you'll get used to it ;)
@_date: 2018-12-05 10:17:31
Great job guy. You are doing Satoshis work!!! Remember next 6 months will be *rough*! Be strong and don’t fight the suck.
@_date: 2018-12-20 20:56:25
How much data is in the UTXO database? How much data *could be* affected by 2,000 spends per block? How much space do you foresee this saving?
Either not much data is affected, and thus it doesn't save much space. Or everything is affected, and rewrites become an issue. What is your analysis on 'cost benefit'?
Also, I was thinking with Segwit in effect the entire data set is unspent if one part is unspent, right? Thus every transaction that became part of a Segwit transaction would need to be cleared, before one Segwit could be cleared.
And the other data has the reverse problem of being cheaper to create new TXO's as opposed to moving old ones... thus 20 movement of coins creates like 40 UTXOs or some shit.
@_date: 2018-12-15 18:24:16
Some of these shows are really good at teaching you how to manipulate a crowd. It is just amazing people's bias and how they will just lie and lie and lie without knowing it... or rather change the past to fit a narrative, but the footage shows otherwise. Or how the dweebs are usually the most disloyal, and cute girls do anything to create a victim complex.
Far and away the most reliable people are jocks - bar none. But the winners are really good at creating believable stories of 'the other' and then sowing the seeds repeatedly. The best example of this in Survivor was [Sandra]( a fat black women. She could never win a comp, but moms are great a manipulating crowds - and she'd do anything to win. She would find the crowd ganging up on the other black person, and then steal the thing the victim had been asking for, claiming the victim must of taken it, playing into the prejudice, while causing the victim to go crazy.
She was dominating the 3rd season she was in too, until she repeatedly and nonchalantly talked about wringing the chicken's neck. It made others become unsettled.
This season of Big Brother was really good... don't checkout the spoilers but here are some funny clips:
[Big guys are saps](
[Desperate for attention girl invents global crisis caused by the outcast](
[Living with losers](
In Bitcoin, you can definitely see WhalePanda doing shit like this all the time; fostering tribalism, getting people to forget what game they're playing, and festering rumors. When you get good at these games, you can spot the people who do this. The biggest giveaway is when smart people stir up social grudges, instead of discussing winning the game. Winning is all that matters, social grudges are what stupids do to fit in and it gets them slaughtered.
WhalePanda is quite good at playing the game, and clearly is far above the need to hold a grudge - but at the same time is too cunning to forgo manipulating young bitcoin'ers into attacking people for his profit. These shows, which seem stupid, are actually good teachers of crowd mechanics.
@_date: 2018-12-14 04:10:14
I will post my general trading plan, but there is no reason for me to post my moves, etc. Internet fame is not money, and trading is a game of counterplay. [The more I share, the less I make.]( No one on the internet is going to lend me $30k or tip me $5k no matter how much I make them. People IRL do that quite quickly.
I am making one play in the market right now. I've hinted at it once before - but I've already bought all I want. To mention it now would be shilling. It's unprofitable for me to tell you in advance, and stupid for you to trust me after. Unlike some people, I don't make a play without 10x expectation - which means infrequent investments into thinly traded markets - so newsletters don't suit me without $5,000 subscription costs. Telling anyone first kills my margin.
I will give you one record of a past play, because it can still make you a lot of money today, and because you cannot invest into it:
9 months ago (essentially as soon as they were founded), I began promoting . I did not invest because I was preoccupied but wagered it would be a success - they have grown beyond imagination, easily 1,000% annual returns for investors. No way for me to share info like that for $5 or upvotes. But in this case, you can still profit by attending their no checks, no debt 1-year college - and BTC can profit by your programming knowledge.
Win-Win-Win. That's what I like, good business.
@_date: 2018-12-21 12:13:16
As of Jan 1, 2017 you ONLY pay cap gains on crypto sold for Cash (if passed). This also makes it nearly all longterm. And purchases under $600 are exempt as well.
@_date: 2018-12-21 18:19:29
@_date: 2018-12-19 07:37:14
Yes. Movie Killswitch. He also invented the ‘creative commons’ copywright (ccc) that most internet users use today.
And Subscription based internet (Reddit). Prior to Reddit things were ‘all’ plus follows. Aaron focused on shared interest.
He absolutely hated the news and mainstream TV. He used internet to harass politicians. He said when it comes time for the revolution we must ride around on bikes tossing out pamphlets.
He was a good kid.
@_date: 2018-12-15 00:18:13
Ya, despite how people on the internet act, simple intuitive analogies that fit your audience are better than an exactly accurate slew of sales pitches. I generally say "It's a commodity, like Gold." And if they say 'Well what makes it valuable', then the reply comes easy 'It is just like any other collectible - some people collect baseball cards, some people collect batman memorabilia... there is a large enough social movement, some people will be collecting Bitcoins for a long time to come.'
If you go endepth to non finance people, you're really just trying to get too pushy. And with the youngsters it's better to give warnings vs sales pitches. I get a lot of trust, and people call me for private consults, etc, because I explain things simply - without emotion, and without jargon or virtues. It's like asking a girl on a date - why should she date you, she asks? - Well if you're free Friday, we can do something, go Bowling, see a movie, whatever.
If she demands more than that, she needs counseling - if you give more than that, you need counseling. These are easy tricks to weedout people with social issues: "Tell me 10 reasons I should date you"... if you give any at all, you failed the test.
Why should I buy Bitcoin?


It's that simple.
@_date: 2019-05-24 22:41:19
I got an international customer accepting $4,000 on Credit Card all the time. The fee is $120 alone... BUT they also get $4k of fraud per month.
So what do they do, accept Bitcoin? No, they close down shop. That's how businesses deal with international transactions today (they still operate locally, but miss out on ~10% of their business because they refuse to accept, learn about, agree with BTC).
@_date: 2018-12-14 06:03:56
Right. There are way cheaper, better options for some small segment. I recognize this. Kind of like how there are better cryptos than BTC for this or that. Regardless, the wave of BTC drowns out all others and I could ask 100 regular people and maybe 2 know something beyond BTC but 50 know BTC. Market dominance is key - once you dominate the majority, all non-leaders, non-independents follow you by default to avoid conflict or risk standing out. Those looking to be different are rare and make a terrible customer base.
@_date: 2018-12-21 19:46:05
@_date: 2018-12-21 16:13:46
Probably 0% 2018, 75% 2019.
Quite a few people *should* be declaring bankruptcy this year because of IRS tax bills - all those who aren't probably just lied upon their taxes. I'd wager only 5% of people could have filed taxes correctly and not be declaring bankruptcy today.
@_date: 2018-12-02 14:53:44
Every season of Fargo has been phenomenal.
Season 1 Billy Bob is your classic 'evil below the surface' villain, Season 2 it moves on to family &amp; legacy, but Season 3 holy shit - if you like financial crime, it is a must watch. V.M. Varga is the best depiction, best acted, representation of the international banking elite one might ever catch on television: it is that good.
Fargo has been a much better series than True Detectives, and if you like intelligent TV Legion was quite good as well. Add in the Expanse and Rick and Morty and you probably have the only shows worth watching created this decade.
For a Saturday morning pick me up, Gravity Falls is a family friendly version of R&amp;M for kids, and people with tough childhoods. There is a LOT of cryptography throughout, too much to really enjoy, but it's fun seeing all the differing methods to create cyphers put into practice, and shared with kids.
@_date: 2018-12-20 16:57:04
HitBtc defaults to Litecoin.
The difference is that Litecoin is obviously different, BCH could appear the same if acting too quickly. And numerous times I've logged into Coinbase and have become panicked when my Bitcoin balance didn't show (was looking at BCH apparently).
@_date: 2019-05-24 19:46:08
So... is this not possible on BTC? How many miners would need to secretly collude to do *the exact same thing* on BTC, 3? I agree *it's troubling*, but disagree with thinking 'this is a BCH problem, because they suck donkeyballs, and BTC has nothing to learn from it'.
Granted, BTC miners are larger, but I've feared a similar attack for years. I don't think it will happen, but the mere fact it CAN happen makes me quite angry, frankly. Thus why I favor perma-preventing any forking beyond 2 hours, so that if this were to occur, at least it would be limited in scope (I know this is quite a controversial opinion, so I won't try to sell it here, today).
@_date: 2019-05-28 00:46:43
People are sheep. It basically goes like this on Twitter:
"I have something valuable to contribute that few people know, care, or can understand. I would love to discuss!" (5 likes), and


Selling hate bucks, "1 Chick Sandwich = 1 Like for Jesus", and 'if you love the planet, punch an ice skater!' is the easiest way to section off idiots out of the masses, who are more like to pay for X product or commit Y crime.
While it shouldn't be surprising, intelligent people *who are also successful* can NEVER be brought to an emotional state in which they act stupidly, such as give away money, give away time, or commit violence. Again, unsurprisingly, intelligent successful people are like in a constant state of meditation, with a focus pleasure, money, family, and little else. That shit fuck fake world the news tries to sell you each day, is just that, fake.
Believing in it is like believing in heaven - a heaven reached by achieving poverty, paying someone off, or surrendering your freedom because you have to wash cars for Jesus every Sat. All that shit is fake. Earn and keep money, achieve nirvana, and grow the dynasty - that is the secret to life - all else is a complicated and shitty sales pitch.
@_date: 2019-05-18 20:40:11
This is a business (not my house). I'll either be living on the beach, living in a country villa, or living in a Tesla, cruising historical monuments on autopilot, next year.
Moving the office is like $10k costs. Shutting down the office completely (or subletting it to another tax man), is the only scenario. In today's world, those with money work on the internet - offices are really optional. For a cost analysis, working from home, fully remote, is better (or shared space).
This area is about to get city funding for improvements. If I buy and ride that train, I'll double, triple value (something to consider if Bitcoin downturns). Coffee babbling...
tl/dr: I'll probably just quit the office entirely next year, subletting it to an unemployed bud and training them on tax. Also, I have bad taste. That must be said; this was never an ideal site for a CPA, under any circumstance lol.
@_date: 2018-12-18 04:54:23
If I had to guess this would be Nassim Taleb (obviously it could be a whole host of people), but he savors bargain basement pricing, and has TONS of fully liquidatable assets at all times. But he'd never tell you. His first rule of investing is to make money, and FU to the rest.
@_date: 2018-12-14 01:37:55
I got buy orders at $3,398, $3,194, $3,002, $2,822, $2,653, &amp; $2,493. I do expect BTC to hit $2.5k come February, but perhaps not. Each time I buy, I'm immediately selling at 1.40x price. Sold 8% BTC at $6k to fund. If all buy order hit, that's 100% BTC profit. If all sell orders hit, that's 40% Cash profit.
I'm still worried about Feb. Will BTC hit $1k? I really can't say it won't but I got 2% Cash held just so. After Feb I'll cancel all my sell orders and partake in the liquidity squeeze till 6 months after the halving.
@_date: 2018-12-04 22:28:29
To be clear, I agree with that: $350k is about the max I see for any BTC like product, with current structures.
Some people go crazy and say $250k in 2 years, or $1 Mil in 4 years or whatever. I disagree with these people BUT it IS important to understand how much of economic drain this would become.
The $350k limit (which I say is a 10 year realistic target, 2028 or so) or could spike near there come 2025... but regardless, it would be BILLIONS spent (largely unnecessarily) for years to come.
It's beyond our control and not really worth much discussion, granted, just something to acknowledge.
@_date: 2018-12-08 06:15:46
People vastly underestimate how positive forks are in the Bitcoin market place. People call them 'shit coins' etc and bitch, but they are a HUGE value add to holding Bitcoin.
What you don't want are hostile forks, that aggressively try to 'replace Bitcoin' through manipulation. And you don't want coins with 0 value add, or uniqueness. Most offer *something* so that's not really an issue.
Bitcoin Gold offers something. Bitcoin Diamond offers something. Bitcoin SV offers something. Bitcoin Cash offers something. Bitcoin Private offers something.
And people also neglect how beneficial it is to have separate dev teams working on similar technology (and infrastructure) for network effects. Still some BTC devs reprimand BCash devs for the consensus bug because they didn't follow some unwritten protocol... really trite.
If Bitcoin needed to change its algo quickly, for some reason, Bitcoin Gold is a good testing ground for that. If Bitcoin needs to add a check point system to the wallet (which I think it should), Bitcoin Cash is testing that. If Bitcoin needs to grow the blocks, Bitcoin SV is testing that. If you want privacy Bitcoin Private is testing that.
There is SUCH a huge benefit to forks, so long as they are unique and grow the overall community by attracting some who would not be into Bitcoin. I know a LOT of people into Bitcoin Cash either because they were banned by Bitcoin mods, or because they are merchants (my merchant friends hate Bitcoin). Having these people use Bitcoin Cash is better than having them use Ether, Iota, or Nano as those developers don't produce side benefits for us.
@_date: 2018-12-04 22:58:01
Ya, you got a lot of possibilities. The way it would realistically happen is something like this:
1) Start scare campaign that Satoshi's wallet has been hacked.
2) Double down *immediately* saying Blockstream is hacked.
3) Triple down saying the SEC is investigating Saudi Arabian Bitcoin connections - paying for governmental assassins (just do this around the time of any random assassination, but blame it on Bitcoin).
Do this all in like the span of 1 or 2 weeks. The more ridiculous the better, all the 'BTC pros' will assure everyone it is nothing.
4) Rewind the block chain (as you say, multiple accounts) - the double spends only need to amount to $50 mil or so, over 100,000 accounts, to make everything chaotic.
5) Short BTC to $500 with 100x odds at current price.
6) Pick a small cap coin... BTCP would be my preference, and pump the shit out of it as "the only true solution to Bitcoin's problems".
7) Say all of BTC management is moving over the small cap
8) Release a series of press releases, marketing material, etc.
9) Say small cap coin is taking a *strong* stance against child pornography. Will Bitcoin?
10) Pump small cap, buy off a few Devs to make transition look complete.
Now you got a real mess - conspiracies everywhere. Gen pop would just be like 'wtf I'm selling'.
11) Price goes down to like $2k or whatever, repeat attack, this time for half the price.
12) Price hits $1.5k, repeat the attack.
13) Declare the most important thing about Bitcoin is that it NEVER updates it's code - no matter what!!! That's what makes Bitcoin, Bitcoin! Anyone who thinks otherwise is a small cap coin shill!
14) Swoop in with large development team offering to 'help out' for free. Appoint new social leadership.
15) Repeat attack, new leaders (and bribed insiders) tell everyone to just stay calm - it will all be OK.
16) Repeat one last time, now BTC is like $500.
17) Convince true BTC leaders to take a strong stance against these attacks - and then just stop.
18) Say the true leaders of BTC were actually FUD'ers working with the attackers, as moles, trying to get you to upgrade Bitcoin and make it not Bitcoin - and were trying to steal your money.
19) Take over BTC command, mass banning anyone who suggests BTC can improve as a FUDing insider for small cap.
20) Now you control small cap command, won a -100x leveraged short vs BTC, and took over BTC social command, and got them to condemn their previous heroes - and got a +50x leverage vs small cap.
21) Execute the reverse, and then quit for 3 years.
Such a process would be so societally draining, I don't know how normal people would be able to keep up.
@_date: 2019-05-28 02:29:15
Focus on trade, production, and family; stay away from religion, outrage, and cultish sacrifice - is the gist of it.
@_date: 2018-12-12 15:18:06
Ya but doesn't that just support the shit coin, poop fart, banker thieves, government slavers, Ver 'tards, and the piggly rich? We need to keep Bitcoin with only the non-mega turd faces who respect the technology, and not use it to appeal to those safe spacers! If they can take a crapheads scam coin, they won't have the erudition to understand Bitcoin's world saving, virtuous, and highly dignified technological implications.
Nothing else done before or after will ever matter beyond Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-18 15:14:36
This sign was from 2 years ago when I had it up the first time.
If you zoom in, BTC was at $35 Bil market cap.
@_date: 2018-12-23 10:35:07
That’s really a great strategy, and I do likewise. Obviously we can each agree Fiat *was* less risky all last year, but that doesn’t prove so for the future. Do you tweet trades or keep a running log?
You absolutely don’t have to, but it’s not a bad way to either share the wealth or develop a track record, should you go into financial management. 
@_date: 2019-05-18 13:49:16
Let's just be clear here:
I'm not the first person in the world to say they have Bitcoin. How many robberies take place at Bitcoin conferences? Any intelligent robber would rob at conferences well before me.
I'm not *close* to the richest person in my area. There are million dollar homes with thousands of easily fencible goods, all fully insured (meaning no push back). And if they kidnap the person (as you suggest), they'd get even more. Again, much more than me.
So the only real worry is local people becoming spurred into criminal activity because someone one-house-away bought a new car, etc. This isn't actually uber common. The VAST majority of criminals are petty (crack addicts, etc), and the ones intelligent enough to rob and kidnap should be far smarter than to rob me.
We had a few managers of banks kidnapped in this area... but I've never heard it happening for less than several million.
@_date: 2018-12-20 18:49:07
No... Bitcoin, ug :P
@_date: 2018-12-04 18:21:22
Gotcha, ya... agree that 10x + 10x (or 100x) increase from $20k to $2 Mil would be sort of crazy... But if BTC replaced all heavy metal asset hoarding, maybe.
At the same time, I think 2x increase over 4 years is also unreasonably low (until values approach hundreds of thousands). If BTC gets to $300k pre 2024, that's $98 Bil in relatively unnecessary expense (per year).
@_date: 2018-12-19 23:08:42
Though it could be a coincidence... but. Today, news papers influence people. Back in the day they had gazettes, pamphlets, and so on... But the good ol' King put the "Stamp Act", which basically taxed pamphlets as to make them unprofitable to distribute.
So my theory is that the reason Sam ran the bar was NOT because he just happened to love brewing beer, but because it was a convenient and subversive way to gather large groups together, naturally, without causing alarm. All throughout this period, you'd hear of revolutionaries starting up at 'coffee shops' type settings, thinking man bars. Today bars are for stupid people to do stupid things, but in those days *some* portion of bar settings were for educated conversation.
Wasn't the dumping of the English Tea, which the King demanded the colonist pay for without them wanting it (the colonist refused it, but the King shipped it anyway, along with a huge bill - so the colonist dumped it to say they wouldn't profit from his wares) - wasn't that started in the bar?
In another setting, Adolf Hitler recruited all of his followers at Beer Halls. He regularly states how violent these situations would get, which would reduce the desire for police to show up. Cause at this time, a violent crowd could rather easily other throw police. Add more, spies were more easily caught too, and beaten if they tried to make a fool of themselves.
I very much want to make a bar as a headquarters for Bitcoin one day. Not because beer selling is profitable, but because selling revolution in such an environment could be more easily achieved than having a boring meeting, or yelling on the street. I've found I can quite easily persuade large groups of people toward a more just cause, though sometimes my message has been garbled (it's not like I'm experienced in revolts).
People who show up to political events tend to be old women, or have the personalities of old women. People who go to bars are extremely social, and once riled up, they will convince dozens of others. You want to recruit social leaders, initially, and these people go to bars. Followers make for poor initial recruits. They are too timid.
@_date: 2018-12-18 12:41:45
People vastly underestimate that Ethereum has the power of the Swiss gov behind it. It’s clearly security-*ish*. It’s clearly missing deadline after deadline. But all press is glorious &amp; praising, social media is exceptionally well controlled, and the *voluntary labor force* is really absurdly huge. And the ENTIRE GODDAMN CITY OF ZUG is getting setup to support Ethereum.
For a short term play (Dec - Mar), I’m long. But regardless if they survive, BTC will need a lot added structure down the road to survive. Will they earn national adoption, move devs into a capital city, &amp; buy up the press? Regardless, yes, BTC is great, dominance 55%, but I don’t see it hitting 95%. These other projects just won’t die ;)
But generically I support BTC as the most honest &amp; stable crypto. I do wish the crowd was a better behaved, however. I dislike association with people who spaz out ‘shitcoin’, ‘ver tard’, ‘Gov needs to die’, ‘talk of nothing but BTC - NEVER PRICE, always *tech* and BUY AT ANY PRICE!!!! or you’re a moron!!’, always be a socially inept anon, ‘*never* tell people you own BTC, are you suicidal!!’, etc etc. I enjoy gov conspiracy, I enjoy learning, I enjoy investing - but the way these things are talked about is so shallow it feels more rambunctious than monumental, on the whole - and the whole *only buy BTC* mantra is clearly shilling, but who gives a fuck :/
BTC will likely be 75% of my port. for the next several years - and I could see why Gab prefers them in terms of free speech leanings.
@_date: 2018-12-31 19:44:56
For those curious, if I held 10 BTC for the next 5.5 years that is equal to 1.4 BTC worth of inflation (roughly). So in essence I've purchased my next 5.5 years of 'inflation tax' in 2 weeks. Another way this could have been accomplished is through purchasing 1.4 BTC using USD or $5,320 in savings spent to fund BTC - if you save at $5 / hour, that's about 6 months of work.
If BTC were to triple over that time, that could be 1 years of work. I applied the same amount of price stabilizing force using 3 trades (if I was to liquidate now and hold only BTC). The average Bitcoin can only hope to ever achieve a 20% rate of return (17.5 Mil Bitcoins x 120% = 21 Mil Bitcoins). My objective is a 500% rate of return, within 5 years - about 25x better than average.
@_date: 2018-12-01 19:09:52
I've already made my plans for the bull market 2020 - guess who's getting a fuck ton of computers? Kids in Knoxville, that's who.
I got a nephew into programming at 12. He's now 15, and I give him Bitcoin projects to code and pay him $100. $100 makes 15 yr olds flip out - and his parents are dirt poor. They can't give him money, or a good computer, but I can, and I can shop better.
Got him $200 comp worth $500 on Black Friday, probably the nicest thing in his house (his parents won't steal from him), with dual monitors. And I got him like $2,000 of projects I have him do, working from home, making good $ / hour. He was going to work at grocers for $8, but now he makes more.
And I got him on to Lambda School. Now instead of 'no idea what to do' worrying about money, college, etc... he's going to become a programmer making $100k at 18 yrs old. He's already quite decent. This will put him as the highest earner in his family, making double both his parents combined.
And all it cost me is practically nothing cause I make money off his work. Sure I take the risk, but now he brags to all his friends about how much money there is in coding - he has a life plan, confidence, skills, and awesome tools. He was already a good kid, but now he'll be rich too.
So once the bull market hits, I bet I could setup something up working with middle schools, finding the quality poor kids, giving them a chance to apply themselves, pay them money and toss them computers, and then harvesting their young, cheap labor for massive profits. It seems that it takes like $500 to earn their trust, and that's about as much as their annual allowance from mom &amp; dad.
I bet with $8,000 I could start quite a solid development team with 16 youngsters who have no other options as to whom to work for, have their whole lives ahead of them, and who suddenly become the riches kids they know.
And all I got to do is take these neglected middle schoolers and turn them into gold - win-win-win. Soon I may have more children in my pocket than I know what to do with haha.
@_date: 2018-12-19 16:18:59
There are a few ways, really.
1) Presume 3 month bear market (general consensus). Sell a small chunk (5%) for Cash, rebuy at depressed prices. Go back to all-in Feb, March. I do this and profit handsomely (like 40% BTC to BTC returns this year - obviously I should have done it more, earlier).
2) Diversify for spot plays. Privacy coins are good at tax time (I got some Monero &amp; BTCP). ETH has some potential (IMO). Maybe it goes from 27 to 22, but issuance is getting a 40% haircut in 1 month. Make of that what you will. If market goes south, I got some BTCP as my hedge. It takes a *very* small amount of marketing to make BTCP pop - I speculate some big man will buy in, and try to corner the market.
3) Go 5x in March at good price. If price is like $2,500 come March, I will gladly go 5x leveraged, if I can.
But these are all plays. I'm Long BTC and keep most my money in that, if these plays hit I get 100% profit, but only on 5% of capital. Confidence is low, but profit potential immense.
The only serious move I'm doing is a play into ETH. I might regret it if bear market continues until March, but by June either ETH will have completely died (don't foresee this) or the reduced issuance will pump price, sharply. That's the only play I *strongly* recommend to casuals is to have *some* ETH prior to the 40% issuance cut, with a hold period of 'till June. Or BTCP is you like to gamble.
I do something else with another coin, but too complex to go into.
@_date: 2018-12-12 00:29:54
I’m not a huge fan of getting merchants to take Bitcoin, BUT I pushed a merchant into taking Bitcoin because they are a high-tech supplier with international customers and transactions averaging $2,000. That is a perfect recipe for Bitcoin.
Credit Cards Fees $40 vs $1 = worth the hassle to discuss with customer.
But the BIG kicker is 0% RISK OF FRAUD!! That is huge for international business. Today maybe 10% are fraud or would be unless screened (like spam calls). But with BTC you can remove the screening, just say ‘pay with Bitcoin’ and from there you are good to go.
With $20 transaction it’s never worth a discussion. 1 minute extra time = loss of profit margin. Even thousands of dollars it’s questionable, but removing screening time for fraud is actually huge savings, and the small transaction fees are the icing on the cake, not the selling point.
Tip for future BTC enthusiasts.
@_date: 2018-12-13 03:05:05
Ya this is one of the best buy signals. When community members spend $10,000 to post FUD for a few months while they accumulate, it’s a great time to buy.
IMO it’s a waste of time to fight the FUD. Instead just double down with them - OP ‘Bitcoin going to $0’ REPLY ‘Bitcoin already $0, stupid shit coin, caused me to kill myself and my family - NEVER BUY IT!!!’
That sort of thing confuses the trolls. They have to upvote it, it’s in their rule books. But it’s also so outlandish as to not be persuasive. Do this a few times and the trolls no longer earn their keep - you’re doing their work for them. Now it looks like there are two entities paying trolls to buy up Bitcoin. As more people do this, it becomes really confusing.
What the manipulators WANT is for you to fight them. That means there will be a bounce as soon as they let off the gas. Instead make it obvious social media is being manipulated by joining with them, which lessens their power and confuses them on where the actual bounce is going to occur. And with two entities socially manipulating, they don’t have the luxury to wait as long as they’d like.
That’s my opinion.
@_date: 2018-12-20 20:34:17
The main thing for me is I don't want people to have a huge menu to choose from - initially. Like if a system said "only BTC &amp; ETH" for six months, paper trades the rest. That'd be fine by me. The VAST majority of people I talk to buy a little of everything on the menu. They don't trust themselves or anyone they know. They say "it's all Bitcoin right? And this one's cheap!"
If you've been in the game 1 yr, sure, get access to everything... but on day 1 you shouldn't be presented with 20 choices 'as if' they are all equally qualified to Bitcoin or Ethereum.
ZRX or whatever coinbase is selling now probably isn't even close to a finished product, and could fold. BTC can't fold. ETH *could* but that'd be quite farfetched. But these other options... someone could steal 30% of the funds for development or what not and just run off - new comers, casuals are not being instructed on risks, only future hopes, that's scamming.


@_date: 2018-12-22 12:38:59
Twice as much as you thoughtless, welcome. 
@_date: 2018-12-21 16:09:56
Sort of. But IF you lie, which is easy to do accidentally, then you could be accused of 'pumping and dumping', if it's a small coin. Also, I want to mention that if you work with others to promote (or demote) small coins, then that is also a form of price collusion, which is also pumping and dumping.
So long as you are purely factual AND do not coordinate with others, small coins are fine. But I won't do it. Taking a fee to promote a small coin could easily be construed as price collusion. It's a risk I can profit from without.
@_date: 2018-12-21 11:58:00
You might be a little amiss. This REMOVES them from SEC Regulation.
Technically for all that have a ‘functional network’. So EOS would have been regulated as a security, up until the day of launch.
@_date: 2018-12-20 18:50:56
How long does it take to fully sync a HDD node using txindex today, with 2 CPU &amp; 2 RAM? 2 weeks? Is it even possible?
How about when the chain gets to 500 GB? That is just 3 years away.
@_date: 2019-05-30 03:28:13
No. You are getting sold politics.
Make money, build... all else is hogwash.
@_date: 2018-12-21 16:16:43
US people pay ~30% tax from crypto to crypto.
This would make it 0%, with 30% tax ONLY on crypto to cash, which is not reinvested into crypto within 6 months.
@_date: 2018-12-21 16:07:58
Likekind already works that way, so long as holding periods are less than 3 to 6 months.
You can sell real estate, hold cash 3 months, and buy new real estate, and that's fine - Like Kind. Or hold cash 6 months, with a statement that you plan to buy Bitcoins, and that's fine too.
@_date: 2018-12-21 14:28:06
Maybe - but you have 3 to 6 months you could be in USD and back to crypto and it’s still likekind.
@_date: 2018-12-21 12:39:03
Yes, but huge is an understatement. It’s monstrous. It’s gargantuan.
It’s vastly underestimated how beneficial this is for persons who perceive themselves as honest tax payers. You might not also realize how much this will decrease volatility as well. Being able to sell timely, without waiting until Jan 1st AND 1 year, will make prices much more stable.
Also with like kind you can hold cash for 3 months, if unspent (like upon an exchange) - no paperwork. 6 months if you file a piece of paper stating you plan to buy Bitcoins. It’s that easy. You just have no idea what this will do.
@_date: 2018-12-31 19:02:32
This is a public, un'editable Tweeter log of past, fictional trades.
In this, I will attempt to take 10 BTC and turn it into 60 BTC in 5 years. Similarly I will attempt to take 38,000 USD and turn it into 228,000 USD in 5 years. Current value:
11.4 BTC or $43,179 USD
If you want to follow along :)
@_date: 2018-12-13 14:16:36
I’m just amazed you can read. It doesn’t serve you, however.
Make a new troll account FUD boy.
@_date: 2019-05-30 04:26:16
The *only* solution is to stop sticking *daily chat* (that should be regulated to top meme post), and to sticky 2 education posts per day.
Then you section off tech discussion more in a library format - for more checkout rBTCDEVS! Etc.
The other thing you do is remove *all* subpar content after 4 hours WITH LOW COMMENTS. Memes with 100 comments need to stay. But none OC work, with under 10 comments can get removed, after 4 hours.
Do that and you’ll keep a vibrant page.
Flairing works too, but is secondary and frankly always looks ugly.
@_date: 2018-12-31 20:58:46
You are blessed. Welcome the little ones! Now your share of future technology is secured! 8-|




@_date: 2019-05-18 21:13:07
Fully agree. I am *extremely* cautious.
I've had a few big wins, and tons of small losers. The way I do it, I will *quickly* close a position and accept a 5% loss, rather than risk a huge one. This costs me, but keeps my semi-sane.
But there are a few times when you know you are on a bit of a bubble. $8,000 BTC was 'bubblish'. But even at $7,300 I'm 'all in' so to speak. Sure, BTC may hit $6.5k, but I'm too concerned it could hit $12k.
But like, during big events, prior to holidays, are after a huge promo, etc... people fomo in and out. The only tip I can give to help others is look at the high price, and then set a sell order like 20% above that, at the peak of the pump. The only time I've been extremely happy with my 'margin' play is when I catch spikes.
Like, if you set a margin spike catch to "buy" BTC at $6,600 when it was trading for $7,400, you would of caught it... or to sell at $8,400 when it was trading at $7,800... granted that is 'perfect vision' but typically you'll have a 1 second spike up or down, at like 20% over / under, during high volume times. Catching those can be glorious, and feel less risky.
@_date: 2018-12-14 04:58:39
Do those require checks or debt to attend? Lambda does not.
You don't pay unless you make over $50k - that's a significant enough marketing advantage, IMO.
@_date: 2019-05-24 03:36:53
3 miles per second, carrying 15 Tons.
60!!! Satellites launched, at 200 miles above Earth, capable of 4k video on ground and 600 mb transfers to passenger airplanes.
@_date: 2018-12-23 18:01:37
That's a bit of sci-fi mythology. Humans have a 20 yr development cycle (depending), thus an explosion in useful occupations (such as working with tech) would apply infinite stress upon existing supply. Humans are sellable 12 yrs to 25 yrs old; beyond that their habits and skills can force too high a price.
Imagine as if new occupations are paid $100k for high tech, and each existing model at 12 yrs becomes trained for high tech. Then tech leaps forward again, and the new batch is 4 years away from creation. Now tech leaps forward every 2 years.... that's perhaps 3% of the current population who are between 12 to 14 yrs old, to be trained on the newest technologies and made insanely productive before entering high school.
The faster technological iteration cycles, the fewer humans can be allocated per wave. As demand exceeds growth, old supply becomes stressed to convert to new tech - until that too becomes stressed. Now you have parents earning *slightly* better, and children becoming a profitable investment within 18 years. As the cost of childbearing becomes negative, parents *feel* as if they are earning more, without learning a new profession, as future costs become reduced.
Disaster, disease, and famine might party crash or births decline, as happens when supply lines disrupt, but this will be a minor adjustment compared to infinite explosion of rapidly changing technology. Connecting the world will lead to fewer and fewer getting allocated to outdated service. That's where the demand will start.
@_date: 2018-12-20 23:56:22
Miners get 1,250,000,000 satoshi every 10 min, regardless of whether or not they've allowed anyone to use the Bitcoin network (they can block all transactions) - 12.5 BTC ~ $62,500.
Transaction fees of all transactions combined add up to like $600 or 15,000,000 satoshi.
@_date: 2018-12-21 16:15:03
If you didn't make HUGE profits in 2017, you are an idiot.
Capital losses in 2018 can not be used to offset profits in 2017... I file taxes :P
@_date: 2018-12-19 12:46:48
To rebuy *if it dips again which it most certainly will not*, and to avoid selling if bear market becomes 6 month bear.
@_date: 2018-12-15 18:41:19
No... Roger Ver is incredibly bad at crowd manipulation, WhalePanda is insanely good. You are falling for the trap of believing 'Ver is the enemy of Bitcoin' instead of focusing on winning the game.
Basically you just named the scapegoats the manipulators want you to think are destroying Bitcoin. This is the exact opposite of what you should focus on... try watching Survivor or Big Brother and you will become better at resisting social influence.
@_date: 2018-12-14 03:14:51
I had planned to make a plan around $17k. I knew BTC was too high. I had WAY too much BTC and was watching GDAX when it was at $19.5k with a $40 Mil buy wall selling at exactly $20k. lol. Such a ridiculous time to not sell everything.
My dad was in my ear 'BUT WHAT ABOUT THE TAXES!!!' So I didn't sell (until $17k). Had I sold, I would of paid 30% in Tax, BUT would of had a HUGE loss this year, carrying over. Now I didn't pay taxes, nor do I have a loss carryover. So in 2021 when I actually sell, my taxes will be insane lol.
I had other projects that I thought would be more profitable (questionable), that kept me occupied delaying my trading plan. These are mostly wrapped up now, and I now have a thoughtless trading plan. I gained 30% BTC -&gt; BTC on the way down from $17k to $9k but a lot of people I know doubled their BTC holdings. My friend sold 100% (a cool million) at $15k and hadn't rebought ANY at $7k. Not sure now, but if she catches it at $3k that's a 500% play or 300% accounting for taxes.
I had a trading group where I was trying to teach people sensible strategies for investing (I'm pretty good at the ICO game, etc), but I had to cancel it. They were constantly in my ear about 'moon' and 'lambo' and their emotional outbursts on a weekly basis made it into a grown mans counseling session. Here I am performing math equations, and here they are begging and praying for me to make BTC go up - and then peacocking afters. It made my logic unsound.
So I've gone back to solo. Only one fella in the trading group benefited me at all - one was a ICO moon lambo basket case who managed to lose 50% as BTC went from $7k to $17k and the other was so scared the whole time he'd call me for hours a day for emotional reassurance (all the while pretending like I called him).
The one who benefited me just stopped coming and asked me to hold his money and let him know when it was done. I significantly underestimated the logical impact having crybabies in my ear on a daily basis would have. I thought I'd power through, and that they would learn from me. Instead it was the reverse, having a constant battle 5 to 1, with them never learning lead to my degeneration.
One of the moon lambo boys even called me demanding payback because he never sold and it went down... I'm like I SOLD, YOU SAID MOON! But it's a waste of time. These people have no reputation to defend, no written history, no manly integrity.
Regrettably, I've gone back to only helping rich people. They pay bills, they respect intelligence, they don't assume their 5 minutes of study is equivalent to my 40 hours of research. I wish I could help poor people be less poor, and I did, but not without significant cost as their argumentative nature affected my esteem, lessening my judgement.
But now with my math'ed trading plan, I can get back to working and hugely profit from BTC without any concern of price movement whatsoever. Anything but flat, perfectly linear, or complete and total collapse makes me hugely profitable. Focusing on work, marketing, networking, study makes me more than any sort of day-trading.
The girl only made two trades - bought at $3k, sold at $15k. She'll likely do that again. In the meantime, she earned $600k as a programmer in San Fran. FAR better to make sensible trades and to improve your income, than to stress 24/7 and become a moon-lambo bot or to wrestle with pigs. She's quiet though, I didn't chat with hardly anyone - wish I'd done the same :P
But I have plans this year to amplify my knowledge with a sophisticated sales pitch - but will refuse chatter, or to share ideas. Lend money, or get out. If I got to explain it to you more than 10 minutes, if you argue back 1 minute, it's clearly an unprofitable situation, and you have no respect for your time. People who respect themselves give respect. I thought you could 'earn' respect (poor man's thoughts) - this is not the case. Stupid people can't identify good from bad, and thus can never show respect because the world appears a wash of gray - otherwise they'd act less stupid.
@_date: 2019-05-24 23:05:55
I like your enthusiasm. Go Bitcoin!
@_date: 2018-12-12 12:21:47
Meh - tech progress takes YEARS to create a market reaction. I’m all for celebrating out of nerdyness but not financial gain.
@_date: 2018-12-19 12:42:58
He literally sells tickets to the moon.
@_date: 2018-12-16 01:56:02
What you want is low volume plus flat price.
Sellers are perpetual. All sellers at $3,400 exist every time price has ever been above $3,400. Buyers come and go. What you want is a period in which there are no (few) buyers and no (few) sellers, and price flat. As sellers are constant, and buyers at a minimum, this means the next big wave of buyers will shoot up the price.
This is always true.
With high volume you got to look at price direction. As price went down, this means a seller liquidated. The more sellers who liquidate, the more potential for an uptick down the road, as Bitcoins become concentrated into wealthier hands. Despite social belief, concentrated wealth is good for supply management in terms of price gouging. As wealth becomes more concentrated, the more likely someone will invest the marketing to aid a bull run.
As mentioned previously, I sold 8% of Bitcoins just over $6,000. I repurchased 6% at $3,400 &amp; $3,200. If it goes all the way to $2,490 I'll have 16% Bitcoins (100% BTC profit). I'm not going to worry about any serious bounce until February, then I'll go all in (Jan through March). The more depressed and cautious public sentiment and BTC leadership, then I'll come in Jan. The more I hear "this is the bottom" or "buy the dip", the more I want to wait until March. All I want is cash in case of catastrophic failure.
Cautious leadership doesn't create failure; proud, belittling, and punishing leadership does.
@_date: 2018-12-21 20:07:14
Yes I know.. the 'Satoshi' recommendation is to remove all prior transactions from blocks, once they've been moved.
The problem is a new block with 2,000 transactions could pull transactions from 2,000 prior blocks... that's the issue, and why it is *relatively* unfeasible (and some other issues with new UTXO's being cheaper than moving old ones, and then Segwit).
The Satoshi recommendation could reduce the blockchain's size by like 20% I would figure, but not much more than that, unfortunately.. and it couldn't keep up to date. It would need to be a periodic fix, to prevent massive persistent rewriting (like what happens with Ethereum).
@_date: 2018-12-22 05:34:26
@_date: 2019-05-30 06:08:17
:) agreed.
@_date: 2019-05-10 18:45:07
What do you feel is the best exchange for US customers, for trading on margin?
@_date: 2018-12-04 22:30:51
Like what happened to Bitcoin Gold.
I prefer "Rewind Attack" as it's more clear, IMO.
@_date: 2018-12-19 20:55:43
lol... VERY possible =) Let's see how I do.
@_date: 2019-05-24 22:12:00
BTC 'rewound' 5 to 6 blocks like two years ago from a single miner in Russia.
Could be coincidence, but 1 miner 'found' 6 blocks all within like 2 minutes, using a nuclear power plant for electricity. The presumption is that instead of the 1 in trillion chances of that happening via odds is that he got 'orphaned' after 2 or 3 blocks, and then was forced into an all or nothing race to mine a few more to get his blocks reestablished.
Rewinding 2 to 3 blocks on BTC was really normal, as of 2 or 3 years ago. Today, Rewinding a single block still happens, time to time - this is typically referred to as orphaning, but means exactly the same.
@_date: 2019-05-24 17:43:19
That's the old numbers. They did a revision of the satellite pathing to get it down to 720. Also, the Govs wouldn't let them do 1200 (I don't think).
Maybe 1200 someday, but IMO they will stick with 720 until another major break through, at which time they'll effectively just replace it (so say 10 years, round 2030). These 720 Sats might cost (I don't really know) like $720 Mil and Tesla is not flush with cash.
Also, [source]( ;)
@_date: 2019-05-18 15:13:30
Oh, the ban evading trolls, how I love thee.
@_date: 2018-12-04 17:46:17
It's relative to price. If price goes up 10x, and quantity decreases 2x, then that is a 5x increase in demand.
@_date: 2018-12-15 19:38:23
Fair