@_author: bitcointrader112
@_date: 2017-02-24 09:44:14
What caused the 10 percent swing, weak traders over leveraged? WTF China? Usually when you see a recovery like that its a bounce caused by shorts, but I feel this is different. Any other opinions?
@_date: 2017-03-01 23:52:33
Obviously you don't understand what a Ponzi Scheme is or how it actually works. If you're looking to get scammed with bitcoin just trust an exchange with your private keys.
@_date: 2017-08-24 05:49:04
I wouldn't say rich, but I don't need to work for a boss anymore and I get to spend my time with Family raising my son. That is the biggest gift it has given me. It took me a few year to understand the market and a mentor, whom a didn't listen to at first. Then after I made all the mistakes he warned me about, everything started to make sense. The only thing that is difficult is worrying about health care. I have insurance, but a few trips to the hospital in the US can put anyone in the hole quickly. Alt Coins bought my house and gave and boosted my savings account to where I can live without a job for a decade if I keep my life simple. I'm working on a IOT home automation company in my spare time. Albert Einstein - Compound interest. Compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world. He who understands it, earns it ... he who doesn't ... pays it. Compound interest is the most powerful force in the universe. This is so true when it come to money. So of these coins can shoot up in value 100 percent in a day, easily. Say you have 1000 bucks and you continue to reinvest it on well researched coins. Over a year that could turn into 10,000 if you are well disciplined. Once you get there things really start to pick up. If you continue to use compound interest it is very possible to reach 100,000. When you start managing 100,000 with the same formula 20 percent is no longer 2000, its 20,000. 20 percent is real easy to get at the moment. There is a lot of reading involved to get to that point, but the information is out there. I teach some students in my spare time if you are interested. Anyway, take care and follow the advice from my channel and you will understand what I'm talking about. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 05:18:42
Some of the people here have some good points and there are a ton of horrible predictions. All you need to do is spend some time reading the charts. I've retired because of alt coins. Look at the volume that is being sold. Do any of you remeber what happened the few days leading up to the ETF??? Do your homework and don't spend so much time "Trying"to predict the furture and start looking into the past. The simple advice on here is the best. Diversify into a few strong Alt coins at dirt cheap prices and hold. Check out my youtube channel if you want some insight into how the crypto world works. I no longer update my videos because all you need to know is there. 
When you pussies get scared at the first sign of a sell off you deserve to get slapped by the market. Let me guess, once you sell off you jump right into an alt coin with super high volatility to make some quick returns too. Chasers always get slapped. How do I know all this??? Because I've been trading for years and I've made all the wrong moves. Be smart and use Compound interest. That will make you a rich man.   