@_author: bitcoincorporation
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:29:35
It is now Monday, 11am where I am and I still have no answer from anyone. They have my personal documents, a charge to my card, and they won't let me withdraw. The only thing worse than having my money is having my I.D. and not answering me since Saturday after midnight.
Here is a snap shot:
I sent this to "Buguart" here on reddit yesterday. No reply, even though I had seen them answering someone else 18 hours prior. Here is what I sent:
----- reddit help request begin
"Since Im not getting ANY type of response from you guys, I posted this on reddit, hoping to reach someone:
I sure wish the length of time it takes to get verified and have access to your funds would have been indicated some where.
It's been 10 hours, and still no acknowledgement that my verification documents have been received, how long verification will take, and when I will have access to the bitcoin I have been charged for.
It's been 10 hours since the transaction has occurred and appeared on my card, and yet you guys won't answer chat.
Been trying to reach out in chat. Says: Michael Away 10:13 am in Vancouver, Canada
No response to old messages which are tagged: "10h ago. Not seen yet"
No response to new messages which are tagged: "7m ago. Not seen yet"
I also called support at 1-877-787-6885 - no answer and had to leave a message.
I contacted my card company on procedures for opening a claim. At this point, I just want my money back since my plans are screwed."
----- reddit help request end
At this point, I don't even want to deal with a company that will do me like this and I just want my money back. Keep the *&amp;% bitcoin
@_date: 2017-12-12 04:22:13
Ok, Bogueart said he would look in to it and now my account is fully verified and withdrawals seem to work. I have actually initiated the withdrawal, but my account says Im verified and when I click withdrawal, it now gives me the withdrawal form instead of the verification notice.
Again, it would not have been as painful if someone (even the system itself) had reached out or replied to me and told me where things stood.
Thanks sigh...
Thanks Bogueart
@_date: 2017-12-15 05:09:07
Man, I feel your pain. Seriously. Don't even know you and it's upsetting. Since I got "taken care of", it would be easy for me to move on, but this is my business, the business I am in. 
I've been stolen from numerous times. At least one of those times caused GREAT damage, so I'm super sensitive. My esoteric affiliation/s teach me to let go and move on, but certain parts of my nature keeps and eye out for "justice". Call it what you want...
Trying to be understanding, I have not completely pulled the plug on em, but I tend to be a risk taking fair minded person. 
Problem 1) I might attract no good people because of it. 
Problem 2) I can be just as vengeful as I am trusting. Bad combo for those who do me wrong.
On that note, I'm an internet marketer and I was fully prepared to throw damned near all of my marketing resources at this until I felt justice was served in multiplicity. Don't know if that would've been worth the amount I stood to lose. A trigger I'm willing to pull on most ANYONE who wrongs me. I tend to be that way because fair-play is my nature and I dislike it (a lot) when it's abused.
Don't want to start and unnecessary war-connection for myself,  but perhaps people who cross you need to see just how far you're willing to go (short of "crime") to get deserved satisfaction. I've found that many schemers don't want a REAL fight... just easy proceeds.