@_author: bitcoingirl1
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:21:36
Hi MarkKarp
Thanks for your reply however I draw your attention to point 21.
“If you dealt from the UK, did you deposit via Barclays before the facility was withdrawn?”
May I ask is this connected to the thread mentioned previously?
Page 6, 7th paragraph
“ Ok, after speaking with the solicitor he suggested raising a complaint with Barclays￼. I have done this and they will be refunding my £185 within 24 hours, blocking my card and sending a new one as well as investigating the unauthorised payments. For the guys/girls that this has happened to as well, call your bank's complaints department and crack some skulls.”
To sum up, that thread allegedly claims money was taken without permission from a Barclays account by certain persons but Barclays refunded  the amount and may have a “blacklist” of people. So they want to know if the account is a Barclays account as Barclays know what they have got up to previously?
BTW Do reputable law firms chase ambulances on reddit? Also the choice of name means shark. Good  for attacking your enemies but when it is time to get your money back don’t get bitten or have a Barclays situation.
@_date: 2014-03-13 20:45:24
hi faradaily thanks for that.
Got some more info on him but not had a chance to research fully(busy with the baby)
Someone had a debt with A Satellite company Skylite then a debt management co. Capital Corporations based in Kent has issued £40 per letter every 7 days on their behalf. Seems a nasty little scam?
@_date: 2014-03-21 20:30:56
Yes it is a bit rude but it made me laugh. I love it :)
@_date: 2014-03-13 21:26:44
Sorry for being late on this but busy with baby:
page 1 10th paragraph -I gave my debit card number to Capital Credit Management last week to make a £1 token payment whilst the direct debit￼ details were being processed.  
 
I called them and they said they have never heard of Lasker International and that they would not debit my account again without my authorisation  
and that they would not pass my details to any third party. 
page 2 14th paragraph   ERG1976 claims the same:
 
- my bank is also looking into it but it was only today I found the connection to CCM whom were adamant they hadn't passed on my card details 
and had never heard of Lasker Collections 
 
- Richard Howlett previously of Lasker now Director at CCM.
Page 4  14th paragraph bacondtf claims:
Just made a profile to say that this exact thing has happened to me. 
 
"Lasker" or whoever the **** have taken £185 from my account over 8 payments. 
 
I called Lasker today and was told that it was CCM who have taken this money, 
Seems to have happened also to a  wonderpea, markuslydon, madh21 allegedly.
@_date: 2014-03-14 09:42:53
She is doing fine but when mt gox or selachii is mentioned, she starts to scream. Thanks faradaily.
@_date: 2014-03-13 21:04:39
Capital Corporations (UK) Limited allegedly seems linked to 
Capital Credit Management as discussed earlier.
Website: 
Links on the above website seem to link into company discussed earlier.
Also not checked fully either but they are mentioned here:
Would be nice to get an answer on this.
Checked their facebook. Seemed to be very up to date on current affairs eg if there was a story about a sportstar found guilty of drugs offence they would post an article saying if sportstars need legal representation we can help. Also story about zero hour contracts which made national news in uk, then they had posted if you have dispute with your employer do you need representation....
Also a story in news about boundary disputes then they would post about if you had a dispute with neighbours then we can help.  Don't think there was a story about ambulance chasing though so we should be OK....
@_date: 2014-03-14 13:29:17
I agree. Unless something major happens I would be reluctant to give them banking details based on their alleged history let alone instruct them. 
It would be good to get an expert opinion from a reputable Japanese Law firm experienced in bankruptcy proceedings who can advise us either to put in a claim so we don’t miss out or whether there is a set process regardless of legal representation.
@_date: 2014-03-11 15:30:18
You forgot to include this document from Selachii
1.	Name:	
2.	Country of Residence:
3.	Correspondence Address:
4.	Preferred Email Address:
5.	Preferred Telephone Contact (including international dialing code):
6.	Number of Bitcoins Lost:
7.	Estimated Value of the loss in US Dollars:
8.	Amount of currency lost (amount and currency):
9.	Date of First Transaction with Mt Gox (including number of Bitcoins traded):
10.	Approximate Number and Dates of Transactions with Mt Gox (including number of Bitcoins traded):
11.	Bank Account Used to Deal with Mt Gox (Bank Name, Country, Sort Code, Account Number):
12.	Currency/Currencies Exchanged for Bitcoins:
13.	When did you first encounter difficulties with Mt Gox?
14.	What difficulties did you first encounter?
15.	When and what was your last successful transaction with Mt Gox:
16.	Did you have a trading limit, and if so what was it?
17.	Would you prefer to recover Bitcoins or currency?
18.	Please detail all communication (attempted or successful) since you encountered difficulties, including the method of communication:
19.	Did you use Yubikey or any other password manager to deal with Mt Gox?
20.	Did you make deposits through OKPay  or any other payment scheme?
21.	If you dealt from the UK, did you deposit via Barclays before the facility was withdrawn?
22.	How did you pay transaction fees, how were they calculated and do you have records of them? If you do have records, please provide them.
Documents to provide:
Note- it would help us in the first instance if scanned copies can be sent by email. However, originals will be required later.
23.	Copies of any/all screen shots demonstrating the amounts that you have deposited with Mt Gox.
24.	All email correspondence with Mt Gox.
25.	Any Facebook correspondence with Mt Gox.
26.	All correspondence/transactions with Mt Gox though any agencies.
27.	Copies of all bank statements showing transactions with Mt Gox.
28.	Any/all documents and information that was provided to Mt Gox when your account was set up.
Anti-Money Laundering
As part of our regulatory requirements we have to obtain certain documents to confirm your identity and to prevent money laundering. 
29.	Please provide, in the first instance, copies of the following:
(i)	Proof of identity (passport, driving licence or other Government issued ID). Note- please do not send original copies of this ID;
(ii)	Proof of Address (two utility bills or bank statements dated within the last three months) Note- we do require sight of these original documents.
