@_author: bitcoinexaminer
@_date: 2015-04-04 06:33:41
I agree that Bitcoin is more liquid than currencies that can't be used online.  And perhaps, if people in those countries are willing to buy Bitcoin, then their currency might become more liquid across the Bitcoin platform (access for currency traders?).  However, i wouldn't sell my Bitcoin for Zimbabwe dollars, you probably wouldn't, and if we wouldn't, why would Coinbase (or another exchange) do it?  Maybe enough Bitcoin will be owned by a group of Zimbabweans that they can trade within a commune or self-sufficient village.  How else would it work?
@_date: 2015-04-03 22:14:43
Hi, I am a bank examiner for a US Federal agency.  I am pro-Bitcoin as an alternative to a globally collected commodity such as gold. Gold becomes extremely valuable when a society begins to lose faith in its governments fiscal policies.  I believe bitcoins are far superior to gold in all ways except the de novo phase price volatility (most notably day-to-day delta), and the fact that it's intangible (so you are saying you want me to buy imaginary money?).  
However, I feel that Bitcoin is far inferior to cash.  It is less liquid than cash, because liquidity is the ability to convert an asset (such as Bitcoin) into cash.  Cash is already cash.  BTC branding is far inferior to the U.S. dollar.  There isn't a single country where the U.S. dollar isn't accepted.  Due to BTC's price volatility, banks would not be able to lend to businesses that operate in Bitcoin.  Can you imagine taking out a loan for $1,000 (in BTC) and then, if the price were to double, you would have to repay $2,000 (in BTC). Hello!  The next day you would be accusing banks of price manipulation, refusing to pay, and writing congress.  The only way it works as a currency is if everyone accepts is as so.  For this generation, it's not happening.  It might work in an avatar world however, remember Second Life?
My last point is that the article referenced here discusses using Bitcoin to become your own bank.  A bank takes deposits and makes loans.  The article only mentions deposits, thus a bank is not created.  The more interesting piece is how the article says we can have our Bitcoin accounts fund a prepaid card.  All of the universal prepaid cards that I am aware of have Visa and MasterCard logos on them, someone has to process the payments.  The funds that we have when we purchase a $100 Visa gift card are stored as cash (USD) and a liability (a deposit) in the bank listed on the bottom of the card.  Tell me how to lend in  Bitcoin.  If you can convince me of that, you will have convinced me that BTC is a currency.
