@_author: bitcoinusa
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:15:31
Avoid Cloud Hashing like the plague !!! 
Cloudhashing is big FRAUD !!!! 
In Dec of 2013 I purchased the Silver Mining Contract (10 GH/s) for 1.73 BTC, based on comments in this forum and elsewhere that the Cloudhashing silver contact would yield about 5 BTC/yr.   It was immediately clear that it wasn't hashing at the claimed 5 BTC/yr rate, so I immediately requested a refund, as offered in their offer for sale. Zac at Cloudhashing said they would issue the refund. After several weeks of excuses, they issued a partial refund of 1.25 BTC. They claimed the refund was in the dollar equivalent. This was after they delayed for several weeks and the BTC / USD rated changed significantly. They fleeced me for 0.46 BTC. Can you imagine if you purchased foreign on a FOREX exchange at the market, and the trader did the trade, then wouldn't credit your account for several weeks waits for the exchange rate to change, then pockets the difference? That's effectively what CloudHashing does.....
I pinged a message to the CEO, Emmnauel Abiodun, with documents about the problem and lack of full refund, and the problems I was having with the customer support, or lack thereof.  Emmnauel was totally flippant in his reply, effectively telling me off, that if I had a concern that I should talk to customer support. 
 (You should ask your self why there is no phone number on the website, and they won't tell you the full name of the staff that work there). *** Look on the BitCoinTalk.org forum, many people who have been ripped off by CloudHashing are just now coming forward. *** - some comments on user CloudHasher - are showing the fraud there. 
If you've been scammed by CloudHashing, please come forward about your situation on these Forums.   
Otherwise, their scam will go on, and they will make the BitCoin and Altcoin community look very bad to new users and new investors. 
I can't think of a worse ambassador to the Bitcoin community than Cloudhashing (well, now that Silk Road is shut down). 
People are just now learning about and coming forward about this Bernie Madoff level scam from CloudHashing. 
I've contacted some of their advertisers. 
A big reason I went with Cloudhashing was their ads on Info Wars with Alex Jones via the GCN. 
Alex Jones says he personally uses the products he advertises.   That likely true with many of his product in the Infowarsstore, I doubt it's the case with 
If this goes on, people also need to contact
SEC.gov (Securities Fraud) 
FTC.gov (False Advertising, Fraud, Refusal to give the requested refund they claim to offer) 
FCC.com (False Ads, bait and switch) 
Also call their ad network and discuss how you got burned by CloudHashing. 
When I talked with Jason Worsley, ad rep, at GNC (Genesis Communication Network)
 877-996-4327  x118 
Jason told me it was the first he'd heard the Cloudhashing is a scam. 
So if you've been fleeced by Cloudhashing, it's important you call the leadership at GCN and Infowars to let them know of this fraud. 
You may need to talk with Ted Anderson, the founder at CGN to get resolution. 
at Infowars.com
the contact number is 
ask for the office support team for the radio show
Good luck on getting any positive ROI, let alone a lucrative return.   
Ditto in trying to get your refund they claim to offer in 7 days, when you find the hash rates aren't anywhere they need to be for the deal to pencil economically. 
(If you're new to BitCoin/Altcoin, my best results so far have been: 
LocalBitCoins.com  (just pay cash and meet in person at a local coffee shop with wifi to deal the deal to buy or sell some BTC) 
run a mining program on your computer(s) and mine at home for DogeCoin, LiteCoin, or other Scrypt based coins, they can be traded to BTC on the exchanges if need be). 
