@_author: bitchange99
@_date: 2017-12-10 18:51:58
AFAIK yes.  Encrypted at rest and during transmission.  
It’s also outside of the Five Eyes dragnet which is in its favour too.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:54:31
Any organisation which is protecting free speech and fighting global corporate abuses (Monsanto etc.)
We are under attack from a Global Corporate Cleptocracy conspiracy (FB, AMZ, MSM, TWTR Wall St. etc) who  are trying to shut down free speech and the alternative media on the internet that opposes their global one world government, one world currency agenda run by Central Banks.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:59:04
Hear hear!!!
@_date: 2017-12-10 18:28:55
Been using it for more than a year now ...would never go back. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 13:45:32
I wonder how many other late baby-boomers now approaching retirement are in this Subreddit?
As a generation we started so hopeful in the 70’s butbhave, over the years, been ground down by declining (in real terms) wages, corporate power consolidation and ever more corporate MSM-called ‘special interests’ corruption at the higher levels of government in the West.  
(For those who haven’t seen it, I suggest to watch Nigel Farage on YT expose many - even the most senior MEPs - in the EU as being in the pocket of George Soros and his vile agenda).
I was in Bitcoin in 2013 because I thought it cool.  This was before I figured out, that like the internet, it appears to have been gifted to humankind as a means to take back control over our amazing place  - our planet - from the Babylonian money-lenders who have all but stolen all our collective inheritance.
I have an unfathomable number of Dogecoin on a hard-drive somewhere from that era and rue the day that I liquidated many BTC in payment.
I mention this experience as I hope it will urge some who are in this first-time-round to exercise caution/ moderation in alt coin investing. ( I still do this, but now practice what I preach.)
I am in a position where I have invested 50% of my pension funds in BTC and siblings.
It is my best chance to fund the retirement that I worked for and believe I ( and everyone else ) deserves.
We are not here as get rich quick types but because we are in the situation we are.   In previous generations the government who we paid taxes to in our working lives would have looked after us in old age with a comfortable pension.
Nowadays we ( and unfortunately younger Subreddits will) pay taxes to repay government debt to privately-owned central banks ( who issue us money out of thin air ) and then ask for interest in return !  The interest burden on this phoney debt leaves nothing for our governments to pay for basic services and pensions for those you have worked every day of their adult lives.
So for those in a similar situation to myself I urge you to pay heed to this Subredditor and invest wisely and follow his/ her advice.
BTC and siblings offer humankind a lifeline to finally rid ourselves of the Babylonian banksters and their evil cabal who do not have our best interests at heart.
Millennials I urge you to embrace it, further it anyway you can, don’t let the corrupt legislate against it, love each other,  support each other, take back control- my children (and yours) will understand what you did and will love you for it.
@_date: 2017-11-30 14:35:55
I didn’t say I got into BTC @ 10K.
You have lost your connection with humanity ... you have become the Wall St shill that MSM man.
Find your humanity then come back to Reddit.
@_date: 2017-11-30 14:44:56
You can if you really dig you can find them ... Rothschilds, Schiffs, Goldman Sachs are some names which come to mind.  Rothschild  family has almost a monopoly over all (private) central banks in the world.
The ones they don’t own are the countries that the US military are trying to overthrow e.g. Iran, Syria, Russia, Venezuela etc.