@_author: bitcoin_throw1
@_date: 2013-09-01 05:40:39
I've emailed your support people multiple times and still haven't heard back from Olaf on my issue. I even sent you a message through Reddit that didn't get a response. This is getting even more incredibly frustrating. It's like being a ghost with no one able to hear you talking to them. Can you take a look at my issue too please?
@_date: 2013-08-25 21:59:38
It's insulting how quickly (immediately almost) you respond to this thread about how you're down (so you don't worry people who want to throw more money your way), but completely ignore a thread with people who are complaining about how you ignore certain support requests as this it the only channel they can get eyes on this situation.  Care to explain?
@_date: 2013-09-01 03:11:06
It was a BTC buy (at a low rate compared to now) that they cancelled due to risk, even though multiple others went through.  They said they'd push it through at that rate and I'd receive them soon, but it still hasn't happened...  It's pretty frustrating.
@_date: 2013-08-30 19:45:26
Unfortunately, I'm not in the same boat. I am however in a similar boat to the author.  
Same issue... they cancelled an order when BTC were cheap, took me 1.5 weeks and multiple emails to hear back from them and I got the same exact email as in the original post.  However... that was 10 days ago and have still not gotten my "transaction pushed through" "soon" in spite of emailing them twice to hear when soon would be or to get any further info.
It certainly seems like their customer service is atrociously slow or they just don't care sometimes until you complain here.
@_date: 2013-08-25 23:09:16
Hey coastermonger, thanks for the response.  Yes, my account is a few days from the 30 day verification window.  However, I've made 9 transactions from my bank account that were accepted.  The rejected one was at the cheapest BTC to USD level out of the others.
I realize of course that no one is sitting around and rejecting manually and that more than likely it's an algorithm doing the work.  Naturally, they can't be perfect of course so it's no surprise things will occasionally get rejected that shouldn't be.  So, with that said, I have no issue with that aspect at all. In fact, if it weren't that way, I'd be hugely surprised.
To get to the crux of it, the thing that pisses me off (and I presume other people using Coinbase), is this:
1. Everyone seems to say that a simple email to Coinbase will solve everything and that they'll immediately jump to fix things. This is clearly 100% wrong. People put down others with smarmy responses about this however (~ "uhhh, did you email them? no, ill bet not.")
2. Support emails are ignored for whatever reason (and the reason honestly doesn't matter one bit).
3. The big one. Representatives of Coinbase (like FredEE above) show up on reddit to (in this case, immediately) encourage people to continue to use their service and keep confidence high. They also show up to talk about new features and so on.  Essentially, anything that is putting their service in a positive light gets immediate attention on reddit and unfortunately, it seems that everyone eats it up.  However, when people complain about the negatives of Coinbase or request them to look into it on here, those posts/comments are ignored.  For many I imagine, including myself, r/bitcoin is the only place where one can talk about what happened and potentially get a response from Coinbase since sending in more emails to Coinbase is obviously useless.
What evidence do you have to prove that they're improving the security check or doing much better as the year goes on?  It seems that everyone's positive evidence comes directly from reddit comments from Coinbase employees.
@_date: 2013-09-01 05:42:22
Going on 11 days now since Olaf said he would push through the original transaction and it hasn't happened yet...
Are you 100% positive yours come through at the original rate?
@_date: 2013-09-01 02:48:08
Good luck with this... I've received 1 response from customer support over something I had an issue with (after 4 emails over 1.5 weeks) and it was super cheery and very positive about them taking action quickly and I would see bitcoins "soon."  11 days, 2 more emails sent in reply to that one, and nada.
I like Coinbase, I really do. They are convenient, their site is not a cluttered mess of garbage, and they often get the job done. However, when things go wrong, their customer support is not as good as everyone here champions and in my situation the slowest customer support I've seen from any company I've dealt with that has taken my cash.
I wish you the best with them.  Just in case this helps you not waste your time, I even messaged the Fred guy directly on here and haven't heard anything back.
@_date: 2013-08-22 20:46:28
This happened to me as well and I'm incredibly annoyed.  I've emailed support 3 times already and responded directly to the email notification about the transaction being cancelled.  I've gotten no responses whatsoever.
I've done 7 transactions through the same bank account that have gone through, but this one (the 2nd transaction in a list of 8) was flagged and reversed for some reason.  It's incredibly frustrating for a few reasons:
1. At the time I purchased, BTC was at 94.
2. I've heard nothing back from Coinbase over the past 7 days since it was reversed.  They certainly have no problem continuing to take money from my bank account in the interim, but apparently won't respond to my support emails.
3. I'm verified in every way except there's still a few days left on the 31 days policy.  What's the point of the verification if you still get transactions reversed?
4. The reversal happened almost literally when it was supposed to go through, not 5 days before when it was purchased.  So, you kinda sit there for 5 days and expect that it will happen while the prices climb and your hands are tied.
When it comes down to it, it seems that they should white-list people who successfully make a sizeable purchase (especially more than 1) from a linked bank account. And, of course, reinstate the transaction at the agreed upon rate.  In this area, especially at this point in time of Bitcoin's infancy, it seems that if you can't trust the people who want to connect directly to your bank account and run a background check on you, then you're running with a business plan that will fail over the long haul. The trust needs to go both ways and if I'm iffy about sketchy support and what could happen with my money, I'll probably just avoid BTC in the future. I know lots of people seem to come here and say that Coinbase is amazing and all you need to do is send one email and they'll just make everything fixed in a jiffy, but it certainly seems that's either anecdotal, only for certain cases, or outright whitewashing.
I'm getting pretty frustrated with their lack of support.  It seems like the only way to get something done is to say something here.