@_author: bitcoinitch
@_date: 2018-01-06 09:42:53
* Brazilian guy: I'll give you 1 micro Bichicoin Cash, sir.
* Native English speaker: Okay... Why are you saying 'Bitcoin' like that?
* Brazilian guy: That's just how we Portuguese speakers say 'Bichicoin'. Here's the 1 micro.
* Native English speaker: Wait, that's Bcash, I thought you were going to give me one BTC bit.
* Brazilian guy: No, Bch bichi, bitch!
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:23:05
Look what I found there: 
@_date: 2018-01-06 20:29:34
How do you mean? I don't know Chinese, but the few times I heard Chinese talk about Bitcoin, 'Bitcoin' was not pronounced like that.
@_date: 2018-01-06 09:32:07
'Bit' sounds too similar to 'Bch'. In fact Brazilians, Portuguese and probably other peoples would pronounce the two exactly the same. Better drop this idea because of this, if for no better reason.
@_date: 2018-01-06 20:09:04


It could also be pilaf's **mafs**.
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:02:25


Wow, you did swallow it, hook, line and sinker. We got Segwit because the miners decided to activate it, not because of some astroturfed scam. And yes, everyone benefited, except the UASF scammers (well, I guess if there are people dumb enough to believe the scammers saying "UASF worked" then they will benefit too, when people swallow their next scam). If miners hadn't activated Segwit they'd still have benefited, in another way. They'd have gotten some of the bitcoins belonging to ~~users~~ "beta testers" of this and a few other wallets promising Segwit through UASF.
If you go ahead believing and acting based on what some charlatans tell you about how things work, instead of acting based on how things actually work, you're going to get scammed. Mark my words.
@_date: 2018-09-13 09:35:06
Yeah, right, you were planning and shilling for the same thing, only not for bcash but for the would-be UASFcash instead. You are just a shitcoiner and a scammer.
You'd say very "safe" and "profitable" in shitcoin terms, not in Bitcoin terms (which people could lose), wouldn't you? Shitcoiner.
@_date: 2018-09-13 12:48:23
Double rainbow.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:50:55
They've been in "beta" for so long yet instead of minding their own business they were trying to get people into the UASF scam. To me it looks like they call it a "beta" just as an excuse for when they finally succeed stealing their ~~users'~~ "beta testers'" bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:25:16
You sound proud to have a smaller bit than @_date: 2017-12-14 18:36:09
If nothing else, in France I can buy a lot of whores with my bit.
@_date: 2018-09-13 11:11:29
u/bjandrus specifically asked for wallets which can be trusted and are not scams. You included Scamourai Wallet and Scamourai Wallet definitely cannot be trusted and they tried to scam their users before:
@_date: 2018-09-13 09:20:00


















@_date: 2018-09-13 11:01:26


Are you by chance pretending to support Segwit and Bitcoin, to sow division in the Bitcoin community? Actually, we do know that UASF was definitely NOT about activating Segwit, and all about other things, such as scamming people. If there was just UASF (and no explicit agreement from miners to enforce Segwit), Segwit would not be safe to use (see here:  So I think I know the answer to that question.
So I can just say:
No, but I can prove that you are pretending to support Segwit and Bitcoin, to sow division in the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:14:31
Bits are so gay! Uhh, I mean, I don't mean that offensively, I mean merry, lively, brilliant, you know, the word is a homo...nym... Hey! I didn't mean what you thought I mean! I mean. Anyway. It's a fag having to explain what I mean. I mean!...
@_date: 2018-09-14 16:47:11
Elaborate please, Mr. UASF shill.
@_date: 2018-09-14 11:49:25


Yeah, that's what happens with fraudulent schemes. Same with UASF:
* BIP148 vs. BIP149
* altcoin creation supporters vs. coin theft scammers
* The altcoin creation supporters split into long-term altcoin creation supporters and short-term pump-and-dump schemers (the latter liked bcash just the same for their agenda, and would be hated by the rest for that).
* The long-term altcoin creation supporters themselves split into PoW algo change altcoin creation supporters (obviously hated by current miners) vs. Segwit altcoin creation supporters - those hate each other.
* The one who want a PoW algo change altcoin for the long term split into many wannabe PoW algo choice central authorities.
* Out of the long-term altcoin creation supporters split the people who actually want just a low difficulty and easy to 51% attack or centralize shitcoin.
* The short-term pump-and-dump schemers were all disorganized and uncoordinated, some gave up early on and started arguing against BIP148 (some later switched to pumping bcash) vs. others who continued to shill UASF.
* The coin theft scammers split into simple replay attackers, anyone-can-spend exploiters and private-key-stealing scam wallet developers (who later used other forkcoins when UASFCoin failed to materialize). Some of those scams had a much worse chance with BIP148 than with BIP149, hence opposing BIP148 in favor of BIP149.
* Out of all those there were some who turned out to be fine with any of this, just to "see Bitcoin burn" (obviously hated by most people around).
* Out of all those split the ones who simply wanted to compete with the current miners by creating FUD against them, and they later launched their mining hardware brand.
* Out of all those there were the ones who simply wanted to get undue credit for the activation of Segwit on the Bitcoin chain and did not want to be associated with the others.
* There was also a split between ones who supported Bitcoin Core software vs. ones who wanted to compete against Bitcoin Core with their own shitty software.
* There was also a split between ones who abused the confusion created in order to FUD BTC with overly dramatic warnings and articles grossly exaggerating the chance of any of the above fraud actually playing out at non-negligible scale vs. ones who did not want price manipulation downwards at that time.
* All those groups and individuals and many more have split up over UASF because they realize that everyone (else) who was supporting UASF was either dishonest and cheating, or an incredible fool. That shouldn't surprise anyone when you realize that UASF was a terrible idea to begin with. It was only promoted since 2017 for someone else's secret and unique malicious purposes, and you can't pull off anything with such a terrible idea, not even a scam.
@_date: 2018-08-02 19:37:39
What's the point of submitting in principle to the papacy when the process of getting a pope is so unreliable in practice that you haven't had one for decades?
Are you trying to get one?
@_date: 2018-08-20 09:54:30


"My Jesus"? lol I reject idolatry of all kinds, including the idolatry of Jesus, not to even mention wannabe Jesuses. I agreed with your assessment about people who sold or essentially swapped their BTC for something else too early. I agreed about the individuals you brought up and I just brought up more examples of the same, that's all. I do remember people vouching for gox, both among the people who you mentioned and also among the people that I mentioned. I do see Gox having something in common worth bringing up. It was centralized and early on (2011) it became apparent (at least to those who can do math) that they had turned into a scam, because no way they could honestly guarantee withdrawals when they didn't have full reserves of BTC due to hacks. It's all about dishonesty and fooling people. Of course the people we are discussing were fooling others, and in some cases they were fooling *themselves*.
There was a misleading marketing narrative that purposefully causes brand confusion for Bch, and there was the same for UASF, Unlimited and other attempted forks before them. I believe that the right thing to do is to call out all the scams and call out all the scammers when in this way we can diminish their ability to hurt newbies.
@_date: 2018-08-01 00:36:23


A bluff is something which you do yourself, or you *coordinate* with others. You were telling people to run UASF but you were not telling those people that it was a bluff! They could have lost money as a result. You have essentially defrauded those people who ran UASF who may have thought you were being honest.
@_date: 2018-08-02 12:55:04
What you pointed out:


...actually leads to the conclusion that UASF as a way to get SegWit was a lie - in reality you can't use SegWit safely with just UASF and without the majority of miners agreeing to SegWit absolutely voluntarily and independently, for their own interest.


...actually points out that UASF tried to *ignore* the *longest valid blockchain*, according to the prevailing consensus rules at the time.


That's a great euphemism for "let's fork off wherever miners don't want to follow until 51% attacks become cheap". That is what this false religion used to market UASF, when taken to its logical extreme, implies. I don't believe that you swallowed it, hook, line and sinker.
You show an incapacity to think in terms of scenarios which could realistically play out, yet you insist on participating in such a discussion. It does require one to be able to focus long enough to have the context. I'll just repeat it:


@_date: 2018-08-20 10:07:45
@_date: 2018-08-30 02:46:50


I provided links where me and others explain those things. This had been done long ago. Where's your explanation about UASF supposedly "working" as something?


How about you go ahead first with your extraordinary claims? Your supposed "only actual goal" of miners signalling for Segwit is a bullshit goal. Even if such a goal is met, it does **not** follow that Segwit would be safely activated and usable, or that anything else of significance would happen on the network. See "Double-UASF". What's the point of miners signalling for Segwit if they don't agree and let you use it on the network? This has long been well explained and therefore you stating that this bullshit goal is your "only actual goal" is also bullshit.
@_date: 2018-08-30 04:41:48


I believe that the right thing to do is to call out all the fraud when in this way we can diminish its negative effects to the whole ecosystem. This happens to be one of the most prominently advertised around here recently.


I'm here if you want to share any information you might have about wrongdoings by people who were involved with UASF. Or just things which should affect their reputation and help us as a heads up in case we think of doing business with those people in the future. Like who is just a fool or wanting to hurt oneself and who is deliberately dishonest. Even just that would help. People make mistakes, but refusing to admit them only leaves observers guessing and suspecting the worst explanations, so it's best to just admit honestly.
@_date: 2018-08-02 14:26:12


Classic case of slave mentality in action, refusal to see human relations outside of a narrow master-servant framework.
@_date: 2018-08-02 19:12:50


It is *you* who tried to enable them to get your money through UASF. Without UASF no one can steal your money, whatever they try. It is dumb to try to create a system where any miner can get your money if they wanted to. Don't try to shift blame to them.


Speak for yourself. When your node disagrees with everyone else in the network, you just fork yourself off.


Theoretically, if that fork of the blockchain had all the market participants, all the market value, and all the incentive to be mined - yeah - but that never happened in practice, in history.


It is precisely and only the UASF mechanism itself which is a random nonsense change, not SegWit. UASF had orders of magnitude lower support than SegWit.


Do you want to follow in their footsteps? I definitely don't.


Wrong! You are making a basic mistake here! SegWit validating non-UASF nodes only start rejecting such blocks after they see 95% signalling and lock-in on the longest valid chain, according to pre-SegWit rules, meaning that invalid SegWit transactions would be accepted up to that point. Read your BIP9 and BIP141. If the miners running BIP148 UASF had less than 50% of the hashpower then UASF absolutely would fork off from the blockchain, and non-UASF nodes (basically everyone except UASF nodes) would **NOT** follow that fork and not activate SegWit yet, and therefore still accept invalid SegWit transactions.
It is absolutely clear from the BIPs and source code. As long as SegWit is not active, invalid SegWit transactions are treated as valid non-standard transactions and are not "stealing".
@_date: 2018-08-02 13:12:40


If you don't have a pope you can point to as the legitimate one (Do you? Who is he?) you are not a Catholic.
@_date: 2018-08-30 03:49:23


Those things don't inform my opinion about UASF at all. My opinion about UASF is entirely based on the facts of what UASF actually does, and not any irrelevant things, calls to emotion and bullshit.
The current reality, which was also a predictable reality before UASF was a thing, informed my opinion about your "efforts" in that such dishonest people who try to misrepresent UASF as a way towards Segwit would probably try to claim credit which they do not deserve. This reminds me to add one more important item to the list:
* As an attempt to hijack the efforts of the creators of Segwit, LN, Bitcoin blocks and ASICs, and claim completely undue credit for those things, UASF did not work.
@_date: 2018-08-02 15:00:09










UASFs also try to enable double spending attacks by ignoring blocks which are valid by the prevailing consensus rules. What do you have to say about UASF?
@_date: 2018-08-01 00:08:24


I think you are wrong about the "important" part. There wasn't a single economic member that was important in any way which supported it. Look on the positive side. The individuals and companies which supported it exposed themselves as untrustworthy in doing so. That is very valuable information that you don't often get so easily and for free! Even if some of the economic members were important for you, they should no longer be, you should stay away from them because they are untrustworthy.


"Follow" is tricky here. If miners hadn't wanted SegWit anyway and hadn't done BIP91 then UASF would have forked off. It didn't have a built in replay protection, but if you really wanted to, you could find a way to use both coins at the same time safely, as with other forkcoins. So if you had an economic member which you really wanted to continue to do business with despite their decision to fork off with UASF, you could do that. You'd be able to continue doing business with the UASF entities using your UASF coins and with the rest of the economic members using your BTC. In a sense, you'd be following both, rather than just ignoring or selling your forkcoins.
UASFs do not have any more leverage to change the Bitcoin protocol without consensus than any other type of fork (like hard forks). They simply fork off if they don't have consensus.
@_date: 2018-08-26 13:56:00
Naturally, the people who learn about Bitcoin and then stay because they *understand* and *appreciate* it tend to be critical and independent thinkers. However, many people of different kinds also stay around, such as those who want to copy others out of greed, and fraudsters who assume that there are a lot of fools with a lot of money around Bitcoin, among other kinds. So you can find people who are overtly religious and also people who seem to exhibit or encourage religious-like zealotry on things related to Bitcoin.
I want to share this song:
[Ozzy Osbourne - Mr. Crowley](
in remembrance of the actions of Luke Dashjr (a catholic "submitting in principle to the papacy" who nevertheless rejects all the recent popes) and a whole sect of other silly hat wearers and acolytes who tried to create their own UASF religion preying on innocent Bitcoin supporters.
@_date: 2018-08-02 16:14:22


I've noticed such a correlation too. The ones you mentioned sold their BTC for USD or BCH. Do you know who else sold their coins too early? The ones who sold their real BTC for Gox coins (a centralized coin well known to be a fractional reserve scam). Those included Luke Dashjr, Gregory Maxwell, Adam Back, among others. All of these guys promoted UASF (attempted and failed coin-stealing forkcoin scam), and the latter one even BTG (coin-stealing forkcoin scam).
There are dangerous scammers to watch out for on both sides.
@_date: 2018-08-02 14:09:57
And indeed it did not have a positive effect. There is no causal relationship with miners activating SegWit. It is arrogant to suggest that miners are so dumb as to feel threatened by UASF, when its mechanisms were publicly known.
@_date: 2018-08-02 13:36:43


I say, let's just point out when people are actually schismatic but pretend not to be, so that people know next time they try a schism. Also, people need to know the roots and the consequences of the ideas being proposed.
@_date: 2018-08-30 01:26:15


Apparently even some Btrash-heads say more things right than you about the UASF scam (after all, Btrash is pretty scammy too, so they know a thing or two about scams). To say the truth about UASF honestly, I offer you my perspective which is 100% unbiased by affiliation with any of those people or any altcoin or scam out there:
* As a [bluff (bluffs are not supposed to be so obvious)]( UASF did not work.
* As an attempt to create a new altcoin (unless you count Btrash as created as a result of UASF), UASF did not work.
* As an attempt to ["burn the whole thing down"]( UASF did not work.
* As a gateway to proof-of-work algorithm change (Luke et. al.) being shoved down your throat as a "solution" for the problems that UASF tried to create, UASF did not work.
* As a vague boycott of Bitcoin or certain miners or whatever, UASF did not work.
* As an attempt to replace Bitcoin Core with some shitty backdoored software, UASF did not work.
* As an attempt to pass off that shitty backdoored software as Bitcoin Core, and UASF coins as Bitcoins (same scam as the one by Btrash-heads), UASF did not work.
* As an attempt to get someone's mining/ASIC-manufacturing competitors to waste their hashpower, UASF did not work.
* As an attempt to fool people into thinking that miners don't matter in a proof-of-work cryptocurrency, UASF did not work.
* As an attempt to make 51% and other mining attacks on Bitcoin cheaper, UASF did not work.
* As FUD about a significant Bitcoin fork and lower BTC price due to UASF, UASF did not work.
* As an attempt to fool people into [losing their BTC by trying to use Segwit on a UASF fork of the chain]( UASF did not work.
Edit: to add one more important item which alexiglesias007 reminded me of:
* As an attempt to hijack the efforts of the creators of Segwit, LN, Bitcoin blocks and ASICs, and claim completely undue credit for those things, UASF did not work.
I mention all these agenda because each one of these agenda were pursued by some people (sometimes conflicting with other people pursuing conflicting things in the list). The one thing which conflicted with all of the above was actually getting to a safe Segwit activation. Which is why when many of the UASF shills said they were trying to get us Segwit (not all, some of them admitted that they didn't want or didn't care about Segwit) it was all bullshit. They knew UASF doesn't help with that at all. Enforcement of a soft fork strictly requires agreement from miners. There's a difference between what someone says something does and what it actually does. Learn it.
@_date: 2018-05-03 13:35:50
They tried to fool Bitcoin users:


Then they dragged their own users into the fork scam:


They even bragged about the amount of bitcoins per month that they essentially plotted to have stolen (depending on when miners decided to start enforcing Segwit, as explained here: 


And they tried to popularize this as a unit, which didn't even have "BTC" in it:
@_date: 2018-05-03 08:53:19
Scamourai Wallet has been in "beta" for so long yet instead of minding their own business they were trying to get people into the UASF scam. To me it looks like they call it a "beta" just as an excuse for when they finally succeed stealing their ~~users'~~ "beta testers'" bitcoins.
They also shilled for "bits" as an alternative unit (a programmer would have to be insane and/or dishonest to ever do that). That's a way to confuse people when there are shitforks like bcash and the would-be UASFcash which scammers claimed to be Bitcoin.
I wouldn't touch that wallet with a 10 foot pole in an airgapped computer's VM.
@_date: 2018-10-23 21:45:10


Really? And bring what, "features" like BIP148, the chainsplit and coin theft backdoor and blacklists?
@_date: 2018-10-07 03:10:23






Selfish mining is a bug in the sense that it was an initially unknown weakness. UASF, while involving a weak and limited form of a selfish mining attack which can easily be defeated (the offending blocks are publicly identifiable and so they can in turn be invalidated by the honest miners, leaving UASF nodes off the honest chain), is nevertheless an attempted exploitation of that bug.
No, trying to start orphaning certain blocks while the vast majority of both users and miners\* hasn't agreed and coordinated to do so yet is not how bitcoin has ever worked, nor can it ever work that way without becoming centralized in the hands of the last miner standing. It's really simple. Orphaning blocks means abandoning miners. Fewer miners means higher centralization. If you don't know what you are doing, don't even try it, don't even threaten it.
Edit: \* By the way, UASF had neither, not even a significant minority of either miners or economic adoption.
@_date: 2018-10-09 05:17:54


Oh, so you were just replying to me with something completely unrelated to what I was arguing (I brought the topic of BIP148, BIP149 and BIP8 UASFs which are made to try to deliberately orphan blocks)? Then I see no opposition to any of my arguments, and no defense of your past actions (for a second I thought there might be some).
@_date: 2018-10-11 02:26:05
Stupid socialist rhetoric. Why not word it like this instead:


Both contain the same information but one of the two versions is not worded like by a socialist UASF scam shill trying to appeal to some emotions in order to sell a fraudulent idea.
@_date: 2018-10-06 17:38:19


And then there are those who say that BIP148, BIP149 and BIP8 UASFs are totally not attacks, even though they do involve exploiting bugs, such as orphaning perfectly good blocks in order to cheat the competing miners (just like in selfish mining), enabling chainsplits and putting that power squarely in the hands of miners (in the case of BIP149 and BIP8), enabling replay attacks, which combined with anyone-can-spend enable stealing bitcoins from users who try to use SegWit under the UASFs. Cue the apologists for the UASF scam/`c``u``l``t`.
@_date: 2018-10-06 11:20:42
The name is pronounced "Bitcoin Itch"! `*flips bird* *ragequits*`
@_date: 2018-10-09 00:07:56


And this is what is wrong and hypocritical, contradicting the principle quoted above, not to mention common sense. Deliberately causing orphans, in other words, miners destroying the work of competing miners is a crime, and you and others have been inciting to such crimes by advocating for things like BIP148.
@_date: 2018-10-23 16:50:24
Yeah, \*\*\*\* Slush. They shilled for a poor attempt to mutilate and backdoor the safe, consensual and already widely deployed BIP141. That [poor, worse-than-Bch scam attempt was called BIP148](
@_date: 2018-10-08 14:26:50


You are calling the attempt to fork off into a chain with no real advantage (!) over the honest and agreed-upon chain "the normal course of making [a] chain progress"? Is that the best rhetoric you could come up with? Or are you referring to the orphaning of the attacking UASF blocks, from the perspective of all other nodes, through a forced invalidation (a *normal course* for the honest miners to defeat your attack)? The orphaning of honest blocks is mostly theoretical. Only the ones who try to attack lose, as it is in other areas of life. We are not talking about the case where practically every user and miner has *agreed*, *consented* to change the rules (BIP141 and BIP9).
After seeing you mention in your presentation the widely acknowledged principle of "**any user being able to make a fair attempt at mining a block, with the chance of success proportional to their share of the hash rate, no matter how large or small**", which BIP148 and other UASFs clearly and blatantly violate (or at least attempt, promise to) in a very basic way by trying to orphan blocks, it is clear that you are being completely hypocritical and intellectually dishonest in your advocacy for these attacks. You know you are wrong, and you refuse to confess.
@_date: 2018-06-19 10:36:25
@_date: 2018-06-20 20:06:53
Scamourai Wallet does not deserve to be considered a Bitcoin wallet any more than Bch wallets do. Bch certainly is not BTC! UASF is not BTC either! Scamourai Wallet shilled for the UASF scam and ran a UASF node in the back end - not any Bitcoin Core version or any other software that follows the same consensus rules. Scamourai Wallet is just a scam, even worse than the Bch dishonest pretend-Bitcoin fork. Not only was UASF a dishonest pretend-Bitcoin fork, but users could also have their BTC (yes, BTC, not UASF shitcoins!) stolen by this wallet's centralized operators and/or their miner buddies.
Scamourai Wallet cannot be trusted.
@_date: 2018-06-21 14:00:50
I see what you mean now. But I think you misunderstood ScamouraiWallet's comment. ScamouraiWallet says that ScamouraiWallet 100% stands by their decision to take part in the UASF scam and they intend to try another UASF scam in the future. This discussion is about UASF specifically, not Segwit. UASF got less than 1% support.
@_date: 2018-06-30 04:42:38






That's about as true as my fart succeeding in forcing you to write this ignorant comment, over the internet. I just made up a bullshit theory in my head about how farts could achieve that effect, over the internet (it involves a lot of hand waving and appeals to emotion). I farted at about the same time, so it must be true.


For those reading this and wondering, UASF was about to fork off into a shitfork on its own, if it wasn't for the original SegWit nodes and &gt;99% of the mining nodes, none of which are "UASF". Ignorant suckers may not be so lucky in a future UASF scam attempt.
Edit: Another major UASF scammer used that same demagogy point just a few days ago, and I busted the fallacious logic in it: 


I should say a failed attempt at a forkcoin scam. You got nothing from this one.
@_date: 2018-06-21 00:40:19
This time around the miners of 2017 decided to do what the miners of 2016 had agreed to and signed in Hong Kong and they did their own **miner-enforced soft fork**, similar to other normal soft forks in the past. Next time around things may not turn out the same way. You tried to create an incentive, in the form of anyone-can-spend outputs, for the miners *not* to activate SegWit. That's right, you said you were for SegWit, but your actions spoke otherwise, you hypocrite. You hoped that miners would be lured by the prospect of free BTC that you tried to cheat UASF victims of. The miners didn't count on your scam. In reality, the victims of UASF (i.e. non-shills) were too few for miners to bother delaying SegWit in order to see if victims would be dumb enough to lose any significant amount of BTC through the UASF scam. So miners just activated their SegWit-enforcing soft fork this time. Even though your UASF scam is conditional on miners acting a certain way at a certain time, it is still a scam that you are the perpetrator of. Chainsplit or no chainsplit, UASF is still a shitfork, just like XT, Classic and Unlimited, which never caused a chainsplit either. But you aren't quipping the technically-correct-but-irrelevant "the only Bitcoin chain that exists today is the Unlimited one" because those shitforks come from a scam cartel which is competing with yours, and so you don't want to advertise those publicly, you demagogue.
And now the ScamouraiWallet guy and you hold the position that "100% stand by that and would do it again if we had to".
Scamourai wallet and you are 100% unrepentant scammers.
@_date: 2018-06-29 23:54:57


Yeah, they also did PR (like, 'Public Relations', not 'Pull Request') for BTG (a forkcoin scam) and UASF (another forkcoin scam). When someone is out to scam you, them being technically competent is not good news for you, it's bad news. It means that they have a better shot at scamming you, unless you too get a clue (at least the basics, enough to see shit like BTG and UASF for what they were).
This is about honesty, not about technical competence.
@_date: 2018-06-30 18:08:26
Believe?! ROFL! You think cryptography is about belief?! Looks like you view this as a religion. That explains a lot.
I don't *believe*, I actually *understand* what I say to be true, something you clearly can't. Too bad for you.
@_date: 2018-06-19 10:50:36


You'll learn why this is the case in 3...2...1... oh wait, I spoke too late.
@_date: 2018-06-21 11:54:51


What do you mean by that? What are you referring to?
@_date: 2018-06-30 00:07:54
Yes, it has been explained so many times. See the link I gave in my first comment here: 
@_date: 2018-06-21 17:46:04
You seem to be butthurt that I see through both the scams of luke/uasf/etc. and the scams of roger/bitmain/hardforkers and I speak against both, but you fail at your miserable attempt to shoot the messenger through guilt by non-existing association.
@_date: 2018-03-23 19:53:44
Like I said, you drank all the coolaid you were given without getting any clue whatsoever. You still have no clue. Like, right now the UASF author BTCDrak claims to be doing this scheme: 
You read that right, Asicboost!
Literally everything you said is wrong.




Wrong. UASF or Segwit? Segwit only fixed and changed other things. UASF was to fix neither. UASF could only fix fools like you having more bitcoins than you deserve. You know the saying, *a fool and his money are soon parted*, right?
@_date: 2018-03-21 14:53:29


Looks like you drank too much coolaid. Do you worship and trust everything some idol is saying here? They sold that Asicboost brainwashing to further their agendas, one was to make UASF users fork off to steal their bitcoins (BTCDrak and his worshippers), another was to make UASF fork off and fail and then play Moses bringing a PoW change hard fork to the children of Israel down from the mountain, as the salvation (L. Bcashjr and his acolytes). It was never about Asicboost. They never cared about Asicboost. Asicboost was just a distraction and a pretext to rile the gullible. And don't talk of Segwit like it is UASF. Segwit is the real thing, UASF is the scam.
@_date: 2018-03-21 21:48:33
Yeah, he once implemented one of the first proof of work systems (wasn't originally his idea, by the way). That tells us that he can write some code. Great. That is very respectable. It speaks of intelligence, diligence, experience. Good things. But it doesn't tell us anything about *trustworthiness*.
And one of the last notable thing that he did was to vouch for Bgold, and by extension, its official scam wallets, just like he was later vouching for this similarly shady DragonMinge entity. Let me tell you, he never saw anything wrong with what he did with Bgold then and he didn't apologize (ask him, or look up his public statements). I didn't say he's doing things for some government. It could be just for the money. He didn't acquire any cheap BTC for a long time, and when he did he let it sink with Gox. He must be very salty and he must be thinking that the Bitcoin community owes him money or something. He better appreciate that the Bitcoin community warned about the fraud at Gox way back in 2011, and then warned about the fraud that was UASF, and that things like Bgold and DragonMinge need to be *verified* before touching, and that such things turn out to be scams more often than not. It means both that he can avoid getting hurt by scams by just doing some due diligence first, and that if he tries to promote scams he should expect to be called out for it.
He could also just be an incredible fool that never learns, but either way, he is hurting and endangering others.
@_date: 2018-03-15 19:13:16
No, I don't adopt religious names for within *A religion or religious sect generally considered to be extremist or false, with its followers often living in an unconventional manner under the guidance of an authoritarian, charismatic leader*.
@_date: 2018-03-15 09:36:03
You're not revealing actual wrongfully _______ comments and posts, you are not revealing specifics about the wrongdoings and the wrongdoers. Seems like you're actually comfortable with what is going on. Then you are just as guilty as the ones you talk about with some vague hint of dissatisfaction.
@_date: 2018-03-15 05:59:09
First you say you are doing collective bargaining, then you talk about getting volume discounts or participating in cooperatives. Those are completely different things economically.
Only the last one, "dont ride the bus when they treat you bad", could be analogous to what you're actually doing - choosing to boycott businesses. In principle, boycotts are fine and have their place, although I'd question your criteria for those decisions.
I think I see why you bring up those economically unrelated concepts. The common thing among all of them is the presence of a central organization to represent its members. You've confirmed that your recent boycotts that we've seen have been organized by a group.
It would have been entirely fine if you decided to boycott someone based on some moral principle, a standard that everyone is to be held to. Instead, you and your group chose to boycott entities involved with some forkcoins, while you yourself and your group promoted the creation of another forkcoin (UASF), moreover, a scamcoin that was one of the most dishonestly advertised ones that we've ever seen. Your scamcoin was even worse than Bch. And that is saying something. Bch at least put replay protection in, so that coins cannot be stolen by default, and they made their name and symbol at least a little different, instead of insisting that it is exactly the same as Bitcoin. Ironically, only the actions of those you wanted to boycott then, the miners enforcing Segwit signalling, stopped the scam. UASF was a boycott that was based on bad criteria (impatience plus ASICBoost bullshit conspiracy theories and demagogy), could only ever hurt you and it could even give free money to the miners who were supposedly being boycotted. The actions of you and your boycott gang have been beyond hypocritical, they are the butthurt freakout of a failed criminal.
Maybe it's not right to judge you all collectively, perhaps you were just an useful idiot. However, you chose to shift your responsibilities to someone else, let some central group authority do the thinking for you. Guess what, you're still personally responsible for what you've personally done, whether you understand it or not.
This brings us back to OP's choice of words to describe your gang, which is very apt. You're like schismatic religious fanatic pedophiles that bitch about other religions. My choice of words is also valid. Most of your boycotts so far are not based on sound moral or economic principles, they mostly just hurt financially the ones doing it, just like communism. Your divisive instigations, distraction with unrelated concepts, appeals to emotion, and other fallacies and blatant lies are just demagogy.
@_date: 2018-03-15 00:02:17
Collective bargaining is a term for what labor unions do. Essentially it is the creation of a labor cartel to try to gouge labor prices (wages). It is the antithesis of free markets, competition, and thus, decentralization (all closely related concepts). Collective bargaining is a favorite tool for communists, socialists and other collectivists.
They are also against "evil capitalists", like the miners that make Bitcoin function, and so a UASF movement was born (or rather, engineered). I remember you were a part of this anti-capitalist movement. You called the non-forking, majority-miner-supported original Bitcoin tokens "Jihancoins" and wanted to sell them for a forkcoin (worse than Bch, UASF was a scam), because you wanted to boycott the 99% of the miners that weren't playing along with your UASF scam:






Source: 
@_date: 2018-03-15 08:19:49


You don't get it, I wanted Segwit too, but the real Bitcoin with Segwit, not a scamcoin fork like UASF. UASF failed at achieving the *real* goal of scamming the people who installed the UASF software.


Sane people don't do random things only because someone hates the things, we do things which are good for ourselves and for the people we care about, or at least not hurt ourselves, first and foremost.
@_date: 2018-03-30 14:33:05


Eve is a Bch? Interesting.
@_date: 2018-03-15 18:58:55
Now tell me that this is not *A religion or religious sect generally considered to be extremist or false, with its followers often living in an unconventional manner under the guidance of an authoritarian, charismatic leader*.
@_date: 2018-02-22 04:42:47


Its actual (secret) goal was to scam its users. It didn't happen.


What they actually want - activate Segwit.


Because they didn't want to or need to - this time.


There was nothing to capitulate. You are just pushing a completely false narrative. They wanted Segwit.
But you're saying that now you count on miners to do what you want them to? Aren't you putting yourself in... how should I say this... dependence of the miners? If they do what you want them to - great; if they don't - you lose all your money. Whoops.


Your scam lost. Segwit won. Miners decided that the money they would have gotten from your scam was too paltry compared to the benefits of Segwit.
@_date: 2018-03-24 10:42:28
Looks like all you DragonMinge fanboys think about is jihad. Reminds me of the UASF fanboys, some other shitcoin fanboys, company boycott fanboys, the PoW change fanboys and so on. Almost looks like you're all the same fanboys... or should I say jihadis? [Here's some *jihad* for you](
@_date: 2018-03-21 18:36:09


They are nowhere near "primary devs". We are talking here about BTCDrak and perhaps Adam Back (not a Bitcoin Core dev at all actually), right? They created and preached for UASF. They tried to have it adopted as official religion of Bitcoin Core and failed. It was rejected for inclusion even as an off-by-default option. If their special brainchild gets so thoroughly torn apart and rejected that it's not even admitted as an option then they are nowhere near "primary devs", are they? They are just some scammers trying to proliferate their scams through more popular software.


Forget all the devs! It would be irrational to avoid Bitcoin just because of devs. You only need to care about *today's* consensus rules for that. Not even the whole Bitcoin Core software. Malicious devs can't change shit without the consent of the miners, investors, companies, etc. The original Bitcoin will just carry on without them if they try to do something stupid.
Remember Gavin Andresen and Mike Hearn? At one point they were seen as "primary devs" by many, too. Then they tried their own little coups and senseless fork coins. Now they are nobodies in Bitcoin. Then last year BTCDrak, Adam Back, L. Bcashjr, Gregory Maxwell, Peter Todd, Rusty Rusell, Lombrozo and a whole sect of other silly hat wearers and acolytes tried to create their own UASF religion. They too are nobodies or are on their way to becoming nobodies, at least when it comes to the future development of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-22 03:19:09


You are going to start another UASF scam? Duly noted.
@_date: 2018-03-28 18:02:07
That's what I'm saying. The UASF puppet masters can't change the consensus rules so easily, no matter how much they *wish* they could.
@_date: 2018-03-14 21:42:21


























Communist demagogue confirmed.
@_date: 2018-03-21 15:10:06
That's not an effective way for you to cop out of this. Try harder.
@_date: 2018-03-23 20:05:25
If you are a miner you better factor in that diffiCULTy is going to go up by about 20% (or whatever the exact number is) *IF* Asicboost starts being used (everyone else's hardware and software support it too already, just not running it). That's still a big *IF*. Existing miners could just block version rolling Asicboost with a soft fork if they wanted to. Who's going to bitch if Asicboost gets blocked? I won't. I don't mind.
@_date: 2018-03-21 13:37:00


I don't know why you call Samson Mow an outsider. They both tried to create their own Bcash or Bgold-like fork scam called UASF. They are both insiders and know what kind of scams Bitcoin users could fall for. That is why people should be even more cautious with them. And they already attempted (and failed at) one scam - UASF.
@_date: 2018-02-21 22:40:45
You have nothing to counter the evidence that I've presented, so you are trying to misdirect people towards my reddit account. Well, the evidence speaks for itself, and you can't counter it. Your comments contain nothing of value. I'm warning users to be aware that the people behind Scamourai Wallet are fraudsters.
@_date: 2018-03-21 14:07:22


This discussion is about the merits of the company and its alleged products. Those merits are entirely indeterminate at this point.
In this situation we could then look at the person's *trustworthiness*. That's the next relevant merit. It's not whether someone made a trivial code contribution a few times. It's *whether he ever lied*. And lied he did. He claimed that UASF couldn't cause a fork, but we know very well that it was a lie. He claimed that miners didn't want Segwit, but that was a lie, in fact miners eventually agreed to activate Segwit on their own. He claimed that miners have no check on which Bitcoin protocol changes take effect and which don't, and that's a lie. In fact miners have the power to activate soft fork proposals which are adopted by users, or they can block them if they think that that is the best course of action. He claimed that users are somehow superior to miners and that users can somehow subjugate miners and that was an absurd lie. He claimed that UASF was safe, but in fact it was a way to steal bitcoins from users. Those are his relevant merits. And now you are asking people to trust this guy and give him money for alleged mining products that may not even exist? How stupid do you think we are?
@_date: 2018-02-21 17:45:29


Scamourai Wallet supported and promoted the UASF. That is the opposite of security. That is fraud. The UASF was a scam and people explained that many times. It was an attempt to steal bitcoins from its users and it didn't actually endanger the miners the way its shills claimed. It was just a scam. Segwit was activated because it is good for everyone, including the miners.
Scamourai Wallet can't be trusted.
@_date: 2018-02-22 01:35:09


**This is demagogy and falsehood.**
The UASF was a scam and people explained that many times (for example, here:  It was an attempt to steal bitcoins from its users and it didn't actually endanger the miners the way its shills claimed. It was just a scam. **Segwit was activated because it is good for everyone, including the miners.**
@_date: 2018-03-29 01:31:31


Yes, I've noticed you.
@_date: 2018-02-22 05:16:33
So UASF astroturfing campaigns are invite-only?
@_date: 2018-02-18 23:56:20
I bet that this is a case of Scamourai wallet astroturfing again.
Reference a [recent demagogy piece by Scamourai wallet on the subject]( Just a small excerpt: "reinforcing their image as an out of touch bully looking to hijack the network for their own gain" - quite hypocritical coming from supporters of UASF scam fork.
Edit: If they really had a good reason to oppose this particular protocol, they could propose a better one, but they didn't!
@_date: 2018-02-22 02:55:03


It was actually a few people threatening to fork off into a forkcoin (like a Bch, before it was a thing), so it couldn't really even force miners to do anything. The UASF was pushed with a lot of disinformation, demagogy and astroturfing. However, that forkcoin didn't even have any replay protection whatsoever, and because of the way that SegWit was made to be soft fork compatible (Segwit transactions are seen as anyone-can-spend by nodes which have not activated Segwit yet) it was going to cause the UASF users to lose their BTC (it was explained here:  It was a scam, and that is why they deliberately made it so vulnerable, and that is why they were misrepresenting it and astroturfing it.
SegWit was actually activated because the miners had an agreement, and then ran software which forced activation after reaching over 80% signalling.
@_date: 2018-02-22 04:04:22


Well, that's exactly the UASF idea.
Like [this guy](


What could possibly go wrong, right? According to you, they'd just accept such a retarded change and give up on the real original bitcoin blockchain which keeps things unchanged. Do you even think?
@_date: 2018-03-15 00:32:31










Lol you want to kick miners out (you must be looking at them like "those evil capitalists") because supposedly there's a mining cartel, but actual cartels are all about kicking competitors out - what you want to do. You want to do things which actually centralize mining, and this is communist.
And now you want to take away profits from miners. That has gotta kick some miners out. And guess what, miners won't be okay with it, unlike SegWit which they actually agreed to activate because it was good for them. So this is what I'd expect you to do if you want to create a collectivist forkcoin. But UASF's reputation is worse than that of an altcoin, because of the BIP148. This previous UASF was worse than an altcoin, worse than even Bch, it didn't even have replay protection like a proper forkcoin. It was just a scam to steal bitcoins, right there next to BTG which stole private keys through some of the official wallets, a scamcoin (also very collectivist, communist and anti-private property in a way).
@_date: 2018-02-19 00:22:14


I'd like to know their *real* reasons, too. You brought it up, perhaps you know them.
If Scamourai wallet really had a good reason to oppose this particular protocol, they could propose a better one, but they haven't! BIP70 offers more than what BIP21 is about.
@_date: 2018-02-19 00:38:38


Are you talking about what the link links to or who it was given to (you)?
@_date: 2018-02-19 13:42:14


It's because they are not really and primarily *wallet* developers. They supported and promoted the UASF. They are scam architects. 
If the UASF had happened as planned (meaning: not supported by most miners, that's why they taunted them) Segwit transactions would have been truly anyone-can-spends for all normal (non-UASF) nodes. Anyone able to withhold transactions from the public network could spend them to themselves on the Bitcoin chain (steal the whole amount plus change) before anyone else could, if they colluded with a Bitcoin miner to keep the stealing transactions secret until they are included in blocks.
Now they suspect and project that BitPay is trying to execute a scam similar to what they themselves were plotting with the UASF.
@_date: 2018-02-22 04:20:29
You are spreading misinformation that the UASF coerced miners (it didn't) and that you can force miners to mine your shitfork even if they don't want to. They can just continue to mine what they have been mining. Users should not want to fork off either, for obvious reasons. A shitcoin with no replay protection and anyone-can-spend logic is just another way to lose your money (read this  And lose it to the miners (the irony)!
Stop trying to scam people.
@_date: 2018-02-21 18:31:31
Here, they explained the scam:
@_date: 2018-02-22 03:05:03


You are in error on this, but in a sense you're right. The [UASF] was one astroturfing campaign, and [NoS3X] was another astroturfing campaign that was against the 2MB hard fork, but the members and sockpuppets of the two largely overlapped, so they are easy to confuse indeed.
@_date: 2018-03-21 13:26:38


I can tell you why people use Bitcoin even in the presence of untrustworthy and malicious developers. Bitcoin cannot be changed by a few developers or a team of developers alone, whoever they are. There's peer review where other people can see shenanigans and backdoors, blow the whistle and block the changes from being adopted. There are other key players, such as miners, companies and investors who also have a check on which changes to Bitcoin can take effect and which can't. Scams by developers don't succeed.
Those "bitcoin developers" (if you are talking about the same people that I remember) in fact did try to change the Bitcoin Core software in a malicious way, and failed. They created and shilled for UASF and tried to put it in Bitcoin Core, because Bitcoin Core is used by many people. People saw through it and the UASF change was rejected. If UASF had been put into Bitcoin Core and if there had been non-negligible numbers of users running UASF then stealing bitcoins from UASF users would have been worthwhile and we would have another fork like Bcash, only people would have their BTC stolen the instant they tried to claim their fork coins. So, more like Bgold's scam wallets. Oh, wait, this reminds me... one of the guys who vouched for this Falun Gong mining (whatever it was called) also vouched for Bgold! And that was a confirmed scam. So you want us to trust people who are confirmed scammers, in *multiple scams*!? No thanks, don't tell me to trust these guys, I know what they have done! We need verification before paying for anything from them.
@_date: 2018-07-31 15:06:38
Yes, but the question is: what would it have produced had SegWit not activated?
@_date: 2018-03-15 08:06:15
Say that *A religion or religious sect generally considered to be extremist or false, with its followers often living in an unconventional manner under the guidance of an authoritarian, charismatic leader* word again.
@_date: 2018-03-22 08:44:42




Why ask that at all? I didn't say that.
@_date: 2018-07-31 09:52:35
u/norfbayboy, do you want to defend your "burn the whole thing down" views?
Edit: I now see that you edited your comment to add this "argument" trying to insinuate that I have something to do with a shitcoin and that therefore my character is flawed, and that therefore my arguments can't be good:


There's no need to point out the obvious logical fallacies, but I will mention that I don't support any shitcoin. I only support BTC.
@_date: 2018-07-31 08:51:13


Only a person who values truth would understand why. You clearly aren't one.
@_date: 2018-07-05 19:12:51


I already posted the sources a couple of times (plus you can find many more).


Luke who?


Because by using their official software and promised features (in the case of UASF: Segwit unenforced by BTC miners) you would lose your BTC (!) on top of potentially also losing the forkcoins. It did happen with BTG (as for UASF they failed to get it to fork off, not for a lack of trying, but because ultimately this was in the hands of the miners by design).


Interesting, I did a quick search and only found that it's a forkcoin which redistributes coins from "inactive" addresses to their centralized entity, like a premine (shitcoin status confirmed, at least). I didn't come across any *BTC* stealing there though, which is what BTG and UASF were about. Designing a forkcoin which does insane things solely within its own little blockchain fork (as long as it is clearly announced from the start) is not anywhere near as bad as stealing something which existed before or outside the fork. Luke also once said he'd consider starting a forkcoin where Bitmain's or other's coins would be openly confiscated, but that's not nearly as bad as him lying that the UASF software was "Bitcoin Core" or trying to get innocent users to run it.
@_date: 2018-07-05 12:18:56
He forgot to mention Roger Ver (Bch pump-and-dump forkcoin scam), Jack Liao and Adam Back (BTG coin-stealing forkcoin scam), Luke Bcashjr (UASF attempted and failed coin-stealing forkcoin scam), etc.
@_date: 2018-07-31 10:21:20


Well, as you can see u/norfbayboy was explicitly threatening to burn the thing down. Why are you ignoring this threat? Is it an empty threat?
@_date: 2018-07-31 15:39:33


I remember that lie. Miners really couldn't hope to steal bitcoins stored on SegWit addresses **IF and only IF** SegWit was accepted and supported by a majority of the miners. And then came the insidious invention of a way to make stealing bitcoins stored on SegWit addresses actually possible. The key was to try to trick users to prematurely activate SegWit at their own wallets before the miners do. That way the possibility for miners to get those users' actual BTC (not fork coins) would be present. That attempted premature activation of SegWit is called UASF.
Wow, why do you find it so important to keep your bullshit narrative about past events (UASF) on display?
@_date: 2018-07-31 19:22:18


That is exactly what prematurely activating SegWit at their own wallets before the miners do means. Manufacturing the appearance that 100% of miners are signalling for SegWit activation, when in reality the percentage may still be too low, like 30% for SegWit, and the UASF fork of the chain would have had only a fraction of that. It is premature relative to the 95% level required by regular SegWit which was the widely deployed software.
@_date: 2018-07-31 14:55:34
u/NotSeeTroll, I leave this UASF supporter specimen for you to discuss your differences.


Did you mean "nothing too loose", or perhaps "nothing to loosen"?




We have a Hearnia 2.0 in the making!
@_date: 2018-07-05 18:13:22
(you could find these links in my history)
First he basically did their PR and later he admitted that he wanted people to go sell their BTG, which is how people lost money (BTC and forkcoins), because their official wallets were stealing the private keys.
@_date: 2018-07-30 17:02:47
UASF did inspire team big block hard forks to finally fork off once and for all, creating bcash. They saw that the idea of launching an altcoin was heavily marketed even in this subreddit (in the form of UASF). They saw that you and several other people who had previously been opposed to creating forkcoins finally changed your minds and started working towards launching your own. You basically made the idea of forkcoins appear normal and broadly acceptable and prepared the ground for their forkcoin. Don't be shy, you deserve some credit for that.
@_date: 2018-07-27 11:51:18
Which community does? The r/Bitcoin community?
@_date: 2018-07-07 13:32:34


Who and what are you correcting? I certainly did not imply that miners alone can make invalid things valid. I said that miners (but *not only miners*!) can, *and must*, agree in order to make certain *valid things invalid*. Those two statements are totally different in their every component.


This is irrelevant, because we were not talking about making invalid things valid, but about making certain valid things invalid ("redefining a class of scripts which would formerly be trivial true (spendable by anyone)"). Based on what you've said in the past, it looks like you wanted to sneak this in because you want to once again insinuate that non-mining full nodes have some magical superpowers that miners (also full node operators) don't also have, which would put their operators in central control of the Bitcoin system.
This ludicrous religion that it has to be just one central group having full control (in your case - non-mining node operators) has to go.
@_date: 2018-07-27 15:40:33
That is not even the Bitcoin community as a whole.
@_date: 2018-02-21 19:27:05


Show me how the vulnerability in UASF that he showed doesn't work. Segwit uses an anyone-can-spend mechanism in order to be a soft fork. Of course anyone can spend that if there is no consensus to the contrary. What is there to sabotage when UASF is vulnerable by itself. Anyone could steal bitcoins in this way if the UASF forked off and Scamourai Wallet wanted to get some of the spoils, that's why they promoted it. The UASF *was* about forking off and stealing bitcoins and *nothing* else, so why pretend otherwise? If you believe it was about something else, show us how it would work. You can't.
@_date: 2018-07-07 07:50:45


Exactly - and to do so they'd need to use one of the existing wallets (most of them malware).


The BTG project itself was a malware project. You are being an apologist trying to deflect responsibility.
@_date: 2018-02-22 03:48:25


 is not communism UASF is not communism UASF is not communism UASF is not communism UASF is not communism UASF is not communism UASF is not communism UASF is not communism UASF is not communism UASF is not communism
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:27:25


Since you asked: a UASF is a *wish* for a takeover by a few central puppet masters, although in reality they can't take over Bitcoin. At most they could take over the BTC owned by people dumb enough to use UASF wallets.
@_date: 2018-07-31 21:56:00


Well if riplin or you mean something different by that, then it is wrong. What I said is correct. Whether directly with BIP149 or indirectly with BIP148 after its senseless fork.


Every wallet has a node behind it, or together with it, you know. Think of the whole picture. And you and your UASF buddies were busy telling innocent users to use that node software for their money, some of you promising them SegWit through it. And now you say "UASF had NOTHING to do with anyone creating SegWit transactions". Someone is being dishonest, and it is not me.
@_date: 2018-07-31 09:42:32


I agree. All the risks were stacked only against the people who ran UASF, and not the whole ecosystem. All the opportunities to profit were, ironically, in the hands of the miners.


Wait, [another UASF guy just said "Uasf wasn't a fork coin"]( Indeed it did not have a built-in replay protection necessary to be able to function independently, nor a distinguishable currency name. So now I see three distinct UASF mindsets: norfbayboy sees it as a suicide bombing, you see it as a forkcoin, luke-jr sees it as something else (not really sure what). You all should straighten this between each other.
@_date: 2018-07-07 08:13:36


Well, of course no one can spend your Segwit wallet now that miners have agreed to enforce it. That was never an issue, unless people did something stupid like fork off in a UASF thinking that they can use Segwit under a UASF which is not actually a normal miner-enforced soft fork.
@_date: 2018-07-31 12:51:01


This is what the article says. More specifically the type of altcoin the author is referring to is called a forkcoin, since it forks off of an existing blockchain. And this is what the guy himself [just said](


u/luke-jr, what do you have to say about this part where the author Weirdum is contradicting you? What would you say about the author?
@_date: 2018-07-14 23:31:40
That's right, campaigns such as "UASF" and "BIP148" were called out for being astroturfing and they failed in their attempt to create a shitcoin like Bch (in fact they inspired team Bch to finally launch their shitcoin, which they initially called "UAHF"). Those astroturfers fooled no one in the real grassroots, which are alive and well.
The centralized team of "founders" who was claiming their altcoin "is like bitcoin" and "is like Segwit" are in fact just a team of fraudsters.
@_date: 2018-07-31 22:06:10


That's right, the blocks rejected by UASF nodes aren't part of the *UASF chain* - they are part of the original blockchain where everyone else is at. UASF is a forkcoin (and a really really bad one at that).


With BIP148 those were like over 99%, not a minority. UASF had less than 1% stating their intention to mine on a UASF chain.
@_date: 2018-07-31 21:35:18


You can't find any lies and any bag. I'm telling it like it is, verifiable, whereas you are just bullshitting.


Well, certain people were promising that UASF was a way to get SegWit, presumably so that users could use it. Why else would you activate SegWit if not to use it after that?


UASF couldn't really "force" anyone to do anything. That is absurd and laughable, even some of your UASF buddies express that. It was about activating a soft fork regardless of what level of hashpower support it has reached. It is really an excuse for forking off from the blockchain. Normal soft forks don't do this. For instance, normal SegWit required a 95% level, guaranteeing that any activation of it would be safe and uneventful. All you had to do was wait for that level to be reached! But you went on with a UASF at a time when the level was at 30%, as if you wanted to activate at that level, which would have guaranteed your forking off.
BIP149 UASF wasn't even concerned with the signalling bit of blocks. It would just directly activate SegWit on the nodes running BIP149. BIP148 UASF did have other, less disastrous failure modes before getting to SegWit activation on its fork of the blockchain. It required a significant portion of the hashpower to get SegWit activate there. But if it ever got there and users tried to use SegWit on the UASF blockchain, they would lose their BTC (because SegWit would not be active on that other blockchain). That is just how it works.
@_date: 2018-04-02 19:26:08










Hey, why is your comment not showing up in the comments section?
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:57:26


That's a logical fallacy. Not everything that miners agree to is automatically not a backdoor, but certainly when you attempted to con people into sending money towards what was still "anyone-can-spend" it was done through a software patch which was a backdoor, because you tried to deny the crucial need for miners to agree to the new rule, and had this logic removed through the patch.
@_date: 2018-04-29 09:23:01
* Brazilian guy: I'll give you 1 micro Bichicoin Cash, sir.
* Native English speaker: Okay... Why are you saying 'Bitcoin' like that?
* Brazilian guy: That's just how we Portuguese speakers say 'Bichicoin'. Here's the 1 micro.
* Native English speaker: Wait, that's Bcash, I thought you were going to give me one BTC bit.
* Brazilian guy: No, Bch bichi, bitch!
@_date: 2018-04-11 17:42:48
Wait, it can't be turned off?? I assumed that you could just turn Asicboost off and mine at about the same hashrate as an S9 (was it about 13.5Th/s).
@_date: 2018-04-02 18:29:15
This is literally how this wiki article starts:


* The transaction signature does authentication in the Bitcoin cryptosystem. UASF was a way to bypass this. It is a backdoor.
* You try to associate me with Bcash, which I'm not associated with in any way. Clearly you are malicious and you are trying to smear me because you want the attention away from you. The facts which I present prove that you are a criminal, because you tried to con people into running the backdoored software.
@_date: 2018-04-11 13:51:05
This is false advertisement. These Asics started being advertised as the most efficient without accounting for the Asicboost. If you use Asicboost on a Bitmain Asic you get about the same efficiency. Somehow this DragonMinge gets no efficiency improvement even though they've supposedly went to 10nm compared to 16nm from Bitmain? How did they manage that?
Oh, and have they actually delivered yet, proven with a teardown of an actual product by an independent customer?
@_date: 2018-04-02 05:02:49
I like this one:






One was developed and they called it "UASF".
@_date: 2018-04-10 09:47:27
There's a guy wearing a Slayer shirt on the episode after this one. Maybe he likes the song [Cryptos of Eternity](
    I have seen the darkened depths of shell
    Sorcery beyond how 'Bch' is spelled
    Robbed the cryptos - death by private key
    Killed the shill and cursed him endlessly
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:43:50
Think of Segwit like a new magical law that if you put money on public land in a certain way, it's yours, and no one else can touch it. If the rule of law is strong, it works, no problem, great (this is the original Segwit). UASF was like doing the same action, putting money on public land the same way, but without the law! It was like, "frick (you asked for the 5 year old friendly version) this law, we will put it there anyway, whether the law follows or not". It was a way to go around the strong rule of law by tricking users to put their money where it is not protected by the law or anything at all, so that it can be stolen. In practice, this is done by making transactions which are still valid without the signature, so that the output can be changed and still be valid. This would still be valid and accepted by the vast majority if it wasn't for the miners agreeing to enforce the original Segwit consensus rule "law" and its activation mechanism. So the analogy shouldn't even be with public land, it's more like putting money on the miners' land. They would have all the power to take all this money.
If you want to go beyond the 5 year old level you can read this: 
@_date: 2018-04-29 07:33:14
Or instances of shilling of shitcoins like bcash. This whole bits shit is just that.
@_date: 2018-04-21 13:35:47
Those two guys are literally proven scammers or promoters of other people's scams. Why would you listen to them, of all people?