@_author: bitcoingretnag
@_date: 2017-11-04 15:29:28
This handbook is very useful to me as a beginner, so thank you for the effort and for sharing it. I espcially like that you're pointing beginners in the right direction (either through bitcoin podcasts, or by following bitcoin experts) to further build their knowledge and whet their appetite for curiosity. 
However I feel that your handbook needs a section with information on where and what a person needs to do to buy bitcoin. Advice on the best sites, the security precautions, the ways to pay lowest fees, and the expected average waiting times from the deposit to the purchase - all this would be vital information for new users in bitcoin. At least that's that what i needed when i purchased my first btc a couple of weeks back.
@_date: 2017-11-04 16:45:21
she was actually given "advice" buy someone from her work the first time she bought a tiny amount. He didn't mention the important part about wallet backups or phrases. She's lost those coins - partly her fault partly her mentor's !
@_date: 2017-11-04 17:07:13
Well i really like the list on how to get free bitcoin. It's true that there are many places where you can get yourself some btc without paying for it (freelancing, faucets...). But perhaps you could also mention more sites ? 
The best bitcoin podcast list is really good in my opinion because there are podcast like let's talk bitcoin (just started listening to it) which is great.
Your collection of bitcoin experts is very useful for someone starting off looking for people to follow. Perhaps you can include more? Maybe i would call them bitcoin "leaders" instead of experts.
You could also further add to the list of useful crytp sites - i found that your explanations were rather interesting and would be delighted to know of any other recommended sites on your radar. 
As for the ethereum and bitcoin price predictions for 2018, i think you've done a good job providing an accurate and balanced scenario for both up and down side markets. Let's see what happens !
@_date: 2017-11-04 16:14:43
Firstly thanks for the response. I have just been looking up all the past exchange (and the history) and yeah you're right it's crazy how many places are no longer here. 


Perfect thanks, I've bookmarked your guide for buying bitcoin as my sister wants some clear advice for doing so safely and without paying too much. She'll sure appreciate it. 


Agreed. I never did my due diligence when i started trading. Got lucky so far no site has ran off with my coins :) 