@_author: bitcoinspronto
@_date: 2015-10-21 15:01:03
Imagine you're the owner of a company.  Your company makes digital products such as graphics, CAD drawings, or even accounting files.  Now imagine one of your employees gets sloppy with their internet habits, and now a vital hard drive gets infected with ransomware such as Cryptolocker or Cryptowall.  
You have 3 options:   
1 - Wipe the hard drive and start over.  For most businesses, this means thousands of lost hours of labor which can equate to millions of dollars.  
2 - Go through the hassle of setting up an account with Coinbase or Bitfinex.  This process may end up taking several weeks.   
3 - Buy from someone locally, usually at a premium over current market rates.  You will pay more, but you can get Bitcoin the day you need it.  
This may seem like a niche case, but as it would turn out, there are thousands of such niche cases.  
As another example, imagine you are in a country illegally, and you fear setting up a bank account because it may draw further unwanted attention.  Despite your life circumstances, you still want to purchase goods online, or possibly send some of your hard earned money back home to family.  Bitcoin is a great solution for this, but obtaining it requires you to find a local seller.
   
@_date: 2015-11-05 16:49:19
I bet that machine does $10k a day in sales.
@_date: 2015-10-21 15:20:54
Here is how scammers will reverse a cash deposit.  
First, get account info of the person.  
Second, have someone working on the inside get the persons name who owns the account.  
Third, go into the bank and say 'my son/daughter is in college, and I need to deposit some cash into their account very badly.  can you do me a favor and look up the account info for me?'   
Fourth, the teller, feeling bad for your circumstances, looks up the info and completes the deposit.  
Fifth, go back the next day and say 'you idiot, you deposited into the wrong account!'  The teller will see where the bank filled out the customer information, consider it an error on their part, and refund cash back out of the account without calling the account holder. 
Having a business account makes this process much more difficult.  Personal accounts can be scammed very easily. 
