@_author: bitcoinreport
@_date: 2013-12-19 11:39:40
Dear Friends of the bitcoin,
Thanks for sharing all your concerns with me, I can understand some of you are worried about the tone of the report/documentary. My answer to this is totally my own view, not that of Telefacts, the program which I work for. 
What I am trying to do is make a documentary about the wonderful invention that is bitcoin and all its consequences for the economy and the people involved. From the numerous phonecalls I made I can be pretty sure that bitcoin is in Belgium still very much a currency for web experts, IT geeks, economy students and so one. Not used by my mom and dad, or by the ordinary girl next door. That could be a shame, or a good thing. 
Since I work for a mainstream television chain I have the opportunity to give these people a more or less quick view (hey, there's a lot you can explain in 14 minutes of television) of what cryptocurrency is. I want to show the subtle cleverness of the idea behind it, the mathematics involved. Of course we will not give the audience a quick course in programming. I agree with you that we will simplify the model behind bitcoin. Have you ever explained it to your grandma or 14 year old sister? Does she have a masters degree in IT or do you leave certain important details out of it?
I am looking for miners to explain this, somebody gave me the hint that a belgian company will open it's mine in january, I contacted them, no answer yet.
Apart from the mathematical scheme behind it, I want to touch the advantages for our economy. Our audience IS tired of big banks getting away with our money, bitcoin COULD be an answer to that. That's interesting. 
But to make this into a television report, more than an article in the Financial Times (no offence, great paper), I would like to focus also on the practical advantages. I would like to see people ordering pizza, drinking a beer, sleeping in a hotel. Nothing wrong with that, I suppose.
You cannot talk about bitcoin without talking about the unbelievable value rises. Is that sensational? Probably as sensational as the value rises itself. Did people get rich buying bitcoin, probably so. Will this be the reason people will watch, probably so. Will this be the focal point of the documentary, of course not. And of course I am going to stress that buying bitcoin is a risk, of course I am going to explain that a lot of people bought bitcoins for fun when they were still worth a couple of euro's and ended up having bitcoins worth a few 10.000 euro's. Is that something to be ashamed of or to be proud of? I don't think you can talk about the people who were smart enough / luck enough to have bought bitcoin when it was still cheap, without telling how much they bought for what price and how much they have right now. That's journalism: translate difficult subjects to a broad audience by calling a spade a spade.
Do I understand why people are a bit scared to talk about their money on primetime television? Of course I do. Is it sensational to talk the truth? I don't think so. 
If I would make a documentary about peoples savings, I indeed would ask them how much money they have on their account. In fact I did make such a documentary: it was about alternative investments. Those where people investing in whisky, oldtimers, forest, all talking about how much they bought, sold and gained. Unfortunately I was still a bit ignorant about bitcoin at that time. My fault. 
