@_author: bitcoinnoob89
@_date: 2019-05-31 23:53:49
Lets say theoretically BTC goes to 50000 US$ in 3-4 days. And people want to cash out some to fiat. Does Kraken and Bitstamp hold enough assets for that? I read Bitstamp got about 4-6 Billion in assets total. that is only 100000 people cashing out 1 BTC...  when the realistic number of people who would cash out some and is a lot higher. What would happen in a situation like this?
With such a high % of wash trade it would be possible to push the price that high when during low activity hours without actually adding any fiat into the space. I might be missing some important information here.. feels like I must be missing something.
I have one more noob question. I see the market cap fall from 285 billion to 260 billion but I can't find where the value went. USDT only got a market cap of 3 billion so that would not be enough. And even add all the sable coins together it doesn't add up. I do people actually store their coins on coinbase kraken and bitstamp so they can instantly sell for fiat when the price drop? Doesnt the fact that the market cap goes down so quickly without any other asset going up mean that its basically the same people buying and selling to eachother? Thats is the only explanation i can think of.
Also thinking the market cap is 260 Billion now and if you look at the accounting for the fiat to crypto exchanges they only have total assets of 10% of that. So if the price goes to 10k and above and people start cashing out will everyone get paid or will there be a liquidity problem?
I have a friend who bought btc for 1500 usd. And never touch sold it. So what if we all buy 1 btc at 8000. Then during low liquidity hours 2 bots starts trading with eachother and get the price to 100k. Of course we all gonna run to the bank. I just wondering if there is any mechanism in place so we get paid. Even if not straight away. I just have my usd balance on coinbase and because of it being regulated I am guaranteed (almost) to be able to cash out at some point ?