@_author: bitcoininc
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:48:18
No. Just , no.
I was one of the analysts in 2015 who went back to check the validity of Craigs claim.
The first thing I did was look at the PGP keys Craig claims were associated with the famous satoshin account. After just a few hours I noticed it was created with a version of gpgv1 which had features not compiled into gpgv1 at the time of satoshis original key creation, thus proving the key was many years after the creation of the original 'A1' key and was deliberately backdated in a poor attempt to hide the hoax. Craig is a scam artist and is relying on non-technical journalists to promote his lie. He has been planting seeds of misinformation all over the internet which point to him, even though he was caught red handed in the scam. I can't emphasis enough how certain I am of his fraud. The evidence is all available publicly, I sent my own investigations to Motherboard and The Register back in 2015.
If anyone wants to know more about he details of the key fraud I'll happily go into detail.
@_date: 2017-09-30 15:33:22
I contacted Motherboard and the Register (and I think some others). Most didn't respond, the Motherboard actually beat me to the punch, they already concluded it was BS using the same evidence as me. Actually they had more, some blog dates didn't match up and some emails were apparently faked or something. I only analysed the key since I know a bit about gpg stuff. This was around the time they published an article stating it was all a hoax.
@_date: 2017-09-30 16:13:08
You believe he is Satoshi even though it has been proven by technical analysis, some of which I conducted myself, that he faked evidence in a poor attempt to trick people into believing him? This 'is he/isnt he' is exactly what con-men want. The more people talk about him the more people think this is a gray area and 'maybe he just hasn't produced the key yet...', no, this is black an white. He lied to gain publicity and tried to pull off a con. He got caught. The end.
Frankly, the only person on THE WHOLE FUCKING PLANET I know didn't write that original whitepaper, is this craig s wright asshole.
@_date: 2017-09-30 15:23:13
bingo