@_author: bitcoinmorph
@_date: 2017-10-22 03:28:13
Early 2010 adopter here: I was incredibly lucky and purchased over 25,000 bitcoins for pennies in the early days. Unfortunately, the majority of them were lost when my house caught on fire when a jealous girlfriend thought it was a good idea to pour gasoline and light my house on fire. Long story short, the computer I was mining them on was engulfed in the flames. There are times when I think about this that I really want to kill myself. I would have been so set for life but I try not to think about it much anymore. Luckily for me things started to turn around ever since nineteen ninety eight the undertaker threw mankind off hеll in a cell, and plummeted sixteen feet through an announcer's table.
@_date: 2017-10-22 03:39:16
Thought I'd share my expertise on the matter. I used to work for one of the major credit card companies for about 23 years on statistics and logarithmic scaling. What we are seeing here is a new paradigm shift in how the world is seeing bitcoin. We will reach an S-Curve of unimaginable highs that this will forever change the way money works in the minds of people and forever change the way the environment and the way we exchange value across the world. While it is true that in the next few months we will continue to see bumps ahead but nothing like we have ever seen.
The thing is, I'm a 2010 early adopter here: I was incredibly lucky and purchased over 25,000 bitcoins for pennies in the early days. Unfortunately, the majority of them were lost when my house caught on fire when a jealous girlfriend thought it was a good idea to pour gasoline and light my house on fire. Long story short, the computer I was mining them on was engulfed in the flames. There are times when I think about this that I really want to kill myself. I would have been so set for life but I try not to think about it much anymore. Luckily for me things started to turn around ever since nineteen ninety eight the undertaker threw mankind off hеll in a cell, and plummeted sixteen feet through an announcer's table.