@_author: bitcoinsforbio
@_date: 2013-02-19 09:46:51
Hey there, nice to meet you! I'm not sure about my success rate either, but I figured it couldn't hurt to try. Even if it's only one or two people, they'd help me eat something besides ramen for a week or two :)
I doubt there is too. Maybe there should be, though!
@_date: 2013-02-19 15:20:09
Could I have it sequenced? Yeah, probably, and probably for less money than a company would charge, but you would likely be better off going with one of the commercial opportunities, because they will also help you analyze your genome/SNPs/exome/whatever for you. If you sent me a sample, and I analyzed that, you would get back your 3 billion nucleotide haploid genome in the form of a string of 3 billion letters, plus all of my data on what it means. Those 3 billion letters aren't terribly meaningful unless you have someone like myself to interpret them, which if you're working with 3 billion letters of raw sequence isn't a lot of fun- a 23andMe sequence is annotated. This wouldn't be.
Basically, while it is plausible that I could have your genome sequenced if you really wanted me to get that done for you, you would probably be better off going elsewhere for the actual sequencing, and then having me take a look at the results. You would probably get more tangible personal value for your coin. Also, de novo analysis on 3 billion nucleotides isn't fun :)
For reference, here's a snippet of an SNP file you would get from 23andMe: 
@_date: 2013-02-19 15:21:52
I did indeed consider that, but before putting time into that I thought I would see if there was any real interest, see how this goes first.
@_date: 2013-02-19 15:38:19
Genome sequencing is not just for the unhealthy! It's for the curious, for the forward-thinking, the courageous. Not for the weak of heart, though. If you had sequencing done and have a file sitting around, I'm perfect for you. If you haven't had sequencing done, you may want to consider it: it will tell you if you are at risk for any diseases, gives you things to watch out for and can save you time, money, or your life in the future if you were to catch stomach cancer earlier because you knew you were at risk for it. (The flip side of that is that sometimes people spend altogether too much time worrying about that sort of thing, but I won't go into that here). I could help tell you what your sequence probably means, and basically work with you to get all data out of it possible.
Alternately, if you don't want to get your own data sequenced, but still want to help support me, I can do much more than just read human genome summaries. If you have a [favorite gene]( or protein or anything at all that you wanted to know more about, I can tell you all about it. Basically, you would tell me "I am curious about X", and I would look it up and find out everything that is relevant about it, and then I would take what I've learned and analyze the raw data to generate even more data that describes what you want to know much better. And then I would compile the whole thing into a report and send it to you.
You could do this if you read about a gene somewhere and wanted to know more, or if you've been curious about molecular biology for a while and just want me to explain how sequencing or microarrays work, or if you're a student and final exams are coming and you don't know as much about your assigned gene as you're supposed to.
Unfortunately, beyond simple curiosity, there isn't a good, clear reason why a random layperson would take me up on this, to be quite honest; but curiosity isn't such a bad thing at all.