@_author: bitcoin_exchange
@_date: 2014-07-20 19:50:39
Amazing book on Bitcoin and fiat currency. It reveals a great growth algorithm but it also reveals a major fraud issue. As the numbers of users have grown the value of bitcoin has grown but the numbers are being manipulated and when you read the book and go to the sites pushing bitcoin, you can easily see the FRAUD being used to inflate the value of bitcoin. Eye opener for both bitcoin believers and bitcoin skeptics. The info used in the book comes fromthe BlockChain and it will bring into question the whole bitcoin phenomena.
@_date: 2014-07-20 20:49:41
His post looks like he thinks I'm the user/author, but yes, he should have said coinbase should ban the site for using bitcoin, which would be stupid, he has the right to say whatever he wants about bitcoin, and a neutral processor should say freedom of speech, so what he takes bitcoin, he probably sweeps it into USD or whatever he likes and he obviously likes bitcoin since he says the value will rise until enough users realize the data from sites like blockchain.info is bogus. Just read the book, it's the best book written on bitcoin in that it explains the whole history of fiat currency and it shows the growth info of bitcoin which has created a simple algorithm. So he says here's the future of bitcoin until it crashes for FRAUD. LOL Brilliant work if you read it.
@_date: 2014-07-16 22:57:13
The irony is the plethora of comments about something none have read except 1 person saying its a real fundamentals work.
So make that 2 that say it is real, bitcoin is moving in a predictable algorithm.
So we now have a valid bitcoin algorithm and as the next fundamental plateau is bit and the ceiling and floor is 5k to 10k everyone that read this info who didnt get bitcoin at the 600 buck bargain will regret it.
7 million wallets is the trust factor to create the next trading range.
@_date: 2014-07-20 20:13:13
I don't use coinbase and what you think coinbase runs reddit? Are you that clueless