@_author: bitcoinsupplier
@_date: 2012-07-31 03:45:24
I'm aware this is a very old thread, however, you should check the address bar when entering the details for your bank login. You will most likely see that it shows the address of the payment processor, in general this is how Direct payment works online, you have trusted payment processors that users access their bank through, and some systems even let you log in directly through your own online banking system as well. If you do a little bit of research about the payment processor, you'll find that most reputable payment processors are rather huge and have been in business for years. They work directly with the interfaces of the banks, and if they were up to no good, they'd quickly lose their business. If you're still concerned, you could contact a payment processor directly with questions to learn more. So, unfortunately, even though your sceptism is understandable, as long as the input done is on the bank's site or the payment processor's site, there's no reason to worry.
Again: I know this was an old thread, but because I've been working in direct payment to bitcoin businesses for a while, I am familiar with how it works, and wanted to explain. If there's still questions, don't hesitate to ask, and I will be happy to provide answers to the best of my ability.
@_date: 2012-08-17 23:58:43
That's very dirty tactics from VISA right there. Could you try to contact VISA international headquarters about the issue ? What about the local news media ?
@_date: 2012-07-18 15:53:42
Hi mojolama,
currently the market cap is about 85 mill USD. 
What govt's are more concered about are stuff like this:
The barclays scandal:
Both those scandals have far reaching implications, and bitcoin is just a drop in the ocean in this big league. Thus there will not be directed any governmental crackdown towards bitcoin any time soon.
The head developer of bitcoin already held a presentation for the CIA:
FBI are aware of bitcoin:
TOR was invented by the US Govt. How do we know bitcoin was not invented by them as well ?
Don't worry, there's no crackdown happening anytime soon. 
@_date: 2012-07-12 02:51:36
Never heard anyone saying bitcoin.de is fraudulent before, but how much was it in btc that was lost, and how long ago did it happen ? I think you should give it a few days at least before running around and saying it's a scam.
I hope it all gets sorted out for you!
@_date: 2012-07-30 01:16:22
Zuricho, if you can use DIRECTebanking (sofort) for payment, you can check out our site bitcoinsupplier.com. We do support Switzerland at the moment, at least for direct payments with an Euro account, you can also do a 'BC-Number' search once you come to the sofortbanking payment screen, and check if your bank is supported. If you require further help, you can contact our support. You will receive the bitcoins immediately after we have received the direct bank payment. Please view our faq for further information. This may one of the fastest available methods to get bitcoins in Switzerland, admittedly it's not the cheapest, but for reasonable amounts that you require quickly, it's a good choice.
@_date: 2012-07-19 00:54:36
Barclays and now HSBC, wonder what more lies ahead..
@_date: 2012-07-12 03:25:45
We've recently started a service,  No registration needed. Immediate delivery of bitcoins using sofort.
@_date: 2012-07-30 17:57:39
We'd like to thank all customers for their business, but at the same time we'd like to warn you about a possible service downtime. 
The announcement, also present at our site now:
We're working to resolve a fiat liquidity issue with our payment processor.
Unless the issue is sorted before Tue Jul 31 17:00:00 CEST 2012,
bitcoinsupplier.com will temporarily not be serving customers.
If that happens we will do our best to sort out the issue and bring the service back in an expedient manner.
Please note that before this deadline, all services will still operate as normal.
If you have any questions, please contact our support. We appologize for the possible inconvenience caused!
@_date: 2012-07-16 10:25:09
Hi phatsphere,
thanks for the interest in our service. We only work with reputable payment processors, and we've already served numerous clients. We want bitcoin to succeed, and we're catering to newcomers and other individuals who needs to purchase bitcoins fast and convenient. Company information is fully visible on the site 
The only thing we can do at this point is to do our best to provide a good service, if you have particular questions, feel free to voice them, and we will do our best to provide answers.
Sceptism is healthy, but we'd like to stress that we don't hold clients funds, our service model is to pay out bitcoins immediately once payment has cleared through our payment processors.
Feel free to try out the service, and you can check for yourself the legitimacy of it.
The bitcoin community has been riddled with several problems, for instance the Bitcoinica debacle, so I applaud you for your healthy sceptism. However it's important that you understand what we're doing and that we are a legit business. We plan on making instructional videos were we'll explain every step of the purchase process, but it's not on top of the priority list at the moment. The purchase process should be pretty self explanatory, and our FAQ should list most of the questions and concerns a customer may have.
Thank you again, and have a great day!
BitcoinSupplier.com team
@_date: 2012-07-31 03:52:06
Hehe, you were almost right. How could you predict the hack of btc-e.com today ? :) More than 40 USD for a Bitcoin. :o
@_date: 2012-07-10 20:10:51
We're on an uptrend, so now may be a good time to buy, remember the block reward will go down from 50 to 25 sometime by the end of the year as well. Some say this happening is already accounted for in the current price, but time will show..