@_author: bitcoin_destroyer8o
@_date: 2014-04-11 09:31:14


Nuff said.
Go to the coinometrics website for updated data - you will see that volatility is increasing dramatically over time.
A 'payment network' does not generate a dividend, and the value of a Bitcoin is no more than its intrinsic value. Because of difficulty retargeting, the intrinsic value of a Bitcoin is near zero. By 'intrinsic value' I mean the minimal cost to produce a Bit coin, under which it cannot be produced.
Your error lies in automatically assuming that the utility value automatically corresponds to its investment value. This is not the case at all, and I can demonstrate this with a very simple example: In a game of monopoly, play money becomes valuable. Its utility you could lies in being able to achieve happiness or the like through winning the game. Another example would be Runescape gold, or TF2 hats. These items have utility value, that is true, but they are worthless when you look past the hype, because they can be made for peanuts and thus are worth peanuts. Similarly Bitcoin can be made for peanuts, and the utility value of the Bitcoin network is quite apart from the investment value of the Bitcoins themselves
@_date: 2014-04-11 08:39:47
If you go to the coinometrics website, go to the volatility section, and click 'all time trend', you will see that Bitcoin volatility has increased on average over time. The last time I checked it had increased eight-fold since the beginning.
Unlike a stock, Bitcoin does not reward a dividend to its shareholders. It generates no value and is a zero sum game. You only get out the money you put in - but who is going to get that money - you, or the early adoptors and corrupt exchanges and similar entities? As I explained in my post, Bitcoin does not even function as a reliable medium of exchange. Holding onto Bitcoins is about as bad as holding onto Zimbabwean dollars. Sure, they might increase in value because its a pyramid scheme, but there are only so many 'greater fools' and so that gain is temporary; illusory. You are much more likely to be a loser than a winner, especially if youre not an early adoptor.
@_date: 2014-04-11 14:02:39
A knee jerk rebound is standard
I posted here about the drop to $339 afterwards when the price was at $400, because I know its going to drop to $150 or less fairly quickly from now on in.
You see the thing is you've broken below a key level of support (~$500), and so now that forms the inverse - strong resistence. This means that price can rebound as high as that ~$500 level, but it will not cross above it. The resumption of the downtrend is inevitable, and will occur very soon (within the next few days or even hours).
@_date: 2014-04-11 08:50:33
Im not entirely sure that a halving hash rate results in a doubling in time, but that seems logical, so I will go with it.
I will point out that 2 weeks is already a sigificant period of time to wait for a difficulty retarget.
The thing with having a falling hash rate is it that it makes it even more unprofitable for other miners who do continue. So I foresee a knock-on effect happening, if the price should dip below profitable levels for an extended period of time (it is currently unprofitable).
Given that the sensible choice for all of these miners would be to simply turn off their machines and wait for better prices or a difficulty retarget should it ever come, then it seems reasonable to posit that a majority of miners will turn off their machines and the network hash rate will greatly decrease (far more than just halve).
Another thing is that most of the miners of today arent in it to see Bitcoin succeed - theyre in it to make money. They pay up to $13,000 for a machine, rather than use their existing CPU/GPU like in past times. Thus one is cynical of the idea that a significant number of miners will stay on and 'donate' their money getting Bitcoin to the difficulty retarget.
They could also switch to mining SHA-256 altcoins, if they find it more profitable.