@_author: bitexch
@_date: 2013-12-23 10:17:08
First of all, you're certainly right that followers' sensationalist comments are mostly useless. Unfortunately, the Reddit forum mostly consists of people either making such comments or complaining about them, so I don't see any help for it.
To address your example: I assume that you are referring to the Winkelvoss twins' statement that a conservative estimate for the exchange rate is 40,000USD/BTC, right? While I do not know the details of their argument, I think that their phrasing is misleading; their point is that a conservative estimate of Bitcoin's future market capitalization is slightly less than $1 trillion, which, divided by the total number of coins that will ever exist, is $40 thousand/BTC. 
Basically, they are predicting an ~80x increase in value.
Here is an argument for their prediction. As far as I know, the two biggest markets which people think Bitcoin will serve are 1) remittances and 2) store-of-value. The former market is about $500 billion annually, and the latter is trillions of dollars (I don't want to throw out any specific unsubstantiated numbers, but the total valution of mined gold is over $8 trillion). So, if Bitcoin were to assume fractions of each of these markets, on top of being used for speculation and the purchase of commodities, and (although it is a currency and not a stock) had a P/E ratio of, say, 25, then you can see that  such an estimate is not so outrageous as it sounds.
But even this argument is misleading since I believe that Bitcoin's current valuation has very little to do with its fundamentals.
I am sure that the twins were taking all of this into consideration, while the average person on was not. You are right to be skeptical.
@_date: 2013-12-23 10:43:02
In spite of what most folks here might like to believe, the extent to which governments embrace BTC will in large part determine the future valuation of it. I don't know whether you read it, but there was a letter from Ben Bernanke presaging the Senate hearings on cryptocurrencies, in which he spoke positively of a mechanism for transferring money quickly, securely and cheaply. The Senate hearings echoed the same sentiment.
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:56:30
has higher traffic than I believe he was trying to raise attention of potential developers within the entire Bitcoin community, in which case posting here makes sense. 
Full disclosure: I am a Mastercoin investor, and would like MSC to attract developers from the entire bitcoin community.