@_author: bitfriday
@_date: 2019-06-15 09:59:22
You are pointing to corporate greed as a straw man. Look here's a straw man there's a straw man everyone can have a straw man! Let's talk about corporate greed and "exploitation" for a moment. Corporate greed dictates that mice dying or living in unhealthy conditions drives down profit. This creates an incentive to not have that happening. As far as exploitation - A mouse is never forced to run, in fact many games have the mice falling asleep right in the starting lane. They are simply moved to a track where they have the option to move. Now I could sit and argue all day about right and moral and blah blah blah but tbh I have masterbating and other things more important than spewing common sense on Reddit. Hypothetical scenarios under which corporate greed leads to bad animal conditions. Come talk to me when they have a tyson chicken farm where the chickens are stacked 6 feet high and 25,000 sq feet wide shoulder to shoulder and maybe I'll digress you were right.
@_date: 2019-06-15 23:31:16
It wouldn't surprise me because they treated slaves as property, common sense again dictates that pets ARE PROPERTY. So would it surprise you if they were selling lamps, lamps sellers use the same arguments they used for slaves as well?
@_date: 2019-06-15 06:31:33
I'll be the first to respond to this whether you make a big deal of it or not you are putting a road spike down that just isn't realistic. Here are the facts. In this situation they are financially directly benefited by the gerbils and in return the gerbils receive the following:  
They remain in a family.  
They burn their energy running on a track instead of a plastic ball or wheel in a childs room.  
They are well cared for (unlike children who forget to feed and water their pets constantly)  
They receive bi-weekly or monthly veterinary care (unlike home gerbils who basically live and die without consideration)  
They receive the highest premium food.  
They do not have to worry about predators like owls and eagles eating them.  
From what I understand they can re-produce.  
They have toys and other creature comforts.  
In what world is your idea of "the right thing to do?" the actual right thing to do. If it was left to you a child would be starving/dehydrating it daily. Or an eagle would be shitting out it's bones.
@_date: 2019-06-17 11:42:33
Go back to sleep billy. Don't think about the real world, it's too scary. Pretend everything and everyone is a victim and you'll be hero billy.