@_author: bitgabe
@_date: 2013-05-20 02:39:28
This is an excellent point. When we put this logo on our site, we were trying to find a quick and easy way to tell customers we use Bitpay to process our transactions, and that we’ve completed their account application process which involved giving them our registered company information and having them review what we intend to use their service for. 
We realize now that using “Bitpay Verified” could have been misleading, and have now changed it to simply display the Bitpay logo.
Thanks for your input ;)
@_date: 2013-05-20 18:58:28
Thanks for the great reply, and all the feedback! gg glhf on sc2btc ;)
@_date: 2013-05-20 07:31:08
Thanks for the input!
We submitted it at the same time - unfortunately it's been stuck in the spam filter and we're waiting on reply from a moderator to fix the problem.  :( We'd love the exposure!
@_date: 2013-05-20 02:24:54
Hi! That's a good question. From what we can discern, here are (some) of the advantages, other than working with enthusiastic sellers:
Steambits seems to input their website info manually and process automatically. We both input your order info and process manually. The very distinct advantage to our method is that when steam goes on sale...so do we. We check the price of your games immediately before sending your order through BitPay. On that same note, we’ve also noticed that Steambit’s library is far from complete. We’ve already filled several orders for recently released games that are still not listed on Steambits. 
The prices on Steambits reflect this lack of continuous updates, which is why we chose to go the harder but more service-based route of processing manually and keeping up in real time with sales and new releases. It takes maybe 5 extra minutes on your end but it’s worth it - verification on the bitcoin network is unfortunately the bottleneck here!
We hope we’ve given you a reason to choose our service! :)
@_date: 2013-05-20 05:07:25
Thanks for the positive review, glad you enjoyed the process! In regards to the duration of the transaction, I processed the sale immediately - the wait was associated with your payment needing to be verified by the Bitcoin network. Because we're paying for the games, we do wait for what we consider to be an acceptable amount of confirmations before completing the transaction, to avoid fraud.
And in regards to the personal touch...yeah that was a kickass game :D