@_author: bitgoldwallet-
@_date: 2019-03-30 23:23:56
I may have made a mistake there. It might depend on location. It's actually low or free. :-)
@_date: 2019-03-30 22:59:53
Any crypto bank that lends bitcoin which they don't hold in reserve on the actual blockchain will eventually file for bankrupcy because:
1. Bitcoin is different to fiat currency in that the long term trend will be that it appreciates in value because there is a strictly limited supply and its use case is global. Even if the banks have say 99% of all customer deposits, if this isn't periodically corrected to 100%, eventually that 1% could skyball in value. Mt Gox probably wouldn't have happened if bitcoins value remained the same.
2. Bitcoin can much more easily be stored privately by the individual who owns it than say gold or fiat currency so they are more likely to withdraw it. Not to mention, bitcoin is more likely to be used and sent, than gold is, and so this results in even more withdrawals from the crypto bank. 
3. Crypto banks don't own or control the system. No single organisation does. And they exist in a global environment where there is alot of competition and choice. This means they are less able to restrict people's withdrawal attempts. Their customers would likely look to bank elsewhere.
4. Governments are unlikely to want to, or be able to, bail out any crypto banks that lose or mismanage people's money or bitcoins. And governments cannot simply print out more bitcoins to lend to the crypto banks. This means that when those banks go out of business, they stay out of business. In the end, only the good, responsible crypto banks stay successful. This trend can already be seen with the crypto exchanges.
@_date: 2019-03-20 02:34:38
I've read every comment here until now. I have a few things to say:
1. You can send bitcoins for practically free to different users if they all have a localbitcoins account. The more Venezualans become aware of this, the more widely accepted bitcoin will become as more people open up these localbitcoins accounts.
2. During major bitcoin price swings, people can easily convert their bitcoins into USD or stablecoins. Or even just keep it in stablecoins until they are ready to spend it. Buying bitcoin for 10 mins to buy any other currency (USD or USD Tether etc) is still using bitcoin and will increase adoption of it. There always needs to be people who own and hold bitcoin to enable these trades. The more buyers there are, the more bitcoin sellers will hold.
3. Secure bitcoin trades and/or transfers can't happen without access to the internet. A functioning mobile phone with internet access held by both the seller and receiver will suffice. 
@_date: 2019-06-26 15:01:20
For anyone still on the fence about buying some bitcoin, and for those people who are following my posts, I would like to make clear my opinion and price prediction:
If bitcoin hits a new All Time High by August of 2019, then it will hit a new All Time High of at least $400,000 AUD per bitcoin by 2020 or 2021. If it doesn't hit a new All Time High by August of 2019 then it 'will' hit a new All Time High by December of 2019 before hitting new All Time Highs of at least $100,000 AUD.
So yes, you should definitely buy bitcoin right now and hold onto it until it at least reaches these amounts.
@_date: 2019-02-04 18:45:47
Good point. I suppose it's just the head we're seeing. The body could be so large so as to reflect real world market sizes.
@_date: 2019-02-05 12:15:30
The human in the pic will eventually become the beast. No doubt about it. And then all the fiat banks who got involved in bitcoin early and started offering people custody of their bitcoins, would be the only ones which would be around.
And they would be the only ones the main bitcoin businesses would want to work with. 
And then there will come a day where bitcoin will replace much of the credit that is currently in the credit and debit and bank cards that people own and use in regular transactions. You would go to a store to spend it or go online to use your credit card loaded with bitcoin and get charged maybe 5 microbitcoins for a cup of coffee.
Bitcoin doesn't need to handle micro transactions on chain or even off chain via the lightning network or any other secondary layer. The banks will embrace it and integrate it into their own systems simply to stay in business. It will effectively replace alot of the fiat credit currently in personal and business bank and credit and debit card accounts
It will become the largest global currency. And much fewer people than today would want to hold fiat because it keeps depreciating, while bitcoin keeps appreciating (in a very stable manner). And anyone who wants to withdraw bitcoin into their own personal private wallets containing addresses shown on the actual bitcoin blockchain, will be able to do so without restriction. 
It might take 10 years for this picture to play out or it might take 50 years or more. The point is, the human in the picture at this point in time cannot be stopped. Bitcoin might only be 1/1000th or less the size of fiat, but that is enough for it to take over. The only time bitcoin may have been stopped was when bitcoin was maybe 1 -2 years old and that time is long gone. What was once named the bitcoin delusion will be replaced with what is called the fiat delusion. 
I predict bitcoin will never go below its Dec 2018 lows so now is the time to buy. :-D
@_date: 2019-02-04 05:49:31
I admire this graphic but the size of the two creatures doesn't accurately reflect the relative sizes of bitcoin and fiat. Bitcoin is like less than 0.1% the size of all the fiat in the world at the moment.
@_date: 2019-04-20 07:13:47
My first purchase using bitcoin was for a physical $25 gift card purchased from an online store and which was eventually mailed to me. I sent the payment from an electrum wallet. 
I was sold after that first purchase and still to this day remember how I felt afterwards. I remember thinking that this was the way money was meant to be.
There was some euphoria, yes. But I think it was mixed in with some anxiety that the giftcard wouldn't be delivered and I would have no financial recourse should the goods not be delivered. I felt like how I expected someone in the past might have felt if they made an order for something by mail order and sent coins in the envelope to the company. 
More than anything though, I think it was the freedom and total lack of middle men managing or sending the transaction for me that WOWed me. My bitcoins are my money and if I want to send it to someone (even if there is a heightened chance that it could get stolen), then that is my choice.
@_date: 2019-05-22 06:06:08
I am only speculating which is why I said it is "theoretical (or real)". If your phone manufacuturer wanted to do it (in partnership with government surveilance agencies perhaps), then it would be easy to install the necessary hardware on your phone to make it work. I haven't researched too much into it but believe that this would be an EASY approach to capture important data (like passwords and seeds) from airgapped computers.
For all I know, it might not be necessary to install any special hardware and a malware program or simple software program might be able to do it. After all, most smartphones are already able to pick up radio waves when you use it to listen to the radio or when making a phonecall. 
Van Eck phreaking attacks require capturing electromagnetic emissions emmitted from the computer monitor or monitor cable, emissions which mobile phones might already able to capture without any special modification.
@_date: 2019-05-21 12:16:33
CURRENTLY : Whoever has the gold, makes the rules
FUTURE : Whoever has the bitcoin, makes the rules
@_date: 2019-05-23 00:54:32
Bitcoin is a difficult sell. There is constant FUD (fear uncertainty and doubt) surrounding it. But my advice for anyone considering investing in it is to consider the following. There are only 3 things you need to BELIEVE about bitcoin to see that its value can only go UPWARDS in the long run (2+ year timeframe).
1. The total number of bitcoins in the world is strictly limited in number and can only increase by a few percent maximum each year (and has a maximum limit of 21 million)
2. Whatever it is about bitcoin (even though I may not understand it), that has led it to increase in value exponentially since it was invented in 2009 (and defying belief and logic and everything else I know about the world); has not changed, and in fact has likely become better.
3. In the future a continuosuly larger and larger percentage of the human population will buy and hold bitcoin. At the moment it is estimated that only about 0.2% -1% of the human population own it. More users = higher price per bitcoin
If you believe in these 3 things, then you need to believe that bitcoin will moon. 
Ps. Altcoins are not the same as bitcoin since point 1 and 3 is not guaranteed to be true, and 2 is untrue.
@_date: 2019-05-21 14:34:00
Are you referring to Van Eck phreaking attacks using people's nearby mobile phones as the radio device to view and then transmit nearby computer screen data (works even if their computer is airgapped since the mobine phone is the link to the internet)?
I have considered this theorectical (or real) possibility. A possible solution in this case is to make it so even you don't see any seeds you have created using the bitcoin software on your computer. You would scroll the seed generating software to the side of the screen to make sure the seeds aren't showing when you create them (you only keep the wallet file). Or if you do record the seeds anywhere like to a pdf file, you would simply use the copy all and paste command and use tiny font to record it.