@_author: biticoco
@_date: 2019-11-25 00:30:52
Don't worry abt scalling for now.. by the year 2141 when last btc is mined then we can talk about scalling.. 
For now we love it pow.. if u want scalling go to blockchain 2.0 or even 3.0.. stop disturbing btc again pls..
@_date: 2019-11-25 00:13:09
Do you guys always copy and paste the same argument on any btcoin post? You guys need to stop or step up your game ok. You are losing big time..
The most shitcoins outside on the market or on cmc is a better store of value than mere printed $ debt fiat that nothing except   
Endless  war and blood of Innocent people worldwide that is backing it...
 Time is up, the world is currently in transition into a multi polar world order and for this reason, dollar cannot survive.. dollar can only survive in a one world order ok..  point no 1..
Point no 2.
It absolutely glaring that hyper inflated  mainstream financial system  of fed printing massive $$$ and selling debt to newly democrazylised nation has failed woefully in Syria, Iraq and Iran plus afghan.. for this reason china, russia and Iran are the future of our dear planet.. Russia has learnt every move since day one on how to bypass the anglozionist empire.. Iran is just undergoing what Russia already learned over years of war.. and China also has a lot to learn from Russia..
Main point.. gone are the good or bad old days of Roman or ottoman empire where trades are carried out on land and using gold standard ..
Thr anglozionist empire took over from ottoman(1st world war) and changed the rules to sea which then made automatically any nation without access to sea become landlocked and poor ...
China is restoring that good old Roman empire ways of trade with its one belt one road initiative and  there is nothing the anglzionist empire can do about that..  and with Bitcoin and other cryptos, it just made gold standard era restored..
The empire is militarily useless as we speak and the only power it has left is the fiat, mere printed paper that  nothing is backing.. so just a matter of time before we start talking in sats..
1 santosi= $10,000 ..
If u understand world politics, then you will know why btc is a store of value and will continue to be..