@_author: bitkaboom
@_date: 2017-08-28 15:53:11
I think he might as well have given the actual numbers since he has gone public with his name anyway and said he is up 100 times. 
@_date: 2017-09-02 04:39:01
A year or so ago I had a meeting with my bank's financial advisor regarding taxes, 401(k), etc. I mentioned to him -- a guy no older than 25 -- that I owned some bitcoins. He said that he owned some too back around 2005 (!), got rid of them, and then advised me not to buy anymore.  
@_date: 2017-09-03 22:13:54
Actually people have been criticizing all long the alleged deflationary death-spiral that bitcoin seems to guarantee. It's a non-argument. "Why would people spend bitcoin on coffee today when it will be worth so much more in the future?" he asks, adding "it's a commodity." That's right, and commodities are volatile. Bitcoin may indeed be worth a lot more fiat in the *far* future, but it might be worth a lot less in the *near* future. It's entirely possible that cash registers will automatically (and publicly) increase the bitcoin price of coffee if the price has been falling for *x* days at a rate in excess of *y* -- and automatically discount the coffee if the rate has been going *up*. Also let's not forget that a bitcoin can be divided to eight decimal places, and, should the need arrive and consensus be achieved, it could be divided further. 
Present at the creation of bitcoin itself, the "deflationary" argument is a zombie that will be coming back from the dead *ad infinitum*, alas.
@_date: 2017-09-04 16:25:03
A good, cleansing shake-out is needed from time to time. This shakes out the n00bs, ninnies, get-rich-quickers, market-timers, and all the other weak hands.
@_date: 2017-09-06 01:21:10
Why doesn't the story's headline say: "It *was* still a dumb investment" instead of "It *is* still a dumb investment? 
@_date: 2017-09-03 21:49:34
From the story: “A network of millions of computers store copies of that ledger and work to validate new transactions in ‘blocks.’ When each ‘block’ is verified, it's sealed and connected to the preceding block, which in turn is connected to every block that has ever been validated, creating a secure ‘blockchain.’ . . . There is now an immutable record of that transaction. And if I wanted to go and hack that transaction, say to use that money to pay somebody else, I'd have to hack that block, plus the previous block, in the entire history of commerce on that block chain, not just on one computer, but across millions of computers simultaneously all using the highest level of cryptography while the most powerful computing resource in the world is watching me." 
As I understand it, the above explanation is neither clear nor true. “Hacking a block” is not a meaningful statement, nor is a "sealed" block. You would have to come up with a successful new hash of the block you changed by finding the nonce that, in combination with the block and the hash of the previous block, will produce a hash-string with the required number of zeros in front of it. And then you’d have to do the same with the *next* one, *not* the previous one, and then on and on until you’ve caught up with the current block being hashed. You would then have to successfully hash that one, and the one after it until your new fork is the longest one – because the system works by accepting only the longest fork. That longest fork is, by definition, the correct one. There is no other qualification. 
