@_author: bitlord_219
@_date: 2013-07-31 20:03:59
Don't! The price is only going up, up, up, you're literally throwing money away if you don't hold onto your BitCoin :-)
@_date: 2013-07-23 21:55:19


Ah, but that isn't true at all! For instance, many murderers have children of their own; they could simply provide one of their own children to the parents of their victim as restitution, and then the matter would be resolved. If they do not, they could be given a grace period to produce and rear one.
@_date: 2013-07-23 21:25:52
Then how do you suggest that the victim be made whole? Certainly you're not suggesting that an innocent public be coerced at gunpoint to repay them for their loss.
@_date: 2013-07-24 01:12:14
If that is what the Free Market settles on, then so be it!
@_date: 2013-07-23 20:34:05
 Letting a scammer starve to death in an alleyway may make you feel better, but it won't bring those bitcoins back that he stole from you. Here is my solution, which works much better and is in full accordance with free-market libertarian principles: 
Put the scammer into forced work until his debt is repaid. If he dies before he repays the $60,000,000 worth of bitcoins he stole, then the only fair solution is that the burden of debt passes to his children, his children's children, and so on. This punishment may seem severe, but it is the only fair way to ensure full restitution to the victims. In addition, it serves as a strong warning to future would-be scammers, so in the long run, it will likely eliminate most or all instances of fraud.
Now I know what you're thinking-- if it's going to take several lifetimes to repay a debt, many victims won't be around long enough to see full restitution! This is a problem that is solved by basic free-market principles. Just as banks routinely sell future debt obligations to one another, a free market for "indentured" laborers such as this would allow victims to sell their stake in the future labor, to obtain a full payout immediately.
To further foster market liquidity, the particular work that a debtor must do should be dictated by those who own his work (certainly this is a more equitable arrangement than letting the debtor choose his own work, or worse, having big government step in and decide!). Naturally this arrangement works for other crimes as well; if someone murders the husband of a childless couple, the wife should be compensated for the future earnings of her husband and her unsired heirs; anything less than ownership in perpetuity of the work output of the murderer and his descendants would be unfair. Ditto for any captured enemy combatants and/or invading illegal immigrants (castle doctrine).