@_author: bitpiggy
@_date: 2012-10-25 03:56:49
Note what the next paragraph says: "E-currency (as defined in section 5 of the AML/CTF Act) is not as broad a concept as the term would suggest. The key restriction is that the e-currency must be backed by a precious metal, bullion or 'a thing of a kind prescribed by the AML/CTF Rules' (no Rules to that effect have been made as at the date of publication of this chapter)".
So yeah, it sounds like the act would have to be amended or a new law passed. I suspect there is some trickery in how the government would include bitcoin in a definition that wouldn't also impose reporting requirements on e.g. sms credits or video game currency.
@_date: 2012-10-10 01:13:57
I run BitPiggy.com and I use MtGox often. Not 100% sure what you're describing. Are you wondering how to top up a USD wallet with MtGox, or how to top up a AUD wallet at MtGox?
Basically whatever currency MtGox receives, it will add those funds to that wallet _if_ MtGox accepts that currency. If MtGox does not deal in the currency, it will be converted to USD by default, or to another currency if you specify it.
Importantly, if MtGox receives AUD, they will not convert it to USD even if you set the default wallet to top up as USD. This is rather unfortunate, as the AUD market is very small.
Hence, if you do want to top in USD, you need to convert before MtGox receives the payment. My bank (NAB) allows this, but you need to be careful. There was a period when I was sending money to MtGox, and it would get converted from AUD -&gt; USD -&gt; JPY -&gt; USD, paying conversion fees at each stage! Turns out the SWIFT system was to blame. SWIFT acts as the intermediary, and they were converting my funds to JPY, even though my bank nor MtGox wanted that. To stop it, I had to add the description, "Do not convert Remit in currency received Add to do not convert list". This description is added in the same place where you need to type in the code to identify your payment to MtGox.
Hope that helps,
@_date: 2013-10-19 04:41:37
Cheers! The shop still needs to setup a wallet somewhere and create a bitcoin address and copy it over.
As it is, it should be good enough for a small shop to accept a couple of payments each day.  Will needs some tweaks to make it more robust though.
What I love though is this 1-page tool shows how awesome bitcoin is. Can build things you simply can't do in the fiat world (or at least, with such little infrastructure).
@_date: 2013-10-18 22:10:33
I just played around setting up a mega-basic 1-page POS/cash register thing.
@_date: 2013-05-27 23:40:48


Sure. BitPiggy Ltd is registered in Hong Kong, so the business is subject to the same scrutiny as any registered business. BitPiggy can be fined or directors (me) go to jail if they violate terms of a contract.  And Hong Kong generally is a very good place to do international business. There is low corruption, low taxes, low compliance overhead, and strict enforcement of contract law. Bank accounts can hold multiple currencies as standard practice. English is an official language.


I think the easiest way to run this service would be for BitPiggy to act like a publisher, albeit a publisher who does the bare minimum besides redirect payments to the developers. Developers and publishers work successfully together often, so any concerns should be surmountable. 
@_date: 2013-10-18 15:14:37
There is also CoinJar ( Note that if your mum is operating a over-the-counter shop, none of these options (bitpay + coinbase + coinjar) are not really suited to POS (Point-of-Sales).
There are numerous people working on integrating bitcoin into existing POS systems +writing their own from scratch, but as far as I am aware none of them are actually available at this stage.
Hence the easiest thing right now for her would be to:
1) Open a wallet with one of the above services (or blockchain.info)
2) Generate a new bitcoin address. Print the public address out as a QR code and place the QR code e.g. on the counter of the shop.
Then each time someone wants to pay
3) Calculate bitcoin price. Maybe just keep a browser window open to some page that does this.
4) User pays the amount via the QR code 
5) Mum needs to check the person made the payment (e.g. blockchain.info's wallet will auto update when a payment comes in)
Hmm...that kind of sucks...someone should really make a simple POS system for these retail shops that want to give it a go.
In any case, good luck!
@_date: 2013-10-19 14:21:36
Ah yep, thanks!
@_date: 2013-05-27 23:00:23
Thanks, that would be great. Note this isn't a service BitPiggy offers now, rather it just occurred to me my business just happens to be in a good position to help any Argentinians interested. Since its about ~2 months away (end of July), nows a good time to think about it.
I was originally going to say "someone should help them", then realized I'm already in a good position to do just that.
@_date: 2013-10-18 22:06:01
Yo, I had some time today so I thought I'd step up and actually do what I suggest- put a simple 1-page POS-like thingy together
Check it out: [pos.bitpiggy.com](
Hopefully its self-explanatory. It uses bitstamp and assumes you're using USD, and that you already have a bitcoin address to accept payments to.