@_author: bitplenty
@_date: 2019-08-05 20:52:50
imho only 2 things make a difference here:
1. One is open source and the other is not. Who do you trust?
2. One is wireless and the other is not. Will you be carrying cable with your wallet all the time or is it too much of a bother? (doesn't have to be a cable, a short dongle will do)
@_date: 2019-02-11 12:39:06
\&gt; very poor energy storage compared to gas
Yup, but this energy we talk about is being consumed by the motor and the electric one is 3x more effective at it than the combustion one.
Actually I'm not sure and thus very curious what is more energy efficient after adjusting for motor efficiency, cost of energy transport into the car in the first place (you transport electricity over the wire after all) etc.
@_date: 2018-11-08 14:31:37
Why all the negativity? Of course that PoS is a new concept in the context of cryptocurrencies. And it is VERY interesting to see how the ETH will perform with it. You speculate about attack vectors, but I am sure you are knowledgable enough to understand that similar techniques can be used to attack PoW (kidnap key people, convince many users to join hash pools, be early adopter with enormous crypto wealth - at least two of these were routinely used to influence the markets and even BTC evolution). Also, to say that "\[PoW\] is the only means \[...\]" is a bit arrogant - of course it will take another genius and probably a bit of time to invent something better, but it is not exactly that you have a mathematically sound proof that the current way is the only way to win at this game.  
It is not necessarily one versus the other. Most likely scenario for the foreseeable future is that we will have some sort of a hybrid solution and something of this sort is already happening with Lightning. Ethereum 2.0 (lets call it that way) will also start  as a hybrid.
@_date: 2017-10-03 10:35:52
Does it make a difference if I simply run a node, but not even keep any BTC in there? (since it's all in a paper wallet)
BTW, how much GBs is it these days?