@_author: bitplayed
@_date: 2013-01-29 15:23:19
Absolutely. While we're happy to sell to anyone willing to part with their hard-earned cash, we're primarily aiming at the UK market. Anything that would fit there is well worth a look!
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:38:47
As far as I know, there's no way to verify a Steam code's validity without claiming it, so it's not really feasible for us to trade them.
If there is a method for doing so, however, then it's absolutely something we'd look to bring in.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:28:39
We're a small start-up in the UK, looking to trade second hand games (anything from the modern era back to the Megadrive/SNES generation) for Bitcoin. Our prices are pegged to the GBP for the foreseeable future, so (hopefully) there should be no obscene pricing caused by mass panic and the like.
We're only dealing in English language, PAL games for now - sorry, America - but will post pretty much anywhere in the world. We're pricing products essentially by looking at a rough market average, chopping a bit off and then seeing where that lands us. We're all for people telling us where we've gone wrong, though!
We're very aware that the catalogs are small, for now. We've tried to get the most popular console games up first, but the PC market is so enormous that we're taking requests as a priority and slowly building it up behind that. If you have a game on any format that you'd like to see prices for, tell us and we'll get on it ASAP.
TL;DR bitcoins for games, games for bitcoins. GLHF.
@_date: 2013-04-17 15:53:21
[Bitplay]( does. Without going into too much security-sensitive detail, we have pegged our prices to the GBP, regularly check exchange rates and calculate BTC prices accordingly. Payments are processed directly between customers and our wallet.
VAT is not declared as the UK government (currently) considers payment through Bitcoins to be payment "in kind", since they are not accepted legal tender.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:48:46
Technically, yes, but it's against [Steam's TOS](
If that changed (or it could be strongly argued that paying with bitcoins is not "paying" in the context of Steam's terms), it'd certainly be something we'd be interested in.
@_date: 2013-04-17 15:40:33
Just to stick an oar in as a tiny example of those businesses - spam is bad, awareness is good (hopefully for everyone).
We have no intention of abusing the high visibility this community offers because, frankly, we'd expect you to be sick of us within minutes. That's bad for us _and_ the community.
Count on us throwing our arms in the air and waving them with ill-judged lunacy when we've got something genuinely special to tell you, but - in general - we'd rather have Redditors on our side. Even if not a single bitcent goes between yourselves and Bitplay, we'd rather not be seen as spammy.
Perhaps, if a middle ground is needed, the underused could be given a shot in the arm?