@_author: bitpaygentry
@_date: 2014-03-26 15:15:38
I'm the Director of Client Operations with BitPay, and am happy to lend a hand.  Can you please shoot me over (via DM) the email address you signed up under and any other relevant info?  I can look into the situation and see what we can do to resolve it (and also why your requests are bouncing from support and info
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:00:44
Hi - I'm the Director of Client Operations with BitPay; if you PM me with the relevant details I can create a support ticket on your behalf for review by our team to sort this out for you.
@_date: 2015-03-04 15:08:28
To chime in on this from BitPay's side - I handle Client Operations at BitPay (which includes merchant support).  We are reaching out to the individual quoted in the article to get more information on this.  We do have a record of support tickets put in specifically regarding this merchant's payouts, though they appear to have been resolved amicably / appropriately; from our end, in other words, everything looks normal.  The tickets were put in on behalf of the merchant by the individual who suggested he sign up, so it's possible there was something lost in communication from there back to him.
With that said, I very much agree that perception is often stronger than facts; my assumption is that this is simply a misunderstanding that will get straightened out when we speak with the merchant.  If that is not the case, of course, then we will correct any problems that he encountered and also evaluate our processes to make sure that others don't have to deal with similar issues in the future.
BitPay (and I, personally, as the leader of the department) prides ourselves on providing excellent service and a high quality merchant experience.  Thanks for both the supportive comments and also the comments about what we can do better - both are highly appreciated :)
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:37:26
I handle Client Operations with BitPay and am sorry to hear you've had a negative experience thus far.  Can you please let me know the details of your situation (ticket number, or just invoice / transaction details) and I'll look in to it right away.  You're welcome to PM me as well.
It's important to me that we get issues like this (especially for such a large quantity of BTC) resolved quickly and effectively, and I apologize that that has not been the case to this point.
Gentry Sherrill
@_date: 2013-10-06 22:46:52
We did experience some downtime on Friday evening where payments made to invoices were delayed in being associated.  I'm guessing that your second order got logged as an orphan transaction in our system (will check that once I'm in the office tomorrow).
At the moment we only have dedicated support coverage M-F, but we are working to expand and improve this.
@_date: 2013-10-07 16:36:08
Absolutely agree - we'll be taking a look at those options in the next few days.
@_date: 2013-10-07 17:45:03
You shouldn't be waiting a week for an answer; that's not acceptable.  Do you happen to know which ticket / inquiry this was on so that we can take a look?  We're currently in the process of beefing up our support and operations team as that's a crucial area for helping our customers, but lags in response time like you describe shouldn't happen regardless.