@_author: bitpervy
@_date: 2015-07-22 13:09:24
Thanks.  You might be right and it was actually something I had been considering even prior to registering the site.  I know whatvyiu mean, but I just kept feeling like BitPervy was catchy.  It wouldn't be hard to implement a new domain at this point...I'll think about it.
@_date: 2015-07-22 13:02:26
Technically, any content posted to any website, whether it is BitPervy, a porn forum, Sex.com, Pinterest or Twitter or Facebook, you need the content owners consent.  So obviously, the stance on have to take on it I that, you need the consent to post the material and I want to ensure the website is legal.
That said, there is a DMCA form on the website to ensure that individuals can request content removed if they feel someone has posted it without their permission or if they like the content removed for other legitimate reasons.
I know there are plenty of other sites on the web providing more Porn than I could never imagine, I just wanted to try something different and see if it could provide a unique alternative to the many "bitcoin faucet" sites.
It might be the stupidest idea in the world to some people, others might think its a scam, and some might think the earnings aren't justified, but it was just an idea I thought would be fun and wanted to give it a try and see if I could provide some innovation in the "free Bitcoin" space.  The fact is, people are doing on other websites the same thing you do on bitpervy, except we implement a Bitcoin Revenue Sharing method.
Better to have tried and failed than have tried at all...or something like that.
@_date: 2015-07-21 21:48:42
I apologize.  I completely forgot.  Thanks for the reminder!  Even if the title says Porn, it's appropriate to mark it as such.
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:41:55
So BitPervy sort of evolved from another website I was working on in an effort to contribute more to Bitcoin than just mining.  That said, I'm not a professional web developer, but I think unique projects that open more audiences to Bitcoin at great, so I would appreciate the understanding this is sort of a soft launch as I continue working out the kinks.
Originally, I began working on yet another Bitcoin faucet, but I quickly felt like the "faucet" space was overcrowded and standing out from the crowd was hard...I mean, let's face it, pretty much all faucet sites are boring web pages covered in banner advertising vomit.  So then I thought about doing an adult faucet, but "faucets" just felt boring, but naked women sure the hell aren't.
In creating BitPervy, the objective was really to take everything I didn't like about Bitcoin faucets and alter it into something I thought would be fun.  Instead of boring web pages only filled with banner ads, BitPervy will be filled with something that's simple to share and enjoy...porn and the content is dynamic.  And instead of being rewarded for simply visiting a website with a few satoshi that hardly seems worth the effort, BitPervy Perv Points are earned passively just for doing what a lot of people already spend lots of time doing on the web.  And lastly, the revenue sharing model is unique because earnings are residual instead of one time, and also because I'm not forced to compete with sites promising X amount of satoshi for clicking an ad.  Sure, I'm left with 50% of revenues to cover a VPS and CDN and Mandrill fees, but I'm also not locked into promising payouts I might not be able to afford. This means my efforts can be on cutting away wasted bandwidth and expenses instead of trying to make income appear that just isn't possible or relying on donations to keep a Faucet alive.
After a lot of changes, including attempting to move into the camgirl space, I eventually landed on what BitPervy is today - a Bitcoin Revenue Sharing Adult Porn Community.
Here's How It Works:
Like most social networks, you have personal pages and then categorized groups and then obviously you can share adult related material on these pages.
Interested in nude girls wearing socks?  Simply create a group and in it others to share images of nude girls in socks.
Want to share photos just of girls in Illinois (with permission)?  Maybe create an Illinois Girls group.
Are you a camgirl looking to reach out to new audiences?  Post great content to your personal Wall and connect with other members as friends on BitPervy to keep fans updated.
But here's where it gets unique!  Every time you contribute content you earn "Perv Points" which can be used to purchase Revenue Shares.  We split income from Bitcoin based advertising network A-Ads with our members based upon their shares owned.  Those incomes are distributed using Coinsplit.io.  So instead of fixed payments of a few satoshi in a certain date, individuals earn a portion of site revenues as they are received - with the exception of minimum balance thresholds that could delay payouts.
Essentially, a payout is received from A-Ads directly to a Coinsplit account where it is divided between the site and the members.  What's really unique is that, earnings are residual, So once you've earned a share and it's associated with a BTC address, you'll earn perpetual payouts...although, shares may lose value over time to dilution, which encourages people to contribute more and earn more shares this increasing revenues and site traffic.
New shares are given every time someone purchases them using Perv Points, so shares are at the mercy of dilution unless you keep contributing content to increase your shares.  The objective is basically to associate the percentage of shares owned to the percentage of content contributed.  It isn't a perfect system, but it's mostly just supposed to be fun and unique.
Hope this helps.  I'm on my mobile right now so it was the best I could write up without a full fledged keyboard.
@_date: 2015-07-22 23:08:50
I'll be taking the site offline temporarily for some maintenance, adding a few features, and resolving some bugs during registration that was causing duplicate user entries.
@_date: 2015-07-21 22:21:34
It doesn't work like that.  You earn Perv Points by contributing content to the site.  Then your exchange those points for Revenue Shares and/or potentially othe products in the future.
Those revenue shares then earn perpetual income as a percentage of revenues.  If you own shares by purchasing them using Perv Points, then essentially you do in fact earn a portion of revenues from surfing the site simply from what is earned from advertisements from you and other members and guests.
You can see the various earning stats for different banners on the site here:    Admittedly earnings and traffic are low, but it just launched!
Currently revenues are split 50/50 between members and the site, but if you own 5% of the shares then you earn 5% of the portion of revenues distributed to members.  Keep in mind, as other shares are added it lowers your percentage, so there's a friendly competition and incentive to contributing more content than others.  It will vary greatly depending on many factors...but Even if you stop using the site, your shares will continue generating revenue, albeit at lower amounts due to dilution.
@_date: 2015-07-22 12:42:50
BitPervy has already started to receive ad revenues, albeit very little at this point.  I've tried to be as transparent as possible about traffic and statistics.  
There's a lot of Bitcoin scams so I'm not offended.  Hopefully time will develop good reputations for the site.
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:06:03
BitPervy is an adult Porn community with a twist - contributions earn Perv Points that can be used to purchase shares of BitPervy revenues.
Join groups to discover and share porn in certain categories or simply post your favorites to your own Wall.
Start your own group - maybe even a GirlsGoneBitcoin group - for sharing and posting photos of tits for tips.  
@_date: 2015-07-21 22:04:34
Thanks! I appreciate the advice.
I do have a DMCA link at the bottom for reporting copyright infringements and I also plan on adding a "Remove My Content" page of sorts.  I expect I'll probably end up with ex girlfriend revenge Porn groups and such even if I tell people they need permission to post it, so it's important that I take steps to alleviate those problems.
I'll also change that link to open new window.
Enjoy the site though!
@_date: 2015-07-22 12:53:07
There is a FAQ page linked in the footer.
You are correct there needs to be some better moderation tools.  Currently you can flag posts on people's walls and also report a member as innapropriat at the bottom of a members page.  Originally I was working on having groups have moderators themselves, but I can see the importance of simple buttons for quick reporting of content to a higher level.
@_date: 2015-09-10 17:50:57
BitPervy is an adult social network with a Bitcoin Revenue Sharing twist.
We reward members with Perv Points for contributing to our website and Perv Points can be used to purchase revenue shares. We share Bitcoin profits from our ad banners and affiliate links with revenue share holders using Coinsplit.io.
Interested in certain fetishes, check out some of our group pages to see fresh content shared by other members or create your own group.
Note:  BitPervy is currently approving registrations manually to control traffic and registrations.  Manual approval will cease when traffic spikes lower.  Please be patient for your activation email.
For more information: 
To see what's new:  
To sign up now: 
@_date: 2015-09-10 19:33:06
The traffic spikes are actually more related to our email system than ability to maintain traffic.  PHP mail is often flagged as spam so BitPervy uses a third party SMTP mailer which throttles the sending of mail based upon reputation.  Its not that BitPervys emailing reputation is bad, but currently these throttle limits are lower than what may be necessary.
As far as age verification, like any adult website, membership is subject to the acceptance of Terms and Conditions, including being at least 18 years of age.  In fact, an Age Gate pop-up specifically shrouds content unless a user explicitly accepts they are at least 18.
According to our Terms, users who upload content do so under the terms of 18 USC 2257 compliance.
We have flagging and reporting buttons for any inappropriate/illegal content.