@_author: bitreckless
@_date: 2014-01-19 17:48:48
I'm pushing the limits of technology here. Stand back. I don't want anyone to get hurt.
@_date: 2014-01-19 14:55:09
Ah yes. I remember reading that recently. Thanks for the correction.
@_date: 2014-01-19 07:27:25
Haha. Taken as polite and helpful, and with a good chuckle.
This was somewhat of an experiment for me. I wanted to experience what paper wallets were like, see how comfortable I am with them, see how nice the final paper wallet looked, and see how well I could identify wallets that had been tampered with. I've created and destroyed quite a few so far, and I never necessarily intended to keep these coins not backed up.
I'm technically competent, but I just recently starting spending more time getting deeper into BitCoin and some of the tools I could use for managing them. In the past two weeks I have learned a lot and still have much more to learn. I hope to be fully up-to-speed soon. Until then, I don't have enough in BitCoin to worry about losing. I would be disappointed for a couple days, at worst. And of that, the amount I actually put into a paper wallet was a fraction.
I will admit, though, that I thought paper-only wallets was a thing some people did. I was never completely comfortable with it. In trying these wallets out, I thought about things like: Whether the paper was acid free, how well the ink would age, what sort of fireproofing does my storage require, whether I could print the QR codes on my black and white laser print and do the color on my color inkjet and whether that would even have an effect on how the paper wallet ages, etc. I never found all the answers and never reached full comfort with the idea.
But this is just what I happened to be learning about right now. In the end, this project was just as much about finding a convenient offline computer I can work on to generate keys, as it was about the paper wallet, if not more so. A secure way of generating keys has to be pretty high on the list of fundamental capabilities. And in the end, I'm proud of the setup I have for that. Yet, I'm sure it will improve with time.
Nevertheless, it sounds like there may be something I can learn from you. I may be in touch. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-01-19 17:45:03
Understood. I thought they could make for some nice gifts too.