@_author: bitscrip
@_date: 2016-04-16 16:15:37
Thanks for the feedback. I do disagree that there are several inexpensive physical wallets available with easy to find tools available to show the value in any currency. There is software available to make your own paper wallets, but even using that adequately is beyond may people, and checking the balance in Bitcoin doesn't really resonate with people as how Bitcoin is a store of value. There are digital product that do this, but my personal experience is that I lose people in a hurry unless I try explain Bitcoin in a tangible fashion.
I'll work on adding the 2 of 2 signature product. It won't be hard, but will take some time, since this isn't my day job. I'm just an enthusiast who is trying to help folks wrap their heads around how Bitcoin works and defer the costs associated with maintaining that development and infrastructure. Feel free to use a bitaddress.org or Bitcoinpapewallet.com product with my website. Any paper wallet will work.
@_date: 2016-04-16 05:43:12
For a 2 of 2 signature, if a client emails me public key for private key 1 (their private key), I can generate private key 2 and use their public key to generate a multisignature address. I mail them the paper wallet with the multisignature address and private key 2. BitScrip doesn't come with any Bitcoin on it, so they wouldn't have any Bitcoin under my control at any point. They would control both private keys. Even if I was a bad actor, I would only have one.
The problem with that approach is it makes explaining Bitcoin rather difficult, and it's needlessly complicated. Just use a regular BitScrip and only use a small amount (.0001 BTC) for a demonstration.
Also, feel free to use a bitaddress.org paper wallet with my website (not that you need my permission). The BitScrip Balance Tool works very well, and I think you'll find people "get" Bitcoin pretty well when you use the Balance Tool and a paper wallet.
@_date: 2016-04-16 04:11:09
It's not harsh at all. I think you're missing who I'm marketing this thing to. I absolutely agree that this isn't a product for folks who just stumble upon it on the Internet. 
This is a product for people who already know about Bitcoin and want to show others how it works. These can be carried around with you easily. If you think someone might want to understand Bitcoin or be willing to take a payment in Bitcoin, you can explain it to them. You can explain that there are positive attributes and negative attributes to the different types of wallets (paper, determinstic, etc). You can send a small amount of Bitcoin to the BitScrip (.0001 BTC) and then walk them through the security of the transaction as more confirmations occur. You can show them how to sweep the funds back, or let them take it with them. You can help them download a secure client on their mobile device or encourage them to buy a Trezor if they're really excited. You can also explain that it's just as easy to send 10,000 BTC to a user in China as it was to send it to that BitScrip.
When explaining Bitcoin, it's important to point out that BitScrip is essentially a premanufactured paper wallet. BitScrip is not Bitcoin. But BitScrip can help people who think Bitcoin isn't a real thing (a common refrain I have heard when I explain it, but maybe that's because I'm over 30) understand that you can send Bitcoin to an address on a wallet where the only way to move the Bitcoin to another wallet is to retrieve the private key underneath the one time seal. If you destroy the BitScrip, the Bitcoin still exists at that address. It's just irretrievable. Providing a tangible aid changes the very dynamics of the explanation. I'm 7/8 explaining with BitScrip, and 2 of those folks bought their own Bitcoin. I only tried to explain Bitcoin to a handful of people before I made this, and I can't think of a single positive result.
I do appreciate the feedback, and I don't think this is a silver bullet. Just another arrow for Bitcoiners to put in their quiver. 
edit: refocused the post on the points made previously.
@_date: 2016-04-16 10:55:09
You get the balance tool on the home page of the website, an easy way to point someone toward the other information on the website, a wallet made on a durable and waterproof material, and the security measures you should take (like generate your wallet using a computer that's offline in an environment where the private keys can't be recovered by malware) are taken.
Also, I encourage you to use bitaddress.org wallets and referencing the Balance Tool on my website to check balances, especially when explaining Bitcoin to someone who's skeptical. You can show them the balance in any currency, and better explain Bitcoin as store of value that way.
@_date: 2016-04-16 05:49:26
14, Which is excessive, but I think you'd find the Balance Tool works very well.
@_date: 2016-04-10 05:12:06
Verified the Signature. First time I ever took the time to do that with a file. Not the most straightforward process ever, but I learned a lot in doing it. Thank you again for your contributions to the Bitcoin community. I'm hoping to build (somewhat) off the work you and others did.
@_date: 2016-04-17 02:09:17
Thank you for the feedback, and thank you for the purchase! I think the Client supplied BIP38 passwords is an excellent idea, and I'll look at how to implement it immediately.
@_date: 2016-04-16 05:08:09
I'll shoot you a note when I finish the 2 of 2 multi-signature line of BitScrip then.
You didn't accuse me of scamming, though you suggested it. If anyone really wants to unmask who I am, it wouldn't be that hard to do. BitScrip, LLC is a registered LLC and I'm listed in the paperwork. Anyone with a reason could get a copy of the public record. Running a scam from the US using a US based business entity would probably be a poor way to try and scam someone. I'm not sure what the best way would be, but this would definitely be a bad way to do it.
I would ask you respect a bit of my privacy and not dox me for no reason. I have a day job I have no intention of leaving, but I'm very content to help people explain Bitcoin with a website and inexpensive paper wallets. And if nothing else, I think the BitScrip Balance Tool on the home page is a pretty straightforward and useful item.
edit: addressed the scam radar point.
@_date: 2016-04-16 02:22:47
This is primarily for educating folks unfamiliar with Bitcoin. I agree with your point in principle, but the point of BitScrip is primarily to lowering the tech barrier to entry and make Bitcoin easier to understand.
Once you introduce mult-signature it goes from easy to understand (peel back the security seal and sweep the private key underneath) to significantly more complex (send me the public key for private key 1, which you generated, I'll generate private key 2 and do some crypto magic to make the multi-sig address. When you want to move Bitcoin to a new address track down private key 1 and find a multi-signature client to sweep the funds). In my opinion, if you want to watch a prospective user's eyes glaze over, you start them off on multi-signature.
I appreciate the feedback, though. Please try the balance tool with one of your paper wallets if you get a chance, and I'll let you know if/when I implement a multi-signature line!
@_date: 2016-04-17 12:49:45
All points taken, and I absolutely agree that other places have similar tools, but again, those tools aren't as easy as you say. Coindesk's calculator will give you exchange rates, but not a wallet's balance in currency. Same with preev. Blockchain.info has so much stuff going on it overwhelms people the first time they look at it. And again, you have to multiply Bitcoin balance by currency exchange rate for all of them.
My goal here wasn't to make a technical marvel (frankly, this isn't my career and I don't have the skillset for that). It's to make something very simple that helps someone wrap their head around Bitcoin as a store of value, point them toward information about how Bitcoin works, and prime some further conversations about Bitcoin. I've had very good success explaining Bitcoin this way. Not so much the other ways.
@_date: 2016-04-16 13:39:27
That's how it started. Feel free to use your own paper wallets and the Balance Tool at  to educate your friends and family. Or contribute to the website by buying a few BitScrip. Use them for firestarter if you'd like.
Trust increases the usability. Trusting nothing requires technical knowledge that is beyond most people. I'm trying to bring the barrier to entry down a notch for the folks who don't know much about Bitcoin. 
But again, you can use your own paper wallet and bitscrip.com to demonstrate the value of the Bitcoin at an address in any currency. The ability to choose any currency reinforces the global nature of Bitcoin. I'd also love any feedback you have on the explainers on the website.
@_date: 2016-04-16 11:15:23
Then don't use the wallets I sell, but please consider using the tool on the home page of my website to help communicate Bitcoin as a global store of value with paper wallets you generate yourself. I haven't found a tool as easy to use for that purpose, and its why I built it. And I've had pretty good luck explaining Bitcoin to people using these.
In the mean time, I'll work on implementing the multi-sig paper wallets. 
@_date: 2016-04-16 12:06:52
I appreciate the feedback. I'll consider it if there's genuinely no interest. My hope is that people who don't have the technical expertise or the patience to figure out what good practices are (or implement them properly) would be open to getting some initial familiarity with Bitcoin using a product that requires a trusted third party. My small sample study indicates that I'm right.
Regardless of the whether you use the product I sell or use a different paper wallet, I think you'll find the website has a lot of good information; I'm very straightforward about the concerns of using a wallet you didn't create yourself, but honestly lots of people don't really know what good or bad security practices are. Better to buy a wallet from a halfway reputable, competent, and accountable third party then stumble around blind hoping you got downloaded a trustworthy client. It's not Bitcoin in its purest form, but it is a gateway to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-03-19 22:09:18
That sounds doable, but a bit excessive. 
I used Windows because I knew I could make it work. I'm no programmer, have limited amounts of time (this is very much a side project) but I figured I could mitigate the possibility of someone using data recovery techniques to recreate the keys I produced.
I'll be back on r/Bitcoin in about a week to announce what I've done, but I'll send you a Personal Message to show you. It's been about 4 months of late nights, expirementation, and learning.
@_date: 2016-03-20 01:42:31
Makes sense. I would make the assumption that the code from their last commit on Github has had lots of eyeballs on it already, but I guess it never hurts to put my own on it. Thanks.
@_date: 2016-03-19 21:07:01
If I ever finish my project I'll take great pleasure in smashing it all to bits and then incinerating all of it.
@_date: 2016-03-20 01:38:59
Well, a paper wallet generated using entropy doesn't have a deterministic seed for recreating the private key. I can tell you that for my particular application, seed words would not be superior, as it would be an enormous time suck and/or logistical nightmare. 
Most paper wallets I've seen have a private key that is hidden from view underneath a seal and a single address that is visible from the outside. BIP38 versions require a password to decrypt the private key. 
@_date: 2016-03-20 00:58:02
That was my major concern. All of my research on the topic has indicated there aren't any known repositories of auto saved documents that Office creates, so only a super sophisticated person exploiting a largely (completely?) unknown feature could recreate the keys.
I'm no cryptological Rain Man or even a programmer, and readily admit this isn't my wheelhouse, but I want to have as good of security practices as practicable. Undoubtedly, the Linux option would have fewer unknowns. I'll see if I can get the functionality I need going down that route
 Thank you for your input. I really appreciate it.
@_date: 2016-03-20 00:45:28
Thank you! From the owner of the git himself nonetheless
@_date: 2016-03-20 11:47:19
Thank you. I've actually checked everything you mentioned other than the version of bitaddress, which I'm going to look at today.
I've checked most of the things you've mentioned, such as the altering clipboard, excel, or printer outputs already. 
@_date: 2016-03-19 20:57:28
I'm mass producing paper wallets for a very specific purpose. I don't want or need recovery seeds for these wallets. Recovery seeds would actually undermine what I'm working on.
Do you see any reason to be concerned with the process I described above?
@_date: 2016-03-20 18:41:59
It makes sense. I'll play around with tails and see if I can get it to do what I need it to do. I've never really used it, though I've used Ubuntu BSDs for some applications and it looks similar. Thanks.
@_date: 2016-03-20 18:45:28
I'm not using any passwords. The private keys are straight text / WIF strings because it makes sense for the application I have. Very much emphasizing user ease of use. Not ideal or particularly suitable to hold large amounts of Bitcoin on any one wallet.
@_date: 2016-03-19 23:42:36
Not to be dismissive of your concern, but I would love to know what you think I should look for considering that bitaddress has put their code on github for people to review since 2012. I don't think I'm anywhere near as qualified as the vast majority of developers who have looked through that code previously.
I was a math major in undergrad, and while I understand the concepts of cryptography and pseudorandom number generation, I am by no means an expert who could drill into that code and look for the underlying weakness that everyone else has missed. If you have a particular concern about bitaddress, I'm happy to hear it..
@_date: 2016-05-14 04:08:46
I have to vouch for Canton's products as well. There are several designs, great explanations, and he also is responsive to emails. Great products.
My site ( has a good tool for checking the balances of paper wallets in any currency, but since you're looking to make your own wallets I definitely recommend you go with Canton. That's the best security practice, and a good way to learn about Bitcoin, as well. if you're going to be explaining Bitcoin as a stateless store of value, using a paper wallet in conjunction with my website works very well.
@_date: 2016-05-15 00:53:16
I made an easy to use website ( to help people wrap their head around it as a stateless store of value. It's optimized to work with paper wallets (which you can obviously make yourself). My personal opinion is that Bitcoin is best explained in person, with a demonstration. You can use the website to show the quantity and value of Bitcoin at an address in any currency at (very close to) realtime exchange rates.
I've had pretty good success in convincing friends, coworkers, and family to buy some Bitcoin as it still has significant upside potential. I carry about 10 paper wallets in my wallet and when there's an opening I mention it.
I sell pre-manufactured paper wallets to pay for my development /maintain costs (but I have a different, unrelated day job I don't plan to leave). I'm working on a BIP38 encrypted version to mitigate security concerns, but you obviously don't need to buy anything from me to use the website.
There're a lot of concepts wrapped up in Bitcoin, so I start people off with stateless store of value and lots of upside potential first.
@_date: 2016-05-14 20:48:11
I think there is enormously asymmetric payoff potential in Bitcoin, but the likelihood of it reaching peak value (by becoming a global reserve currency) is low. But it is a great hedge against instability, so long as the global Internet remains in place.
From a practical standpoint, I think buying small amounts of Bitcoin as speculative investment and part of your holdings is a wise idea. I hold a small percentage (~2%) of my investments in Bitcoin. If it goes to 0, I'll still be able to retire on track. If it grows in value/purchasing power, yay for me (us?)!
@_date: 2016-07-11 03:49:23
If it can be bypassed effectively, then it's not really much of a problem. As I understand it, the Great Firewall as it exists presently isn't that big of a deal to get around.
If it is enough to slow down Chinese miners' connections; it may make them less competitive. Again, not a catastrophic event...
Satellite based Internet could be used to mitigate this, but it has high latency and several other problems (infrastructure, bandwidth, Ability to be detected by authorities, etc). It could also take a significant amount of time to get set up, and in that time the "China chain" could already diverge from the rest of world chain by many blocks. If you had a prolonged divergence, Bitcoin's usability could be greatly compromised if the Great Firewall was ever turned back off and we all had to figure out which chains were "right." The good news is that very few coins would be transacted on both chains after the divergence occurred, so there might be a way to merge the ledgers without too much drama.
Since the Chinese have a concept of the Informization of warfare, they pretty regularly adjust what and how the Great Firewall filters things, from what I understand of it. However, cutting themselves off from the global Internet would be extreme (but not an outlandish scenario).
@_date: 2016-05-15 18:19:37
I try to keep it very simple and talk about it as a stateless store of value (with a large upside potential), largely insulated from structural economic weakness or fiscal mismanagement. About 50% of my friends / coworkers have further interest. I've actually been fairly successful (10-15%ish) at getting my friends and coworkers (most of whom are over 30) to buy small amounts of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-07-01 11:41:26
Don't know why, but it has been this way for some time. GreenAddress has a field for importing using Wallet Import Format, but it doesn't work. It seems the number of wallets supporting WIF is decreasing steadily over time. However, I suspect there will always be an end user tool for importing from a paper wallet out there (hell, I can still play SNES games on my computer).
My preferred method is currently Blockchain.info. I'm certain there are other good (better) options.
@_date: 2016-07-11 21:24:14
In short, you end up with two distinct ledgers that use the same protocol, and it makes it hard (impossible?) to reliably use either. This expounds on why it is bad with much more detail:
@_date: 2016-07-11 12:02:11
You get coins on both chains, but it becomes a train wreck if you ever have the situation change and the "China Blockchain" and "Rest of world Blockchain" start to compete on the open Internet again.
It would be very much a similar scenario to any other fork, just geopolitically driven. To me, that kind of thing seems more likely than anything else that wouldn't be the end of civilization as we know it (like total nuclear war or an asteroid.
@_date: 2016-07-11 03:10:08
If the global Internet was threatened significantly, that could really challenge the integrity of a Blockchain. 
For example, if there was a geopolitical event that would cause the Chinese to elevate what "The Great Firewall" blocks to the point that it blocked most Chinese Miners' Internet traffic, you could end up with a China Blockchain and a Rest of World Blockchain that diverge from each other for a time.
That is particularly problematic with China, in theory, but less dramatic divergences could happen, I guess. Pretty much anything that would challenge the integrity of the Internet would have a similar effect, I imagine, but I doubt it would "go to zero"