@_author: bitsbetr1ppin
@_date: 2018-01-04 00:02:06
You fabricated the sub and directed people to it right when the fork happened in August knowing full well your sympathizer controlled the sub. So basically, you tried to scam people through your stickied mod post. So when I hear you talk about double standards I laugh a little. I don't hold bcash, sold after the fork, but that sub you had stickied was full of scams and fake links. If I would have used one of the promoted wallets there I would have lost my coins, while r/BTC had legit working wallets being promoted. And now that the fork is long gone that sub is dead, just like the alt account that moderates it.
Not like you're innocent in any sense of the word. You're just as guilty as they are, if not more so. Ban inc on me for speaking the truth I guess, I'll get over it.
@_date: 2018-01-03 06:50:55
I see what you mean. I guess when I read pre-mine I think of the literal sense: it is mined before the blockchain is live exclusively by miners with exclusive access. But you're right I think, it's just a really fair distribution in this case. I suppose the only fairer way would be a new genesis block?
@_date: 2018-01-04 00:38:30
Lol this is an alt account. You banned my main account for saying "SegWit will provide no immediate tx relief" back in late June. I was so wrong, right? How dare I spew propaganda. That's what you said I was doing at least. Maybe I just saw something obvious.
It's ironic hearing about astroturfing from one of the biggest astroturfers and social media warriors I've ever seen.
I'm not a shill, or an astroturfer, or whatever other adjective that you are currently doing while projecting on to others, I'm just a guy that did some research and saw you being a liar, a propagandist, and most of all, a terrifyingly scummy and rude individual, like you were to me just now. Your actions speak for themselves bud. You've locked in your legacy as a stain on the crypto community, along with Ver and the rest of them. You two are so similar it's hilarious.
In regards to your actual rebuttals, it's not hard to copy and paste "lies" the whole way down. You're pretty good at that. Any time some has any amount of evidence it seems to be your go to, along with the delete and ban buttons.
You can claim innocence all you want, but there is a reason that sub is dead now. It's not threats of violence or whatever other lies you're trying to make up. It was a coordinated astroturf attempt like the many other astroturf attempts that eminate from you and I'm not an idiot or a liar. You just leave a trail of crumbs leading back to you and you don't even care, which is fine, but please. Spare me the propaganda astroturfing accusations. You're way more involved in that than I ever will be. I'm just a freaking hobbyist that, frankly, doesn't like authoritarians like yourself.
@_date: 2018-01-04 04:10:34
Wow, don't know what to say to you man. You just project so much, it's disgusting. I haven't ever lied. I've spoken to you truthfully, based on things I believe either due to overwhelming evidence or incredibly suspicious behavior on your part. I could present you sources, but I'm sure you'd call those lies as well. It's not like I didn't expect it, but you simply are incapable of speaking candidly on a media outlet.
All you can say is "liar" which is ironic, because I'm sure you're the only one that has purposefully been lying. That's the only tactic your astroturfing campaign has now. Call everyone else out for things you're actively doing. Lying, Shilling, Astroturfing. It's what you do every day. You literally have built an echo chamber around it. It's impressive. I'm truly impressed because a media manipulation campaign of this scale isn't easy to pull off, but you're doing it with incredible efficiency. 
And your conjecture is phenomenal by the way. I'm sure now you're going to call me some kind of conspiracy theorist when all you've offered up as an explanation to anything I've stated (other than "liar" or "slanderous liar" like some sort of drama queen) is that, based on no actual evidence, you project that this shell reddit account (one you would immediately call an astroturfer if they posted here due to account age) is apparently not in allegiance with the propaganda campaigns of this sub while regurgitating anti-bcash rhetoric that you coined verbatim from your stickied post.
Anyways, bravo to you. As you continue to prove, your place in crypto history is well documented and cemented as a manipulative, shady authoritarian. I'm sure you'll keep projecting and calling me a liar. You love nothing more than projecting your acts onto others.
@_date: 2018-01-02 23:19:45
Jameson nailed it in this debate for sure. He was calm and collected and clearly a big expert in the subject. Compare this to that John Carvalho video where John comes off as a blubbering retarded troll.
@_date: 2018-01-02 23:20:21
It's not a pre-mine. It's essentially an airdrop. There is a massive difference.
@_date: 2017-12-21 03:07:52


Well, it literally is an improvement and the original way Bitcoin was scaled. It was smaller than 1mb in its early stages and it was hardforked to the 1mb limit. It isn't a graceful or revolutionary technology, which is why LN has the potential to be great, but it indisputably allows more transaction throughput the second it is implemented.


That's simply untrue. Mining centralization has exactly zero relevance to block size. What I think you are referring to is node centralization, in which case, you are correct that bigger blockchains could potentially lead to less nodes. However, what is never factored in to this argument is increased adoption and nodes spun up in that regard. Ethereum currently has a larger blockchain and more nodes than Bitcoin, and it is not centralized at all in terms of nodes or mining. This is simply because more hobbyists are excited to work on the Ethereum blockchain. So I disagree and point to that as direct evidence that bigger blocks pull both ways, but it is truly impossible to say what the node count will or will not be with bigger blocks. You cannot say with any reasonable certainty that nodes would shut down when there is a living example of the opposite happening.
In fact, Eric Lombrozo, a Core dev [said](


And we just talked about latency above, so again, there is wiggle room here. If you still think bigger blocks = mining centralization you should have a word with Eric, I'm sure he can change your mind as he is a great dev that actively contributes to the project.


Bigger blocks doesn't lead to more mining centralization, I don't really know where you're going with this. It's pretty passive aggressive on top of being flat out wrong. If you truly believe that bigger blocks = miner centralization I think you've grossly misunderstood how mining works. I mine with GPUs and I don't store a single copy of the blockchain on any of those boxes. If you're talking about block propagation I would again challenge that. 500kbps internet can support my mining operation (5 6x GPU rigs). This is true when I was mining Ethereum and tracked bandwidth usage with Wireshark.


No argument here. Censorship resistance is a paramount principle. That's why I also feel censoring dissenting opinion's is scary and exactly that. You can't love censorship resistance but want dissenting opinions censored... I mean... doing so effectively violates the censorship resistance you hold so dear. It's why it's important to understand dissenting opinions aren't trolls but discussions that have valid technical merits too.


SegWit does increase it as it's adopted. It still baffles me that something with so much consensus wasn't implemented as a hardfork, but if it is ever fully adopted then we will effectively move from a 1mb hard limit to a 1.7mb hard limit, which obviously is meager, and not enough for LN to operate at scale according to the LN whitepaper.


But 48% is one hell of a loss. Today is the lowest it's been ever. And I know there are other crazy things going on and I am sure it will bounce back to 60% market share in a day or two (or less) but at the same time, releasing only SegWit for scaling in 3.5 years of development in one of the most innovative IT spaces in the world right now is not good. People are doing crazy cool things with blockchain. The last thing I want is for Bitcoin to lose out to any of the number of coins out there that provide better tx throughput. I don't think it will. But I certainly don't want to tempt fate either. I think there is a balance to be found.
Will bigger blocks lead to more miner centralization? No. Node centralization? Maybe, but more adoption would equal more nodes too. It could easily go the opposite direction as it did with Ethereum. Was SegWit a tx increase? Absolutely. But it's method of implementation as a soft fork leaves us back almost where we started. Hell, what really pisses me off, is that the Core client wallet doesn't support SegWit. It's hard for me to blame anyone else for not implementing SegWit wallets when Core's own client doesn't have it 6 months post fork. That's insane right? I just see a lot of hyperbole and veiled sarcasm in your post as well as a few lies or untruthful arguments. I just encourage you to consider that there are somethings you've said which, if you believe them truly, are objectively false. I'd consider rethinking some of what you said, and if not taking my word, then taking Eric Lombrozo's word for it.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:23:52
!RemindMe 1 year
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:49:19
6 months ago every post on this sub was about SegWit being blocked by miners even though the economic majority wanted it. What changed? Besides the narrative.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:16:21
LOL dude you aced this kid. What a pathetic little wannabe troll. He literally proved your point. All of these arguments against this concern are emotional arguments and when those don't work, ad hominems.
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:39:32
These two sock puppets talking to you are rampaging through this chain and others supporting each other. Across threads. Across days. Don't bother, you're arguing with sock puppet accounts or trolls instructed to fabricate false arguments and vote/comment brigade. Really common on this sub, as I'm sure you've noticed.
You're absolutely right, the interviewer was a little bitch the whole time. He looks, acts and talks like a bitch, not a surprise. He is just trolling so of course the trolls in this thread responding to you love it and think it's fine. It's obvious to anyone who watched the unedited video. They know he's rude and unprofessional so they immediately just start to attack you. I wouldn't be surprised if one of these two sock puppets are John Carvalho. Only a troll or a sociopath finds that kind of behavior in an interview acceptable.
@_date: 2017-12-25 17:22:09


Yeah, Coinbase uses their RPC wallet which, again, doesn't support SegWit. Which is why all calls for Coinbase to upgrade to SegWit are naive and childish. They will be upgraded literally the second Core upgrades.
@_date: 2017-12-25 17:49:02


I'm fairly certain it was proven that with full SegWit utilization only 1.7MB would be for transactions, so that 2-4mb increase is not actually true. It's effectively, at full adoption, 1.7mb blocks.
@_date: 2017-12-24 15:29:15
What if I told you Coinbase uses Core's RPC wallet? Then they are physically unable to adopt SegWit until Core upgrades to their own solution. Are you implying Coinbase should drop Core to get SegWit implemented and totally retool their wallet architecture?
You see how idiotic that is right? If Core wants SegWit adoption they should try implementing it themselves so people can use it. If most businesses use the RPC wallet then Core can spearhead adoption themselves instead of inhibiting it like they are now.
Can't wait to see your next set of mental gymnastics.
@_date: 2017-12-24 15:26:04
I would agree with you but I lost count of the Litecoin posts on this sub and I wonder why that is allowed? None of those users have been banned. It's a competitor too, but alt coin discussion about using Litecoin is allowed so it's a complete double standard.
The rule should say: Discussion of any alt the mods deem to be a threat to Bitcoin will be censored. No?
@_date: 2017-12-26 18:24:39
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:49:36
But it has bigger blocks instead of SegWit. And everything else you listed, technically, Bitcoin doesn't have right now either. This is the first time Bitcoin has had direct competition on the SHA-256 algorithm so hopefully it kicks Core's ass in to gear. No tx throughput increase in 3+ years, is anyone really surprised Bitcoin is losing market share at this point? It's becoming a dinosaur in one of the most rapidly evolving industries in the world. We need LN yesterday.
@_date: 2017-12-20 05:20:37


I mean, that is patently false. You can clearly see themes pushed by the same few posters on both subs, try tagging them sometime. It's painfully obvious.
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:14:16
Almost like what's happening literally right now.
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:00:07
That is baseless propaganda. Miners follow the most profitable chain, which is currently BCH. Game Theory, which has always been part of Bitcoin, dictates this. This is expected miner behavior, not an attack.
Bitcoin doesn't have some God given right to its hash power, I switch my GPUs to different coins sometimes, but when I do I'm not attacking the network I'm leaving by leaving it.
You can't complain about Jihan being evil and wishing he will go away, then complain again when he leaves and mines something else. That's literally insane.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:34:57
Yeah but the people that developed it don't have a usable wallet for it yet. Pot, meet kettle. Until the Core wallet has it then there isn't much of a leg to stand on is there?
@_date: 2017-12-25 16:47:59
That's kind of a cop out when 6 months on the Core GUI doesn't support SegWit.
@_date: 2017-12-25 20:47:08
So we can muster a negative review campaign for a wallet that actually works and gives you private keys (Ver's Wallet). But a literal scam wallet and all we get is a single upvoted comment and some complaints?
What the actual fuck? Why isn't there 2000 negative comments like what happened the other week? This one literally steals your money.
@_date: 2017-12-25 17:47:26
In my opinion, it is very hypocritical to ask CB to restructure their wallet system just because Core, the developers of SegWit, haven't implemented their scaling resolution which has "overwhelming community and user concensus"