@_author: bitsit
@_date: 2017-03-21 21:29:06
i like the spirit of this change, -tinfoil hat on- however the fact that it feels like it was tacked on alongside Segwit, and then shared to the community during a time when people are distracted with fork and other FUD makes me feel Leary about just blindly ignoring this change. sipa has been trusted in the community for the longest time, however we have learned in other open source projects that trust at one point does not mean we should just blindly follow anyone's changes going forward. 
if someone who has more free time can look into these changes, they seem harmless based on my cursory glance and already vetted by others. i doubt this change weakens bitcoin, it looks to strengthen bitcoin. its just that some of sipa's other work: libsecp256k1 namely had such a huge impact on bitcoin overall, these types of changes make me feel like the integrity of the project is being weakened purposely and is continually heading in this direction. -tinfoil hat off-
what we have right now works, it being slow is not a good enough reason for me to want change, people possibly making mistakes is not a good enough reason to change it. maybe this has been planned for quite sometime but i do not really see all that much perceived benefit. why don't we have a section on bips where we have an explicit evaluation of the risk of the code change discussed and well documented beforehand. all of my hating aside keep up the great work pieter et al.
@_date: 2017-03-21 20:53:11
For those who have not read about Sidechains yet: 
Sidechains satisfy most if not all of the needs for problems we have today. We could use n number of currencies pegged as Sidechains for: Different Cryptographic Primitives, Different POW, Larger or Smaller Blocksize, Quicker Block times, Anonymous Transactions etc.
No need to bloat Bitcoin with a bunch of unneeded features, but if you wanted to use them you can go to a side chain. Sidechains can become a parent chain so the best coin will always win.