@_author: bitsandbits
@_date: 2014-02-25 01:36:43
Whenever the feds want to get bankers in line they can always dredge up this case:  Google "Bill atteberry mayor belleair beach money laundering".  Did hard time, lost his house and wife.  It was a mortgage company selling mortgages to a drug ring in the Bahamas.  This is what they mean when they say "Know Your Customer".  Unfortunately, he  knew them all too well.  Pretty safe to say he wasn't buying/dealing drugs.  He was a Christian Scientist.  Perhaps too much faith in the goodness of men.
Perhaps Mr. Shrem and his attorney wish to speak to Mr. Atteberry.  Could be an enlightening conversation.
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:07:56
You have to work backwards through the chain on this.  He plead not guilty and defended himself for a year on his first trial, but the prosecution got a second trial. (yikes!!  Didn't see that coming.) Evidence eventually became overwhelming and he changed his plea.  They can really wear you down.  The Feds don't do these cases lightly.  If it goes to court, they don't let go.  Let's hope it doesn't.
People come out of the woodwork on these things.  It is usually never one transaction.  There will be other witnesses.  They followed a thread to get the guy in Cape Coral.  There will be other knots in the thread.
Secondly, the bad boys play hardball too.  You assume they don't want a trail of evidence, but they can deliberately keep evidence to keep you in their pocket.  They can play their trump cards to save themselves.  That also happened in the aforementioned case.  You don't know who's singing yet.
When the feds tell you to "Know your Customer (KYC)", they are giving you good advice to protect you from some very bad actors.  A drug dealer not far from Cape Coral where this perp lives took his victim for a ride.  An accomplice slipped a nylon rat tail around his neck and cinched it tight.  Never made a sound, never used a bullet.  A full minute of utter terror in your life is a very long time.  They burned the body in a ditch.  He did the deed for four months rent in his $500 apt.  In other words he needs to do 3 of these a year, and he still hasn't bought groceries.  It also means that a million dollars of drug money can fund 500 such projects.