@_author: bitsfromheaven
@_date: 2017-02-20 22:54:12
Check out the OKCoin BTC/USD quarterly futures chart if you like pinball. 
@_date: 2017-02-20 18:44:55
Just take a look at what happened to gold after ETFs were launched. There is absolutely going to be a short term demand from entities that either have charters that forbid them from buying assets that are not listed on major exchanges or are not comfortable with the process of buying Bitcoin as it is now. You clearly do not monitor the OKCoin BTC/USD quarterly futures that expire after SEC decision. The quarterlies have been trading as far down as 100 points below spot in the last few weeks as the market is generally leaning towards disapproval. Last few days the futures have turned more bullish and the premium in GBTC has declined as the market has become a little more hopeful of an approval. The volatile action in the futures market tells us all we need to know about what's at stake. Finally... why in the heck would you be buying GBTC? You are paying a totally unnecessary premium on your bitcoin. This is exactly why there should be an ETF. For people like you!
@_date: 2017-02-20 21:56:05
You will have trouble grasping the utility of derivatives but I'm sure you can find some YouTube videos that could give you an introduction. There is over $100 trillion in outstanding futures contract positions on global exchanges. The fact that you are using your IRA to buy Bitcoin and you are worried about penalties and taxes means you plan to hold for a while. So the short term impact of the SEC decisions on the ETFs will subside in the years to come. But you are dead wrong to think the BTC market is not going to move significantly one way or another on the news. When PBoC burps up some new regs on Chinese BTC exchanges which it has been doing lately, that alone has been pushing the price around by more than 10%
@_date: 2017-02-20 17:46:46
Joey. You have a lot to learn about institutional investing, supply/demand, liquidity, mechanics of exchange traded funds on BATS and the New York Stock Exchange/ARCA. There are so many holes in your premise. Let me point out just one of many. You are only focusing on Winkelvoss ETF. Are you even aware there are two more entities that have also filed with SEC for NYSE Bitcoin listings, SolidX and Grayscale? SolidX will be getting SEC response by March 30.  Looking at over 500 million in bitcoin assests that would be flowing into these ETFs within a couple weeks of an approval. Everyone who actually understands the way capital markets work and the current size and liquidity in Bitcoin, knows the profound impact an approval will have on the price of BTC.