@_author: bitscams
@_date: 2014-07-20 05:59:09
The funny thing is that you Bitcoiners aren't even making any money out of it - you've lost up to 50% of your money (or 100% if you put your money in MtGox).
This is who you're basically gifting your money to.
@_date: 2014-07-20 07:25:08


Have you actually checked the volumes? If you do, as I have, then you'll see the opposite is true.
For instance on one day when the price was at $1000+, $62 million worth of Bitcoins were bought. Contrast that to recent weeks, where you're seeing between $2-$4 million daily typically - and on one day about a fortnight ago, just $0.9 million.
These are total exchange volumes btw, so all exchanges are included.
I'm not just cherrypicking dates either. I strongly recommend you look at the 1-year chart yourself, and you'll see that volumes have gradually but massively decreased over time.
Pull your head out of your ass and look at what's actually going on m8
@_date: 2014-07-20 07:57:00
Calling fiat a 'cult' is stretching it way too far. In fact it's not even stretching it - fiat is not at all cultlike. I don't see anyone saying fiat is going to revolutize the world or make them get rich quick because of it's innate properties; do you?
Plus there is a healthy distrust of fiat. This community is demonstrative of that. Do you think you're unique? Precious metal 'bugs' have been around since before both of us were born.
Let's get one thing straight: A cult is a particular kind of social community with marked traits. Obviously it's debatable what traits designate a 'cult', but let's just take the closest diagnostic at hand by searching on Google for 'how to identify a cult'. Click the first link and you'll see a checklist. Read through the checklist and think about it in relation to the Bitcoin community, I think you'll be surprised by just how much accurately matches. I know I was. And then think about if that can be applied to fiat.
More generally your point is 'Sure, Bitcoin has it's issues, but it's as good as or better than fiat'. I would argue this is not the case. Bitcoin has no benefits over fiat. It's not anonymous, it's not immune to regulation, the nil or very low fees are gone or are going, it's not immune to fraud, it's not immune to speculation, and so on. It's basically now just a prototype of fiat in it's infancy - fiat 2.0 beta. Seriously, what's the point in using it? All the original ideals have been discarded in light of what's practical.
Physical cash is better than Bitcoin. At least it's anonymous, you can store it at home or somewhere safe, and you can avoid tax and the like just as well as you can with Bitcoin. Or what about precious metals which do the same but also tend to avoid undesirable inflation?
And at least regulation of fiat has one major benefit - you're much less likely to be defrauded like you are with Bitcoin.
I don't dismiss cryptocurrency out of hand - I've been intrigued by it since late 2010 - but I just see Bitcoin as irrevocably flawed and thus a failure. Any cryptocurrency worth adopting would have to make radical changes to implement the attributes which I feel are necessary (and I don't claim I know how to do it either, I only say it might be possible).
@_date: 2014-07-20 07:36:36
Volume at $1000+/btc on one day: $62 million
Volume at the $339-$500/btc low: $14 million
