@_author: bitsof0
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:00:41
I do not like running the full node because my IP address is shared with everyone and I seem to become a target for hack ddos storms. It is not safe.
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:10:40
Its funny how this happens just in time for a bubble pop. Its a little suspicious to me. Bitcoin going down in price before the btc boom in August is a good thing. I think. 
@_date: 2014-04-23 07:03:51
Yeah, I am sticking up for the bastard even though I know I don't have to. I have been on mcxnow since June. I have had several conversations, debates and plenty of humorous experiences with realsolid. This guy's(persona) personality is not hard to pin down. He prides himself on anonymity, and his wisdom of coding, and libertarian values. It is so it is to easy to just write him and his site off as a scam at the slightest twitch of paranoia in reaction from troll propaganda. 
I have made bad some bad trades, but not once have I lost a coin other than my own actions. realsolid has helped me twice in the past with support issues, once within minutes and another after an email and a couple days had past, I reminded him online and he pushed through a withdrawal plus some extra I assume for the delay. 
I need some hard evidence realsolid and mcxnow is a scam. 
I have witnessed absolutely nothing that I could positively confirm as a scam on mcxnow. I have paid close attention, to the trade bots, bag holders, and pumpers. All I have seen is normal growing pains, the struggle of one person putting his life into his brand.  Yea unfortunate shit has happened but shit happens to every business from the smallest to the global corps. I believe realsolid when he says he gets hundreds if not thousands of emails from pricks that don't take two seconds to back up their passwords, have an escape plan, and mitigate possible losses do to risk of circumstances. 
To the OP: You sound like a entitled brat who expects everyone to know what he is thinking and be sensitive to your personal issues, and your time.  I have witnessed realsolid go through resetting several users 2fa/passwords, and guess what? It usually starts out with a blunt comment or two, and a few slaps on the wrist, but eventually he resolves all the issues.  
BTW,What in life, in the world, that you participate in every day driven by progress and power isn't a scam to perpetuate and grow? 
**tl;dr** OP is a self entitled troll. In 10 months I have never witnessed a scam on mcxnow. realsolid shows evidence of dedication, passion, and brilliance with much as much attitude  to back it up. Take responsibility. 