@_author: bitspot
@_date: 2014-05-13 15:16:00
You're more than welcome to come by and encouraged to!
We are far from anything like Neo &amp; Bee. I think they were a Swiss Army knife of Bitcoin that was ran by a crooked CEO in the first place. I don't think they ever committed one lawful transaction. 
We're still a relatively small company in the whole scheme of things in the Bitcoin world. We just formed the company 4 months ago and have snowballed since. Also as far as appearance goes... That nice glass building didn't work out well for them nor Mt. Gox =P 
Our goal when forming our company was to make profit and do a good job at what we do, which should be any companies objective. We did exactly that and planned for it. No reason to have wasteful spending, flashy things, and non practical expenses hurting our profit. 
Also don't worry, a more formal presentation is on the way. We've just heard a few questions and have people passing by asking "What the hell is BitSpot?"  
The model we're planning to use for funding should be more efficient than traditional means. It would allow us to connect to many individuals and prospects rather than focusing on a single one. We're not planning nor trying to raise millions of dollars here, definitely not. We simply are wanting to increase the liquidity that we have so it's possible to expand faster and reach a broader audience. The business model in itself is quite simple: We make money by moving money fast and efficiently. The more money we have to move the more we make. We're expanding our capital funding as it stands, but it's slower than we would like. Bitcoin is a fast paced environment and if you're not 1st, 2nd or 3rd then you're last. 
I'm happy you asked. Anytime a question is asked or someone is curious it allows us to be more transparent and show what we do and how we do it. We understand that the people of the community are what make or break you in this business. If you're honest, open, and like-able then you're likely to succeed in this ecosystem. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 10:50:35
Looks legit. Can I haz secret passwerd?
@_date: 2014-05-14 14:01:55
Yes! We'd be more than happy to have you come by. Most of our business is conducted online but we're always glad when a new person stumbles in. 
Every first Friday of the month Ashland holds an event downtown. We're planning to run a booth in front of our office to raise Bitcoin awareness in the community and also sign up merchants to accepting it. We believe there are a lot of small businesses that could benefit from accepting Bitcoin.
Look forward to doing future business!  
@_date: 2014-05-05 07:02:52
No it's not bad to point out how it works. You should embrace the way it works though. If everyone used it then your logic would be false. I do believe they intended to originally build the original protocol as CoinJoin works but they never figured it out til lately.
Your logic is almost one step away from: If you use Bitcoin you are likely a criminal. Right now your logic is: If you use CoinJoin you're likely a criminal.
@_date: 2014-05-08 18:57:17
As much as I hate to say it, this ^ guy is right. 
The point of Bitcoin is to be free of these aggravations, slow transitions, and redundant verification processes. Unfortunately they are all required when you are buying and/or selling Bitcoin.
The problem is the fact that when you buy Bitcoin it's a hassle and you normally pay a % fee as well. You then send it to the other person and they do the opposite to reverse it back into fiat. 
We need a huge adoption rate where people are wanting Bitcoins because they are Bitcoins, not because of what they are worth in USD terms. We also need a more fluid process when exchanging Bitcoins, the system in place now almost destroys the "payment protocol" aspect of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 10:42:29
Are these freeware? If so do you have any high resolution .psd files? 
These are awesome! I'd love to adopt these and see them in a ton of Bitcoin apps and websites.
@_date: 2014-05-05 06:50:39
So none of us should have curtains in our house, right?
I understand the idea you are coming from, you don't want to be tied up or connected with people that may have ill intent. Society has honestly pushed us into this mindset where we believe if you are being "private" or have "secrets" that they are bad ones. This just simply isn't true. Not everyone who is going to be using these features are going to be criminals. I'm sure at some point you have used a USD Dollar that has unknowingly been "tainted" before, but that doesn't make you a criminal or wrong. 
You need to protect your right to privacy or else you may end up realizing you don't even have that right anymore. Think about the curtains on the inside of a house and imagine them outlawing them. Everyone would be enraged wouldn't they? Your finances and personal transactions should be respected the same way. Do not let them make you feel that privacy is for criminals.
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:19:51
It's a good thing! We're pushing for Bitcoin in an area that could definitely benefit from it's uses. There are a ton of small businesses that we hope to work with in the future.
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:17:59
We've spent the past couple months making sure all of our ducks are in a row as far as regulation, compliance, and licensing goes. 
We'll prepare a more formal briefing on the company, employees, and our mission statement in the following days. It's been hard balancing our existing workload and expansion of the company. That's mainly why we have came to this decision to gather outside help and resources so we can accomplish bigger things.
Stay tuned! Thanks for the interest and we're definitely hoping to make an impact on our area.
We've met some resistance from the local paper: DailyIndependent.com
The chief editor wouldn't publish a story on our business because he believes Bitcoin is a ponzi. He made that decision after several prominent community members urged the reporters for a story on our business. We're outraged to say the least.
@_date: 2014-09-03 06:41:07
This would be an amazing addition and would push Mycelium to the best wallet available.
Right now its a good tie between Mycelium + Electrum. Once Mycelium adopts BIP32 style wallets then Mycelium will be the most useful wallet to date. 
@_date: 2014-05-09 03:25:42
Thanks for the clarification.
@_date: 2014-05-13 02:00:29
Sorry David, I forgot all about the link. The link is: Https://
Right now we are re-doing the whole website. We have a few nice features we're working on implementing that will be quite handy and help automate some transactions.
It's been a task balancing our work along with development of the website so if anyone has any recommended reputable developers, please feel free to introduce them. We're easy to get along with and can pay in cash or bits ;)
PS: We're hoping to be at the Bitcoin Conference coming up in June in D.C. ! Who knows, maybe we'll see you there!
@_date: 2014-05-08 19:02:15
I love the design on these and I highly appreciate your stance on freeware. The way you have created these is very professional and almost look "standard" to me, I don't know how to better explain it. I've read where other's have stated that they wouldn't scale down well, but I beg to differ. I think these are very nice looking symbols and should be used at a decent size, rather than a micro size. I imagine these being used for over-sized buttons on applications and websites. These would be very, very newbie friendly. You can look at them, and they make sense much like how a symbol should be. 
Keep up the great work.
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:48:51
Lexington, KY // Charleston, WV // Louisville, KY // Cincinatti, OH
Those are all within 2 hours reach.
I know, it's a shame. That's one of our main goals too, educate and raise awareness. They have an event on the first of every friday in our city that is held right on the main road of downtown (right where we are located). We plan to distribute flyers, hand out paper wallets, and generally just educate the public about the benefits. There tons of small businesses in the area that could benefit by accepting Bitcoin. We plan on working with them and get them setup to accept Bitcoin!
@_date: 2014-05-12 22:56:10
We're trying to get them to purchase their tractors with Bitcoin =)
Just kidding, but not really.
@_date: 2014-05-26 19:17:33
Great response.
@_date: 2014-05-08 18:50:04
As soon as my bitnest appreciates I'm bouncing out of here.
@_date: 2014-06-24 02:34:57
Haha, this is a great point. Honestly, people expect no risk PLUS reward? This doesn't compute.
@_date: 2014-05-13 02:09:18
Haha, you're right they are expensive especially for just a curious person who wants to know a bit more. There just *might* be a bigger career in talking about Bitcoin rather than dealing in it. 
@_date: 2014-05-05 07:53:52
I honestly think you have it all wrong. I'm saying that it doesn't matter if one person out of 100 is using it for crime, you shouldn't have to revoke your right to privacy just because of that 1 individual. 
If you are using CoinJoin you are not financing death, you are not supporting crime, or anything like that. You are merely choosing to keep your personal transactions private, as they should be and intended to be.
If you deposit 10 dollars into a bank, then someone withdraws 100 (which happened to have your 10 included into) then bought a gun and shot someone... Did you finance murder? That is what you are implying. That is crazy talk. Would the law enforcement agencies come and shut down the bank?
If you were buying Heroin from a terrorist organization, I might understand your reasoning a little bit more, but you're not. You're just using a good service and unfortunately sometimes bad people use good things for bad, that's just the way it works. Just because one idiot goes and shoots up a school with a gun doesn't mean we should take guns away from everyone.
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:27:24
It has a greddy Turbo Kit along with countless other mods. 
Link to thread [HERE](
@_date: 2014-05-23 06:39:58
If you can't afford a Tesla or Lamborghini with your bitcoin holdings, then this is the next best thing. It's also convertible, instant babe magnet all you need is a personalized license plate that says: BITCOIN
@_date: 2014-06-11 20:10:11
Yeah, I do believe I would find another payment processor besides PayPal. They aren't the only ones who can process credit card payments.
PS: Obviously Bitcoin is the best solution of all, but of course you should supplement it with other payment options.