@_author: bitsntitts
@_date: 2017-03-05 04:23:06
hahahaha! they are so full of shit!!!! hetres my transcrpit after they stole 10 btc from me 2 days ago! They are snakes! Im going to find a way to sue them. Already have a lawyer looking into what can be done. 	Hi Kelvin,
Our payments department have deemed your documents as legitimate and an attempt to falsify your details.
The winnings are therefor confiscated and the last deposited amount left in your account.
Please request a withdrawal and we will process it and close your account.
Best regards,
Support Hero
Hello. How may I help you?
Kelvin Carranza
this is kelvin c carranza
Kelvin Carranza
I am not happy with the outcome of this in which has taken place and I just feel like there must be a way to resolve all this ... I heard a lot of good things about your casino so why is this happening to me? I am willing to do anything you guys ask of me . I will even settle for a smaller amount in which i think would be at least fair but please dont steal from me guys
As mentioned, the decision is final. There is nothing we can do. You sent us a false document, which is fraud, so there really is nothing more to it.
Kelvin Carranza
but the document was not fraud i swear to you
The decision has been made and it is final.
Kelvin Carranza
I dont understand why you guys arent willing to play fair
you guys had no problem accepting all the money i deposited
I am ready to withdraw the 50 mbtc so you can close out my account but I am going to pursue the money i am owed still. this isnt fair gaming and i dont want anything extra just fairness
I have opened your account. Please make the withdrawal and after that, your account will be permanently closed.
Please confirm the cashout address via the email you received so we can process the withdrawal.
Kelvin Carranza
i deposited .4 btc on the 22nd and all you are giving me a 50 mbtc ? wow. you guys stole my 10000mbtc chris... the least you can do is give me back what i deposited
so unfair
We are giving you back your last deposit.
Kelvin Carranza
why wouldnt you give them all back since the deposits made werent ever going to benifit me what was I depositing for chris?
I spent 500 dollars yesterday in your casino because i thought there was a chance at winning money but there wasnt even though i did win. i was dumping money into your casino for absoloutly no reason
Again, please verify the withdrawal address.
I cannot process the withdrawal otherwise.
Kelvin Carranza
i am doing the best i can
its funny how urgent you guys become all of a sudden when it took me 24 hours and all for nothing in the end lol geez
ok done
I have now processed your withdrawal and closed your account permanently.
Kelvin Carranza
i submitted a complaint with askgamblers.com so youll hear from them shortly goodbye support zero
sorry. i meant hero
