@_author: bittyboyboo
@_date: 2015-12-31 04:03:44
Uphold.com is the only thing to use to do btc/fiat for free.
@_date: 2015-12-31 05:11:23
check out airtm.io-- they let people go from money in their bank to dollars or euros or bitcoin in the cloud.
@_date: 2016-06-15 22:48:25
This is awesome!  We've been zinging these around on our slack channel all day. Very cool.
@_date: 2016-02-19 06:05:35
As long as Uphold is solvent and transparent (check and check), who cares if they are holding VOX (or turkey sandwiches) on both sides of their ledger.
They are an innovative company trying something new--if they can make VOX work on their platform like they do bitcoin, then that's really something. If it doesn't work, they didn't lose much in trying something very cool, something that feels like it's from [Snowcrash]( a virtual currency for purchasing virtual content.
Uphold's always been out in front with new stuff. They were the first to point out that bitcoin volatility was a barrier to mass adoption and to offer a way to instantly and for free convert from bitcoin to fiat.  Great!
Then they added fifty other currencies and precious metals. Awesome!
Then they connected to bank networks around the world. What's not to like?
Then a bunch of apps are built on top of their API that seem cool. Very nice if you happen to need those apps.
Now they're going to try to connect their system to another cryptocurrency with an eye toward supporting all sorts of value because they aspire to be the Internet of Money (Trademark LOL). Will VOX work? Who knows? But it's a cool idea. Any kind of value you want in the cloud is a very cool idea.
All the mud throwers seem to overlook the fact that this is a serious company with experienced management trying to do a bunch of cool new things, all of which are intended to disrupt banks and finance in general. These guys are not Paycoin pump n' dump. They are not Zcash or Gox or Neo &amp; Bee.  
At least nothing indicates that they are anything but legit, serious, loud-mouthed to be sure, and hell-bent on becoming the next big thing.
I use Uphold. I like Uphold. But I've got no reason to pump up Uphold. I'd use a competitor if it were just as easy, cheap, and did what I wanted. 
Instead of throwing mud, we should all hope a thousand Upholds bloom, because they might just be the bridges that consumers need to cross into bitcoin and leave central banks and fiat behind forever.
@_date: 2016-02-14 17:06:53
OP is a Redditor for 12 hours, but sounds like a long-time and serious Uphold hater. Wonder why? 
Uphold is an awesome service and I use it to move money from my UK bank account to my UH wallet to buy BTC. They are the cheapest and easiest way to buy and sell BTC that I've found. What's cheaper than free? What's faster than instant? 
There's enough legit Garza/Gox action in cryptoland without bad-mouthing the only company that publishes what they are doing in real-time. OP--you sound like the insolvent (and butthurt) scammer.
@_date: 2016-02-25 05:07:51
Uphold listening to trolls and trying to appease them-- bad/futile strategy IMHO.
@_date: 2016-05-06 05:05:41
I feel bad for him. It's like those nightmares where you've done something so stupid and terrible and you can't go back and you can't go forward and you can feel the world pointing, laughing, and calling you a psychotic asshole forever.