@_author: bittunes
@_date: 2014-11-01 04:00:21
P2P file sharing, historically made a few key strategic mistakes. The first was allowing unregulated copyright encumbered music to be shared, triggering the inevitable shit storm of law suits from the Record labels and Movie industry, (this ended up crippling the movement).
Secondly, there was always a massive problem with 'free riding' because there was inherently little or no incentive for users to upload music on these platforms. In fact there was a disincentive, because it was uploading that became the crime as far as copyright 'Piracy' was concerned. So we had too many downloaders and not enough uploaders, so the systems never achieved proper health. 
To fix these problems, and to fix P2P file sharing, we need to make sure that no 'illegal' music is shared, and this should be do-able, because there is a massive amount of great independent music being made that needs to be discovered, and the creators own 100% of the rights, so there should be no problem. (we will also develop systems to allow appropriate rights splits for Indie Record Label content soon).
We also need to incentivise uploaders, and what better way is there to do that than allowing them to earn money by being the distribution channel. This is kind of 'payment for services rendered', because these uploaders have the cost in bandwidth etc, so they should be reimbursed. 
So.. in the end, why we have created a split in percentages of royalties primarily between Artists and Fans, is because this is the key and most meaningful partnership. Let's make it a win/win for Artists and the Fans who support them.
@_date: 2014-11-01 02:51:05
As far as we can tell, peertracks is essentially another alt-coin. We don't believe that this kind of alt-coin is the right way to go, because they are typically not created with scarcity in mind (unlike Bitcoin). Which means, many people will be buying into something that will never appreciate in value, and even if 'whatever coin' is in demand, the buyer has to find someone else to trade it to, to be able to recoup anything. 
Also, collectively, all these alt-coins will be subject to 'power law' distributions, (some might be popular, but many not). So, its easy to see that over time, inequity and loss will be common, and successes more and more scarce in relative terms.
We thought very hard about supporting different alt-coins as well as Bitcoin in Bittunes, but over time we realized that with all the fragmentation going on in this space, it was more important than ever to stay with Bitcoin only. We believe that this offers the best outcome for all the Musicians and their fans involved in the Bittunes community.
@_date: 2014-11-01 03:01:13
We had the same thought right back in the beginning of May 2013 when we secured the bittunes domain name. However, the reason we proceeded with it was because someone else would have grabbed the domain and probably done something less meaningful with it. Also, the word 'bit' as in 'bits and bytes' has been around for a long long time and has a meaning that predates Bitcoin. 
Also, in terms of 'branding'.. the best brands have their core concepts easily understandable by looking simply at the name, and we felt that this was likely to end up being the case with bittunes. 
@_date: 2014-11-01 03:15:26
It will soon.. we promise :)   
We are just trying really hard to make sure everything is right and the value is strong, before we throw it out there. You can grab the app easily if you join our Beta testing community. I invite all of you here to join and start playing with the app. 
@_date: 2014-11-01 04:11:34
Artists without distribution, and discovery, will make nothing... The Fans must be part of the 'success equation'. But, this only works on a platform that is not selling music as a 'sunk-cost', the ones that are only selling music as a sunk cost are: Tunecore, CDBaby, Bandcamp, iTunes etc 
An 'earning' platform like Bittunes, which 'montetizes the exchange of digital data' is all about finding the right balance, and creating natural incentives for Fans to drive engagement in the Artists they love.
@_date: 2014-11-01 04:38:22
The 'distributor' (in this case) = the Fans.. i.e. that's not 'middle men' that's end users. :)
@_date: 2014-01-21 08:55:34
Nothing worthwhile doing, is ever going to be easy... and from our point of view, its not a horse race, its about getting it right. In fact after a lot of work through 2013, attendance at one Bitcoin conference (San Jose) and sponsorship at another (Singapore), plus many months developing a web service and Android app, we are well on the way. (a recent interview recorded on the 15th of January sketches out the context and aims of the project...  ) More to come soon. 
@_date: 2014-11-01 04:49:20
As mentioned below, this is not understood well if you are thinking of it as an 'apples for apples' comparison with other music services that offer music for sale without offering an earning capability for users. We believe that the best solution for problems in the music industry is to reinvigorate the relationship between Artists and Fans, and this is best done by acknowledging the key role fans can play for Artists, and to reward them for this.
A 90% royalty of a track that only a few fans buy is not as lucrative for an Artist as a 50% or 40% royalty that is driven by the purchases of many fans who are sharing in that Artist's increasing fame and success.
@_date: 2013-08-14 13:12:01
No I'm afraid you don't really understand it. You are not simply "profiting from serving the file". Users would be collectively outsourcing their processing power, storage and bandwidth to sell independent music. If bandwidth becomes 'larger' as you said, or cheaper, it simply means they can share in the upload of songs faster and more often. 
"Copyright holders wouldn't go for this"? Is providing your music to Spotify more profitable? have a read about what songwriter David Lowery has to say about Spotify's rates:  In bittunes, the Artist will receive a 50% royalty every time the song is traded on the open network with the other 50% being shared by uploaders, with bittunes receiving 0%. When a song enters one of the top 100's the price will double to $1 and bittunes will take a 20% cut. The Artist will receive 40%. These royalties will be locked into the system, so that whenever that song is traded anywhere in the world, the artist will receive those royalties in almost real-time, and in BTC. 
We are cutting out so many layers of the value chain... that is why it can and will work very well for artists. For sellers, the more bandwidth they have and the more often their PC or device is on, and the more songs they have to trade, the more money they will make. 
We have thought long and hard about this system... not to make money like a Corporate fat-cat, but to try and instigate a massive re-set in the music industry that is very badly needed. 
@_date: 2013-08-14 13:57:19
Founder has invested more than $40k of his own money since early May, no other investors yet, (although talking to many) and small group of people working pretty much around the clock to make it happen. P2P Recommendation Engine project has had much more investment, and more time. This is not about simply building web-services or an app sitting on an established platform, (like 90% of startups) its about needing to have secure internet protocols and new platforms and dealing with nascent aspects of the bitcoinJ protocol that are still being developed and fine tuned by leading bitcoin developers. We are dedicated, and have been willing to back it heavily ourselves.
@_date: 2013-08-14 15:24:30
In conventional music distribution the artists get a fraction and the big labels get the lion's share of the money raised by sales. The user gets a song, that he/she pays for. I'm not interested in being another centralised service, centralisation 'punishes the popular', and this is the opposite of the many many brilliant qualities of distributed computing, (no central point of failure, high availability, fault resilience, scalability, etc etc)
This is the conventional split in the music value chain:  I think that can be improved, don't you?
Record labels typically get 24% of royalties, Distribution gets 63%... and Spotify is lobbying congress et al to pay artists even less.  Spotify is not profitable, its partly owned by the big labels, its a giant ponzi scheme... despite $500m in revenue in 2012, Spotify pays roughly 75% of that to major record labels, and will record an overall operating loss of around $40m [source 
If you can't see that bittunes is removing layers, you are not seriously examining this. and we will most certainly break down copyright barriers, working with a hybrid version of creative commons license, where the artist specifically gives permission for his/her work to be traded. 
I really don't understand why you raise so many bizarre objections? Do you work in the music industry?
