@_author: bitwizecoder
@_date: 2019-04-17 00:47:38
You don't have a cohesive argument. I won't waste time trying to parse it. You can take some tin foil and shove it somewhere near your butt.
@_date: 2019-04-20 20:01:18
I am aware of History. The things you said are all things I have considered. I am not a proponent of Communism or Socialism or Capitalism. I am a proponent of Good and Brotherly behaviour among people. I'm not going to get into an academic debate. We are not here to see who is a better student of history. We all know a good thing when we see it. Do good and refrain from doing evil. Intelligent people of good intent can figure out how to organize their society. If you make the wrong choices your society will suffer. If there is a name for this which ends in -ism let me know. The U.S. military domination of the world is EVIL INCARNATED. The U.S. is predatory and conniving and backstabbing. The U.S. makes deals and promises which it does not keep. Have you ever bought something which looked good in the advertisement but made you disappointed when you received it? I don't want the U.S. and its Western allies to annex Venezuela. America is becoming Fascist and has a ruling class. The middle class is shrinking and the poor are killing themselves with drugs and suicide. And countries which have joined the West are fairing even worse than the inhabitants of the U.S. ... The improvements to society which you attribute to U.S.A. are things which would have happened without U.S.A. (Science and Technology do not need the U.S.A.) When you say Capitalism you really intend to say U.S.A. ... The U.S.A. is not really Capitalist.
@_date: 2019-04-20 01:47:57














I am not accusing the entire white race of being racist. I went to all white schools in America. I met two kinds of people. One group did very well in academic subjects. A second group did poorly in Math and Science. The members of that second group ended up having careers in the military and CIA. Basically their job entails taking advantage of the weaknesses of other countries' people to advance the U.S. ... John Bolton, Elliot Abrams and Mike Pompeo are the leaders of that second type of people. I can tell by their actions and choice of career. These are the evil people (NOT all whites are evil. It's a specific subset of whites in a specific set of jobs in a specific country who are the evil ones.) I'm not stupid. Another thing it is NOT easy to diversify the Venezuelan economy. Even if Maduro was trying to do that it takes a lot of effort to do it. The West had a first mover advantage and they have the ability to print fiat money. The U.S. can print as much money as they want to spend on war and conflict. That is what the U.S. is best at doing. Since your smart tell me why is it that when the U.S. prints money they don't have as much inflation as countries like Venezuela? If I tell you that wolves kill and eat sheep. Does that mean I have a victimhood complex. I can spot predatory behavior in humans as well as in animals. BTW the reason I mentioned brown skin is that I believe that there is a wrong attitude towards people who are disadvantaged either for the way they look or for their lack of money. People who look better or have more money deceive themselves and others into falsely blaming the disadvantaged for their problems. And I do see pure capitalism as being wrong. Society should be able to have a proper place for all its members. It should not promote false ideas about the classes within it and it should not allow foreigners to attack its poor. If there is a U.S. invasion the invaders will shoot at your poor first. That's what they did in Panama.
@_date: 2019-04-18 21:10:48
The fascist dumb ass and the conformist portion of the U.S. population who have government defense related jobs want the U.S.A. to rule the world. To achieve this they discriminate, persecute, deceive, lie, steal, and kill. The reason why all of this is happening is that the U.S. has a metastatic cancerous war machine (a runaway military budget and gungho underclass of young meathead white nationalists/fascists men and government workers who want job security.) They ALSO don't want any other country or ethnic group to succeed at anything. So they undermine foreign governments and pretend they didn't do anything. So they act as if what is happening in Venezuela is a grassroots effort and the U.S. is a knight in shining armour coming in to save them. It's not about saving money on oil extraction. The West doesn't want to share power with a people who are not under their control/hegemony. So, they try to make them fail.
Venezuela has LOTS of oil. The U.S. doesn't want the brown skinned Venezuelan people to use money from that oil to benefit and THRIVE. The Venezuelans deserve to live in their own chosen type of society with its own government structure (which I hope is different and separate from that of the United States of America.)
@_date: 2019-04-14 17:10:14
I suggest you go get a job helping Maduro resist the United States OR find a political movement with no ties to the West and work with them to fix your country.
@_date: 2019-04-14 17:12:34
So what you are choosing then is to keep worshiping the devil because repenting is difficult. If Maduro really is a bad leader then get rid of him without the help of Satan.
@_date: 2019-04-14 17:07:25
We can at least stop being evil assholes trying to destroy them .
@_date: 2019-04-18 18:34:17
I never said the things you claim I said. Your comments are mostly incohesive gibberish. Here is what I believe. The fascist dumb ass portion of the U.S. population who have government defense related jobs in want the U.S.A. to rule the world. To achieve this they discriminate, persecute, deceive, lie, steal, and kill. The reason is that the U.S. has a cancerous war machine (a runaway military budget and gungho underclass of young meathead white nationalists/fascists men and government workers who want job security.) They don't want any other country or ethnic group to succeed at anything. So they undermine foreign governments and pretend they didn't do anything. As if what is happening in Venezuela is a grassroots effort and the U.S. is a knight in shining armour coming in to save them. It's not about saving money on oil extraction. The West doesn't want to share power with a people who are not under their control/hegemony. So, they try to make them fail.
Venezuela has LOTS of oil. The U.S. doesn't want the brown skinned Venezuelan people to use money from that oil to benefit and THRIVE. The Venezuelans deserve to live in their own chosen type of society with its own government structure (which I hope is different and separate from that of the United States of America.
@_date: 2019-04-14 17:26:41
The U.S.A has socialism for the rich and capitalism for the poor. So why are we doing socialism for the rich? ... What it really boils down to is giving you money is good; giving someone else money is bad. It's not a matter of Socialism vs. Capitalism. It is a matter of Good vs. Evil as in Venezuela vs. Imperialist U.S.A.
@_date: 2019-04-14 22:12:05
The US has crony capitalism. But I digress. Just skip the isms. What I think you are really saying is that Venezuela should play by the rules of the game of the West where the West is a cheater and a bully. So I say no. Homies don't play that game. More important than setting up an economic system is to make sure the people creating the system have good intentions and without outside interference from the imperialists who have their finger in everybody's pie.
@_date: 2019-04-14 16:56:32
The USA along with its partner Saudi Arabia has been flooding the oil market to lower the price of oil to put pressure on oil sales dependent countries such as Venezuela. The USA also foments unrest by funding opposition groups within Venezuela. Also, the USA media gives Venezuelans lies about how good the U.S. brand of (so called) Democracy/Capitalism is. The other commenters  which oppose my point of view are most likely CIA paid trolls.
@_date: 2019-04-14 17:40:30
No it's not necessary. It's just plain evil. The system is elitist and our country is not a pure capitalist democracy. It's not even close. It's all about consolidating the power of the the elites at the expense of the regular folks. BTW I hope bitcoin replaces the banks. I hope the oligarchs don't buy any bitcoins. We don't want them to be rich in our new system of money. Power to the people!
@_date: 2019-04-14 17:00:38
It's not just the sanctions. See my other comment above.
@_date: 2019-04-14 22:26:23
His soldiers are not brainless monkeys. If Maduro has a trillion guns he can't shoot them all by himself. His soldiers believe in him. And don't tell me they're all bribed. Because in that sense the opposition is bribed by the US. And if Venezuela plays the game of the West they can be considered bribed too. In the game of the West regular folks become debt slaves. The grass always appears  to be greener on the other side of the fence.
@_date: 2019-04-18 21:57:21
The fascist low intelligence portion of the U.S. population who have government defense related jobs in the U.S. want the U.S. to rule the world. To achieve this they discriminate, persecute, deceive, lie, steal, and kill. The reason is that the U.S. has a cancerous war machine (a runaway military budget and gungho underclass of young testosterone driven white nationalists/fascists men and government workers who want job security.) They don't want any other country or ethnic group to succeed at anything. So they undermine foreign governments and pretend they didn't do anything. As if what is happening in Venezuela is a grassroots effort and the U.S. is a knight in shining armor coming in to save them. It's not about saving money on oil extraction. The West doesn't want to share power with a people who are not under their control/hegemony. So, they try to make them fail.
Venezuela has LOTS of oil. The U.S. doesn't want the brown skinned Venezuelan people to use money from that oil to benefit and THRIVE. The Venezuelans deserve to live in their own chosen type of society with its own government structure (which I hope is different and separate from that of the United States of America.
@_date: 2019-04-18 20:53:36
My impression of you is that of a gungho conformist who prides himself in being a member of the esteemed member of the conformist status quo maintainers in the West. When you speak it is gibberish motivated by hatred of anyone who dares to disagree with your mainstream point of view. You've already directed you venom at me twice and I went along with it. If you don't show some cohesiveness to your remarks I'm ignoring you from now on. I don't need to respond to your vomit. Your comment quotes someone (neither myself nor you.) It's gibberish. What you say fades in and out of cohesive sensibility. Are you sure you are mentally stable?
@_date: 2019-04-19 13:31:19
What the U.S. is doing to Venezuela has very little to do with the economics of oil drilling/fracking inside the U.S. and everything to do with the U.S. and Saudi Arabia, U.A.E. doing economic repression to Russia, Iran, North Korea and Venezuela. Whether the U.S. cracked the secret to fracking or not doesn't matter because the U.S. has a STRONG partner in Saudi Arabia and other OPEC countries. There is NO shortage of U.S. access to oil. The U.S. dollar is the world's default currency (and the U.S. dollar is a fiat currency with unlimited supply.) The dollar is not backed by gold or any precious metal. As a matter of fact it is referred to as the petrodollar because the Saudis are only allowed to sell oil for the dollar. So, the U.S. has unlimited money and unlimited access to oil. The reason you are not seeing this is because you only watch the mainstream media. Try digging in deeper by doing your own research. ฿
You are correct the U.S. doesn't care whether Maduro is a Socialist dictator. But the U.S. cares to dominate every emerging economy country. The U.S. is afraid that if Venezuela becomes rich then the U.S. can't dominate it. And your research will also show you that the U.S. does interfere with the politics of other countries. It does this for the same reason namely to dominate them. The U.S. accomplishes this by funding and giving weapons to opposition groups.
@_date: 2019-04-14 16:46:34
You probably work for the CIA.
@_date: 2019-04-14 17:04:47
Venezuelans are are not little children. The USA is Satan to countries like Venezuela. Maybe the U.S. should stop sending CIA agents to emerging countries  to undermine their governments. How about giving back the Venezuelan gold and cash which the British stooge of the U.S. is steeling from their country by not allowing them to withdraw it.