@_author: bitwhalehunter
@_date: 2015-06-11 11:30:57
They need legal frame to start selling.
@_date: 2015-06-11 17:04:54
And Litecoin !!!
@_date: 2015-06-11 12:18:16
Always send your bitcoins in your own address before send it to someone else. When you use someone else address you don't own the coin so you can't bring the proof that you own it even if you are able to send the coins trough different systems.
@_date: 2015-06-11 11:07:40
Electrical signals are physical but electrons don't travel very fast so the time distortion is insignificant.
Machines are already able to exchange money and many more without human intervention. Those machines are called computers and they do exchanges trough networks using software called "trading bot".
Time travel is also possible but just for the future. You have just to move yourself with a higher speed than the object you refer too and the time will passe slower.
You can also observe the past. Typically the light that come from stars need millions of years to travel to us. So you are looking at the light that was generated millions of years in the past. It is like a telescope for the past. If we can find something like a "mirror" we could see our planet millions of years in the past.
@_date: 2015-06-11 13:13:15
For make a secure bitcoin transaction you need to create a private key. Then calculate the public address from the private key. Then send the bitcoin you bought on the public address you have calculated. Finally send the coin using your private key to the public address you want to pay. Actually most of the wallets do this by themselves and you don't see your private key but it is still encrypted there with your wallet password. When you use a third service wallet you don't have the private key. You are asking the the third party to use the key they hold in order to do what you need.
@_date: 2015-06-11 13:50:07
Consciousness is much more that this. Your definition match with existing machines like computers that process data they collect from various sources. 
As a Consciousness being you have the knowledge of your existence and you can project yourself in the future. You are also able to understand or even invent some abstract conceptions like to hash numbers for sign payments. Which machine can do this ?
For answer if the consciousness need a soul to exist we need to define also what's the soul...
@_date: 2015-06-11 01:14:28
I like this story but it don't help to assess the price variation in the future. We are missing the end of the story.
1. Whales are buying cheap coin from miners, well.
2. Keep the price low by selling some coin on exchanges in order to be able to buy more coin cheap.
What next ?
Plan A:
3. Buy new coin from miners until you have enough bitcoin for your evil plan. Then miners start to sell on public exchanges.
4. Open huge leveraged short positions against the bitcoin everywhere it is possible. (There are many online brokers that offer to buy CFD on Bitcoin)
5. Sell all the accumulated coin from miner at once in public exchanges and trigger the "usual" long squeeze.
6. Close your short position and profit from the situation that you have built by yourself.
What could be the opposite scenarios ?
Plan B:
3. Buy new coin from miners until you have enough bitcoin for your evil plan. Then miners start to sell on public exchanges.
4. Stop keeping the price low by selling some of your coins in public exchange.
5. Wait until the price rise by himself or help it with some long leveraged position on the Bitcoin. 
6. Then when the difference is enough for your ROI target sell the accumulated coins slowly and carefully in order to avoid to decrease the price.
Which plan is better ?
For me plan A is better than B because the guys that perform plan A will break the plan B success condition, to be able to sell the coins slowly at a higher price than the accumulated coins price.
@_date: 2015-06-11 11:41:20
My guess that the right people in the Russian leadership are more smart than you so they didn't miss something that you know but use it as they want.
Anyway I doubt that generate catastrophic event for the US will be beneficial for someone especially in a world where everything is traded in USD. If you want better logic avoid binary thinking as "good or bad".