@_author: bixte2
@_date: 2017-01-31 06:07:21
Litecoin has always been capable of processing more on chain transactions in a 10 minute window than bitcoin, hasn't it?
Litecoin blockchain consists of a cricket riding atop a tumbleweed...it's purpose is to be bought and sold against bitcoin on an exchange... it doesn't actually need a blockchain to do this.
Bitcoin has a testnet, segwit doesn't need to run on a 'live' system for a bounty. The whole purpose of this thing is to fool people into buying litecoins.. I must advise against being the greater fool here...
0 day exploits are often kept for the right time or the right price... potentially exploitable segwit transactions on a network with no volume is peanuts compared to a network like bitcoin with full blocks... think about it... the incentive is not there to use a potential exploit on litecoin...
@_date: 2017-01-31 06:07:13
This is open aggression by one group who have deemed themselves the bosses against those they have decided are their keep.
It is none of my or any one' concern what currency two other parties exchange, in whatever form or amount. The purpose of licensing violence to the state is so it is used to enforce rights. It is an illegitimate use of this license to exercise powers that do not enforce rights. Third parties do not have the right of knowledge or approval of any transaction. So the state does not either.
What a person chooses as money is a matter of conscience. Conscience is the first primal right, so fundamental as that it can not be interfered with. A mind can not be changed by prison terms. Ask Charlie Shrem or Nelson Mandela. Or John Nash.
What a person communicates is also a powerful right. Interference with communication is vile overreach. Modern technology makes interference nearly impossible anyway.
The creation of a money monopoly by power of state is a far bigger harm than even terrorism. (Indeed the mechanism of BIS/USD (petrodollar) hegemony is a direct cause of terrorism.)
We are meant to swallow that forcing a bank-money monopoly is for our good. We will be saved from invisible money! But come on. This defies all sensibility and logic. This is a horror. We must give up rights to privacy, communication and conscience. For what ends really? Do we really believe that banks knowing everything will have saved truck drivers driving into crowds? Self serving nonsense. Or is it more realistic that the monopolists of money desire to maintain and extend their privilege?
Make no mistake, there is enormous extravagant power in monopoly of money. Once a government is loaded up with debt, the slightest pull on the reins via interest rates puts the bank fully in charge of all the menace of government.
So we are being openly aggressed, against the most primal, basic and important rights. For the ends of maintaining power. The most violent and corrupted humans amongst us will save us from immorality and violence.
Thankfully the price of soldiers is very high. And what can be done? Remove the Internet from us? Remove Cryptonote algorithms from human knowledge?
The war is won but the losers already have a long history of fighting freedom all the way down. Much harm will undoubtedly be delivered to persons. But the algorithms will only get better.
