@_author: bizbtjakikmaki
@_date: 2018-05-12 20:08:05
you cant sidechain lightning as far as i know..  
@_date: 2018-05-14 09:09:18
yes.. but you need a sidechain in order for rootstock  to work 
@_date: 2017-07-16 00:02:58
" technical analysis is great for markets that are stable and predictable"  
TA works  on all markets .. difficult or not.    
"What I’m getting at is that most small-time crypto-traders are manual and emotional traders. Poor conditions for any technical analysis strategy to succeed."
actually it's the best usecase for ta to work on.  simple patterns 
"Additionally, the cryptocurrency market is often unpredictable. It’s a nascent market and there’s a continuous influx of small and big money. This, coupled with minimal regulation, leads to pervasive and frequent market manipulation. "
markets are unpredicatble.; no shit sherlock.   
influx of small and big money : like with all markets right?
"though technical analysis can predict price action based on historical data, it cannot predict a human’s motivations and actions"
so  i guess  the historical data was not based on human's motivations and action? lol   much contradiction
" exceedingly wealthy person or orgnization decides to move the market, no indicator or candlestick pattern will give you a heads up"
yo mean  like those big spikes in forex when some  big event happens? somethimes they allign with the event.. sometimes it's just anyone' guess..       like any market?
"Remember when GDAX, one of the largest and most active crypto exchanges out there, suffered a flash crash in June and prices dropped from $319 to $0.10 in an instant?"  
put a stoploss maybe? ever looked at crazy pennystocks?  it's just an illiqudiity problem.
Crypto traders are used to the conditions you seem to find  difficult.    much noobs will  lose their money. like in any market. thats how it  works. 
btw if TA strat doenst work on forex and crypto. it means the strat is wrong.   TA works on all markets, any timeframe, all you have to be is realy good 
just like with anything in life. 
