@_author: bizit524
@_date: 2014-06-21 17:36:48
the point of a dissertation is to learn/ create learning. as stated 2 times previously I did not want to bitcoin but am now stuck with it because the school assigned me late to a supervisor and then he went on vacation for 3 weeks . Which puts me 1 month behind. I have to ramp up quickly and no I don't really know much about bitcoin but yet again stuck with it. I wanted efficiencies in hash cracking . edit: or inherent trusts in wireless networks/devices and keyboards/mice
I would love to do something different but can't 
It's the cards I have been dealt with and have to adjust accordingly 
Most people in the uk have 6 months to do a dissertation along with most of europe from what I have been told. I have from middle of may to august 18th and him being on vacation and me being assigned late I am only stuck now with 2ish months to do it because my school does trimesters and 3ish months dissertation . Not the best/idealistic situation 
I realise i don't know much about bitcoin and have been reading mainly about the ecosystem trying to wrap my mind around that before I go more granular to the actual security 
@_date: 2014-06-21 17:44:05
this was just a general idea I had/ it has not be specifically approved yet. I am toying with ideas while I write my literature review of bitcoin. any other ideas would be greatly appreciated 
Edit: Also I was mainly thinking of 2fa because I have read reports where malware is starting to search for BC and then send them to an address. With the 2fa before you'd be able to send you'd have to enter a 1 time code that corresponds with a number on your phone or something you get via email 
@_date: 2014-06-21 15:40:05
thanks, I shall look into this. As I said about my supervisor while likes it, This was originally not my idea so I don't know much about it. I wanted efficiency in hash cracking  
IMO even if I do my dissertation topic on something I absolutely love. I will end up hating it at the end of 2 months. So I guess I am glad I am not in love with bitcoin b/c i'm pretty sure at the end I will grow very tired of it