@_author: bizzle_worldwide
@_date: 2018-10-31 00:19:30
Awesome! I love having actual conversation about cryptocurrency. So many people are near fanatical about it, and refuse to admit that there may be flaws.
Everything has flaws, and many things have been done before in some way. The sooner we recognize this, and learn from previous mistakes, the better the chance that we can avoid them and create something lasting. 
@_date: 2018-10-31 00:00:32
Right. But that doesn’t make it legally prohibited as a currency. It makes it impractical as a currency. 
You did hit the nail on the head as to why though. All currencies carry transaction and regulatory costs. For fiat and government backed currencies, this administration and cost is absorbed by the treasury, and paid for out of taxes, or by private banks who are required to report on deposits and transactions, and cover their costs through fees or investing deposits. 
Cryptocurrency has yet to develop this infrastructure. Until it does, it’s by its very nature a speculative investment. 
As a side note, it’s actually been fascinating to watch cryptocurrencies go through the same scandals, scams and sticking points as physical currencies/traditional investments have gone through, but at the speed of technology. I’ve seen very little that’s “new” to cryptocurrency besides it’s form. We’ve had merchant banks and corporate scripts and private currencies before. They just tend to get regulated out of existence when forgery, pump and dumps, and redemption blocking threatens to wipe out the wealth of a large section of the populace, and the government steps in to save them and prevent it from happening again. 
Hopefully this isn’t the case with cryptocurrency, although a lot of people lost their shirts recently because of the speculative nature. As a community, we need to be either better about self regulating, or expect to have regulation shoved down our throats. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 22:03:12
Wait. How is it being legally prohibited from being used as a currency? I’ve used it as currency before. 
@_date: 2018-10-30 19:09:14
That’s sort of the point though. 
Capital gains tax should be levied on speculative investments. If you buy bitcoin with USD, hold it, and then convert it back to USD, Bitcoin is not being used as currency, it’s being used as a means of price speculation. 
If you are buying bitcoin with USD, and then using that bitcoin to purchase a car, then it’s being used as an intermediary currency. 
If we could rely on people to correctly report how they were using Bitcoin, this would be a problem that solves itself. However, since this is an obvious loophole that would be abused, and because as you stated there are very few situations where bitcoin is used as a currency, it makes sense to treat it as the speculative investment that it currently is. 
@_date: 2019-01-08 18:09:25
French banks are covered by the FGDR, which is like the FDIC, and covers deposits up to 100K Euro. The scheme guarantees payout of up to that amount within 7 days. 
The theory behind a planned banking run is that if you can get enough smaller people to pull their cash and force a bank collapse, everyone who only had 100K or less (which is most people) will be paid out by the government. Everyone who had more than that will have to resort to private insurance, or they’ll lose some of their deposits. 
There’s obviously a number of problems with this in practical terms.  It requires strong organization, which is difficult. It also requires that your organized base actually has significant savings in their bank account, and that they’re concentrated in a small number of financial institutions. And anyone who uses electronic payments or cheques for rent, utilities, etc won’t be able to maintain that for long. 
Likewise, the government isn’t just going to let upper class people have their deposits wiped out. They’ll likely get bailed out just like everyone else would, which eliminated any government wealth redistribution effect that might occur. 
That being said, even if it fails in its primary goal, if it made a ripple it would send a message that the movement is capable of disruption beyond physical unrest, and that’s something that would make the powers that be concerned. 
Anger is easy to stoke, but fleeting and easy to disregard. If you can translate anger to strategy and complex action, that’s has staying power and a force to be reckoned with.
@_date: 2018-12-29 07:30:41
You’re just straight up wrong about this. You can travel with any denomination of currency, you just need to have a note from your bank explaining it was withdrawn from a valid bank account. 
As long as you declare it, and present the document from the bank, you never have any problems. 