@_author: bj-1
@_date: 2014-01-03 21:43:05
Get a bitcoin address (perhaps from  hold onto the private key, and post the bitcoin address [here]( and you will be a part of the project.   The first block of "Jellcoins" will be distributed to people who sign up.  Ultimately, the plan is to migrate Jellcoins to company shares (for those who want them and submit the proper, timely paperwork).
@_date: 2014-01-03 21:33:04
Announcement:  Bitjell is an attempt to crowd-start a company.  The concept is to use the same "synergy of self interest" model that Satoshi had, with Bitcoin.  
One could "mine" shares of stock and hand them out to participants.  Early participants would get some simply by showing interest.  But ultimately, it would be work, real work, that is the "proof of work" function.
Bitjell follows the same 21 Million distribution schedule.  This isn't a currency.  This isn't an alt-coin.  This is an attempt to do what Satoshi did, only start it 5-years later (to the day), following the same distribution schedule, but instead of the goal being a currency, **the goal is a company**.  Backed by a credit line of 1000 BTC, and welcoming all participants.  Can it work?  There's no business plan (yet), no strategic market analysis, no Boston Consulting Group SWOT analysis.  It's as grassroots as you can get.
Can it work?
See  and for details.
@_date: 2014-01-03 22:40:54
Thank you very much for the links!
I have been very interested in DACs, and have been following it, although I want to read through all the links you provided.  
I'm not sure where Bitjell will go, but I have some ideas.  The main twist I am trying to add to this is to launch with the same distribution schedule as Bitcoin (50 shares every ten minutes, 21M shares max), since it's a proven model.   (This isn't an alt-coin, but it's more analogous to distribution of company shares to those that contribute.... if only the legal restrictions didn't make that so hard!)
We'll organize our team, and see where this goes.  It should be interesting!  And as I mentioned elsewhere, I'm setting aside 1000 Bitcoins as potential debt financing for the company.  So that might help.
It doesn't take much to contribute initially - just sign up!