@_author: bj_chaojidan
@_date: 2017-07-01 08:18:58
Until now the core is still stubborn stubborn, food is not the ancient. Insist on their 1M thinking, trying to hinder the rise in currency prices. Or intended to kill Bitcoin. And their behind-the-scenes is the infamous BS company, and most of the investment to the BS companies are banks, but they do not want to be able to grow and develop a class of people.
In the case of the trend has been, not willing to power down the core development team is still trying to hinder the implementation of the New York consensus. Very few developers try to split the bit by using BIP148 (user-activated soft bifurcation, referred to as UASF) to activate quarantine verification. They advocated August 1 as "Bitcoin Independence Day", on which the BIP148 will be launched and the BIP148 node will begin to reject those blocks from miners who do not support SegWit, pushing these blocks into one Different bit-coin network, so as to achieve the purpose of dividing the bitcoin block chain, split the bit currency.
The New York consensus itself is a product of community political compromise, which caters to the interests of the majority of people in the community, but this support is not unbreakable and is easily influenced by the outside world. Many people who support the New York consensus actually support the isolation verification, is the core development group of iron powder, the reason to abandon the core development team, because the core development team is too arrogant, regardless of the overall situation, do not want to listen to community advice, not Willing to make a little bit of change, contrary to the trend of social development, hinder the development of Bitcoin.
Hard against the New York company, in fact, is the BS company's idea, they either to the bit as their own money, or kill Bitcoin, can give their investors a reasonable explanation of the bank. So there is now the expansion of bitcover, and they slander the most important part of Bitcoin, in an attempt to cross the counting of votes, forcibly split the bit currency.