@_author: bjornmoren
@_date: 2019-12-13 17:44:05
If all miners agree on changing the ledger to remove all coins from from a specific address, then that is what will happen.
@_date: 2019-12-13 16:27:48
Please bear with me, because I don't understand this. Lets say that 100% of miners agree to change some aspect of the BTC implementation. Then who can stop them? And why would the BTC be devalued by that action, unless it is something that hurts its general reputation?
If I'm still wrong about this, how is it ever possible to make any changes to BTC, fix bugs, etc? If I'm right, and given that the world unanimously hate one person, why couldn't the miners just take his BTC?
@_date: 2019-12-13 15:50:02
Thanks for the reply. 
But in theory it is possible, correct? It was possible with Ether at the DAO event, so I assume it is possible for BTC as well.
Say Donald Trump has substantial BTC, and there is an overwhelming majority of miners who want to hurt his campaign. What would they need to do?
@_date: 2019-12-14 19:02:32
Yea it's the corner/extreme cases that interest me. I'm pretty sure Bitcoin works perfectly fine for 99.9% of all scenarios. But for example, if a certain public key has been identified with a very unpopular person, some powerful organization could in theory put social pressure on all the miners to never accept any transactions with that public key. Most of the miners would probably feel that they are doing the world a service, and it comes at virtually zero cost for them. As I understand it, miners are only semi anonymous, and can be identified by a powerful organization. 
Who knows, maybe a bulk of the miners already conspire together, as a measure to protect their interests. After all, they collectively have a lot of power. If you ran a node, and really despised a group of people, would you even think twice about blocking transactions from those people, if you could get away with it?
As I see it, this exposes two (small) weaknesses of Bitcoin: The power of the miners as a collective, and the fact that transactions are public.