@_author: bkolobara
@_date: 2018-01-23 23:48:15
The Stellar Consensus Protocol, allowing for decentralisation without mining and a fair decentralised exchange built into the protocol. You can look at the Stellar ledger as a pure mathematical function. It takes transactions and trade orders as input and produces a new ledger as output. Of course this design has drawbacks, like the need for a minimum account balance (1 XLM now) as the ledger space is expensive, but transactions are really cheap and fast in such a system. You always need to pick some tradeoffs.
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:09:45
I started reading the Bitcoin whitepaper and stopped reading when I got to "Bitcoin doesn't require any trusted parties except 2 big mining companies controlling 90% of the hashrate.". 
If you think Bitcoin solved the trustless distributed database problem better by wasting a lot of energy without any benefit then ok, but I disagree.
@_date: 2018-01-24 09:50:56
Yes, it's an open ledger. Lightning has some other drawbacks, like the need to lock up your bitcoin and each hub locking up enormous amounts of bitcoin to provide liquidity. It just depends what you prefer, but every solution has drawbacks.
@_date: 2017-03-08 16:03:07
I would take a professor's opinion over a random guy walking to work:
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:35:43
For me it looks like stellar has the most stable USD value over time and it has enough liquidity:
I always use it as a safe place in times of big volatility.
@_date: 2017-11-11 11:57:13
The problem is that bitcoin doesn't have any instrict value. Someone could price it $2 or $100000 and both would be right. As OP said, when the price was $250 everyone was thinking it's dead. No reason to touch it, as it's going the opposite direction.
Also all the "fundamentals" apply to other forks too. BCH has the same properties as Bitcoin and is 100% compatible with all the software written for Bitcoin. This creates a huge uncertainty. Maybe everyone switches to the other chain tomorrow, should I do it today to make a big return?
That's why I don't invest in Bitcoin, it looks just so fragile and I like my sleep. 20% of the investment disappearing over night without any reason? Just a usual day in crypto.
@_date: 2017-09-13 13:56:27
This is simply not true. Bitcoin transactions can be rolled back. [It has been done before]( and may happen in the future. As every other software project bitcoin contains errors and sometimes it breaks. So we need to roll back stuff to fix it. Nothing bad in it.
We saw also what happened with the DAO and there is no technical reason why the Bitcoin community can't do the same with a specific transaction. We just choose not to do it for now. But all this arguments in the community may break the community in multiple groups arguing that in the future we should roll back a specific transaction if it means to save bitcoin.


No banks, but miners still do need to approve it. And if you decide not to pay an adequate fee to them they may decide to never include it. This introduces a third party into the system. Contrary to cash, where there is literally no one. So it's not fair to compare it to bitcoin.


[Again, not true.]( Governments can't modify the ledger, but they still can apply the [$5 wrench attack](


What does stateless even mean here? The whole idea of bitcoin is based on state. I assume you are trying to sound more sophisticated by using as many words as possible.
I see the value of bitcoin, that's why I bought it. I just don't get why people like to make false statement and present it as something it's not. Makes everything look more fishy and ponzi-like.
@_date: 2017-09-13 09:57:48


It would be great if you had some data to back up your claims. The FUD spread by banksters is nothing compared to yours.
For me BTC is just an investment. If some Chinese exchanges shut down, the price will fall and it will turn out to be a bad investment. Nothing more. Seeing the title of this thread, I can tell that 99% of people that hang out here think the same. Only the price matters. There is nothing magical about it, just some entries in a distributed database secured by China miners. Thinking that it is somehow a more fair system and that it will hold value after everything else fails is unlikely.
@_date: 2017-09-13 10:54:36
That's accurate, it's my opinion. You say it as if it was a bad thing. I would love to hear the opinions of other member in the community too.
I implemented from scratch and run bitcoin mining pools in the past so I believe I understand the "greatness" into the smallest details of the protocol. But just in case I missed it, would be great if you could enlighten me. Why do you consider it to be trustless?
I think that bitcoin has some good properties that allow it to work in a decentralised environment, but its far from being trustless. If there was no trust involved we would not have all the time arguments about block size, segWit, lightning, ... Would be great if people started backing up their comments with some explanation. Like this we run into a risk everyone calling it great and awesome, but nobody really knowing why.
I own bitcoin, because I believe the value will go up and I will be able to exchange it for more USD than I used to acquire it. But I also understand that there is nothing magical about it. It's just a "good enough" technology for now.
@_date: 2017-09-13 10:33:00
How am I wrong? I didn't even talk about the inflation. Your response is out of context.
And it's also not true. A statement like "The big thing about Bitcoin is that inflation isn't possible" is just false. Of course it's possible, why wouldn't it be? We just decide not to put the unlimited inflation code into the bitcoin core software. SegWit was also not possible (part of the protocol) until we agreed to add it. Many people were against it, and even more will be if we propose to add an unlimited inflation. But the protocol can be changed. Even the block size may be increased. Doubling the issued bitcoin is even simpler than doubling the block size. In the end you depend on humans and they can act against your interest.
My point is that bitcoin is less resistant to apocalyptic scenarios than USD, EUR and the rest. Until today I didn't hear a good argument why it should be better to hold btc when everything else collapses. Most people don't understand how bitcoin works and try to simplify their responses by saying that "math" is keeping it secure or other nonsense.