@_author: bktj600
@_date: 2013-05-11 13:26:27
I wonder if the vault insurance policy would cover digital currency theft...
@_date: 2013-05-11 13:24:34
It looks like the data insurance policies are fixed-maximum-rate, and being that the value of Bitcoins is highly volatile, you can either get back a fraction of what you have, or make some serious bucks if the market collapses. The insurance company would just be acting like a speculator, making one helluva Forward rate speculation bet. The premiums would have to be ungraciously high to hedge losses.
@_date: 2013-05-11 13:13:22
I've been researching Bitcoins for a paper I'm writing in an economics class, and so far I've found that due to the high volatility of the Bitcoin market, it's difficult to be a "bank" for the currency.
What happens if there's another crash like in April? It was caused by the influx of new accounts opened likely due to the Bitcoinbillionaire gifts (what kind of product doesn't see an increase in sales if a positively-related story hits the front page?). If there's a bank run on a traditional bank (in the US)  that's dealing in Bitcoins, and they only hold 10% reserves then re-invest the other 90%, and also hold the same amount of cash, they would be put out of business the first time there's a bank run with huge accounts to re-imburse. Would people be trying to pull out their Bitcoins or try to get them traded for cash, since they already accept the currency and likely have cash reserves as well? No bank would bite unless they had some protection like they do with US dollars and the FDIC.
Based on my research of the dollar, the only way I can see a "Bitcoin bank" coming to fruition is if the digital currency is pegged against another currency such as the dollar or renminbi (yuan). Or, a central Bitcoin bank is created that can buy and sell bonds and manipulate interest rates to regulate the amount of Bitcoins in circulation, but then the Bitcoin would lose its "unregulated" title. Not trying to be a "It needs to be controlled" advocate, but if you can't confide in a currency not losing half its value the day after you accepted payment from someone in it, you're going to have doubts trying to make a living using it versus the dollar or yuan.
@_date: 2013-05-11 13:16:38
But insurance companies are sometimes venture companies. I've been told by an entrepreneurship professor to look into securing business loans from insurance companies if banks aren't interested.
@_date: 2013-05-11 13:28:53
oh wait, they already do. but, they'd be on a forex trading floor if they were already speculating currencies, so the major forex markets would have to start trading Bitcoins as well for insurance companies to start getting involved.