@_author: blackenedgem
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:52:05
That's rather contradictory don't you think? You say that bitcoin can handle whatever is thrown at it, but only if it implements a completely different scaling solution. I don't think anyone is against second levels, but they should build on a solid first layer rather than being used to prop up a failing first layer. If you're asking us to be 'patient', then it sounds like bitcoin can't function until we replace it with an entirely different scaling model. At that point it's not really bitcoin since you can't use bitcoin on it's own, but have to go through a second layer (of which there are maybe 1 or 2).  
I'm not sure how bitcoin cash is suffering a horrible death at the moment. It's price has been relatively stable after its huge jump, and all transactions are processed in the next block. Even with the wait for an EDA after a DA, the wait is at most a few hours. That seems better than having to wait days for a backlog to clear (or use an exorbitant fee).
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:20:12
I'ld prefer to be in a slightly unfair mining pool than run a failing VC company.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:20:02
Ah, so you literally have no decent argument to refute what I said. Bitcoin was revolutionary when it invented PoW and the blockchain, but that doesn't mean it still is. Instead of striving forward and making progress the 'hundreds of developers' have instead managed to do pretty much nothing except tack on a horrible kludge (also in the worst possible way - a soft upgrade). 
It's quite telling that you mentioned lots of other currencies, since bitcoin has been beaten by lots of other currencies. If you want privacy/anonymity you choose Monero. If you want a tweaked bitcoin you choose Litecoin. If you want the original bitcoin you choose bitcoin cash. The list can go on and on. The only thing bitcoin currently has is it's history (thus some inertia) and high price/market cap, but apart from that I can't really think of a single reason why I would want to use it as a currency.
Edit to respond to your edit: 120 sat/byte is still extortionate. The backlog is not a spam attack, but is instead a keynesian beauty contest caused by insufficient supply (blockspace). It would cost too much for a malicious entity to drive up the price, but it's easy for the price to inflate when everyone has to compete for a very scarce resource (funny how that's blockspace now, not bitcoins).
@_date: 2017-08-28 18:19:48
What does bitcoin want to deliver then? You can't use bitcoin for everyday transactions due to the high fees, so you can only really transfer large amount of money. If you want the privacy and freedom to use a currency without a government then you should probably use Monero.  
At the moment bitcoin is a highly volatile bubble used by investors that could collapse at any point. It may have a high market cap, but that's only useful if people can actually use it. If you restrict the use case to only high value transactions then you don't have a currency that everyone can use, but a currency for the few. 
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:17:13
But bitcoin right now can't handle whatever is thrown at it, fees were exorbitant a few days ago. Some people on this sub blamed it on bitcoin cash for stealing hashpower, but to me that counts as 'whatever is thrown at it'. Bitcoin should be able to survive and process transactions even if a large amount of hash power leaves (imagine if a government co-ordinated a large scale mining shutdown). _Strangely_ bitcoin cash managed to handle a low block rate because it had a sufficient block size, but even a minor decrease in hashpower caused bitcoin's fees to skyrocket to completely unusable levels, since the block size is ridiculously inadequate. Even with hashpower at decent levels again and the backlog at a lowish level, there are still a lot of transactions waiting to be processed.
@_date: 2013-05-19 13:01:14
This explains a lot, thanks!
@_date: 2013-05-21 17:10:03
So much faster, not to mention reliable and tamperproof. Was the writer on crack or something?
@_date: 2013-05-18 14:26:25
And once again I am kicking myself that I didn't invest earlier. But well played to those that invested near the start. 
@_date: 2013-07-04 16:24:12
