@_author: blacklistedbitcoins
@_date: 2013-11-19 03:32:32
I started BlacklistedBitcoins.com as a result of hearing about people getting scammed and robbed via Bitcoin. Legitimate businesses being hacked and Bitcoins being stolen.  Malware like Cryptolocker encrypting peoples files and trying to extort bitcoins from them.
The Bitcoin block chain is a public ledger of every bitcoin transaction so if a Bitcoin Address has been identified as being used to extort money from people such like the malware Cryptolocker then the victim of the crime by reporting this and blacklisting the criminal can render the stolen Bitcoin to some degree useless.  
I have no interest in tracking anyone or centralizing bitcoin.  It goes against the distributed &amp; decentralized foundation it was built on.
My service is 100% opt in from victims of theft or extortion and its not forced on any one or any business its all voluntary.  If a person or business had their bitcoins stolen or they have been infected with malware like Cryptolocker they can report the suspected Bitcoin Address to us.  The person reporting the crime will have to be able to prove they were robbed or scammed.
When we are satisfied that a reported Bitcoin Address was used by a criminal we will add it the blacklist.  
So that in the future any legitimate business or individual can query the black list with an address they intend to trade with and see if it has been black listed and used in a crime in the past.
It will always be at the persons discretion if they want to do business with a "tainted" address as one person called it. Just because its blacklisted does not prevent the btc's being traded in the p2p network. 
From a legitimate business point of view, businesses that want to get into Bitcoin and start trading are expected to comply with anti-money laundering &amp; know your customer legislation.  How would it look if a legitimate business was  trading and/or providing products, services or currency to bitcoin addresses that were or had been associated with some malware extort or robbery.  The legitimate business could lose their livelihood and people just trying to earn a wage and get by would be out of a job.  If Bitcoin is to become widely adopted by businesses around the world then the bitcoin community has to understand some of the laws these businesses have to operate by.
 
As an individual BTC trader, I want to be sure that when not buying bitcoins through an anti-money laundering compliant exchange that I can be assured that I am not trading bitcoins that were stolen or gained through some malware exploit like Cryptolocker.  I don't want to be associated with or complicit in that theft.  I would like to anonymously trade via bitcoin with honest, trustworthy people world wide.
Every BTC transaction is publicly visible.  This transparency is built into the bitcoin network.  All we are doing is making it easy for people and business who have been scammed to log that suspect address so that no other business or individual gets scammed in the future. 
I would love to get peoples views and feedback on this, I have read of many peoples disgust at some form of blacklist for bitcoin addresses that have been used in crimes.  If your bitcoins were stolen or the company that holds your online wallet got hacked and your wallet was emptied would you not want to make sure the criminal who stole them couldn't use them.  
My thinking is that this would increase btc trading confidence in the community and encourage more legitimate business to join the bitcoin ecosystem.  It would make it harder for criminals to exploit and ruin the experience for everyone else.
I'd be interested to see if someone can convince me why the above is not a good idea.
P