@_author: blackberry_manigloo
@_date: 2016-06-13 15:09:41
Well from what I lost, going after someone like T-Mobile...I'm sure the time, effort, and money would end up costing me quite a bit more than what was lost to begin with.
Now....if the price keeps skyrocketing like it is....I may change my tune and have some words with them haha. 
@_date: 2016-06-13 09:12:34
But at least I still have $0.03 cents in there as a reminder of what could've been haha
 And no one can take that away.
@_date: 2016-06-14 00:49:44
I'm guessing he was probably just going through what different apps I had until he saw monies. But he obviously knew enough tech and gadgetry to know to immediately change numbers, emails, notifications etc on various apps so as not to alert me. 
And normally you have to login to Coinbase. But the app, for whatever reason, is not so much the case. Or at least, that's not how it was back then. Maybe it's since been changed. I stopped using them. It was kind of random. Sometimes it made me login, and other times it's still already logged in. But either way when you open the app up, logged in or not, it would kick you to the authentication screen and prompt for the SMS verification code. Which was no sweat since the phone was in his damn hands. 
But even if not the case, it still wouldn't have been a problem to correctly log in. Would just take one quick look at Chrome's saved passwords and he could see it would be one of the 9 or 10 passwords I use for most things. Sheer dumb luck could've been on his side....well it obviously was. Cause that's the only explanation for the clusterfuck of events that transpired. 
But yeah I recognize that it wasn't so much Coinbase's fault. The majority of the blame lies on T-Mobile for improperly handling the theft (and that's saying it politely) when they didn't deactivate and wipe the phone as they were supposed to and informed me they did. 
The funniest thing is though, they successfully blocked ME from accessing that line online haha Because when I would go to my account, it would say "Line Unavailable." Haha So I couldn't even see it was being used. 
It was a million times harder for ME to gain access back to my own Coinbase account after that too. Because they changed the phone attached to it, I couldn't get the SMS verification, and didn't even know what number they were using, so I couldn't get Authy to switch them.....it was a pain in the ass and took forever. 
So honestly, anyone trying to access it from the OUTSIDE....would have a rough time. Like I did...even with it being my account. 
But none of that means jack shit when they have the actual working phone. 
@_date: 2016-06-13 15:05:57
Thank you for your kind words in this time of both excitement for the future of btc, as well as extreme grief and sorrow. Im all conflicted inside haha
@_date: 2016-06-13 14:33:53
The only upside is that at least my hundred dollars worth of ether is still safe in its wallet lol. Maybe one day it'll grow big and strong like bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-06-30 16:07:02
This was a business account, which specifically had that support available. So, yes they could, and said they were. 
@_date: 2016-06-13 15:14:18
In the grand scheme of things you're absolutely right. But in the "self employed Private Investigator who is now also trying to pay their way through law school" scheme of things....it may as well be over 10k. Cause either way...I ain't gots it. 
@_date: 2016-06-13 15:16:24
I thought about it. I turn just about every little bit of extra money or what Im able to save now into btc and ether. It's just not a whole hell of a lot. But some is better than none I suppose! So Im just racing to get as much as I can before the price gets even further out of my reach. 
@_date: 2016-06-13 22:07:02
You most certainly can afford college! I'll let you in on a little secret.....I know of hidden flaw within the blockchain that'll allow me to DOUBLE your bitcoins in 24-72 hours!!! Lol ;) 
@_date: 2016-06-13 16:40:17
Most definitely. Normally my phone's are secured and protected to the max, as I'm a Private Detective and have lots of sensitive data on them. But like I said, this was a brand new phone that I hadn't even finished setting up yet. I had it for a day. 
And all the security in the world can't prepare you for when your cell provider leaves your front door wide open, after telling you they locked it up. There's literally SO many ways for a clever thief to get into your accounts it's ridiculous. Having your phone,even if only for a few minutes, can be plenty enough time to wipe you out. 
Best to anticipate and plan for the craziest scenarios imaginable and any and every possible way someone could gain access...because I'm proof....it happens. 
Just like someone who has a house alarm, car alarm, and is constantly on their guard. One day that false sense of security will bite you in the ass when you forget to lock your car one time with valuables inside....even just to run in for a minute. That's all it takes. Gotta plan for it. 
I definitely learned my lesson in a brutal way. Especially on the anniversary of first buying them, seeing the price literally double...it definitely hurts. 
@_date: 2016-06-13 10:39:06
Oh I know! Trust me, I definitely intend to. Wanna try and get as much as I can during this climb, and see where it goes after the halving. But unfortunately I just paid my soul-and-a-half on school tuition, so "as much as I can" isn't a whole hell of a lot at the moment. But, I'm definitely trying buy what I can when I can. 
@_date: 2016-06-13 10:19:28
Yep. Didn't quite hit as hard when prices werent budging. But now, watching this, and it being days before my birthday when I first got them....yeah, it's a kick to the nuggets. 
Not quite as bad of a kick as everyone who sold off early though..... I'm sure they're kicking them SELVES in the ol' juevos.
@_date: 2016-06-14 01:21:57
That was?? To who? Haha
 Im a Private Investigator who works for himself and is paying his own way through college simultaneously... if 4 bitcoins is a relatively small amount of money, then apparently I've got some pretty low standards lol Cause I'd degrade myself and do unspeakable things for someone to give me that measly 4 btc back right now haha 
I wish I was able to consider that a relatively small amount of money. Unfortunately though...that kind of money, in my life currently, would make all the difference in the world. 
@_date: 2016-06-13 14:26:44
Well it wasn't so much hacked as it was a tech savvy thief, some identity theft and a ridiculous blunder on T-Mobile's behalf (and not the first time they did this to me either.) 
So, not too long after I first got my Coinbase account, my phone was stolen. And this was a brand new phone mind you. So I hadn't even finished setting the whole thing up yet. 
I immediately reported it stolen to T-Mobile, and processed the Assurant or whatever they're called insurance claim, and got a replacement phone in around 3 or 4 days later. (Keep in mind, this was a small business account with T-Mobile and up to that point, was still a fairly new thing to them and they still hadn't quite worked out all the kinks on their business support). 
SO....When I get the new phone in, they were having trouble activating it, saying my phone number was already active. Couldn't figure out why. Long story short....The stolen phone was never actually removed from my account and had been active the whole time. Working phone number and all. 
And of everything on the phone, I wasn't really thinking of Coinbase at the time. 
Anyway, after they sort it out, and deactivate the phone and what not and everything seems handled. I'm setting up Coinbase on my new phone and for some reason cannot login. 
....The authentication phone number had been changed. 
I go into my emails and see that I have no notifications of anything....all that had been changed as well so I wouldn't see anything. 
It took me FOREVER to sort that out through Authy and Coinbase to where I could finally access my account again. And when I finally did, around Christmas of last year, low and behold, my account was empty. The money had been sent through several coin laundries I'm guessing, or junk wallets. 
But anyway, Coinbase never resolved it, T-Mobile said sorry and gave me a prorated discount on my bill for the data they used lol, and I've never heard anything about it again. From Police, Coinbase, T-Mobile or otherwise. 
Long story short.... I had lost around 1600 dollars or so in btc. 
And now, am left crying into my cock shaped pillow because it would be worth close to double that now, and who the hell even knows how much in the coming weeks....just in time for my birthday lol 
How's that for a kick in the gonads? Haha Hold on to your coins tightly gentlemen....they grow up so fast. Tell them you love them everyday. Because before you know it...they could just be gone. *Wiping tears* 
@_date: 2016-06-13 09:10:55
Congratulations. My first foray into the bitcoin world began June 20th of last year, on my birthday, via Coinbase. In that time I managed to amass a respectable 4.785 BTC when the value kept fluctuating between the mid 200's to 400's.
So I'd be jumping for joy with you right now had my account not been breached and subsequently wiped out over Christmas :( 
Yes....you read right...Birthday AND Christmas. And since that wretched day of my birth and day I first dipped my toe in the bitcoin realm is approaching again this week, I like to look at others successes and live vicariously through them...wishing I knew the feelz haha
But I'm happy for you all!
@_date: 2016-06-13 14:43:20
I cried when it got into the six hundreds. Now I want to eat a bullet with it at 718 :'(
@_date: 2016-06-13 16:50:20
I can't even get into my own phone half the time anymore it's locked up so tight haha 
And yeah that was exactly the problem.  When you access coinbase's website, it makes you authorize via email. But through the app, it does a simple SMS, which is literally pointless if someone else has your phone. They're obviously gonna get the SMS verification no problem. But I guess that's them assuming when a phone is stolen it'll be deactivated like it's supposed to haha 
But regardless, had it been both email and SMS, I would've seen the account when it was first accessed. But because it's just a simple half assed 2FA text message, they were able to get in and change everything up without me ever so much as seeing a "was this you?" Email. Their whole app is based on the principle of if you have the phone, you're obviously the account owner, so come on in!!  
@_date: 2016-06-13 16:33:08
You're absolutely right and it's something I've come to learn over the last year....But like I said, that was literally the very beginning of me getting into bitcoin. So going with someone like Coinbase seemed like the best option at the time, as they took a lot of the guess work out of it and made the whole act of buying, selling, trading, and wallet storage simple for a first timer. And it's not like I hadn't anticipated the "what ifs" of if someone got a hold of my phone. It had 2FA set up and would otherwise of been secure....but what I didn't take into account was a stolen phone not being deactivated when it was supposed to, and wide open to just do with as they please... There were fuck ups all around...
And it was a hard learned lesson. 
@_date: 2016-06-30 00:59:14
An idiot for believing my phone had been deactivated, locked and wiped as I had been told when I reported it stolen and asked them to do so? Maybe so. I'm an idiot for many things, I admit. So what's your excuse for being a dick? 
@_date: 2016-06-13 22:23:01
Well good for you. Keep it up. You may not even need to go to college! You'll just be Scrooge McDuckin it into your big pool of digital cryptocurrency haha. 
Just kidding lol Go to school....you don't want to end up like me kid. Coinless and pimping my services out on r/jobs4bitcoins for some extra scratch. 
@_date: 2016-06-14 01:47:26
Yeah I know. You're very right. Hard to keep the eyes on the prize and the grand scheme of things sometimes when it's always feast or famine in the present. 