@_author: blackmarketkarma
@_date: 2015-06-27 00:09:43
Belabor the unnecessary details less, efficacy can produce a more enjoyable and less cumbersome experience. Cudos to you though for actually being your own bank (with the amount of value you held) and taking it serious + implementing the aforementioned security measures etc.. to ensure you'd be able to share this "success" story with us as opposed to the much more common and polar-opposite verbal defecation of whine regarding a loss sustained due to personal ignorance and complacency. 
@_date: 2014-04-15 04:11:11
To address your initial question as to why people post their PGP public address to forums and other places is because this is essentially your public encryption key,  people need this and use this to encrypt messages to you. It's your private key, which under no  circumstances should you  disclose to anyone,  for any reason, that you will use to decrypt the messages that are sent to you encrypted by your public key,  which there are public databases for that include various techniques to authenticate the valid of different public keys (I. E.  if if truly belongs  whom it's States it does). Basically you send encrypted msgs by obtaining your recipient public key and they decrypt with their private and vice versa. Hope that helped. When I get home if you want to go ahead and send me a pm I'll give you my public key and we'll get you understanding. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 04:33:00
CoinRNR is absolutely 110% trustworthy. Over the course of the last three to four months I have placed somewhere between twenty and forty orders via their site...(cash deposit WF, ACH transfer, and recently even credit/debit card processed transactions). I've also had the pleasure of getting to know the site's owner, Mazen, over the course of my orders and their customer service is beyond reproach, a lot of the time you will have your btc in your wallet of choice within fifteen minutes of placing an order. If there ever is a mix-up, you can count on knowing that someone, most likely Mazen, will be on the other end of your support inquiry to answer and iron out any fuzziness/details/issues. I wouldn't recommend any over CoinRnR if you're looking to pay a small premium for convenience..you won't be dissatisfied. Tell Mazen CosmosSurfer recommended you! hah.
@_date: 2014-05-23 04:56:38
Referencing Mt. Gox AKA Mark Karpeles here, way to set the bar a low as it can possibly be set. This is also comparing apples to oranges..one was a multi-million dollar exchange converted from a Magic the Gathering community webspace..which at one time represented over 80% of all exchange volume and the other is not an exchange, is labeled a limited liability corporation, and has countless positive affirmations and high praise regarding their service. NOT E-V-E-N close. And regarding CoinRNR's decision to accept debit/credit transactions...they had to jump through hoops of fire while dancing in order to legitimize their options and I can say that I know for a fact Mazen was well aware of the chargeback risks associated with that payment method but wanted to offer it anyway...and that's awesome. Now of course, there's a higher surcharge than alternative methods of payment but that's to be expected when a smaller middle-man operation with impeccable customer service goes out on a limb to bring an option to their customers rarely offered. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 09:41:15
Yeah, I love Mycelium's implementation of the trading feature. Localbitcoins.com has and still does (to some extent) serve its purpose..but we've needed some additional options/choices for some time now. I honestly wouldn't appoint anyone over the Mycelium guys to do this, their offerings to the community thus far have been excellent. The wallet remains my top choice for mobile.
@_date: 2014-04-29 10:42:45
I currently have over forty coins on my encrypted card from this company.. Obviously with my bip 38 phrase enacted. I also got a wallet card and some of their cards with  pre-written denomination for gifts etc.  I I like how the receiving cards come with the wallet and encrypted choices. Love this purchase to this day. Highly recommended. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 06:42:22
@_date: 2014-04-30 09:10:52
Electrum for osx for practicality and functionality. It's deterministic, which for me,  is a deciding factor in and of itself. 
Hive is another osx exclusive wallet that I use as a hot wallet with no more than five coins at a time. it is probably the most aesthetically pleasing wallet of any of the desktop of offerings that I have seen. Definitely worth at least checking out. It has its own app. store with a Coinbase connection as well as about 10 other apps within the app..it also embraces a social networking element which is cool and kind of neat thing not seen in other wallets, understandably, but if you could utilize and enjoy that aspect then ...yeah.
iOS is tough because of apples position on bitcoin but you can still download the blockchain .info app as well as the Coinbase ipa if you have a developer account you do not have to be jailbroken to run either of those as long as you have signing  capabilities and a developer account or at least a dev. certificate. Another choice for wallets with iOS is Pheeva. It's another  that I would use as a hot wallet only. It's not available in the i-tunes store for obvious reasons but you can get a download link sent to your email which will allow you to install it directly onto your iOS device will not being jailbroken.
@_date: 2014-04-30 13:39:57
I've been using Dark Wallet (Chrome) incarnation for about a week now. It's absolutely terrific.
@_date: 2014-10-11 08:22:25
   will allow you to buy small amounts of btc with a credit and debit card, in the u.s. 
i suppose it depends on what your definition of ‘small’ is…i can sell you btc over localbitcoins, small or large amounts.
@_date: 2014-05-23 04:48:12
If you were/are a member of Snapcard they offered their customers a 99c pizza paid for in btc delivered straight to your door, which I thought was very cool. If you haven't checked out Snapcard, it's just like all4btc but is headquartered stateside and quite frankly, blows the formers customer service out of the water. A small, very reasonable fee to be able to pay for anything you want with btc...oh yes.
@_date: 2014-11-03 11:49:59
I believe Wallet 32 would fit that description…I’ve had a tough time choosing between Wallet 32, which is a HD wallet with my favorite ui, personally..and Mycelium 2.0 HD. The former uses bitcoinj for your purposes, though, it’s also open-source and uses a scrypt pass-code to protect your data. Bip 00-39 back-up.
@_date: 2014-04-30 11:36:20
No problem. =) 
@_date: 2015-05-05 14:26:51
I also purchased 'Bitseed Personal Server: Bitcoin Edition' and received a similar warm reception and reply from customer service when I e-mailed to inform that Bitpay didn't confirm my tx due to be sending 0.00001 less than what was originally shown on the conversion. 
To keep things short, I'd much rather spend an additional $40-$60 to support a project like Bitseed than save the aforementioned to build a DIY version. One thing not mentioned in the review above is that you can simply plug your Bitseed unit into your router via the ethernet cable provided and it will automatically run a script that downloads bitcoind, and continues with the entire blockchain until it becomes a full and active node..definitely plug and play. I also did what Matt said above and plugged it into a mini lcd monitor and dual usb keyboard/mouse..nice little setup.
@_date: 2014-05-23 04:44:30
I think there's an ideological divide that's becoming more and more defined as time moves forward here..and it's really starting to pick up the pace in this regard now. The two sides of this divide are your angel-investor, push it to the mainstream, full integration, money on our minds PUSH PUSH PUSH (i.e. Circle,..) and your crypto-anarchist..which Satashi would have befallen into categorically. The focal points of this group would be decentralization, seizing the ability to be your own bank - ridding oneself of the worthless paper the FED leaks and pumps out without regard for our unsustainable  cyclical economic ebb and flow of exportation of inflation. Community + freedom + the only thing I've ever seen get the big banks shaking in their boots....my .02 anyway.
@_date: 2015-08-04 10:47:24
Blockchain.info , particularly their mobile app has suffered to much better designed OTG/mobile wallets with security and mobility as focal points - not having to spread themselves as thin as blockchain.info does keeping up with the web-wallet, mobile, all their api etc etc..
You've got quite a few to choose from honestly if you're hope is to do better and be safer than blockchain.info..I would recommend:
1. Airbitz (.apk &amp; .ipa) - incredibly well developed, implements libbitcoin source, and has easily the best curated directories available inside the app.
2. Bitcoin (Andreas Schildbach, very good dev. , keeps up with BIPs and is familiar if you've used Bitcoin-qt as it's a fork of the Satoshi desktop client)
3. Bither (.apk, .ipa, as well as desktop client) - I believe the first implementation of a Hierarchical Deterministic Multisig (HDM) but also has the option to be a hot wallet or cold wallet upon install which if you choose cold wallet, it literally will not launch if NFC, Wifi etc is connected, also, if you want to use Bither’s hierarchical deterministic multisignature feature with the Hot and Cold wallet, you will need to have two mobile devices in your possession. Your “spare” device will be running in offline mode and serve as your Bither Cold Wallet, keeping your funds super secure in cold storage - that's not exactly OTG though.
4. Breadwallet (if you're on iOS, not available for Android or desktop)
5. Wallet32 (.apk) - one of my personal favorite implementations of an HD wallet, uses scrypt algo encryption for pin code access at log-in and something I would highly recommend. 
Lastly, it's still in closed alpha right now, but set to take the place of the stagnation of Dark-Wallet's development is Samourai wallet for Android. Incredible features, first of their kind, great dev's and a strong focus of privacy. 
Any of the aforementioned and you're better off than blockchain.info I'd feel safe saying. Hope this helped at least a little bit.
@_date: 2015-08-15 02:04:17
Man, i stopped using Coinbase/Circle quite a while ago, they started looking more and more like a bank and started swallowing start-ups and getting pumped more and more full of VC funding, ergo, imho their ethos and mission statement/goals had to inevitably change to some extent. You can obfuscate your tx's, completely, but it's not something I'd say an average user will be able to achieve without putting major effort into understanding the protocol at a fundamental level. They've got tools like  and a whole lot more at their disposal, block-chain forensics/taint analysis...very real and definitely happening on a macro and micro level - only to evolve from here. 
P.S. I love blockseer.com  ... amazing site/tool (disclaimer)
@_date: 2015-08-05 01:42:18
Thanks, yeah..my bad. =)
@_date: 2015-08-09 14:58:33
coinomat.com | advcash.com ... both also work the opposite way, you deposit BTC and after x confirms they're USD balance on the card and work at the ATM, advcash even has something like a 3k a day w/d limit and works extremely well. Both the aforementioned will buy your btc as well, for spot and in some cases it is nearly instant and with fees nowhere approaching three percent. Coinomat.com also offers different coins other than just BTC.
@_date: 2015-07-10 23:26:20
 with every single provocative post you reveal that A: you have a proclivity toward brutally honest, aptly self-made monikers as 'a bit of sense' seems to be damn near accurate or perhaps slightly generous in reflecting your intellectual capacity to B: have an understanding or lack thereof actual blockchain mechanics and those serving as THE fundamental breakthrough and and easily one of the greatest technological achievements and advancements (solving the Byzantine Gen. problem//double spending of digital money) since Tim Berners Lee and cohorts created the WWW @ CERN in '89. As you belabor your mouth diarrhea it also becomes blatantly clear your understanding of what's been going on in regards to the blockchain, the initial and official stress-tests by coinpayments.eu but most recently the unofficial dust TX spamming by a rogue entity or entities and the aforementioned's affect on potential TX speed/block discovery –  this, all the while a concurrent issue with most lightweight/SPV wallets not having having implemented Mike Hearn's bip 0064 which means they not have the full UTXO (the unspent transaction output set; therefor, an inability to check for double spends). It really is quite telling when the OP has reiterated time and again for you that he holds no quarrel with Shapeshift.io nor does he consider them to have any fault in this unfortunate delay what-so-ever...which begs the question, why is this silly, ignorant, whiff of air –  that's you, perpetuating negativity and seemingly trying to conjure up a problem when once doesn't exist and the ISSUE has been solved. Perhaps next time before you try and have a fit of verbal defecation ... I don't know, just try and be prophylactic and prevent it before it becomes a reality.  What Erik and company has done with Shapeshift.io is a gift to this community, for me, ESPECIALLY when Tether was integrated. It really REALLY has made arbitrage between exchanges – as they exist currently more possible when before that wasn't even a possibility because of deposit wait times etc..Erik has done more to help this space than you can and will ever do. Don't question the man, know your goddamn station, sit down, and shut up.
@_date: 2015-07-10 15:32:55
Shapeshift.io , Erik, support Emily...cannot thank you enough for such an amazing offering to the community with impeccable functionality and customer service. Cheers to 7 new coins as well..
You guys are amazing!
@_date: 2016-02-12 16:15:00
I'd feel safe saying a relatively large majority would disagree, certainly with using 'useless' as an adjective to describe their 'worth' ..particularly after the pre-sale on Amazon sold out, albeit not for long, but the whole "$400 Raspberry Pi" sentiment was a bit silly. 
 
If we measure worth exclusively based off their monetary potential, sure - we're talking about the equivilant of a Antminer U3 Batch 2 beholding a whole 60-70 Gh/s (aka novelty mining) however; if they're enabling new inquisitive minds to tinker with the mechanics of the protocol syntactically and/or conceptually due to what can be achieved with the software tools coupled with the package (many of which are certainly not of the 'fringe' variety) than it's going to be difficult to quantify their value to the community and protocol at large. Have you seen Balaji Srinivasan speak on Bitcoin? Dude is very well-versed and orates with emphasis this isn't about the mining portion of the device - aside from producing some coin to utilize and put to work testing and exploring the limits of the owner's creativity. 
Also, why do you reference 2013, this project was ninja as fuq if anything more than a concept inside the mind behind the creative inspiration. In 2013, sure that hash-power would be been moderately profitable perhaps..but that's well besides the point for our purpose here. 
And this idea is still helping with decentralization of mining, though not as much as we all hoped I think..I mean, he has even partnered with Bit-nodes and it aiding in rewarding full node propagation. ASICs are quite the formidable adversary, especially with BitFury's recent announcement of their 16nm (hydro-cooled) chips. Like wtf...heh..at least Vavilov is going to sell to the public sooner than later...unlike...ahem..some chip manufacturers.
@_date: 2016-02-09 23:39:01
Are you of the impression that the satoshi's hashed/mined via the 21 dev-board are for ANY purpose other than facilitating and showcasing the use-case potentiality of the Bitcoin blockchain? There was never an intention of ROI via hash-power, but certainly if you're protocol conceptualizations are sound and original the meager $400 investment could pale in comparison to what could possibly be incredibly financially viable. Micro-transactions exemplified..enabling transactions that are literally impossible with a CC/ACH/remittance/etc..just the use case of tipping journalists for articles read/enjoyed, short films, independent artists generally is enough to be in awe of, at least for me. That's not even encroaching on some of the most interesting things I've heard discussed, i.e. very very soon when Amazon and other companies begin delivering goods via drones and inevitably needing to "borrow" the airspace in and around your home and immediate property - well, every-time, pay the toll delivery man err. robot..think of the the implications for property rights.
@_date: 2015-04-15 05:28:54
CP sites presumably and unfortunately most likely do accept BTC and potentially other online digital currencies, especially those offering more than what Bitcoin does with pseudonymity - often times incorrectly masquerading in the mind's of the uninformed as a completely anonymous currency. That said, and while it will probably reflect poorly on BTC more so than the currency that's been used in the most CP related activities and offenses, period, hands down...the good ole' U.S. dollar...CP..not to mention illegal drug traffic, firearms and weapons, and even sex traffickers. Link the aforementioned to BTC, okay, it's an online digital transfer of value, you'd be hard-pressed to find things it hasn't been linked with at this point. But it and the amount will never come close to fiat, dead presidents..particularly Mr Benjamin. 
@_date: 2015-04-09 04:07:23
@_date: 2015-09-03 01:10:56
Anyone that had a keen interest and followed/used DW in their btc privacy toolkit - I would strongly recommend becoming an alpha (if a spot is available) and if not, following the Samourai Wallet project currently in development for .apk (Android). It has privacy features not seen in any other wallets available publicly today and a very active/ambitious developer. You can check the project here..     some of the privacy features are: Randomized change outputs, deterministic inputs/outputs positioning, avoid linking previous change outputs, Tor and VPN Support and a lot more in the pipeline..it also has Shapeshift.io conversioning built into it, similar to Coinomi.
@_date: 2015-04-10 10:58:14
There is no question that Primedice is legitimate regardless of the metric at which legitimacy is being judged. They've paid out over 2k, yes 2000 Ƀ to one player, finding out after the fact that he was working an exploit. The site has been consistently paying out without incident since its first iteration years back. If i play dice, which I do occasionally, I don't think twice where to play - definitely PD3. Nice win and smart move getting your coins out while you were ahead.
@_date: 2015-04-01 19:38:58
There is actually a LibertyX app. for iOS...
@_date: 2015-09-03 01:05:46
Well, it was in the alpha stage of development and every new iteration did come stamped with multiple disclaimers regarding potential functionality issues..
@_date: 2015-11-18 17:07:25
I bought two $400 Raspberry Pi's the first day pre-orders went live on Amazon and it appears that quite a few others did as well since they sold out. Just curious if the ones providing the aformentioned advice have spent any time at all listening/watching Balaji Srinivasan speak on the device, his thoughts regarding it's potential implications for aiding and maintaining mining decentralization, microtransactions and the seemingly limitless use cases (particularly regarding airspace property rights, yes, airspace, like above and around your home and etc..you know, where within a year's time Amazon's droids will be flying over/around/behind to deliver goods to consumers..well, there's potential huge ramifications for property rights/value and these payments would almost certainly be micro and automated in nature)..or just paid any attention at all to the guy's genuine interest in the protocol? I'll even go as far as to say that to me it came off as an altruistic passionate interest as opposed to a money-grubbing bankster-esque vibe. I've been wrong many times in the past and I know I will be many more times in the future though, just my two bits.
One thing that can be said with certainty, a desire to turn profit with the hash-power accompanying the little guys was never the motivation. Maybe three or so years ago..
@_date: 2015-03-22 12:50:39
Like where is Electrum on your computer once downloaded and installed? The pathways? Or where do you obtain a copy? Electrum.org ... wiki 'Shamir's secret sharing' to get a better understanding of the notion of splitting one seed or one private key etc..can all entail. Personally I love the option, because it leaves room for human error - which I am quite capable of..and you can choose how many pieces (s) is divided into and how much of those pieces (n) you want to be required to re-construct. Any more questions, dont' hesitate to ask. =)
@_date: 2015-11-18 14:56:11
I bought two $400 Raspberry Pi's the first day pre-orders went live on Amazon and it appears that quite a few others did as well since they sold out. Just curious if the ones providing the aformentioned advice have spent any time at all listening/watching Balaji Srinivasan speak on the device, his thoughts regarding it's potential implications for aiding and maintaining mining decentralization, microtransactions and the seemingly limitless use cases (particularly regarding airspace property rights, yes, airspace, like above and around your home and etc..you know, where within a year's time Amazon's droids will be flying over/around/behind to deliver goods to consumers..well, there's potential huge ramifications for property rights/value and these payments would almost certainly be micro and automated in nature)..or just paid any attention at all to the guy's genuine interest in the protocol? I'll even go as far as to say that to me it came off as an altruistic passionate interest as opposed to a money-grubbing bankster-esque vibe. I've been wrong many times in the past and I know I will be many more times in the future though, just my two bits.
One thing that can be said with certainty, a desire to turn profit with the hash-power accompanying the little guys was never the motivation. Maybe three or so years ago..
@_date: 2015-10-11 21:32:22
Used them and Gyft countless times and always received the card within 2-3 minutes. 
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:33:54
 : please explain to me why you think you hold/own your privkeys that you deposit to on Cryptsy...? Because you dont.
@_date: 2015-03-21 09:32:35
Split an airtight generated Electrum seed with a (2)=5 (or whichever suits you) via Shamir's Secret Sharing. Basically the threshold scheme where any (k) of the divided parts are sufficient to reconstruct the original (seed). Put one piece in a safe, give one to a close friend, one to your Mother or Father, etc...
@_date: 2015-10-16 01:06:43
It says invite code required? 
@_date: 2015-10-12 06:31:04
Successful troll is successful. Stop enabling him.
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:31:48
Been using Cryptsy for years and have never experienced anything shady, or at least behaviors or attributes I would say are consistent with shady dealings. They're certainly not my favorite alt-coin platform to buy/sell but seems like Vern is generally trying to make improvements (albeit a snaillike speeds) and the sheer amount of alt-offerings alone almost puts them in a league of their own. To be clear, 90% of that variety is shit copy and paste fork coins but sometimes Cryptsy is the first/only exchange to give an actual new/innovative coin a shot and/or the only exchange offering volume of a particular crypto.
All that being said, sorry for what youve experienced OP ..