@_author: blackcompany400
@_date: 2017-10-26 05:03:14
I'm going to take a break I can barely keep my eyes open. Read through your Wikipedia article, have a feeling I'll have to do that a few times to really let it sink in. Just wanted to say thank you for taking the time and answering my questions. I have a thousand more but I learned a little bit from what you posted and that's a win in my book. :) 
@_date: 2017-10-26 04:41:46
I'm curious if you have time and could read this and give your take on this? 
Now granted this is an article and is heavily edited as a result, but some of those quotes I just naturally turn my nose up at. One of the bits that intrigued me was a screenshot of Starmaged (guess he was a mod here at some point) explaining that there is a greater reason to why moderation is the way it is here. I'm curious what that overall philosophy is I guess.
Also I'm not trying to do a hit job on Theymos, I know next to nothing besides a few quotes by the guy. Just trying to square how I generally feel about censorship of any kind with this subreddit's policy. I'm sure Theymos is totally reasonable, didn't intend to put out there that he wasn't. If that's the impression I apologize.
@_date: 2017-10-26 04:21:22
Yeah I can definitely see that, reading some of the old threads you can almost pinpoint where the community fractured because of the language used. 
I've read the consensus bit before and I think I understand, but there's a hold up for me. Who, How and when do we decide consensus? I can foresee a situation where a good "upgrade" is in the works but people either do not know about it or have a slanted view on it because communication on it is limited. So does consensus mean literally once it's accepted on the network? Or is it more of a general community support type thing?
@_date: 2017-10-26 04:33:38
That obvious huh? 200+?! That's a huuuuuuge jump from the impression I got reading the other subreddit. Reading the stuff I've read you would maybe assume 10 or less on the core team, with an emphasis on Blockstream. Which I haven't read much on I assume it's another company/exchange in this space.
Is there a specific person you reference when you say dictator? Or is that a general just "centralized oversight". I will say regardless of what subreddit someone subscribes to Roger Ver does not come off as a pleasant person, at least as far as I've seen.
I'm trying to find the right question to ask. I guess what are we protecting with this mod ruleset? Is it bitcoin? The reddit? Is it future perception once more people discover this subreddit and bitcoin? Is it all of the above?
@_date: 2017-10-26 05:11:16
Oh wow, even as new as I am Craig Wright 100% didn't "feel" right as Satoshi. I first thought it was a pretty clever marketing ploy but I've ended up thinking it was gross considering who is likely to be Satoshi. Taking on the identity (even if a pseudonym) of someone after they've passed is pretty repugnant. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 04:51:04
Awesome! I'll read through that right now.
I'm curious do nodes come into this at all? I started up and currently run a bitcoin core node right now because other users were really harping on it. Then I saw a few users claiming that it didn't make much of a difference. Who is right there? 
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:51:13
Yeah bud no problem, I'm right there with you. Just so much noise at such a high volume. Think it'd benefit bitcoin greatly if more care was put into the Bitcoin Beginner subreddit as well as doing a better job of directing new users that way.
It's tough diving into something completely new and revolutionary only to find out that you also need to find solid footing on the community you are trying to learn from.
@_date: 2017-10-26 05:01:17
Any idea on why everyone turned on Gavin then? Maybe bad way to word that. Just remember him also being part of the early team. From what I've read on him (Digital Gold book, it was awhile back) he didn't sound the type to want to install a dictator over Bitcoin, thought 100billion market cap I'm sure changes things.
@_date: 2017-10-26 04:16:49
I get that for other cryptocurrencies like Ethereum, but isn't there some merit to talking about splits from the original bitcoin chain, especially when there's lively, contentious discussion surrounding it? There's no shortage of segwit2x threads (and I get that, it's seen as a threat to original bitcoin), which tells me that splits can be talked about, it's just a matter of how much they relate to the original chain. It just feels like a foggy line that I'm not sure has to be there.
Sorry if this isn't coming out great, pretty late where I am and I'm low on sleep. Bitcoin has been keeping me up the last few weeks :) 