@_author: blackcombos
@_date: 2013-09-01 07:19:20
I don't see anything in there that addresses my question aside from the link about fractional reserve banking being possible, which I'm not convinced removes deflationary pressure?  If anything that enables market growth artificially reinforcing storing habits that take away "real" market value.  I'm not sure things would all scale appropriately when the situation could theoretically develop where all coins in the market are loans from fractional reserves, in which case _real_ market contraction from something like a national disaster could cause a run against that reserve.  This is, of course, still an issue with FIAT currencies we use now, but without the ability to inflate bitcoins with "hard" coins, the reserve would continue to fictionalize, making it more and more sensitive to contractions/runs over time?
Edit: Sorry I think I skimmed to fast over the deflationary spiral page, thanks
Edit Edit: The article handwaves long term deflation as "deflation only occurs when the Bitcoin economy is growing".  I read that as meaning if bitcoins become the primary economic currency, economic growth deflates bitcoins, so Bitcoins are exposed to all the issues of a deflationary spiral.
Edit Edit Edit: Okay I think I'm on board, I realize that with fractional reserves in a market contraction scenario securing hard currency is actually disincentive, unlike in the current system, so there wouldn't really be an issue in contraction, and in growth fractional reserves handle things just fine.  In market contraction there would be no place to hide so everyone (in the market or out) will bear the same exposure, since cold holdings and investments will lose value at the same pace.  I think this is one of those questions without a definitive answer, but I see the path to safe large scale implementation.
@_date: 2013-10-22 01:46:52
So, what can you actually buy with bitcoins right now?  Is it mostly just really random stuff, or is there any major chain out there taking them?
@_date: 2013-11-24 23:07:18
Pay off any debt you have, student loans, medical bills, car payments, put as much a dent in any mortgage you might have as you can.  If you have money left over top off your savings account so you have your 6 month emergency fund (if you don't already).  Then buy yourself something nice, a new computer or tablet or smartphone or something.
Then leave what's left in the coins.
@_date: 2013-11-13 00:18:10
Jeez dude, I hope you aren't going to kill yourself if shit goes belly up.
I love BTC as much as the next guy, but everybody really does need to recognize the simple fact that for BTC to rise in value &amp; retain those increases they need to gain &amp; psychological hold.  They can be the best currency in the world (and right now I'd say it has the making of it, for sure) but you're really putting a lot of faith in forces that are not economic of mathematic.
There hasn't been nearly enough conjecture over what a major US stance against BTC would do to them, if the US government makes accepting BTC for payment illegal that really seems like it can kill them in the US market.  Right now obviously China is the big driver, not the US, and every indication is that the Chinese government is behind BTC but the geo-political landscape, if this does become a real threat to the USD, surely can kill this.  I doubt the US gov't is going to allow BTC to gain any real wealth storing capacity if there is anything they can do to stop it, the position of the USD as the reserve currency of practically the world is a huge boon to the US.
Even beyond that, if gov'ts remain ambivilant about BTC and it gets the room to grow, people do need to keep buying into it.  If tomorrow somebody exploits something in BTC, or a newer, even more revolutionary cryptocurrency comes out, or tom dick and jane just decide they aren't interested it could lose traction.
A lot of the scenarios that devalue bitcoins are pretty out there, but god damn there are _a lot of those scenaios_, and to put 40 grand on what is potentially the riskiest investment the world has ever seen is just asking for trouble.  I hope BTC keep gaining ground over the next few years, but if they pull back, or if something really bad happens to them, I hope you had 40k to lose.