@_author: blackpillmgtow
@_date: 2019-10-07 19:57:07
Why are people still using legacy wallets? (addresses beginning with 1).
If you use a segwit P2SH address (beginning with 3) you can receive payments from both legacy and segwit wallets and still save like 26+% in fees. If you generate a BIP39 seed for your wallet, you can spend Segwit P2SH outputs from many different wallets. Bech32 gives you more savings (37%+. I've seen my savings go as high as 42% when there's only 1 output) but it's more confusing for normies to see two different bitcoin addresses.
@_date: 2017-09-15 21:42:18
David Gerard is a fucking idiot. The guy who wrote the Tulip mania remarks. He is actually from r/buttcoin and all those losers have been saying that bitcoin is useless and not worth investing in back when it was in the 3 digits. Now that it's at $3,700, they still say it's not worth investing it. I have made tens of thousands of dollars off btc and others have made far more. These idiots don't know what they are talking about.
They banned me from r/buttcoin for pointing out how pathetic it is that they trash on bitcoin after all this time with all these gains.
@_date: 2017-09-15 21:45:07
You are fascists who banned me from r/buttcoin for speaking the truth. You need your little safe space telling yourself that bitcoin is not a worthy investment. While many of us have made lots and lots of money from the run up from 3 digits to $3,700+. LOSER.
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:31:19
I'm used to being banned from places due to my political views. It is what is. Liberals are allergic to debate. Society puts pressure on men to conform to societal norms or face exclusion. In order to fit in with society, I have to be someone that I am not or even someone that I can never be. Bitcoin is a world that I can understand. As an autistic person, math, logic and technical analysis is a world that I understand. Being a self-employed crypto day trader, I don't have to navigate the social labyrinth. I have been able to make my own destiny. I used to be a Marxist once before I became a bitcoiner and somewhat of a techno-libertarian (I consider myself more of an egoist and cyberpunk). Then I realized that Marxists didn't give a shit about me, they, like any other social group, want you to parrot the groupthink or face exclusion. I figured out that I was on my own and that only I could get what I wanted out of life.
And now the government-regulated bankers, statists, want to take my livelihood away from me. I had three banks putting blocks on my transactions recently for trading bitcoin. The world is against us. Society just won't let us be. Society won't allow us to freely use our own damn money to buy what we want (in this case, bitcoin). We are living in literal slavery. I didn't realize how much we needed bitcoin until I became a bitcoiner and saw the persecution that we faced from the banks and the feds. Man was not meant to be caged in a cubicle. Being a self-employed crypto day trader was the greatest satisfaction I have experienced in my life. Bitcoin literally saved my life. I probably would have committed suicide by my 40s. I was in a dark place. Then I day traded crypto and made life changing gainz. And the banks and government be hatin'.