@_author: blacksheep01
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:18:13
I had a similar positive experience with them a few months ago. About a week after they started accepting Bitcoins I purchased something from them with BTC via Coinbase. However, there was some glitch that sent my Bitcoins but did not place my order.
So I contacted customer service and they responded in a few hours, looked into the issue and asked that I confirm a few basic bits of info to certify all accounts belonged to me. After that, they sent me back the exact amount of BTC I had spent, all in a 24 hour period. They then informed me they had fixed the issue and my order should go through fine next time. So I went back, purchased my item and received it just fine.
I thanked them profusely for providing such stellar customer service around BTC. They certainly earned my trust after that.
@_date: 2014-02-26 20:09:06
Libertarian socialism/anarcho-communism originated as a leftist movement in the 1850s and 60s. The first usage of the word "libertarian" on earth was by a French "anarcho-communist" in 1858 - [Read all about it here.](
Further from the article: 


So much for "edgy kid re-brand" eh?
The only "edgy rebranding" variant is anarcho-capitalism. Capitalism by itself indicates a free market with no restrictions of any kind thus the word "anarcho" in front of it is redundant.
If you still think all leftists are statists, look up some debates between Bakunin a 19th century anarchist (again, a leftist) and Karl Marx and you will find things like this:


@_date: 2014-01-07 16:11:05
Not all leftists are statists, good god. The original anarchists of the 19th century (sometimes called [Libertarian socialists]( the people that all of you anarcho-capitalists/Libertarians got your titles from, did not believe in centralized authority or the state, but still believed in collectivism to a degree.
If you read that article, you will see the first ever usage of the word "Libertarian" on earth was by a French Anarcho-communist. If no one wants to read the Wikipedia page, here is a summary of Libertarian socialism/anarchism from the page - 


I am not providing this info to get into a psychotic debate, but rather I'm posting it for informative purposes. Even if this appears to be to "idealistic" and unworkable to some of you, you all need to realize there are "leftists" who don't believe in a strong state either. You are thinking of state socialists or modern day "liberals." In the 19th century many anarchists, such as the famous Mikhail Bakunin, opposed Karl Marx and state communism but they were all leftists none the less.
@_date: 2014-02-17 07:41:09
Way over thinking this. The joke here is most strippers (honestly most people) have never heard of Bitcoin. So if you went to a strip club and started throwing paper wallets at a stripper, she'd be like "what the fuck is this? Monopoly money?" and would not be happy. Either that or you attempted to pay her by taking out your phone and in the nerdiest, nasally voice, asking "do you accept Bitcoins? Just show me your QR code fair lady!" 
Now imagine and laugh...
@_date: 2014-01-07 19:32:07
It is. I've written a thesis on late 19th century/early 20th century "leftist" political movements in the US and when doing academic research you will find the movements I noted above under the categorization of leftist movements. [That aside, this political spectrum chart is more useful in explaining things]( The chart shows Libertarianism and Authoritarianism on the Y axis and Left and Right on the X axis, which shows a more accurate range than just a straight line chart with "left" and "right." So you can be an authoritarian leftist or a libertarian leftist  just as you can be an authoritarian rightist or a libertarian rightist. Regardless, the anarchists and libertarian socialists I explained above are on the "leftist" side, but down in the libertarian quadrant, just as your likely beliefs (I assume based on your commentary) are likely on the right side, but down in the libertarian quadrant. 
Additionally modern day anarchists and libertarian socialists refer to themselves as leftists as do other stripes of socialists and anarchists. There are many subreddits here for those movements in which you will find people self identifying with that label, even if they believe in decentralization and partial collectivism rather than centralized state authority. I think the problem with the usage of the word "leftist" is due to US media/general usage of the term, which is often used to describe Democrats or European political parties that believe in a strong centralized state (US Republicans believe in a strong central state also). However, most of those parties are not leftists or libertarians and more accurately fall into center authoritarianism or right authoritarianism.
@_date: 2014-01-07 16:24:47
See this post I just wrote above [\(Link here\)]( - Libertarian socialists and anarchists (in the true definition) are leftists who do not believe in a centralized state. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 15:27:34
Liberal Arts is severely under-represented here. 
31 -Dual BAs in history and political science - Presently 2 months from completing MA in history - Work as a fundraising researcher.
@_date: 2013-07-16 14:38:50
I've been using coinbase for several months and have not had anything sketchy happen in any way. I linked a bank account, bought many bitcoins, sold some and transferred the money back to my bank, used bitcoins to pay for game bundles over at Humble Bundle etc. and no one has stolen any of my bitcoins or money or tampered with my bank account.
I have also written to them with issues and they have responded within a day or two. Recently they added instant purchase of bitcoins with extra verification (not required to use their site, only for instant). The only concern I had and others had was that there was a 4 day delay between purchasing bitcoins and actually receiving them. I'm not certain if this is resolved for non instant users yet, but it is resolved if you do the instant verification of course. 
I like Coinbase as it is the easiest way to acquire Bitcoins IMO, no outside wallets, no blockchain stuff, just one site with a simple interface.
@_date: 2013-12-23 19:40:33
It's another word for happy or cheerful...
@_date: 2013-11-16 03:09:55
Yep, Newegg.com has been my main PC parts vendor for years, Amazon the other but they won't go to Bitcoins for a long time. There are some other vendors maybe worth approaching TigerDirect.com and microcenter.com. 
@_date: 2013-12-12 17:23:57
Two things. First, you and your friends are in a statistical minority. If you [look at this report]( you will see that only 5% of 30-49-year-olds with a cell phone actually use snapchat. Even amongst 18-29-year-olds the figure is 26%. Which really shows the bulk of users are under 18.
Second, perhaps its the types of friends you decide to keep that determines usage. If your friends like to send materials that would be problematic if posted to facebook/twitter/instagram for an eternity, then snapchat likely appeals to you and your friends. 
@_date: 2013-12-23 17:03:10
I've owned cats my entire life, they've been in my household since I was born and I've kept of the tradition (so 31 years now) and this is the truest statement. I have purchased cat beds many times, against my own experience and judgement, hoping the "cat will like this one." They never do. At most they will sleep in it once or walk on it, after that they sleep everywhere but the cat bed. Couch, floor, stairs, table, my bed, basket on the deck, next to the toilet, middle of the floor, dining room chairs, under the window outside etc. While I like the idea of these cat beds, I have a hard time believing my cats would actually sleep in them. As soon as you want a cat to do anything, they do the opposite. 
@_date: 2013-11-01 18:16:50


I got a single e-mail about it, often I just delete marketing e-mails without reading them unless I see something really catchy in the subject line, but thankfully I read the coinbase one. It did say you needed a credit card on file for instant purchase now. So it may be a two step process. The first step was just to verify your address, not sure if they are still doing that also? 
Either way, they should clarify all of that for users better and one e-mail a week before the change happened wasn't enough. That said, my purchases are all going through instantly on coinbase still, likely due to my two stage verification being complete.
@_date: 2013-11-15 21:22:21
I know this type of vendor will not be part of your Black Friday event (and this is an awesome thing you have organized), but I wish more than anything a computer parts retailer would take Bitcoin. I could build an entire gaming PC for 2.9 Bitcoins at this point and it would be so awesome to be able to do that. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 18:30:25
Once upon a time (2009-2010) you could by 1 BTC for anywhere from .01 cent to $10, so 500 BTC could have cost the original purchaser $5 or $500 or anywhere in between. Mining was also easier, you could do it with your own computer and maybe end up with hundreds or thousands of coins.
Then there are people with lots of expendable income buying them now or people that take insane risks. For example, back in April there was a guy on here who had cashed out his entire 401K and invested in Bitcoins months earlier and became a millionaire. This is an insanely risky thing to do that worked out for him but I don't recommend to anyone. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 19:00:19
I've been using Coinbase for 8 months now and I've never had a single problem with them either. When I joined there were no instant buys for anyone, then they added them and I verified myself, then I got double verified with CC. No hitches, now I'm on instant purchase. They also offer two factor verification which everyone should take advantage of.
I've bought and sold with them, they've never stolen my money or coins. I think most of the people flipping out on here simply can't read fucking directions. If you aren't verified you have to wait 3-5 days for purchases at the market rate ON THE DAY OF PURCHASE not they day you clicked "buy." If you sell coins it can take 3-5 days for the money to show up in your account because of YOUR BANK not coinbase. Also, you particular bank might be an asshole flagging it as a weird transaction. 
Half the people showing up here signed up for Coinbase yesterday and do not understand any of the above because they aren't reading to directions/guidelines that are clearly posted on the site. They are checking boxes and not reading them/understanding them. 
This is not to say there are not people that have legitimate problems even after following directions, I know there are, but most of the posts I see on the subreddit are not from these legitimate cases.
@_date: 2013-11-25 15:02:42
What's insane is that a $10K investment in Bitcoins right now is only about 12 Bitcoins. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 04:35:25
Yeah, I've taken a sort of zany path in life. I got degrees in history and political science and my first job out of college was as a reporter. Then I changed careers entirely to fundraising (I was trying to do anything else really, landed here) because I discovered first hand how awful conditions are at a small town paper. As I now work at a college, I decided to also go back to school to pursue my true passion, which is history. Hoping to one day be able to teach college at least part time even if my full time day job is still fundraising (one of our staff members does just this).
@_date: 2013-12-12 15:34:32
I think the problem with snapchat is like 90% (or more) of its users are  teenagers. I'm not super young anymore at 31-years-old, but I've always stayed up with tech or been in on things early. Had a damn facebook account since January 2005, signed up the second it became available at my college (this is how it used to work). I learned to use Twitter early on, I'm on Instagram, I've been building my own computers for 12-years, I built my first web sites in the 90s, I've been in on Bitcoin for a year etc. and so forth.
And there isn't a single person I know in real life who uses snapchat. I work at a college, I have become friends with some 19-22-year-old student workers as a result and even they use regular texting to contact me/others over snapchat. Their default go to online is no longer facebook of course, but a Twitter/Instagram hybrid, services the students have asked me if I'm on as recently as yesterday, but not a single person has ever said "hey, do you use snapchat?" 
So to me it appears to be a trendy thing for teens who, as you noted, want to send "snaps to their crushes" or, conversely, send nudes to those people in the hopes the images won't be saved (I've heard they can be saved anyway). Not sure if a cutesy messaging system for kids will actually establish itself permanently, despite all its accolades and high valuations, if it's entire existence relies on teenagers, whose sentiments shift with the winds and radically change between high school and college. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 16:25:18
They reminded me of [Dr. Steve Brule's mispronunciations of everyone's names](
@_date: 2013-11-16 03:11:29
Wow thanks! I did not realize there was a vendor selling PC parts! They don't have everything I want, but it's a fantastic start and I'm glad to see anyone at all is doing this.
@_date: 2013-12-17 19:58:06
You should do an AMA/educational post about this. Many here have no background in investments. Another major part of the problem is people not doing even the slightest amount of research on all these new "investment firms" and "breaking news stories" out of China/Europe/wherever. They are not even Googling things.
My day job is as a fundraising researcher, I used to be a reporter and I'm also working on my second thesis in history, now in grad school, so research is/has been my life. So when someone makes a claim with no source, it has 0 credibility. 
What if they provide a link for evidence? I look at the linked web site and attempt to assess validity. Are they selling me something? Did the site go up yesterday? Is this a press release or an actual news story? What sources are utilized in the article I'm reading and are they valid? Are there any citations/references/sources listed at all in the article? What kind of institution/business is it? If I don't know what CNSX is (or any major piece of the story), I look it up separately. Does any other source on earth confirm what I'm reading? etc. 
Never accept anything instantly and at face value without investigating at least some of the above. Hell, several of those things can be done in a glance once you know what to look for. Is it a press release? Then it's basically propaganda from whatever company/group/college/organization sent it and should not be treated as news. I used to receive them all day as a reporter. Organizations put them out and hope lazy or overworked reporters will just recycle the press release without asking anyone questions about anything.
@_date: 2013-12-13 02:23:04
I'm in the same boat as the guy above. I've never saved a penny with Honey but I almost only buy things from Amazon and Newegg, Amazon never has coupons and Neweggs are all done via e-mail. To your guys credit, I wrote about this problem one day on some random subreddit and one of your staff contacted me about trying to remedy this. I was highly impressed they reached out to me.
That said, I love this idea so much I almost jumped out of my chair. This is the sort of thing needed because it makes spending bitcoins easier. Of course its not perfect, some here just want Amazon to accept BTC outright, but we are years from that (if ever) so this solution is outstanding. If you guys had this implemented I would use it at least monthly, if not more as I'm always getting something from Amazon due to prime's free shipping.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:03:03
This is correct, the Humble Bundles have accepted Bitcoins for a while now, however, a few months ago they opened a permanent store. For the sake of clarity for all here, this store is not a "humble bundle" it is a web store like Steam or GOG.com that sells games year round, and is entirely separate from the Humble Bundles. That store was not accepting Bitcoins when it opened, I know because I tried to buy something from it and the option did not exist. 
So like OP, I e-mailed them and said something like "I love buying the Humble Bundle with Bitcoins, but I would also like to buy games from your new store with them, can you make that an option?" They replied within a day saying they were looking at implementing it but had no time frame. This was only a month ago, so I appreciate how fast they moved.
[Link to the Humble Store](
@_date: 2013-11-07 20:16:21
This sounds about right. I've watched Bitcoin since I first heard about it in June 2012. I didn't acquire any until someone tipped me some BTC after a particularly good post I wrote here on Reddit, just so happened this was in April. Thus I got to watch the insanity of that first bubble, people were posting they were now "millionaires" and never had to work again. Newbies were buying hundreds of coins and posting "hold Spartans!" memes, looked like a boiler room in here. 
Then it crashed down to $50 and everything go real quiet. I bought some bitcoins in that whole cycle through the present, spacing them out as to avoid market dips and rises. Mostly because I believe in crypto currency having read up enough on it. It's amusing to see the same boiler room stuff appearing just 7 months later. That same "hold Spartans" jpeg is back up. I see people in comments saying coins will be worth $1 million USD in less than 5 years! 
Thing is, the coins might be worth that much one day, but it's not going to be tomorrow or even next year, more likely we'll see several more crashes, however, the value of these coins, at least in relation to USD, steadily trends upward no matter what. 
If you truly believe in BTC, put in a buy order for .50 coins or 1 coins every 2 weeks, once a month, $10 per day or whatever. You will own a bunch eventually, skip all this bubble insanity and perhaps even spend BTC on items rather than hording it for some imagined sell off at $2 million per coin next November. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:28:40


Awesome! For those of us who donate in BTC, can we still qualify for any of the Kickstarter rewards, like autographed scripts etc? You are offering some very cool things over there!


Fully agreed, I just chuckled thinking about a reference to Wyld Stallyns somehow appearing in, what no doubt, would be an awful film lol.
@_date: 2013-12-10 15:14:43
I've also had no problem with the online only bank that was formerly ING Direct, now Capitol One 360. I had been an ING savings account member for years, then they were bought out by Capitol One which I was certain meant terrible things, but surprisingly they have never blocked any of my bitcoin transactions, purchases or deposits. They are obviously not a credit union, but I can't complain, they've never hassled me about anything in over 6 years. 
@_date: 2013-10-31 16:54:20
To add onto what ianandris said, we don't really know, but I've been watching bitcoin for about a year and a half now and have bought them and sold them (and still own some) a few times. 
In my short time with Bitcoin, I've watched it go through a few bubbles, but the thing is, after each bubble and the huge drop after it, the average price seems to settle higher each time. [See the chart here]( (play with the date range) Earlier this year we had a spike over 200 and then it crashed down to $50 per coin or so.
Then over a few months the price seemed to settle back down in the $120 range, way up from the old average range in the $40s-$50s. I suspect we may be seeing another bubble due to inflated interest driven by that Norwegian kids windfall, and really, prices are growing at a near unreasonable rate now, thus a crash would not surprise me. However, I think after the crash it will resettle higher again, probably $160ish range. 
What I'm seeing differently now is Bitcoin appears to be "sticking" in that there are ATMs going up, some services I already use like the humble bundle accept them now and the Chinese are buying coins in droves. So overall I suspect a general up trend to continue. That is, unless global governments start making the currency illegal, which is possible and something I always keep in mind.
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:00:09
Holy crap, I just realized you are Bill from Bill and Ted and my childhood flashed before my eyes! 
Anyway, are you going to address the rise of other cryptocurrencies in the film? Obviously your focus is Bitcoin as it should be, but we've seen the rise of many variations that do slight things differently, like Litecoin and other clones (some of which offer nothing new) and it might be worth mentioning these as the overall effect of Bitcoin/rise of cryptocurrency.
Second, I would love to be able to support your movie with Bitcoins or buy it with Bitcoins, any chance of that? I love Kickstarter, but funding a Bitcoin movie with Bitcoins seems fitting. (EDIT - I see you have answered this since I started my post, thanks, will be donating in BTC!)
Third, any chance you will reunite with Keanu Reeves for The Matrix part 4 with yourself in the role of a resurrected agent Smith? lol
@_date: 2013-11-27 17:27:36
Yes, I'm aware they can go up 100x in a year (usually smaller stocks do this), but I was referencing actual dollar amounts because the general public, or those disagreeable to/confused about the rise of bitcoin, see it as follows: 
Company X, publicly traded on the NYSE is worth $10 per share in March 2012. Then, based on some good news and acquisitions it rises to $1,000 per share by November 2013, but fundamentals don't seem to support this seemingly "insane" increase in value. This company would be viewed as a massive bubble and it would be a massive bubble in all likelihood, considering the limitations of a given business over the course of a single year. Again this is the frame of reference for someone unfamiliar with Bitcoin, not this community.
But, as I noted, Bitcoin is not a stock or a business, nor is it regulated centralized currency or even a physical asset like gold. It is entirely unique, which people still fail to grasp, and "bubble" likely doesn't apply based on the aforementioned examples, thus your Argumentum ad lunam fallacy is correct. However, we also have no idea what the actual value of a Bitcoin/crypto currency in general really is for the same reason, that we've never seen it before.
@_date: 2013-12-15 05:28:38
Awesome to hear! I made a request that you guys support Coinbase in the Mint App, but I didn't think anyone would actually read it or care. Glad to see you guys not only read all of our requests, but are responsive. Will give it a try tonight.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:58:03
I think most people's frame of reference is still stocks. They have never seen a company go from $10 to $1,000 in a year and a half and if a company stock did that it would most definitely be a bubble.
What they don't understand is this is not a stock or a business, it is a new currency and not just new like the creation of the Euro, but an entirely new concept in the history of currency. Whether your historical frame of reference is gold, sea shells or fiat, Bitcoin is different from any of that for many reasons.
Because of this we don't really know the value of Bitcoin, those who advocate $1 million per coin are guessing just the same as those who think it won't last and will go to $0. We are approaching year 5 of its existence, it may prove to be the next evolution of currency, it may act as a better reserve than gold ever did and that might mean it's worth an incredible amount. Likewise, it could get hammered with regulatory attempts, get outcompeted by a new crypto currency, scare some big adopters and investors away as a result and crash to a lower level permanently/cease to be of use.
So OP is right that it's a fallacy to think this is a bubble based on other unlike things, Bitcoin is a unicorn in this world, but because we have never seen a unicorn before, we also don't know enough about it to predict it's future behavior. 
@_date: 2013-11-07 21:26:20
You are correct, I was referencing watching the first bubble on here, not the first bitcoin bubble ever.There have certainly been several BTC bubbles over the years.
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:29:58
You are correct. The effect of just a few thousand coins being bought or sold can dramatically effect value, just how few is impressive. I was playing around with the sell section of coinbase because I was curious how many coins they would let someone theoretically sell. Interestingly there is a cap, when I entered 8000 coins in, it said "invalid number" which I guess means you can't sell that many with them (they have a 50 sell per day limit anyway).
Trying to find out how many they will let you sell, I found 7,000 works and if you were theoretically able to sell 7000 Bitcoins on their site, the price per coin would drop about $300 USD, just 7000 BTC sold and there is a near $300 drop! Likewise, if you tried to buy 7000 coins, the price would shoot up $300 USD! Of course this might be more tied to their particular service's prices and the overall effect would likely be less, but it would still cause an increase.
If someone bought 1 million coins today somehow, the price increase would be stratospheric. Likewise, a sell of that many would cause an epic crash, at least temporarily, as I'm sure bargain hunters would swoop in then.
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:09:21
I have sold BTC with coinbase in the past, back in June or July, and it took a few days after the cited date to arrive in my account. Of course I use an online savings account that is BTC friendly and does not hassle me, but even so, it took some extra time.
I have bought and sold with Coinbase since April, I'm double verified with them, they've never stolen anything from me and their support staff has always eventually responded to me. Response time varies on popularity of their service, in April it took days to hear back, in July they responded instantly because no one gave a crap about Bitcoins at that time. Now, they likely have 10,000 e-mails/support requests.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:04:04
On Yahoo they are intellectually lazy and old...and angry about everything. If you ever want to find the dregs of all human existence, read the Yahoo comments section daily (youtube has nothing on them). It's littered with 55+ year old actual racists who toss around old racist terms daily "monkeys - jungle bunny" etc. whenever a black person is mentioned in any story. I saw a guy on there today call all Philippinos "dirty rats" under a story about the damn typhoon, it was awful. 
On top of that, they don't understand anything having to do with technology, are violently hostile to anything that occurred after 1980 (and I mean anything, music, cars, politicians, clothes) and their first reaction is always nasty, spite filled rage.
Yahoo commentors are like an 89-year-old southern grandma who supported George Wallace in the 50s, utilizes a mattress based "savings account" and thinks computers are evil wizard boxes full of "communists" and "jewish thief bankers."