@_author: blakeeb
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:12:37
Really appreciate the feedback. It's a big experiment - hopefully the larger the pool gets the more PR pressure the company receives. We're up for alternate ideas as well, our core goal is to be a consumer lobbying platform. Corporations have lobbyists, but who's the voice of the people?
@_date: 2014-03-05 18:24:51
Thank you!! I hacked it together in a few days with friends on a roadtrip called StartupBus... it's so wild that anyone's donating. We're incredibly grateful, we just made it onto the next round in the competition as a result. And the best part is that a great charity is benefiting!
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:20:53
This is great feedback, thank you. 
This initial campaign will not be our only campaign - we're looking for feedback just like this. Since we're still playing around with the idea and trying to find the best approach, we put the three month cliff on the donations to ensure they benefit a charity no matter what.
You're right, we need to give way more details about charity:water. They're at charitywater.org - the link in the site is not prominent enough. We're fixing that now.
Regarding the "scam" allegation: that's totally understandable. This community's seen a lot of that. We're part of an incubator called StartupBus, a roadtrip hackathon and network of entrepreneurs. Right now I'm writing this from Rackspace's offices at the competition. We're working on making the actual transactions IDs more visible, currently our backend is powered by Coinbase.
While we're huge Bitcoin fans, our focus is on accepting Fiat and Bitcoin alongside each other.
Thanks again for your encouraging words, glad you love the idea! 
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:09:55
Thanks so much for joining in!! We were just pitching our idea on stage at a startup competition and someone's donation popped up on my phone: 1 BTC!! Showed the notification to the judges and they loved it. So excited.
You're completely right that we could be more descriptive with our charity description. We partnered with charitywater.org for this initial launch, they're doing incredible work.
Thank you again so much, not sure if you're the 1BTC person, but wow.