@_author: blakdawg
@_date: 2012-08-12 19:22:33
Mt. Gox is not a bank. The USB device will be holding a/the copy of a private key that controls some BTC, not the BTC themselves. Do you have a plan for converting back to fiat currency at your new location?
@_date: 2012-12-08 08:50:06
And imagine people who make a fortune on the existing regime as the gatekeepers deciding whether or not to help spread BTC adoption, and talking to their lobbyists who talk to legislators and regulators . . .
@_date: 2012-12-08 08:48:00
Wow that someone working at MtGox in some capacity related to international banking thinks that funds on deposit at a bank are actually sitting in a vault somewhere. !?!?
@_date: 2012-07-17 17:26:09
When you say the BTC was "on" your phone, do you mean that your only copy of the wallet was on the phone?
Do you have the identifier and password for the blockchain.info account?
@_date: 2012-08-16 01:43:03
If you're just goofing around with small amounts, the best thing to use is blockchain.info's browser-based wallet. You can access it from any browser but they're not in control of the funds, so they can't lie to you and say they're yours when they've loaned them to someone else. 
The next best thing would be a wallet on your computer.
There are online services that tell you they'd like to hang onto your money for awhile and they promise to give it back when you ask them. Before you give that sort of person/organization any significant amount of money, you should think about how much you really know about who they are, what their credit/business history is, how you can track them down if you really need your money back, and how impossible it's going to be to sue them if they run off with your cash.
It's approximately the same thing as giving your money to some guy you just met in a bar, because he told you the world is a dangerous place, but his security is better than yours, so it makes more sense for you to keep your money in his wallet, and he'll give it back when you ask for it, and he'll even helpfully make a little spreadsheet that shows how much of your money is now in his wallet. 
Now, you might ask yourself, what's in it for them? Why would this nice person spend time and money making sure that my money is safe, and making sure that he's available to me so that it's easy for me to ask for my money back whenever I want it. They'll probably tell you that they're also in the business of selling other things, and they want to make it really easy for you to buy the other things that they sell, and really the easiest possible way to arrange things is for them to hold all of your money, and if you want to spend it somewhere else you can just let them know and they'll give you some of your money back.
Sometimes, though, it takes a few days or a few weeks for them to actually give the money back, or they decide that they can't give the money back until you prove you're really the person who gave them the money in the first place, and they might have a complicated procedure for examining your ID and your personal financial details before they give your money back.
Or they might say the secret password ("anti-money laundering") - when someone says the secret password, nobody is allowed to ask any questions, and nobody is allowed to say anything to anyone, and everything stops until the same person says "go!".
And sometimes the nice guy with the great security who's holding your money for free gets hacked or gets robbed, and all of the money in his wallet is gone. Sometimes this happens over and over again and that guy decides that holding other people's money for free is a shitty business and he doesn't want to be in that line of work any more, and then he stops answering the phone or e-mails. It would be unfortunate if he shut down his business without giving your money back first, but it has happened several times.
So when some guy you don't know offers to put your money in his pocket for free - or, even better, promises to pay you some exorbitant interest rate far beyond what you can get from any traditional financial institution - you might want to ask yourself, why is this guy doing this? Could it be that he has some other goal in mind, like running away with all of your money? Could it be that he's actually a child who's unable to form legally binding contracts and this is his idea of an interesting summer hobby, to be forgotten when school starts again in the fall, or when it stops being fun? 
@_date: 2012-11-04 08:46:14
I have been happy with PIA.
@_date: 2012-11-16 02:44:39
How do you still not understand that the similarity to Bitcoinica is that the operator (you, in this case) has no idea what the fuck he's doing, yet is soliciting funds from the public which are likely to be stolen or frozen by banks/regulators?
Sometimes people lose money because the operator of a business is a fucking criminal (Pirate Sometimes people lose money because the operator of a business is incapable of maintaining secure, reliable operations of the business, despite their doe-eyed innocence and pure heart (the early days of Bitcoinica, Mt.Gox). Sometimes people lose money because good people turn bad (the later days of Bitcoinica). 
I don't know you. I don't know which of those you are. But I do know that if you need people on Reddit to help you re-architect your website after it's gone live, you are in WAY over your head, and the only question left is whether the failure of this is going to only cost you money, or if it's going to take a lot of other people's money with it. 
Have you even Googled the terms "money transmitter" or "money service business"? Do you know who FinCEN is? 
@_date: 2012-09-02 00:14:43


That's not precisely how I remember the terms. 
@_date: 2012-11-04 08:48:31
Yes, your connection will likely feel slower when using a VPN because your data really is going to/from the remote gateway, then to/from the destination site.
@_date: 2012-09-20 01:18:59


The indictment (which he plead guilty to) is for mail fraud - allegedly, the defendants solicited money from people to buy foreign lottery tickets or otherwise engage in foreign gambling, and then they gave them back less than their original contributions. No actual gambling occurred.
The BFL employee on bitcointalk is saying that the guilty plea to mail fraud was a settlement to make the thing go away, that the guy didn't actually do what he said he did in the guilty plea. 
tl;dr: "I was lying when I admitted that I lied to get people to send me money." 
@_date: 2012-09-05 02:15:14
but MtGox won't let you get your money out very quickly? It's only a matter of time before they die, the unexplained delays aren't a good sign.
@_date: 2012-09-02 20:47:26
Agreed. The only reason someone wouldn't just borrow at 30% annually on a shitty credit card is because they can't even get a shitty credit card, which means their credit is really really awful, or they're not willing to disclose enough information about themselves to be subject to a lawsuit if they default. And the people who issue shitty credit cards know their business. If they won't lend to someone, I've got no business lending to that person, either. 
(Especially to a pseudonymous entity in I don't-know-what jurisdiction with no collateral. Duh.)
("No, really .. this guy is a great businessman, and he's got a great sure-fire business model that makes fuckloads of money overnight by magic, but he just can't be bothered to fill out a loan application to borrow money the conventional way, so he's gonna borrow money at 3300% rather than 8% or 30%. He's a great businessman, really.") 
@_date: 2012-08-03 22:22:04


Ok - the theory is that some guy accidentally got &gt; 50% of all the BTC in the world, and this makes him bored/lonely because he has nobody to trade with, so to get rid of those horrible feelings he gets people to loan him *more* BTC, which he agrees to pay back (eventually) at high interest rates.
This seems very implausible to me - first off, I don't think anyone has &gt; 50% of all the BTC in circulation. I'd be pretty surprised if anyone had &gt; 5% of all BTC in circulation. 
And if someone did have a lot of BTC, they got it through deliberate action - either mining or trading, and in either case the accumulation would be gradual, so they could stop trading/mining if they started to get that "I will be so rich that I have no friends" feeling.
And if they did have way too many BTC and nowhere to spend it, it doesn't make sense to try to solve that problem by borrowing more BTC, even if it will eventually get paid back at crazy rates - short-term, he's making his problem worse, not better. And long-term, great, he hands out this BTC to his new friends, but if they weren't able to earn it themselves legitimately, it's pretty unlikely they'll be able to retain it, especially if they've been conditioned to believe that they can get interest rates in the neighborhood of 200%+ per year. Besides, if the theory is "rich guy wants to give away BTC", why not just give it away and skip over the crazy Ponzi-like lending scheme? 
And I don't get the impression that the people operating the HYIP schemes are doing this to gain reputation or to associate themselves with interesting people, because the operators of the HYIP programs are pretty secretive. Further, paying ridiculous interest rates creates a perception that they're involved with something illegal, which in most communities is not a net increase to one's reputation. 


I agree with this, but I also think that lending/borrowing BTC at rates wildly out of scale with the other capital markets exaggerates the focus on accumulation, rather than de-emphasizing it. 
@_date: 2012-07-19 18:46:13
Seriously, go read Wikipedia or Google for "fractional reserve banking". Or try [Khan Academy](
No offense is intended, but the questions you are asking are basic macroeconomics questions that are addressed comprehensively in standard textbooks and courses. Expecting others to write custom explanations for you is unlikely to be successful because the people who know enough about the subject to give you a real answer are unlikely to want to spend the time doing so, especially when you have not done basic background reading/self-education.
It's fun to throw around big complicated terms like "fiat paper coupons" and "synthesize scarcity" but your question demonstrates a fundamental lack of understanding about the topic you're writing about. There's nothing wrong with that, nobody is born knowing this stuff and much of finance and all of policy is social convention and shared practice that you will *never* figure out by reasoning on your own from first principles, no matter how smart you are.
It sounds like you are on the cusp of realizing that a giant fraction of the world economy is based on faith and hope and trust and bullshit. This is unsettling to notice, but it's a little like sitting in an airplane flying happily at 20,000 feet in the air and noticing that you're in a device that's heavier than air and NOTHING IS HOLDING YOU UP . . . yet the plane doesn't fall to the earth.
You could also sit on the ground and look at an airplane and reason to yourself "well, that airplane is very heavy, and it does not float in the air here on the tarmac, so it is not possible for it to fly, so these people who want to sell me tickets on a flight to New York are clearly scam artists", but, mirabile dictu, airplanes do fly every day, and many of them go to New York.
(Yes, some of them do fall out of the sky, killing everyone on board, but not very often.)
If you find yourself in a situation where your reasoning tells you that something cannot work that *is* working, or that something cannot exist that *does* exist, then something is wrong with your reasoning or your starting assumptions.
@_date: 2012-09-25 03:56:30


The professional/academic background you discuss on your blog's "About Me" doesn't leave me with the impression that you have any experience at all with ASICs or circuit design. Is that incorrect?
Are you saying you are actually, personally, presently capable of designing/building an ASIC-based device? Have you done this? 
If you have, then what you say about Sonny's revelations is interesting.
If not . . . 
[EDIT: added text I was responding to, just in case something happens to the original.]
@_date: 2012-08-03 06:46:18
This still doesn't explain why someone would pay those rates, compared to even a shitty credit card at, say, 30% APR.
@_date: 2012-11-15 06:23:49
Cool! It's always great to see ~~suckers~~ people who are down for something ~~fraudulent~~ new!
I have an exchange, too. I am buying BTC's at 150% of Mt.Gox pricing. Just send your BTC's to this address: 1Dzpn7AFz5d6X2qVSUd1C4tYxCuMghxDpB
and email your physical address to pirateat41 and I'll put cash in the mail to you, pronto!
Looking forward to doing ~~you~~ business with you . . .
@_date: 2012-10-07 05:38:41
ITAR was not killed by litigation, it died when non-US software companies started publishing strong crypto, and when John Gilmore's DES cracking machine demonstrated that 56 bit crypto was easily cracked. 
There were no meaningful court cases. Phil Zimmerman was threatened with a prosecution which [never occurred]( 
@_date: 2012-09-26 17:20:20
Thanks, it's helpful to have commentary from someone who knows what they're looking at/talking about. 
@_date: 2012-11-15 18:14:17
Only the ones that want me to mail them cash.
@_date: 2012-11-15 18:00:39
No, but I think there are a few people here who are about to get hit with the clue stick.
@_date: 2012-11-15 19:59:16
I love you too.
@_date: 2012-11-15 04:01:04
Yeah, that's what we need, another fly-by-night exchange run by some unknown dude who probably knows nothing about banking or network security.
Why is this "exchange" showing Mt.Gox quotes, with a suggestion to chat in  
seems legit . . . 
@_date: 2012-09-07 22:45:29
I am set up to accept bitcoins (through Bitpay) but haven't had a merchant transaction yet. This is not surprising, not sure I'll ever get one, because my typical client doesn't overlap much demographically with Bitcoin users. 
On the other hand, I don't see a downside, as long as you're set up to either hold the coins yourself, or to convert them more or less instantly to an ACH deposit. 
Whether you want to hold your funds as BTC or USD or whatever - that's the same question we all face.
There have been (and will continue to be) problems with exchanges and various financial intermediaries - but that's true of credit/debit card transactions, too. When someone pays me with a credit card I don't know exactly when I'll get paid (usually a couple of days) or how much (because my discount rate depends on whether their card is a "reward" card or a standard card, and who issued it, etc). And it's always possible that the customer will initiate a chargeback, or there will be some problem at the merchant processor that freezes incoming funds, or causes them to reverse a deposit. 
So I'm already exposed to some delay and risk when accepting something other than cash - BTC doesn't provide a zero risk opportunity, but neither do checks or credit cards. 
@_date: 2012-09-25 19:02:51


Hyperbole? Is that the new word for made-up bullshit?
Do you *really* think this situation needs more exaggeration and half-truths? 
@_date: 2012-08-09 01:55:53
The cheapest way is to hand someone cash and have them transfer bitcoins to you immediately. Bitinstant is probably the next cheapest.
@_date: 2012-09-29 18:34:04
You're right, the apologists for irresponsible exchanges are full of it.
If they actually gave a shit, they'd have lawyers on this and they'd have escalated it within Barclays. 
So apparently it's not good enough for you to put money in an exchange's bank account - they're still not, in their mind, responsible for it, even though you can't go back into Barclays and tell them you've changed your mind and you'd like your cash back, please. 
I guess Mt.Gox thinks that this is your problem until the money ends up in a Japanese bank. Or maybe they're not responsible until they actually turn the money into real cash. Or maybe not even then - if someone steals their wallet on the subway, they're entitled to take that money out of your account, because they never really got to spend the money, so it's kind of like the transaction never happened.
Or maybe they can go buy some groceries with that money, and it's *still* your risk, until they actually cook and eat the food. Then it's their problem. But not if they get sick. Then the BTC comes back out of your account, too. Also if they watch a movie and it wasn't very good - also, your fault. 
It's pretty funny to see someone from Bitcoinica/Intersango posting about how an exchange can't be blamed when their funds disappear and customers can left hanging for weeks (or months) with no recourse and no apparent effort on the exchange's part to fix the problem. Hopefully Mt.Gox will do a better job for you than genjix and his cohorts have done for their victims. 
@_date: 2012-08-19 02:33:19
IRS could send them a subpoena. As an offshore entity they have more flexibility about responding but noncooperation might have very bad consequences, so I expect they would cooperate.
@_date: 2012-08-18 02:51:11
How long has it been? What is his ID on Bitcoinary?
@_date: 2012-09-21 04:32:13
Fuck! That bear told me he was just looking for his car keys, and I let him go. Now I'm gonna have to go clean that up. 
@_date: 2012-11-15 20:02:19
Less than 24 hours elapses after "your buddy" tells us about his decent understanding of network security, someone finds a vulnerability that gives anyone access to a user's account by merely knowing their E-mail address, and *I'm a troll*? 
Maybe you're a clueless moron. 
@_date: 2012-09-18 21:38:45
The earliest time that monkeys might start flying out of my ass is October 12, too. What a coincidence!
@_date: 2012-08-16 02:10:57
AMD drivers at 
AMD may also need OpenCL drivers from 
Nvidia drivers at 
or see 
@_date: 2012-11-15 20:12:50


Oh, that's a good idea. So I see a BTC price I like, I put cash in the mail or make a deposit into your account . . . and then the price of BTC rises, relative to USD, so you decide to cancel my order, which you can do "at any time for any reason". 
So I don't get my BTC. And if I was doing this anonymously, how am I going to get my cash back? 
@_date: 2012-09-20 22:04:42
This is fucking depressing. I get the impression that the Bitcoin community consists of:
* 33% criminals
* 33% shit-for-brains victims ("hey, where'd my $ go? That was an *investment!*")
* 33% apologists for criminals ("let's not be too hasty, he probably took your car at gunpoint so he could wash it for you and fill it up with gas, I'm sure he'll bring it back any minute now")
* 1% reasonable people excited about a non-state no-fractional-reserve electronic currency
@_date: 2012-11-16 00:43:25


I still don't see why a person who's got a decent understanding of banking and network security would allow that to happen in the first place. That sounds like an architectural/design issue, not just a dropped semicolon somewhere.
Unless . . . your background in banking and network security isn't quite as strong as you'd initially implied? 
@_date: 2012-09-13 02:46:14
I think it's bad press, but am aware of the idea that there's no such thing as bad press. Not convinced.
@_date: 2012-09-13 02:15:42
I would call myself a BTC fan/enthusiast, but I do not think it is appropriate as an "investment", at least not for a significant part of your portfolio. It's still very volatile, and there are regulatory/technical risks not yet resolved.
Personally, I think of it as a currency, not as an investment per se. 
If it increases in value, that's nice - but, frankly, I wish it was much, much less volatile. 
@_date: 2012-11-30 03:33:57
In the United States, getting an apostille is a giant pain in the ass - perhaps, as they say, "in most countries" it's no problem, but in California the document would need to be notarized (at a $10 fee), then mailed to our state capital to be processed (at a $20 fee; or $26, if you want to personally travel to the capital for in-person processing). As of today, Nov 29, they are processing apostille requests received on [Nov 13](
Most people don't know what an apostille is - most notaries don't even know what an apostille is. 
@_date: 2012-07-31 23:20:25
Do not do this if you are not an FFL or you will go to jail. 
@_date: 2012-09-25 19:07:30
So that we don't have any more of this business where we've got a DBA pretending to evaluate the feasibility of an ASIC design, perhaps you could enlist someone who actually knows what they're looking at to help you evaluate these "secrets". 
@_date: 2012-11-16 01:10:36
Have you looked into  That would let you create a positive reputation, which you might someday bootstrap into a bigger business.
@_date: 2012-11-15 18:09:51


What happened to your decent understanding of network security?
Looking at other people's transactions is a "perk"?
@_date: 2012-08-08 22:47:45
Right, but these guys *want* an excuse to submit a request for a ruling. And a free lawyer to work on it.
@_date: 2012-08-06 20:30:39


This sounds like an admission that the business is not presently "conforming with those protocols", e.g., generally accepted accounting practices, which is helpful information to have. 


I don't see why that's the case - there's no reason why Mt. Gox couldn't pay an auditing firm to prepare audited financials and make them available, independent of government participation. The only place I see government creeping in is if those audited financial statements were themselves false/misleading, or if the information provided to the auditors was false/misleading, and the government were to prosecute that. 
@_date: 2012-08-01 01:50:45
It's your ass on the line. ATF has done several high-profile prosecutions of people (even LEO's) for dealing without an FFL. If you're serious about this, get a attorney familiar with ATF/FFL issues. If you're not serious about this, how can it possibly be worth the risk?
@_date: 2012-08-01 19:20:01
Intersango is related to Bitcoin Consultancy is related to Bitcoinica who have had repeated security problems and are probably insolvent with hundreds of thousands of USD in unsatisfied claims. I would be very wary of letting those people hold any of my funds. 
@_date: 2012-11-08 23:25:03
.. this sounds like an interesting strategy, if you think you're good enough at predicting the future that you can, today, predict that the value of BTC will drop far enough and long enough for you to buy, and that the value of BTC will then rise again, far enough and long enough for you to swap it for national currency or goods or something else. 
Otherwise, it would just make more sense to buy and hold BTC's, if you think their value is going to go up, long-term.
The nice thing about buy-and-hold with a wallet that you control is there's no risk that Mt.Gox will fail or will introduce onerous rules about using/withdrawing your funds. Mt.Gox is not a bank, is not insured like a bank, isn't backed by a government or significant assets, and could easily dry up and blow away like a lot of other exchanges have, leaving you with nothing. Or they might piss off the wrong government and have all of their assets seized/frozen, indefinitely. 
@_date: 2012-09-29 18:52:42
Why would anyone except Mt.Gox have any authority/standing to get information about the status of Mt.Gox' account?
I certainly hope it's not Barclays' policy to tell complete strangers all about other people's banking decisions/problems, even if that stranger made a deposit into someone else's account.
If I put 1 USD or EUR or GBP into your bank account, would your bank give me all of your banking information? Do you think they should?
@_date: 2012-10-07 06:26:23
Private enterprises should fund their own defense. I certainly *don't* want to indemnify idiots and fools against the easily foreseeable results of their own poor decisions. 
@_date: 2012-09-02 00:40:30
Actually, I knew it was a scam and didn't put a penny (or a BTC) of mine into it because 7% weekly is bullshit. 
My personal circumstances aside, promising X and not delivering it is either a breach of contract or fraud, depending on whether or not the promisor believed and intended to repay the amount lent.
Hand-waving about how it was too good to be true and people wanted to be deceived lets criminals off the hook, which isn't good. 
Pirate is either a horrible businessperson or a criminal, and his ~~investors~~ marks are idiots. 
@_date: 2012-08-19 03:16:57
Ok, but, that wasn't the question that was asked above. If you want to talk about the likelihood of IRS investigation, versus the possibility, that's great. 
Most people are concerned with income tax. No income = no tax. 
If you're not talking about a lot of money or a lot of activity, then there's nothing to get excited about. 
On the other hand, I hope you and your dad aren't thinking that if you buy some BTC that it means the magic money fairies are going to make you rich. That's not likely to happen, and if it does, it'll be taxable as income. 
Also, I can't believe I didn't see this the first time I read your question - 


The idea that Mt. Gox is safer than a local client represents a horrible misunderstanding occurring at multiple levels. It may be that you prefer convenience to security, but under no circumstances should you be using the word "safe" in the same sentence as any of the unregulated online BTC exchanges. 
@_date: 2012-09-04 06:27:33


7% of $1M is $70,000, or $280,000 in a month - and that's just the payouts to Pirate's lenders, not counting Pirate's profit and expenses.
I find it very hard to believe that drug buyers or sellers operating at that scale wouldn't find a way to cut Pirate out of the loop pretty quickly. With those numbers, it starts to be feasible to just rent/buy private planes and transfer value as currency or gold.
And if your thought is "oh, it's not one big fish, it's a lot of little ones" - that's 1,000 people spending $1000/mo on drugs. That's some pretty serious volume.  If those buyers (or sellers) are seeing approx 10% of their value disappear as it passes through Pirate's currency operations, they're gonna be motivated to find a lower-cost approach - either a cheaper BTC seller, or an alternative transfer method.
I think it's exactly comparable to the market for BTC - when people want to buy 1 BTC or $100 worth of BTC, they don't care too much if they're getting the best possible price or if they're losing some in fees to the transfer agents . . . but once the numbers get bigger, people get pretty interested in the difference between a 1% fee and a 4% fee for a transfer. 
And even if we use the drug hypothesis - the working idea here is that Pirate was somehow receiving $1M/week in cash (or equivalent) payments, transferring BTC to the buyers, and the sellers on the other end were exchanging $1M/week back into local currency. 
Are those numbers supported by the other information we have about the BTC economy? My impression is that they are not, but I haven't looked into it closely. The recent information released by Mt.Gox says that their total deposits in August were $3.1M, and a 7-day period recenty totalled $650,000.
So the drug operation Pirate was supposedly supporting did volume greater than all of Mt.Gox, allegedly the largest exchange? 
This seems awfully unlikely to me. 
@_date: 2012-09-26 03:20:53
A hypothetical person who wanted to know something about being a reporter might turn, for example, to the NYU Department of Journalism's Handbook for Students, if they wanted to learn more about how and when to use an "off the record" interview:




Perhaps you could explain what you did to independently confirm the "off the record" information you received from Sonny. 
@_date: 2012-09-18 19:33:33
This is *not* a tax issue - at least not if he's got competent tax advice.
Assuming - and I do not believe this is true - that he has a legitimate business somewhere under all of that bullshit, the income it earns would be taxable. However, the interest he pays would be deductible. So he probably isn't looking at some giant tax bill - it would be a miracle if he somehow had a business which actually generated excess revenue large enough to make the interest payments he's promised people.
Of course, if he actually paid out, then he'd be obligated to report all of the interest paid, and the people who received it would be obligated to pay taxes on the interest. 
However, I think it does the truth a disservice to even entertain the idea that this is anything other than a Ponzi scheme.
As such - since he has stolen the money he has received - he will owe income tax on all of it, and his victims will have a theft loss deduction for the amount they're actually out-of-pocket, not the inflated loss which would include the fake earnings.
@_date: 2012-09-25 21:39:47
Perhaps you've forgotten, but earlier in this thread I asked you this:


Are you saying you are actually, personally, presently capable of designing/building an ASIC-based device? Have you done this?
.. but you didn't feel like answering.
I don't know shit about ASICs. You could show me an ASIC and an FPGA and I couldn't tell you the difference. So I'm not going to run my mouth on the Internet about circuit design for ASIC/FPGA boards, and what's plausible and what's not, or what's commercially viable and what's not, because I have no idea what the fuck I'm talking about on that subject. 
I suspect you are in the same boat, given the level of defensiveness you display when someone asks what your qualifications/credentials are to offer the evaluations and conclusions that you've presented.
For all I know, Sonny Vleisides is in that boat with us, too.
Neither of your blog posts has added *any* information about that topic. I did learn from you that he's a nice guy to talk to, and (shh, this is a big secret!) that he has pretty pictures of his product. Whee! Where's my checkbook? 
@_date: 2012-11-16 00:42:30


(says the guy who's been operating for what, 10 days?) 


.. and if it was a cash deposit to your bank account, how is that going to work? 
@_date: 2012-11-15 18:18:07
You're right. I'm way too cynical. By way of apology, I'll buy some BTC from you. Go ahead and send them to my address in this thread. When they get here, I'll send you the cash. Fair enough?
@_date: 2012-09-20 23:27:00
Yeah, you're probably right. Also, upon reflection, I guess the apologists belong in the "victim" or "criminal " categories, it's just not clear which one yet. Perhaps they themselves don't even know. 
@_date: 2012-09-02 20:40:05
Yeah, guilty as charged, here. No wonder this "AMA" looked more like "ask me some softball questions and I might answer them if they don't make me too uncomfortable." I gotta work on my reading comprehension.
@_date: 2012-09-13 07:05:39


Well, that depends on your timing. If it's working for you, that's great - but a lot of people have not done so well, especially if they couldn't be satisfied with simply buying and holding BTC, but sought better returns by patronizing a Ponzi scheme, or storing bitcoins on an "exchange" with shitty security so they'd be ready to profit from short-term arbitrage opportunities. A lot of those people ended up with nothing, which is pretty bad investment performance. 
@_date: 2012-09-26 03:10:11
Well, it is useful to others who don't have experience with this subject, but who are trying to understand the significance (if any) of what's been released.
It sounds like, from an EE's perspective, the information recently released proves that they've put substantial effort into their design, and suggests (because doing otherwise would be foolish) that they've been successful thus far in prototyping. However, the existence of this board doesn't prove that they've got a debugged, working ASIC; and it's possible that if they had problems in that area, they could still be months or years from producing a working product. 
Is that a reasonable summary? 
@_date: 2012-11-15 06:39:05
The guy who was raided (allegedly in connection with the Romney tax return blackmail) supposedly had a lot more than $5K in bitcoins. Allegedly he had 371,000 BTC = $3,700,000 USD, approximately, at today's values.
I have absolutely no idea if any of those things are true; but wanted to point out that if you're sweating over $5K USD worth of BTC, you're three orders of magnitude away from what that guy had.  
@_date: 2012-08-16 01:50:10
I think it would make more sense to look at traditional small lenders like pawnshops or payday lenders. They're set up to make money on tiny transactions like that. Then just convert that $ into BTC if you really need BTC.
@_date: 2012-08-07 09:20:57


Do you know how this works in Japan? Is there a way we could know from the outside whether or not Mt. Gox is complying with those rules? That's not at all how that sort of thing works in the US; and even when balance sheet details are included on business tax returns, copies of bank statements aren't included, and those balance sheet details are unlikely to be examined/audited closely, as the tax authorities are more interested in income.
I have no idea how it works in Japan - but in the US, expecting that a business is being run honestly and competently because periodic filings are required is dangerously naive. I don't get the impression that these basic steps have helped much re Bitcoinica. 


So I admit it's possible that a very sophisticated criminal could set up systems to fool auditors - but there are not many people who have the technical and financial background to do that, much less the inclination. I think the much more likely case - that would be caught by auditors - involves simple incompetence, or low-level criminality. I think it's certainly possible that the operators of various exchanges haven't bothered to implement simple safeguards like double-entry books and the separation of customer money from operating funds.
I wear my seatbelt when driving even though it won't protect me against every sort of car accident. I wash my hands even though that won't eliminate every strain of bacteria/disease. And I think it would be nice for organizations handling millions of dollars of other people's money (or the equivalent in whatever currency you prefer) to have basic safeguards and efforts at transparency in place. Those basics won't prevent every failure and tragedy, but they can prevent a lot of them. 
@_date: 2012-11-15 06:14:18
When some unknown entity tells me they need my personal information (for "anti-money laundering" purposes, of course) but they don't provide me with theirs, beyond a gmail address, and I'm supposed to put cash into their bank account or mail them cash and then wait for them to send me some BTC's, you bet I'm a "glass half empty" kinda guy.
Try a google for "bitcoinica" or "pirate if you want to see what happens to "glass half full" people operating in an environment with non-reversible anonymous transactions. 
@_date: 2012-07-31 02:26:13
Crap. At least I only had 2 BTC on there, sold automatically at 1 BTC= 9 USD. Maybe I'm too conservative, but I really don't trust any of the exchanges - this is just another way for things to fall apart. Ugh.
@_date: 2012-09-24 00:44:22
News flash: convicted con man is charismatic, personable, able to make friends and gain sympathy.
@_date: 2012-10-07 05:29:41
A bunch of gibberish.
The heart of it seems to be this:


.. but the author provides no support for the analysis by which they reached that conclusion.
("our"? does he have a mouse in his pocket?)
I suspect that his thinking is that BTC is not "money", and thus a transfer of value for a security that is denominated in BTC not USD cannot satisfy the three-part Howey test to identify an investment contract ("whereby a person [1] invests his money in a common enterprise and [2] is led to expect profits [3] solely from the efforts of the promoter or a third party.")
It's a shame he couldn't be bothered to actually read the district court memorandum opinion (US v. Bowdoin) he cited - the conclusion to that opinion lays out pretty clearly the court's view of the definition of "security" and whether or not cute language games will be met with respect or derision:


I haven't bothered Shepardizing Bowdoin; I suspect the author of the article didn't either. 
The guy makes fun of the operator of GLBSE for not looking into securities laws - but he doesn't seem to do any better. I can't figure out what's more pathetic - completely ignoring securities laws, or making up fantasies about why they wouldn't apply, based on transparent misreadings of an arbitrary sample of caselaw. 
If I had to choose between being the first operator of an illegal BTC-denominated stock exchange to be busted, or being the second, I'd pick the first - Nefario/GLBSE will get the opportunity of capitalizing on the prosecutors' rookie mistakes, while this clown won't. 
Here's a clue: "substance not form" and "economic reality" = cute games about language are not going to work. 
@_date: 2012-10-01 05:07:55
I think this might suck for you because of payment reversals, and I am pretty skeptical it would get a lot of use. The fees you discuss are prohibitively high IMHO - I realize that's probably where they need to be for you to make money, and I'm not opposed to that, but even 20% seems crazy to me. 
This might work if you could connect it to a compelling impulse buy service/offering that accepted small amounts of BTC  - right now the only thing I know of that's really BTC-only is Silk Road, the other services that take BTC will cheerfully take other payment methods, so there's no reason for someone to pay a 20-35% exchange fee. 
But, if there was some really interesting product for, say, 2 BTC, maybe you'd get people who would be willing to pay 2 * [exchange rate] * 1.3 to buy that thing. 
Maybe that's Silk Road, I dunno, drugs are not interesting to me these days. 
But I think most people are otherwise buying BTC just to say they have some (and getting fucked on the purchase takes all the fun out of that), or because they think the price will rise, or they see an arbitrage opportunity. All of those are price-sensitive transactions, not the impulse-oriented "LONELY/BORED, MUST BUY PORN NOW" or "MUST BUY POT NOW, PARTY COMING" things that make people ignore a 35% markup. 
@_date: 2012-09-07 22:35:49
On the other hand, people paying at the door don't have to worry that they paid for a conference that never happens because "our server/MtGox account got hacked!"
@_date: 2012-08-02 19:18:24
I want to be clear that I have no inside information about Intersango/Bitcoin Consultancy, so I'm speaking generally about the industry, not about them particularly.
That being said, I'm pretty skeptical about tiny companies that want to hold other people's money. In most/all cases, these companies aren't run by people with any banking/accounting/bookkeeping experience, and it's not at all clear to me that they even bother to keep customer money separate from their own operating funds. 
And - even if they do bother to keep funds separated, with no oversight from customers, auditors, or regulatory bodies, the temptation to "borrow" a little bit from customer funds seems like it might be pretty high, especially (a) if the operators didn't come from a culture where financial shenanigans are absolutely forbidden, and (b) if the business looks like it's failing, or close to failing. 
Most small businesses are undercapitalized - the difference is that most small businesses aren't sitting on piles of other people's money that they can access secretly and untraceably. 
So I'll let BTC-E sit on 2 BTC of mine - but I'm totally shocked and amazed that people are willing to let these tiny operations (run, in Bitcoinica's case, for some time by a person who in the US would be considered a child, and hence unable to form binding contracts or open a bank account without adult supervision) hold tens or hundreds of thousands of USD worth of value. 
If you haven't thought through the difference between holding value as BTC that's in your wallet, and letting someone else hold your money and what you've got is some entry in some database somewhere that says they've got BTC of yours, you really ought to spend some time on that distinction. And if you don't see a giant difference, keep working on it.
Business failures, computer crime, fraud, embezzlement, and simple human error are all very real. In the US, at least, we've become pretty blase about these things with funds on deposit at a financial institution because of formal (and informal) guarantee programs that mean that we don't really have to give a shit whether or not someone steals from our bank, or whether or not our bank lends itself into insolvency with horrible loans, because private insurers and the government will make sure that we get our deposits back.  
This is absolutely not the case with the various "exchanges" that are accepting deposits (or whatever they want to call them) denominated in crypto and fiat currencies - they are the equivalent of giving your money to some guy in a bar, perhaps a guy that some of your friends have given money to. Hopefully he's honest and competent and he'll pay you back. But if he turns out to be a criminal, or if he's attacked by criminals, or if he just loses all of the money he's holding through simple human error, you're fucked. There's no way that guy will ever earn enough money in his lifetime to pay back all the money he lost, and he's got no motivation to even try. 
So, when exchange operators say "oh, we've had a little delay at the bank, sorry we can't give you funds right now but it's gonna be fixed soon", you should be aware that's probably the last warning you'll get before all of your funds are gone and never coming back. 
The unfortunate thing is that's also what you'd hear if they really did have a little delay at the bank and everything's fine. There's really no way for those of us on the outside to know whether or not the delay is caused by some bank bureaucracy or because they're waiting for some more suckers to deposit funds so they can keep what's now a Ponzi scheme running for a few more days/weeks/months. 
@_date: 2012-10-07 05:48:19
There are two questions here:
1. Are BTC "money"?
2. Is a BTC-denominated investment not an investment contract? 
It's perfectly possible that BTC will not be strictly considered "money" (this is a question that will have a lot of different, and potentially conflicting, answers depending on who's asking, and for what purpose) but it is a good bet that any exchange of value for the opportunity to participate in the profits of someone else's business venture will be considered an investment contract.
Seriously, do you *really* imagine that the entire investment regulatory scheme in place now can be dodged with a game as simple as:
1. I will trade you one share of my company in exchange for an autograph from Erik Estrada.
2. Erik Estrada just happens to be sitting here next to me. He will give you an autograph for $100.
3. ???
4. Profit!
If you think that works, perhaps you should get in touch with Pirate I hear he's got some good investment opportunities . . . 
("but, but, but . . . everyone knows that Erik Estrada autographs aren't money! this is bullshit! help, help, I'm being repressed! don't Taze me, bro!") 
@_date: 2012-11-16 01:13:52
So you get my money, and if I need to get in touch with you, I can deal with GoDaddy's anonymous domain name registration, or I can send E-mail to a  account.
What could possibly go wrong? 
@_date: 2012-08-08 22:51:36
Yeah! Because filling a form out and paying a filing fee means that you're honest, competent, and solvent, and will be into the indefinite future, no matter what. Duh! Some of these people on the Internet are so *stupid!*
@_date: 2012-10-07 00:11:26
I don't get the impression that there's a "we" to be funding anything - some people seem to believe that BTC is the functional equivalent of MMORPG money, effectively too trivial for legal/tax systems to recognize; other people want BTC to be outlaw money, and don't want to see the regulation that would come with recognition. 
Personally, I don't think there's anything that must be done - trade is trade, income is income, and special rules are unnecessary and distracting/distorting. 
@_date: 2012-09-20 21:59:36
The only reason we don't know "the whole story" is because he isn't telling us his side. The government laid out their side pretty well in the indictment and the affidavit for the extradition warrant. 
It's not at all clear that there was any involvement with any kind of sportsbook. He was indicted and plead guilty to running a lottery scam, where he told people he would take their money and buy lottery tickets - then he never bought the tickets. He has some sort of half-baked story about a "lottery derivative" where he's going to mirror the performance of the underlying obligation . . . which means that he's going to keep people's money when they lose, but if they actually win, he won't have the money to pay off the jackpot (because his operation is much smaller), so the participant gets fucked. 
Of course, you don't have to worry about the performance of the underlying obligation IF IT DOESN'T EXIST IN THE FIRST PLACE, and you just report to the participant "sorry, the numbers we picked for you didn't turn out to be winners" . . BECAUSE THERE WERE NO FUCKING NUMBERS, AND THERE WERE NO WINNERS.
This is not "jurisdictional arbitrage"*, it's fucking out-and-out fraud. 
(* the phrase he used was "jurisdictional arbitration", but the phrase he was reaching for is "jurisdictional arbitrage", and it's somewhat more complicated than just trying (and failing) to avoid extradition.) 
Do you believe this sort of crap about other people convicted of crimes? Do you think "we don't know the whole story" about Madoff or any of the other millions of convicted criminals? 
It's one thing to be open minded, it's another thing to be willfully blind to facts and reasonable inferences therefrom that are right in front of your nose.
Do you honestly believe that it's somehow sensible to trust people who aren't even finished with their probation (for stealing $20M from old people) with new money?
As for "hasn't wronged anyone in this community yet", wtf? Do you let random people off the street sleep in your house, because they haven't done anything bad to *you*, yet? Do you really let just any random asshole hold/manage your money, simply because they haven't "wronged anyone in [your] community"? Do you suppose that maybe someone who's willing to wrong other communities might not see a problem with wronging yours . . . and maybe they're in the middle of doing that right now, except that you won't know until all your shit is gone? 
Look, I'm fucking sad to see this go down this way because the BFL stuff sounded pretty cool (if it even exists), but how much more of a clue, beyond a $20M fraud conviction that's less than 3 years old, do you need? I get the impression the dude could be in your house, fucking your wife, ordering pizza with your credit card and wiping his face on your sofa cushions while his dog pisses on your carpet, and you'd say "well, let's not jump to conclusions, we don't have the whole story yet, maybe this is an elaborate hoax to prepare me for the moment when the Prize Patrol comes with my billion dollar dividend check, it would be rude to challenge him or ask him to explain, I think this is probably how all rich people act, and I'm about to be rich, so I'd better just STFU  . . ." 
@_date: 2012-09-09 04:55:54
I didn't know about him either (not interested in ~~HYIP~~ Ponzis) but apparently he was offering people approx 1% weekly interest rate on funds loaned to him. He said he was re-loaning the money to others, and investing in mining. Unfortunately, one of the others turned out to be Pirate. 
@_date: 2012-09-29 18:48:32


They can do whatever it is that you would do if your bank mysteriously closed your account. Chances are you wouldn't just say "oh, well, probably they'll give it back someday, or something." (Or, if you would, then why does it bother you if Mt.Gox does that, too?)


Assuming you have proof that the funds were deposited, why not? Seems like, if you can show that you made a deposit in the amount of X at 10:00 AM on Sept 15 (or whatever), and you've got a receipt, Mt.Gox could call Barclays, verify that the deposit was made, and credit you for the funds. Chances are, Mt.Gox' funds are either making their way through the banking system (worst case would probably be that Barclays has Fedexed a Euro or pound-denominated bank check to Japan, and the Mt.Gox people will need to then deposit that check to a bank account in Japan, and it'll probably include some extra wait time for weekends, bank holidays, etc) - or Mt.Gox funds have been *frozen*, but if that's the case, they should either deal with that internally, or tell the rest of the world what's going on. 
The most likely explanation is that nobody gives a shit about you or your money or the inconvenience, and they're going to give you access to your funds when they get around to it. [As genjix has demonstrated]( sometimes the people who run exchanges just don't care if customers lose access to funds temporarily or permanently, especially if they think you've got more money than they do.
The other possibility is that Mt.Gox isn't actually liquid enough to credit you for the irretrievable deposit you've already made into *their* bank account, perhaps because they've made poor financial decisions, had security problems, or their accounts are being frozen. 
So: uncaring or illiquid? You make the call. 
@_date: 2012-08-07 00:21:29


Why are you sure? Because it would be uncomfortable to imagine anything else? 


Because, as you pointed out, complying with GAAP (or other standard practices) can be complicated and expensive, especially if the people who designed the business process/infrastructure don't come from a financial background. 
Mark Karpeles is the one name that's most clearly identified as operating Mt. Gox - his background, according to the Tibanne company's website, is in IT and project management. His resume, according to LinkedIn, shows 9 years of technical/IT experience.
I would no more expect him to magically know how to run a bank than I would expect some banking guy with 9 years of experience to write PHP code or run a webserver. Banking and financial institution operation/management strike me as enterprises that are even less compatible with learning on nights/weekends as an amateur than PHP/server admin.
Perhaps he has hired or otherwise associated other talented/experienced individuals who are helping Mt. Gox, but the names of such people (if they exist) are not easily found. This makes me think that either they do not exist, or they are unwilling to link their reputations with Mt. Gox.
And, yes, I am very clear that Mt. Gox is not a bank, but I get the impression that a lot of people are not so clear on the fact that "exchanges" are not banks. And, when the "exchanges" start holding on to people's money for days or weeks or months, they're basically acting like a bank, even if that's not how they're licensed. 
The auditing procedure consists (broadly speaking) of making sure that a company's books are internally consistent and are compiled in accordance with normal accounting practices, and in making sure that the books appear to match exactly the things that are happening in the external/physical world - e.g., the assets that are shown on the balance sheet seem to match the assets that are present in the physical/external world. The liabilities that are shown on the balance sheet seem to match the liabilities that the rest of the world believes in. Where it's not feasible or possible to do this exhaustively, it's done by random sampling. 
Of particular interest for any exchange would, of course, be to compare the total liabilites which reflect customer deposits versus the funds held by the exchange to satisfy those liabilities. 
If someone with a reputation and assets on the line were to say "We've looked at the books for Mt. Gox and they show 5M BTC in customer deposits, and we've looked at the hot and cold wallets designated for holding customer funds and they hold 5M BTC. We took a snapshot of the database and totalled up the deposits reflected in the company's customer-facing systems and they also showed 5M BTC deposits" then that would be pretty interesting. 
Of course, if that were not the case, it would probably look exactly the way it does now. If Mt. Gox hired some auditors, and the auditors found themselves unable to say something like the above, and told Mt. Gox "well, we can say that your records show 5M BTC in deposits and you've got 2.5M in your wallets", chances are Mt. Gox would say "Ok, thanks, please keep that confidential" and nothing would be publicly visible. 
@_date: 2012-08-03 01:46:49
Take a look at
for starters.
@_date: 2012-09-25 22:43:17
On reflection, I'm curious - this evaluation of the information shared with you, that it's enough to give you a substantial head start as a competitor . . . was that your conclusion, or Sonny's? 
If it was yours, it would be helpful for you to explain what it is that makes you qualified to make such an evaluation. 
If it was Sonny's, it would be helpful to explain *that*, and then questions about your background are irrelevant. 
@_date: 2012-09-05 02:25:49
where "audit" means they run an automated scan against the public-facing website once daily.
From the McAfee website:


@_date: 2012-11-16 00:28:02
Your new business is a disaster waiting to happen and it's better for it to die young than to get big then die and take a lot of other people's money with it. 
See, e.g., Bitcoinica.
@_date: 2012-12-14 20:24:42
It's not like HSBC is above a little money laundering themselves, so they're not well positioned to complain.
Seriously, though, I'm not a Mt.Gox fan, but I think it would be better if you would substantiate your claims, or at least be more specific. I don't really see how using a mail drop address is fraud - and you're probably not going to get a lot of sympathy among Bitcoiners that failing to disclose one's address makes one a criminal.
However, it is amusing if Mt.Gox, who seem to be in the forefront of making people disclose a ridiculous amount of information to do business with them, are themselves using fake, maildrop, or otherwise "not real" addresses; and if they're doing that with HSBC, who's otherwise in the news for engaging in massive money laundering, and escaping prosecution because they're "too big to indict". 
Couldn't happen to a nicer bunch of folks.
@_date: 2012-08-02 00:54:10
Yeah, I had a sell order in there hoping to catch a price at the higher end of what looked like the normal trading range - instead sold at the beginning of a fake price jump. The trade ended up being rolled back so I'm exactly where I started. It does serve as a reminder that I should probably set up some sort of monitoring thing to ping me if prices/volume go crazy.
@_date: 2012-09-25 21:40:02
Sorry if I didn't understand that 


actually meant "they have pretty pictures", and should not be understood to mean that, well, you could actually build your own ASIC line. My mistake. Are there any other things you've written hyperbolically that should be re-evaluated in light of this recent revelation? 
@_date: 2012-09-24 06:02:38
Unless I misunderstood, the interview took place over Skype; I'm pretty skeptical about any technical "evidence" presented over video chat.
I'm not saying the ASICs exist, or don't - I honestly have no idea - but waving a black box around on a Skype call doesn't do a lot for me to nudge the true/false needle in either direction.
I do think that people who say "I talked to the con man, and I liked him! He's a nice guy! I want to have a beer with him!" are completely missing the boat re how confidence schemes work. Of course scammers are nice guys who you want to have a beer with. They have fascinating stories and they're tremendously entertaining. They're expert at triggering all of the "trust me! like me!" responses that we've learned since childhood. That's how they manage to take money from honest people.
@_date: 2012-09-04 06:11:00
Earlier you said 


and I was hoping you would elaborate on that. 
@_date: 2012-08-06 20:22:47
But you've still got to ask yourself, who are these people running Intersango, do they have any financial/banking experience? Is the business being run with internal checks/balances/safeguards? Are there processes in place to identify potential problems before the sad day when everything just collapses and it's too late to do anything?
How responsibly have the principals of Intersango conducted themselves with respect to the Bitcoinica problems? Have they been honest and transparent and cooperative? Have they made what appear to be genuine efforts to solve problems in a reasonable fashion, and have they taken steps to prevent further problems? Have they made the prevention of further losses and the recovery of prior losses a top priority? 
While Intersango and Bitcoinica are claimed to be separate entities (apparently there were some irregularities with the formation of the new entities which were to own/control Bitcoinica, so ownership may not be what those involved intended), the behavior of the principals when faced with problems in one circumstance seems like a very good clue about how they're likely to behave if faced with problems again. And the steps they took (or didn't take) to avoid problems with the operation of Bitcoinica may give some insight into the steps they've taken in the operation of Intersango.
And when people say "Intersango hasn't been hacked", what they're really saying is "I don't know about any Intersango hacks". It's perfectly possible that Intersango has been hacked and just paid the hackers to go away, or that Intersango has been hacked, lost funds, and is now operating in Ponzi mode hoping to make up the losses on volume. 
(Of course, that's true of any/all of the unaudited exchanges.)
@_date: 2012-09-29 19:06:59
A legitimate business cannot do this; unless the amount that they steal from you is small enough that it's not worth pursuing. It is often possible to steal small amounts of money (either outright, or by denying them the use of their own funds = time value of money) from a large number of people and escape bad consequences because no particular individual wants to be bothered by fighting over the wrongdoing, since no particular individual has been harmed terribly.
Still, it may be possible for you to initiate a lawsuit or a regulatory complaint against Mt.Gox for their misbehavior. It is very unlikely that Mt.Gox terms of service say that it is your problem if *their* bank account is frozen/closed after you put money into it; and if they do say that, those terms of service are likely unenforceable against you.
@_date: 2012-09-03 22:37:01
Please list some of those ways, especially those which would have funds liquid on a weekly basis. It doesn't matter if they're legal or not - you're just talking hypothetically about potential businesses, not confessing to doing them yourself. 
I don't think any of the traditional answers (drugs, prostitution, loansharking) fit the criteria, but, hey, educate me/us . . .
Do these businesses exist in an environment where unlimited growth is possible? Most of the illegal trades I can think of have certain natural limits based on the population interested in whatever's being sold and competition. That's the only explanation I see for borrowing more and more $, rather than tapering off the borrowing at astronomical rates once the business was operating. 
@_date: 2012-08-14 23:35:58
It probably depends on how much money you're talking about.
Most people are wary of accepting Paypal and transferring BTC because Paypal is known for reversing transactions days/weeks/months after they happen, but the BTC transfer is effectively instantaneous and irreversible. So the person you're trading with is taking a risk that you'll accept the BTC, then tell Paypal that your account was hacked or your credit card was stolen or whatever, and then the person loses the Paypal funds and the BTC.
@_date: 2012-11-15 20:07:46
I didn't say you're a scammer, but I do think your proposed transactions are indistinguishable from those that are proposed by scammers. I think it's more likely you have good intentions and no idea what the fuck you're doing. We've already seen people lose hundreds of thousands of dollars because of well-meaning people who have no idea what the fuck they're doing (e.g., Bitcoinica).
The only question in my mind is whether you're going to go out of business (to the extent that you can be said to be in business today) because of lack of interest, because someone figures out how to steal all of your funds, or because you get shut down by some authority or another. You seem to be simultaneously clueless about BTC culture, computer/network security, and the legal environment for money transmitters/money service businesses.
But, hey, you're a new business, so we should all line up to mail you our cash or our BTC's, right? 
@_date: 2012-12-18 06:10:50
This relates to bitcoin because . . ?
@_date: 2012-08-04 00:31:43


That's exactly my point - I don't see how/why a person would end up with "too many BTC", because as they approached that point, they'd just stop doing whatever it was they had been doing, rather than get too many and then need to construct a complicated scheme for giving them away.
And I thought the lending was being done for the purpose of *reducing* this hypothetical rich person's oversupply of BTC, not the means by which they earned it.
Which is it? 
This is starting to sound like the old dot-com days, where Company A would buy $1M worth of ads on Company B's website, and Company B would buy $1M worth of ads on Company A's website, and both of them would crow about how much money they were making. 
(Alternate version: Company A "invests" $1M in Company B, and Company B buys $1M worth of advertising from Company A. Company A uses the revenue to raise more cash from investors. Company B uses this "investment" to attract unsophisticated investors at an attractive valuation, because Company A certainly has a good reputation, and if they're investing, well, we can just skip over that tedious due diligence stuff.)


I understood you to be saying that the hypothetical rich person with too much BTC wants to give it away - and that's what they're doing, if they're offering to pay interest rates far beyond what other markets are paying, especially if there's effectively no risk, which there wouldn't be, if the borrower is solvent (doesn't even need the funds) and creditworthy. 
What you're proposing is the equivalent of a parent buying a glass of lemonade from their kid's lemonade stand - the kid thinks they just "earned $5", even though the parent paid for the lemons, the sugar, the water, the cup, and the parent doesn't even *want* the lemonade.
And this hypothetical rich person with too many BTC is doing this because they have too many funds, and don't want to be subject to "demagoguery", even though BTC makes it easy to separate those funds into tens or hundreds of different wallets, making it effectively impossible to know that one entity holds all of those funds, much less who that entity is. 
So, to avoid loneliness or demagoguery, the rich person decides that they're going to patronize a bunch of lemonade stands, buying lemonade they don't really need at inflated prices, because they want the people running the lemonade stands to like them and/or not be jealous of their wealth. Ok . . . but it turns out that the people who are going to run these artificially profitable lemonade stands have to buy all of their supplies from the rich guy, and he's not going to buy all of the lemonade at once, and the people who get to run these lemonade stands might have to "invest" a little bit of their own cash for a little while, but, hey, they're getting $5 for a glass of lemonade which is a lot better than those kids down the street are getting, and the rich guy is buying a glass every week, and they only had to pay the rich guy $250 to set up the lemonade stand, so pretty soon they're going to be making a lot of money . . . 


Yes, unless/until they were willing and able to demonstrate the underlying technology.
If they insisted that they had the technology but couldn't reveal it for some reason, but wanted to borrow money at incredibly inflated interest rates but would make payments weekly on that "loan", the only questions in my mind would be whether or not the operators of the Ponzi would be able to escape from the jurisdiction before being arrested, and if they would be able to find a new home base that wouldn't extradite. 
Does anyone have an example of a legitimate investment behind all of this besides pet rocks and a 1000mpg gasoline engine? 


I gather that you *do* understand this, so please explain it to the rest of us. 


Are you claiming that you know what BTCS&amp;T is doing? 
@_date: 2012-07-18 22:14:37
The Wikipedia article on [fractional reserve banking]( might be helpful. 
@_date: 2012-10-07 05:31:01


FTFY. HTH. 
@_date: 2012-11-15 06:34:38
This hypothetical attacker would need a way to exchange their counterfeit USD for BTC. They could do this by interacting with an exchange; but since exchanges don't take cash directly, they'd need to deposit the counterfeit into a bank, which is pretty risky.
Or, they could buy the BTC from local in-person sellers, but it'd be tough to get enough from little local guys to make a dent in the BTC economy. 
I think the only practical way to do this is through traditional banks - and if someone's got the ability to print counterfeit USD that can be successfully passed at real banks (which seems like a pretty big assumption) I'm skeptical that they'd really give a fuck about Bitcoin - at that point they can just print themselves whatever they need and go live with John McAfee in Belize and drink fruity drinks on the beach and play with shotguns and 17-year olds.
@_date: 2012-09-02 20:56:17
I don't have sympathy for the investors, but I don't have sympathy for scammers, either.
As far as I'm concerned, the ~~investors~~ victims did something foolish with their money: let's say they left a $20 bill sitting outside on their porch/stoop overnight. Clearly idiotic, but it was their property, and nobody else had a right to take it. Someone came along and took the $20 bill that had been carelessly left outside unguarded. That was wrong, even if the owner of the $20 bill did a horrible job of managing their wealth. 
I'm just sorry that this is a major public face of BTC - the currency of Ponzis, similar to the perception of E-gold before its demise. It gets attention from idiots ("woo, look, I can get crazy interest rates on my money, and someday I'll have enough to buy that perpetual motion time machine I've been wanting!") until the Ponzis crash, and then it gets attention as the vehicle used by criminals to steal from the gullible. And ordinary people don't see themselves in either of those categories and decide it's not for them. :(
@_date: 2012-07-21 06:46:51
Look at what happened in the aftermath of the Giffords shooting: nothing.
Look at what happened in the aftermath of the Oslo/Utoya attacks: nothing.
The "gun control" ship has already sailed. Not everyone likes guns, but we've had enough attempts at gun control since the Gun Control Act of 1968 for it to be pretty clear that more restrictions isn't going to lead to more safety.
The political juice just isn't there. The usual suspects are already bleating and whining and carrying on - but gun control is political suicide in most parts of the United States, and the Democrats know very well that fucking around with that cost Al Gore the election in 2000 (he even lost in his home state), and they can blow this fall's election, too, if they get the NRA and the Tea Party people good and worked up about gun control plans. 
Nobody who likes guns can be very excited about Mitt Romney - but it's a pretty sure bet that anyone Romney nominates to the Supreme Court is gonna be a couple notches to the right of anyone that Obama nominates for the Supreme Court, and Obama's best hope to cripple the 2nd Amendment, long term, is through Supreme Court appointments. Legislation (like the Assault Weapons Ban of 1994) comes and goes - but Supreme Court decisions last tens of decades if not centuries. 
So if the Democrats want to get used to the words "President Romney", getting all worked up about gun control would be a great idea. I suspect they're smarter than that and they're going to STFU and if the Republicans have any sense, they'll do that, too.
@_date: 2012-08-22 06:28:01


That worked out so well for people who kept funds at Bitcoinica . . . 
@_date: 2012-08-16 01:43:39
You probably need to load the right video drivers.
@_date: 2012-08-03 22:44:36


I can't - but BS&amp;T didn't start out at that scale. And it's not clear that BS&amp;T is a "business" in the usual sense of that term. 


I don't know how to make 6% in a week, and I'm pretty skeptical that anyone does, at least with a business model that's sustainable.
And while there may very well be people who *do* know how to do that, I don't see why they would borrow at these ridiculous rates. There are tons of sources for private capital that would be overjoyed to get 6% a month, and with some documentation/disclosure it'd probably be possible to approach borrowing at 6% annually, or worst case something more like 30%. 
As far as I can tell, the theory is that there's some amazing guy somewhere, who has somehow discovered/invented/stumbled upon a business opportunity that multiplies funds at an amazing rate, but the problem is this guy can't get credit from even traditional high-risk sources, so he's got to pay extortionate rates to people who lend BTC, which this guy then has to convert back to USD or whatever his local currency is . . . and this amazing business opportunity runs on liquid funds, so that it works no matter how many (or how few) are available, and they can all be returned on very short notice. 
Can you describe a business/industry that has those characteristics? The closest I can come is payday lenders, but that's a pretty well-understood industry with players who are publicly traded, and they can borrow at rates much better than 6% weekly. 
The closest thing I've seen to an explanation of BS&amp;T is [here]( which is somewhat opaque, but it seems to suggest that Pirate believes that long-term the BTC market is doomed, so it makes sense for him to borrow BTC when its value is high compared to fiat currency, sell it, and wait for a crash to re-buy BTC and repay his investors with that much cheaper BTC. 
And that makes perfect sense, but it certainly doesn't line up with the "amazing business opportunity that for some reason can't borrow from traditional sources" theory, or the "lonely rich guy wants to buy some friends" theory. 
@_date: 2012-11-09 01:39:54
Well, good luck. I think their "transparency" has been laughable and if there were a bet going on betsofbitco.in about whether or not they're engaged in fractional reserve "banking" (to use a term loosely), I'd be betting on "yes".
I think the risk that an exchange operator will run off with your funds is much more important than whatever wins or losses you imagine you'll get with speculation.
Have you followed the threads on here where people made GBP deposits to Mt.Gox, got a month of support non-answers, followed by an response which was basically "we'll look into it and let you know later." Do you imagine that they wouldn't do the same to you in a heartbeat? 
@_date: 2012-10-17 08:08:54
I'm surprised thy didn't read the blockchain directly.
@_date: 2012-09-09 01:19:16
Turns out he was partly just a Pirate passthrough at a much shittier pretend interest rate. So much for diversifying Ponzi "investments".
@_date: 2012-11-16 19:30:50
If you don't have user accounts, how can you tell? If I put $750 into your bank account to buy BTC for address A, and $750 into your bank account to buy BTC for address B, how do you know whether or not those transactions are for the same person? 
@_date: 2012-08-12 01:59:00
It may be anonymous on your side - but local regulations may prohibit the retention of anonymous donation (I don't know) on the candidate's side of the transaction. You can already mail envelopes with cash, BTC is just more effiicient (and less private).
@_date: 2013-03-30 00:40:43
bitpay.com and coinbase.com do it.
@_date: 2013-04-02 00:43:06
The rate of growth is clearly not sustainable long-term; the more important question is whether this (or some other) valuation is sustainable.
@_date: 2013-03-19 01:53:33
No, read the sentence before the bold text in the quoted part of the regs:


@_date: 2013-03-27 23:53:56
This retrospective "coulda, shoulda, woulda" second-guessing is noob thinking. Taking money off the table when you can, at a reasonable profit, is a good thing. 
One of the best transactions I ever made was selling some stock for $150/share that I'd purchased at $200/share . . . because shortly thereafter, it went to $3/share. When I did it, I was pissed at myself for losing the $50/share . . . but when the price hit $3, I was just glad I was able to hang onto 75% of my funds to keep going. 
Some of the saddest people I've talked to have been people who refused to sell at anything less than a historic high, because they didn't want to "get screwed" - instead, they rode their investments into the dirt and got $0, instead of 90% of the best price ever. 
Market timing on a consistent basis is impossible; don't mistake luck for skill. 
It's perfectly possible that BTC's volatility will decrease over time. I hope it does; I personally find BTC interesting as a means for storing and transmitting value, and have no interest in it as a get-rich-quick scheme. I've accidentally made money holding BTC, which I'm not complaining about, but the current volatility limits BTC's attractiveness to me as a financial technology/instrument. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 04:19:28
Active moderation and an updated FAQ that's more prominently mentioned in the title/sidebar. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 23:56:16
It can be perceived as shady because some people use it to buy drugs or other forbidden things from Silk Road.
It can be perceived as shady because there have been a lot of scams where the people operating the scam wanted to be paid using BTC because of the apparent lack of regulation and the irreversibility of transfers. 
It can be perceived as risky because it's had a very steep growth in value relative to other things (such as USD or gold or stocks), which can suggest that the valuation is based upon excitement, not real fundamentals, and if the excitement disappears the valuation can disappear, leading to large losses. 
Some people have claimed that economic activity undertaken using BTC is not subject to tax or regulation; while this is not true, it does contribute to a perception that it's a tool to be used by people who don't obey laws, which makes people who do obey laws feel uncomfortable. 
@_date: 2013-02-16 02:03:28
Bitcoins are not depreciable assets. Gain or loss is not recognized until an asset has been sold/destroyed, unless you've made a mark-to-market election.
Examination for 2011 returns filed 4/15/2012 won't start until this summer, assuming the typical schrduling cycle.
@_date: 2013-04-02 00:52:21
Someone was here recently complaining that the escrow didn't do what he expected/wanted, and the other guy got the BTC and the $. I didn't get the impression he told the entire story, but it does seem clear enough that (1) he used the escrow, and (2) he was sad afterwards. It sounds like it's not foolproof (which would be a tough thing to do).
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:31:01
(Approximately) everyone agrees that taxes should be paid - and that *other people* should pay them.
@_date: 2013-03-05 20:25:50
I think it would make sense to think about arguments for/against bitcoin *for a particular purpose*. 
You could look at it as a long-term store of value, or a long-term investment, or for speculation, or simply as an immediate medium of exchange/value transfer. 
I think people who expect it to be a long-term investment or value store, starting today, are insane. (And, yeah, reasonable minds may differ, and everyone's got the right to do as they please with their stuff. But no way am I putting my life savings in anything as volatile as BTC.) 
On the other hand, I think it totally works as a way to transmit value across the country or across the planet, instantly, without a lot of external bureaucracy. The catch is that the fees and the bureaucracy happen as value enters/leaves the BTC ecosystem, even though internal transfers are easy and cheap and simple. 
@_date: 2013-03-19 04:23:59


If you mean "perfectly enforce", then, yes, but every law/regulation is written with the understanding that some people will violate it without being caught.
The lack of perfect enforcement is interesting if the (purported) policy reasons behind the rule are only valid if perfect enforcement is possible - e.g., we don't abandon the idea that we can outlaw murder, because not every murderer is caught. It's nice to keep the number of murders down, even if we can't get it to zero.
From a regulator's point of view, a rule which is enforced occasionally, or what they feel like it, can be very valuable - if everyone's a lawbreaker, but not everyone is caught/punished, then the people with the discretion to select people for prosecution/punishment are in a very powerful position, and can use their discretion to achieve other personal/political/policy goals. 
So if your point is "FinCEN are idiots because they won't catch every miner", or "These regs are useless because perfect compliance/enforcement isn't going to happen", then I think you're on the wrong track.
@_date: 2013-02-16 04:21:47
I am confident that IRS would take the position that a gain caused by holding BTC would be taxable; so logically a loss caused by holding BTC would potentially be deductible. If the BTC was held for investment, I would treat it as a capital loss. If the BTC were held by an individual, unrelated to a trade or business, not for investment but merely to facilitate transactions, I would view that as a nondeductible loss. 
(Similarly, if a person bought, say, $20 worth of car wash tokens, used $10 worth of them, and sold the remaining tokens for $5, I don't see a deductible loss.) 
@_date: 2013-03-28 18:24:28
@_date: 2013-04-03 05:58:08
If people can be persuaded to hold BTC through "accounts" versus in their own wallets, then, yes, it's possible.
@_date: 2013-04-03 08:38:28
Personal observation. Try it yourself?
@_date: 2013-04-02 17:45:56
The best way to determine this would be to have a global honesty check - in a coordinated fashion, everyone moves all of their BTC out of exchanges and into personally controlled wallets (online, brain, local storage, whatever) for a day or two.
If exchanges are spending/loaning money that's not theirs, it will quickly become apparent. 
In fact, even the credible threat of doing this might have interesting results. 
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:21:14
Yeah, probably they'll just pack up quietly some night and disappear without a fight.
@_date: 2013-04-01 04:04:04
Reported for begging. WTF is it about BTC that turns people into fucking panhandlers?
@_date: 2013-04-03 02:30:09
I realize it's the title of the article as published, but I think the title is a little misleading - as the article says, 




.. the events in Cyprus have certainly given my own (far far away in the USA) interest in BTC a more concrete foundation, but I am skeptical that there are a lot of Cypriots actually buying BTC - for one thing, who's selling it to them, and how? 
@_date: 2013-03-28 18:31:54
They prove you're buying and selling bitcoins by having an undercover cop respond to your localbitcoins ad and actually doing a transaction with you.
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:28:01
Bitcoin is a technology. Once a technology exists, good people will use it and bad people will use it. You don't get to decide whether or not Bitcoin exists, because it already does. You can wish it didn't exist, but that won't make it go away.
So you can choose what you want to do, now that you know it exists, and (sort of) how it works.
@_date: 2013-04-05 19:52:13
TIL someone still uses Intersango.
@_date: 2013-01-28 21:12:32
I think there are two basic problems - the mail fraud conviction of the CEO, and the delays in production. One of those two alone would be difficult - but saying "trust us, it'll be just a couple more weeks" is tough when senior management has been convicted (after a guilty plea, so it's not like they got the wrong guy) of taking people's money in exchange for lies. 
I'm not at all shocked to see a new company see a lot of slips in their design/production schedule - it'd be more remarkable if that didn't happen - but the combination of the mail fraud, the optimistic timelines, and taking pre-order money is not likely to create a lot of happy feelings. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 06:19:58
Sort of . . . what if it's not lost, but they play the AML card, and suddenly insist you provide lots of identity documents, and/or "sorry! bank holiday! no funds move for 3 days!", or "the bank closed our account, it'll be a few weeks until we get this sorted . . ."
 "Safe as a bank" has a new meaning, post-Cyprus.
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:28:41
The big guy already has this.
@_date: 2013-03-29 05:00:39
Michael, is that you? 
You're driving around in a Knight Rider knockoff while browsing Reddit and composing Bitcoin-related tinfoil hat conspiracy bullshit with voice recognition? Fuck, the future is totally here right now. I stand corrected and prostrate myself before your overhelming awesomeness. 
@_date: 2013-03-07 06:37:20
The safest thing is to move the BTC to a wallet on your computer or a paper wallet. Exchanges are not like government-insured and regulated banks - they can fail, a lot of them have failed, or been hacked, and people have lost hundreds of thouands of dollars due to the failures. 
I think blockchain.info is a reasonable middle-of-the-road approach, but I don't trust them with all of my BTC. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 02:25:44
As far as I can tell, the subscriber number is not decreased when someone unsubscribes, and it's incremented again if someone unsubscribes and re-subscribes, so it's not a good indicator of present interest in a subject/topic.
@_date: 2013-04-09 02:05:14
It's incredibly unlikely that they've taken this risk (or any number of others) seriously, which is why you should not store any significant value on an exchange for any significant period of time.
Do you really think that someone who runs (or just works at) an exchange is going to give up their life (or that of their spouse/children), or endure excruciating torture, to protect your BTC? They won't. 
In a mature industry, there would be multiple layers of protection - insurance, multiple cold wallets, secret-shared keys, etc. I wouldn't expect any of that at the current level of development with the BTC industry.
@_date: 2013-03-30 21:44:53
You come off looking worse than they do.
It would be more instructive/helpful to others if you would calmly explain what happened rather than just repeating "YOU ARE A SCAM BECAUSE YOU ARE A LIAR AND A FRAUD GUY AND ALSO YOUR THING IS A SCAM AND I CANNOT LEAVE FEEDBACK SO SCAM FRAUD LIE FRAUD LIE SCAM . . ."
I get the impression that you tried to buy some bitcoins with cash, and the other guy ended up with the bitcoins and the cash (although I had to read a bunch of messages to get that much information) but other than that you haven't provided a lot of details, and details are what help people see if your story is apparently credible. 
Also, you don't seem to be willing/able to make a distinction between Localbitcoins (a service/website that matches buyers and sellers) and some random guy selling BTC. Now, it's possible that the random guy is the same as, or is connected to, Localbitcoins - but that's an even more extraordinary claim (versus that there's a dishonest person, somewhere in the world) and it needs even more proof/details showing the link beside you typing "SCAM LIE FRAUD !!!" over and over again. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 02:12:59
No. If you turn it from BTC to USD at the exchange, you've closed out your previous BTC position, and you have taxable gain/loss. 
@_date: 2013-03-17 08:31:41
It's not so easy/fast to get USD out of or into exchanges; and funds held at exchanges are at risk for loss due to hacks, dishonesty, etc.
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:29:49
If you think that the government exists to control wealth, you are mistaken. The government exists to serve and protect wealth. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 15:49:03
It just disappears. Let's say we bought all of the BTC in the world at $10/ea. Now 1 BTC changes hands at $20 because someone made a typo. Suddenly, our holdings have doubled in value! Whee! Where did that value come from? Our imagination. 
And let's say another BTC changes hands - but no typo, so it's at $10. Oh noez! We've lost half of our wealth! Where did that value go? Our imagination.
@_date: 2013-03-28 23:26:21
Don't use "market" unless you mean it.
Not trying to be a dick, but this is a basic thing that shouldn't be ignored or misunderstood. This is also true for transactions on traditional securities exchanges - it sounds like this maybe cost you $5 or so. That's a really cheap way to learn this lesson. 
When you read "market price", translate that mentally to "I don't care about the price", especially on thinly traded markets or when things are strange. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 19:44:29
They will pay as much attention to it as they paid to the petitions re building a Death Star and deporting Piers Morgan.
@_date: 2013-04-09 02:23:06


Short-term. Once you close the position, you have gain or loss; but if you've got loss, you may not be able to deduct it without paying attention to the wash sale rules. 


You probably won't receive a statement of any kind, nor will the IRS, but I wouldn't bet against the IRS issuing an administrative subpoena to get that sort of data later on, especially versus people who run their mouths on Reddit about how they're now millionaires and they don't have to pay tax. 
I am an attorney who has defended people at all levels of examination (exam, appeals, Tax Court, so far haven't needed to go to the appellate courts) and I can tell you that IRS revenue agents can and will issue subpoenas to Paypal, Ebay, and other online exchanges/services to get information about transactions. There's no reason to think they couldn't/wouldn't do that with BTC-related activity. An entirely offshore entity might be able to tell them to go fuck themselves - but Reddit is clearly within the IRS' subpoena power, as is anyone else with US presence, and I would expect Mt.Gox to cooperate rather than fight. 
@_date: 2013-03-27 00:48:50
I think you're stoned. Your heart is in the right place, but you should smoke out **or** post to Reddit, not both. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 03:18:24
Let us imagine "Shady Exchange" so we can discuss things without getting distracted by the good or bad feelings people might have about particular exchanges.
Let us further imagine that Shady Exchange is making a pretty good profit - but they are sitting on a **lot more** BTC that's apparently just sitting in people's accounts at Shady Exchange, waiting until the exchange rate is $100,000 USD/BTC or whatever. 
Let us further imagine that Shady Exchange is very busy, because many people want to buy these mysterious BTC things; and there are a lot of complaints because the servers are slow/crashing, or it takes days or weeks for manual verification processes to be completed, or they hire a bunch of people and buy a bunch of servers, but now they need a bigger office . . . in short, they experience a shortage of capital, and they believe that the shortage of capital is limiting their ability to grow the company and service their customers. 
And let us further imagine that the founders have already maxed out their credit cards, or they don't want to borrow money at extortionate credit card rates . . . 
And one night, the founders are sitting around talking, and it occurs to them that they have a giant fuckload of customers' BTC just sitting around in a wallet doing *nothing*, when it could be growing their business, and if they just used a little bit of it (maybe 5% or 10%) then nobody would ever notice or care, because most likely some fraction of the holdings are attributable to people who are dead or who forgot all about BTC after the first big crash, and it's really easy to write a SQL query that will identify all of the accounts where nobody's even logged in for more than a year . . . and besides, they're making money really fast, just not quite fast enough to pay everyone and buy new servers and rent new office space, but they're just about to turn a corner, and after that it will be easy to pay back the amount that they "borrowed" from the customers' funds, so there's really no harm in just using a little bit of that right now, we'll put it right back . . . 
And then a couple of months go by, and things aren't great but they're not awful, but the founders decide they ought to have a raise because they've been working *really hard* recently, and they're this &gt;&lt; close to getting some outside investment that they can use to pay back the loan, no problem . . . 
until business slows down a little, but they're sure it'll be back soon, so they dip into customer funds just a little more, to pay rent and keep the servers running, I mean, they have to, otherwise the whole thing will just die, and we can't have that . . . 
. . until someone figures out that they don't even need to really hold most of the BTC, they can just pretend it exists and buy some BTC when someone wants to withdraw; and if things get weird, they can always say "whoa, pardner! AML! KYC! you'll have to e-mail me a scan of your grandparents' marriage license before you can withdraw *that* much money, I mean, how do we know you even exist ?" until they get enough deposits to cover last week's withdrawls . . . 
and, in the end, there'll probably be some sort of horrible "hack" and they'll tearfully announce that the business is closing, and nobody's getting anything back, but pretty soon, they're going to start a new exchange, and they hope everyone will sign up to be customers . . .
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:15:47
I don't think that's even close to what the author of the linked article was saying.
@_date: 2013-03-17 18:07:08
I wasn't talking about that either. Problems don't magically disappear when the numbers get bigger.
@_date: 2013-03-28 22:33:57
You probably can't get your money back; and with only $100 lost, it's really not worth spending a lot of time on.
Consider this a very cheap lesson about human nature. Others have lost five (maybe even six?) figures on BTC-related or BTC-denominated scams. 
In the future, you need to think through "what am I going to do if the other guy is a criminal?" *before* you act, not after. 
Also, don't forget that it can take several hours for transactions to be fully confirmed - so your counterparty might have done whatever it was they were supposed to do, but the network hasn't fully processed it yet. Be patient with BTC things, especially when things are crazy (like this afternoon).
@_date: 2013-03-28 22:10:20
Some people think that if they don't change their lucky socks and shout at their televisions, their favorite sports team will win more often. Some people also think this about financial instruments and markets. 
@_date: 2013-03-27 23:32:14
Take a look at [this]( thread . . . 
@_date: 2013-04-02 16:29:55
There are two concepts you're working with here:
1. The currency you're using to describe an obligation
2. The currency to be used to satisfy an obligation
When those currencies aren't the same, you'll need to specify exactly the method used to determine the conversion rate - probably a date, time, and exchange, or some sort of calculation (e.g., a mean of several numbers). 
You could say something like "Party A agrees to pay Party B BTC equal in value to $100 USD, calculated using the USD/BTC exchange rate for purchases at Bitmit.net as of 4/14/2013 00:00 GMT". 
@_date: 2013-03-28 21:08:37
What sort of premium over spot would you pay for this service?
@_date: 2013-03-07 23:05:02
You could buy BTC in your home country with local currency and then sell it in Japan for local currency. You won't pay "currency exchange fees", per se, but there's usually a spread in the bid/ask on each side of the transaction, and this depends on having someone willing to do the BTC to local currency exchange on the other end.
I don't think it's a great idea, given the volatility we've seen lately and the possibility that the local exchange person might be out of town, out of cash, sick of BTC, or otherwise unavailable. 
My hunch is this would turn out to be more expensive and less convenient than a traditional currency exchange. 
@_date: 2013-02-28 01:23:04


Not necessarily.
People who buy BTC are speculators, not investors. That's not necessarily bad, but don't pretend you're doing anything other than making a bet about the future value of an intangible currency. 
@_date: 2013-03-14 19:40:36
Not unless/until you can articulate for yourself why it makes sense in *your* portfolio. Throwing money at random "investments" you hear/read about is a great way to end up with nothing.
@_date: 2013-04-07 00:21:10
It would be very unusual to have your space separately metered, but then not charge you for the usage. So they won't really know how much power you're using, other than noticing if the electric bills seem unusually high after you moved in. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 23:04:52
And then there are all of those Enron and Worldcom employees (and their pension funds) who rode those stocks into the ground.
There are no guarantees, good or bad. 
@_date: 2013-03-29 05:58:01
Has your mom given up asking if you're ever moving out of her basement?
@_date: 2013-02-13 02:45:01
What makes you think gold is stable?
What makes you think there isn't short term buying and selling of bitcoin for profit? 
And if bitcoin *were* a stable investment vehicle, then how could you expect to make money buying and selling it short-term? 
@_date: 2013-04-07 00:21:18
It might help if you said where you are.
If the landlord pays for the power, your space almost certainly won't be separately metered, so they won't know how much power you're using. If this is a very small office, you probably don't have a lot of power available to you - maybe only 1 or 2 circuits, maybe only 15 or 20 amps each, maybe shared with other people.
So if you bring in a high-end PC or two with a few graphics cards each and plug them in, chances are nobody will really notice.
If you bring in racks of equipment and tell the landlord you're going to need new circuits installed, he'll tell you where to go.
Small space like this is often on a month-to-month basis; so if there seem to be problems attributable to you, they may be able to kick you out pretty fast. 
Nothing is free. They have an informal budget for how much overhead (power &amp; cooling) you can generate and they can still make money. You can probably run at 120% or 150% or maybe even 200% of a typical tenant's power usage and they won't notice (much) or care. If your usage is 500% or 1000% of what's expected for your space, there *will* be problems. 
@_date: 2013-03-29 06:51:58
I have also enjoyed our exchange. I was not surprised you own a Trans-Am but I considerably underestimated how proud you are of it.
@_date: 2013-04-01 04:33:52
I don't think governments will dry up and blow away anytime soon; nor do I think anything other than an incredibly tiny minority of people want anarchy.
People don't like taxes - but they like to drive on nice roads, have their children educated, and to believe that if they have an emergency, police or firefighters will show up to help.
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:40:42
I understand that's what you think; but I'm saying I disagree. 
The main advantages of Bitcoin over previous forms of electronic value transfer are the distributed transaction system and its uninflatable nature. 
There are a lot of other ways that rich and poor individuals and organizations store and move value with minimal scrutiny. 
And I think you're overstating/misunderstanding the "untraceable" nature of Bitcoin. You are aware that *every* transaction is part of a permanent public record, aren't you? 
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:33:27


It's easy to see who's funding politicians - look at the people who benefit from the things that they vote for.
Not just the direct beneficiaries, but the collateral ones - e.g., if the government sets up a "free healthcare" system for the poor, who gets the contract(s) to run the system? Who gets paid to work in that system? Whose costs are reduced by the existence of the system? 
@_date: 2013-04-04 05:03:02
Theoretically, yes. Practically, there may be issues, including delays of several minutes (or worse). 
@_date: 2013-04-04 21:06:26
For this to be credible to me, I'd need to feel confident that I would always be able to swap BTC2 for BTC, at a 1:1 ratio, immediately, forever.
And that's a pretty tough thing for one person or one company to guarantee. This is the sort of thing that national governments do (peg the value of one currency to the value of another currency) but sometimes they get hosed really badly on that. 
So you - as some random guy - can go ahead and do this all you like, but you've got a lot of work (and need a lot of capital) to show that your BTC2's are really fungible with BTC.
Also, why would you *want* to do that? I don't see any upside for you, but potential enormous downside. 
It's not an exact fit, but you might spend some time thinking about the implications of [Gresham's Law](
@_date: 2013-03-27 00:42:27
tl;dr - Isn't there some way I can have freedom, but deny it to other people? I like myself, I don't like those other guys very much. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 19:24:50
Also someone not connected to "hacks", lost BTC, and failed exchanges.
@_date: 2013-04-01 04:02:30
You shouldn't assume that transactions made using BTC are untaxed or untaxable. 
Lots of BTC enthusiasts encourage that fantasy - just like people once pretended that copyright law didn't apply to the Internet, or sales tax. There's a lag time between the development of a new technology and tax/regulation, but the delay isn't infinite, no matter how many times people who don't like that stamp their feet or downvote posts like this.
@_date: 2013-03-27 19:28:32
Spending a lot of $ on a fancy office is for noobs. Better to put the funds back into the business or into the founders' pockets.
@_date: 2013-03-14 19:27:43
I see two issues:
1. Is the business economically viable/preferable in terms of return on investment, etc?
2. Is the person who's going to run the business trustworthy, and is the business structured appropriately in terms of control, taxes, etc? 
You can do internet research to answer (1), but (2) is equally important and there's no way we can answer that for you - it does no good to put money into a viable business that's run by a con man, who runs away with the profits or with the business. 
@_date: 2013-03-30 21:54:42
You don't seem to understand how businesses are taxed.
That being said, people who pretend that BTC is some sort of magical universe where there are no governments will someday be as sad as the people who pretend that Silk Road is a magical universe where there are no governments.
The chance of negative consequences isn't 100%, but it's not 0, either. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 19:49:39
I think it's great to have competition and experiments, but remember that the other side of anonymity/privacy is the possibility of crime - either robbery in person, or an online scam.
I'm not saying don't do it, I'm saying everyone participating should understand exactly how sketchy the setup is, and act accordingly. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 00:10:19
Holding money for people is a pretty big deal from a legal/regulatory point of view. Small operators are willing to ignore laws they don't understand/like - that doesn't work for VC-backed startups.
@_date: 2013-03-24 22:47:14
I have purchased silver coins/bullion several times via bitmit.net and it's been fine. There's an escrow service to protect buyers, at least to some extent. Move slowly, don't spend more than you can afford to lose (a good idea in general).
@_date: 2013-03-29 19:09:26
Good thing it got downvoted, so account holders find out by noticing their BTC is gone. Wouldn't want to spoil the surprise!
@_date: 2013-04-01 03:41:40
That depends on whether or not you believe the price will down.
@_date: 2013-03-27 23:48:49
The best way to become a millionaire is by providing value to other people who compensate you for having done so.
The rest is gambling. Might as well just buy lottery tickets. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 04:21:02
Thanks. Everyone makes mistakes. No big deal.
@_date: 2013-01-02 20:56:23
It's possible to gamble using bitcoin, or to lose all of your money to scammers. 
Invest? Come back in 10 years. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 22:51:53
Coinbase are nice people, but any time someone else is holding your money, there's the potential for problems, especially with a new thing like Bitcoin. Because Coinbase is US-based and VC-backed, if there were a problem it's more likely that you'd eventually be made whole (versus offshore or one-man shoestring operations), but that could take months or years and a lot of bureacracy.
@_date: 2013-03-28 05:10:43
Yeah, but to do this you must leave fiat funds on deposit at an exchange (very risky) or transfer/convert immediately before purchase, which is expensive/aggravating, and lately perhaps impossible.
@_date: 2013-03-30 01:16:55
This has pretty much every possible sign of being malware; don't download it.
Why hasn't this person been banned yet? This was posted at least once earlier today.
Downvote this post. 
@_date: 2013-03-29 00:17:56
The problem with this article is that it doesn't address the fact that people hold BTC in different ways.
We talk informally about "wallets" and "accounts" - but a "wallet" is just a cryptographic key that allows one to interact with the blockchain. Cryptographic keys are not money - they're closer to a cryptographically-enabled checkbook. We all understand pretty well that a checkbook is not money - it can be used to order our bank to give money to someone else, but the checkbook of unissued checks is not "money", nor is it in itself an "account". 
On the other hand, some people don't store their BTC on the blockchain, controlled by cryptographic keys - they store their BTC in accounts with other institutions, typically called "exchanges" in Bitcoin world. People who buy and sell BTC may also have accounts with exchanges that are denominated in USD or EUR or other currencies. 
The FBAR form is used by US citizens/permanent residents to report foreign bank accounts. 
If you store your BTC on the blockchain (e.g, with a "wallet), it's not in an *account*, and it's not *foreign* (because it's sourced to your residence, as are all intangibles), so it doesn't make sense to think about filing an FBAR for this.
If you store value (as BTC or USD or EUR or whatever) with an non-US entity (such as Mt. Gox, for example), and it's in an "account", where the entity controls the funds but you can ask for them back, or direct them to be traded/spent, then I think you do have an *account*, and if it's with a foreign entity, then I think you're in FBAR territory. (Note, FBAR filing is not required if the balance in the foreign account is &lt; $10K USD.)
@_date: 2013-03-27 00:31:53
Be patient. What do you see when you look at the transaction from the Bitfloor side? 
@_date: 2013-03-27 23:57:29
It's perfectly possible - and even likely - that it **is** a bubble.


Those people are either criminals or morons. 
@_date: 2013-03-30 21:57:49
When did this happen? Your other message said that the BTC's were worth approximately $27 USD at the time, so this doesn't seem super-recent. 
Where did this happen?
What's the seller's name/username/email address?
Have you asked the seller why they didn't release the BTC?
Are they still active on Localbitcoins?
Have you made a police report? 
Do you have any reason to think that Localbitcoins is somehow related to the seller, or is your complaint about them that the escrow/feedback system didn't work the way you expected?
Did you respond to the E-mails that Localbitcoins sent you? From the other thread, it looked like they tried to communicate with you regarding the dispute, but you didn't respond. 
@_date: 2013-02-16 13:19:04
The issue isn't the name under which you purchase, it's the purpose for which you acquire or hold the asset.
If you exchanged $10K of USD for BTC because you wanted to buy a TV from a guy who only deals in BTC, but the deal fell through and you exchanged back to USD at an unfavorable rate, that would be a nondeductible loss. If you bought $10K worth of BTC because you think it's going to double in value, but you ended up selling for $5K, that would be a capital loss and deductible.
@_date: 2013-03-18 23:58:27
Only if the miner exchanges BTC for USD or another currency. If they exchange BTC for goods/collectibles/services, they are not a money transmitter.
@_date: 2013-03-27 23:29:15
Not necessarily - it depends on what's being taxed. 
For example, property taxes and poll taxes don't depend on financial information - they're taxes on things that are publicly visible, such as the ownership of real estate, or the existence of a person. 
@_date: 2013-03-05 23:20:18
1. "Unsafe" is a little slippery, but yes, it's absolutely traceable. BTC transactions are traceable - in fact, they're all published globally. The link between a human or an entity and a Bitcoin address isn't necessarily easy to make; but it's also not impossible, especially if you're having something shipped to an address connected to you.
2. You need to talk to the shady website about this. The bitcoin privacy thing is typically oversold. BTC is not some magic technology that makes you immune from detection or prosecution. 
3. It's a way of using computer time to solve math problems; the people who solve problems are considered the first owners of a bitcoin, and then they can assign it (or fractions of it) to other people. This is how new bitcoins are created. But it's not important if all you want to do use use BTC to order things from shady websites. 
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:19:35
As opposed to the other, really popular taxes?
@_date: 2013-01-17 21:48:17
If it can go up suddenly, it can go down suddenly . . .
@_date: 2013-02-26 19:43:17
Because the opposite of "too big to fail" is "too small to bother." 
If you steal 1000 BTC from one guy, he's motivated to find you and go after you.
If you steal 1 BTC from 1000 people, they'll cuss you out, but it doesn't make sense for them to put a lot of time or money into chasing you down for 1 BTC; and if they try to file a police report/lawsuit, they'll be laughed at. 
@_date: 2013-03-05 00:52:35
No, you should sell the plans that you used for the time machine that lets you know that you can sell in a few months for a profit. A lot of people would like to have one of those machines.
If you do not, in fact, have a time machine, then I'm not sure how you can know that you'll sell at a price greater than your purchase price. Have you reviewed the BTC/USD or BTC/GBP (or your local equivalent) price chart for, say, the past three years? 
What you're discussing is not an investment, it's speculation. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 04:20:19
Begging is impolite and against the rules and people who won't be polite shouldn't expect politeness in return. 
You're not adding value to the reddit by pretending that rudeness is acceptable.
@_date: 2013-02-27 22:55:22
And, depending on how it's configured, it may give US and California courts clear jurisdiction over Mt.Gox, so when peoples' funds disappear for days or weeks or months, they won't have to try to hire an attorney in Japan to get some accountability. 
@_date: 2013-03-28 09:48:26
1. No
2. You would/will likely be required to list the BTC as an asset, or transfer it to the bankruptcy trustee.
@_date: 2013-04-03 16:34:41
OK - I've experimented with it in smaller subs and it didn't seem to have an effect. I know there's vote fuzzing, not sure if there's also subscriber-fuzzing.
@_date: 2013-03-13 05:34:36
Someone did a lot of work to calculate this using Amazon EC2 GPU instances and it wasn't profitable even before the recent productivity cut (to 25 BTC), so there's no way it's even close, now, and it's just going to get worse as more ASICs come online.
Not gonna happen, sorry. 
@_date: 2013-03-29 00:36:56
@_date: 2013-04-06 04:52:54
Perhaps you could explain how your uncle got this information. If he works for the FBI, that's one thing. If he's a school bus driver, that's something else. 
ETA: Nothing wrong with school bus drivers. But I suspect they're pretty low on the "hear about upcoming raids" phone tree. 
@_date: 2013-01-17 22:06:56
That's all true, but the bottom line is that BTC is relatively volatile, and people who are surprised by that perhaps should do some more reading before buying it. 
@_date: 2013-03-30 00:46:41
I think cash deposit @ Bank of America -&gt; Bitfloor -&gt; traditional wallet stored on your computer would be the easiest/safest/best bang-for-your-buck, and just let it ride for some months/years. 
@_date: 2013-03-29 00:19:43
There are also "poll taxes", which tax human beings.
Financial obscurity (e.g., non-transparency) doesn't mean the end of taxation, it just means that the focus of the tax shifts from economic activity to other things, like land or people.