@_author: blakdart
@_date: 2016-12-28 05:28:29
Bit coin is like the Tesla stock. Tesla has great Ideas but it's over priced.
Compare the number of cars Ford and Tesla produces, and then compare the price of the stocks.
If all of Musk's ventures were lumped under the Tesla stock then yes, I would say Tesla is worth every dime.
Bitcoin is very hard to buy relatively speaking.
Bitcoin will really shine when you can buy it through online platforms such as Think or Swim.
Right now I would be very cautious about buying Bitcoin. There's a great chance that the Whales will dump &amp; crash the price then BTC breaches 1000 dolllars.
Right now AMD could very well have a correction soon. 
@_date: 2016-12-28 17:54:56
So - cash, bitcoin, precious metals, and prepaid cards over $150 are all instruments of the "terrorists" and are now open to confiscation if you are a suspicious person… which, by their rhetoric, you are if you actually hold any of these assets.
Because apparently terrorists use these things to fund their operations rather than the thousands of euros they get in the form of welfare each month.
South Korea
All want to go cashless.
They elite also want to implement carbon credits.
Canada is starting to do so.
everyone on earth will be given the same number of 'carbon credits' so a person living in a village in India, who doesn't even own a car, will suddenly has a 1000 carbon credits. If a family in America wants to have two cars and heat their home in winter they will have to buy credits from poorer countries.
Every citizen would be issued with a carbon "credit card" - to be swiped every time they bought petrol, paid an energy utility bill or booked an airline ticket - under a nationwide carbon rationing scheme that could come into operation within five years, according to a feasibility study commissioned by the environment secretary, David Miliband, and published today.
The idea was floated in a speech in the summer, but the detailed proposals show Mr Miliband is serious about trying to press ahead with the radical idea as a central part of his climate change strategy. Under the scheme, everybody would be given an annual allowance of the carbon they could expend on a range of products, probably food, energy and travel. If they wanted to use more carbon, they would be able to buy it from somebody else. The report admits huge questions would have to be resolved, including the risk of fraud, the relationship to ID cards, and costs. However Mr Miliband said "bold thinking is required because the world is in a dangerous place".
In a few years from now you will have another plastic card in your wallet - your carbon card. You will start the year with 1,000 points on it and each time you fill up your car, you put the card in a slot on the pump and it will deduct a few points. Each time you buy an airline ticket, it will cost you a minimum of 100 points. If you fly regularly, you may have to buy more points through the carbon market - but since it is all in the cause of reducing greenhouse gas emissions you do not mind so much.
@_date: 2016-12-29 05:55:11
Corporations will fix the problem by producing better technology that will displace technology used by other corporations.
Uber's self driving electric cargo trucks will make conventional ICE semi trucks obsolete. With Semis you can use tandem trailers. You can put batteries on the first trailer as a range extender.  When the batteries run out of juice you switch out the trailer with a fully charged one.
@_date: 2016-12-28 20:59:30
Invest in technology and  in the people . Carbon credit is nothing more than a totalitarian method of controlling people, and another futures market for the rich.
Most of our pollution comes from sources that won't be around  due to advances in technology.
Coal can't compete with Natural Gas on logistics alone,even Nuclear energy struggles to compete with Natural gas.
We have enough natural gas to last us way beyond the number of years it will take to develop gen 1 fusion power plants.
You don't need a constant train load of coal feeding a plant,you just build a pipe line.
Electric cars will be way more convenient in the very near future than ICEs. ICEs most likely don't generate  enough electricity to power the computer systems for self driving cars.
Don't abandon the coal people &amp; communities by telling them to roll over "for the greater good" like Clinton did.
Work with them very closely. If required buy out the workers.
The cargo ships pollute immensely.  Phase out ships that use bunker oil for Natural gas.
@_date: 2019-04-21 06:52:45
Yang will fuel inflation which will drive demand for things like  PM and Crypto.
If we get UBI now it will be increased like what has happened to minimum wage due to inflation.
Instead of 1000 dollars it would be 1250 or 1500 a month per adult in ten years after we get UBI. UBI will also not phase out our current welfare system. Single mothers would still get their subsidized housing, as well as subsidized food such as WIC or baby formula because politicians don't have a spine. They won't let the children live on the streets because their mother took the money and didn't spend it on housing when she previously didn't have to divide up  UBI to pay housing as well as food.
We will have the current welfare system remain intact, we will get UBI, subsidized health care, subsidized college education for everyone. Landlords will get the bill for instance and jack everyone's rent up which would put pressure on UBI to create a demand for increasing the amount of UBI everyone gets.
@_date: 2019-04-21 05:34:02
Personal fiance would rip you if you said that you don't plan on eliminating your debt &amp; your plan was just to keep on making interest payments.
Yet our economist say that it's alright to do that on a national scale.
@_date: 2019-04-22 07:04:04
You be deemed irresponsible if you said that you never plan to eliminate the debt and just make interest payments. 
That's our national fiscal policy.  Those interest payments could be used on infrastructure, or long term goals such as space mining. Welfare is fine as well as DoD spending but neither are investments for the future, yet a large segment of the population  will continue to receive welfare payments until they die, and never improve their lives so they would require less payments. I've heard so much about raising minimum wage yet I hear zero talks about increasing the market value of the minimum wage worker.
No sense in spending money on a military if you've let the equivlant of Australia's entire population walk into the country after giving Amnesty. Rare earth minerals are CRITICAL to having a technological society, so much so that you're seeing companies move away from minerals such as cobalt due to the difficulties of obtaining it. An investment in space mining should be a top priority but it is not. If you have EV technology you could reduce the need for what will be contested resources in the coming decades.
Would prefer the government to invest in things that pay out figurative dividends.