@_author: blakflak4
@_date: 2014-09-28 18:56:07
so? my point is gold is a tangible good. just because you don't wear gold earrings or gold plated bracelets or rolex watches doesn't mean other people don't want those things. you don't need MLM at all with gold for it to have value
@_date: 2014-08-03 23:43:46
- can you use Bitcoin paper wallets to store Counterparty assets and XCP: yes
- can you use Armory to store Counterparty assets and XCP: yes
- can you use Blockchain.info to store Counterparty assets and XCP: yes
- can you use brain wallets to store Counterparty assets and XCP: yes
- Are counterparty transactions Bitcoin transactions: yes
- Is counterparty completely integrated into bitcoin: you tell me
Counterparty's native currency is only strictly needed for decentralized CFDs and stock issuance (0.5 fee).
You can buy and sell everything on Counterparty direct for BTC, and issue dividends in BTC. It doesn't take 10 mins for your client to see that counterparty transactions have been broadcast to the network. Once it hits the mempool it can be viewed in a wallet, no different than how any bitcoin wallet works.
the better way to do simple BTC trading pairs on counterparty is with [Vennd]( which will be live on [Counterwallet]( in the near future. that would make updating bid/asks instant, and order confirmations instant. colored coins has their supplemental tradeX protocol, Vennd is like that for Counterparty. vennd is how SWARM did their Bitcoin IPO; it made things easy for both buyers of SWARMPRE and SwarmCo which successfully raised millions like this
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:54:49
relying on people to be good natured isn't what bitcoin is about
if you want people to not do something, you need to give them a clearly better option *and* make it cheaper to implement and use
Take [Uber]( for example
Uber is both better *and* cheaper than traditional taxis in most cases
this makes Uber a compelling outright replacement for taxis
what is the Uber equivalent in Bitcoin's case?
because right now, you're telling people NOT to use an indestructible decentralized database and you're not giving them any better option. in other words you're just poo-pooing someone else's free choice that they have every right to make by saying their shit stinks
well that's easy for you to say
and btw, handling the blockchain in just a few short years is going to require TB size hard drives on very capable modern server hardware, probably multiple servers in fact
take what you think is a very high number for blockchain size and **add a zero**
there's really no point in policing what people use the blockchain for, because you're just fucked entirely even in the short term, and even if no one ever does anything "amoral"
what you're saying, you shouldn't use a public resource because i say so, boils down to a statist argument
i despise statists. rule by decree, you  shouldn't do this you shouldn't do that. know what? give me a better cheaper option or fuck yourself
@_date: 2014-07-06 21:31:06
... so How is that not the same thing as doing an IPO?
You realize that Satoshi was on an equal footing as everyone else when he released Bitcoin to the world?
Such a thing isn't possible with pure POS.
Hence POS coins like NXT are more like an IPO than a full-fledged cryptocurrency
Funny how NXT is purported to value decentralization when its very conception was centralized. "We love decentralizing things ... except when it comes to money" ?
@_date: 2014-08-28 17:16:31


this is false. your API returns a **Bitcoin address**, which, when compromised, results in direct financial loss for the user and direct financial gain for the hacker
Electrum does nothing of the sort! your service is completely different and has an entirely different threat model
again, most people running SPV wallets are running them expressly so that they do NOT need to run a full node, they are going to be using your centralized api. this is an accident waiting to happen
@_date: 2014-07-08 21:20:16
"but how will anyone use the internet without AOL"
there isn't much overlap between people who understand the need for an alternative currency, and people who are too lazy to use greenaddress or electrum
or umpteen other actual wallets
it's not that fucking hard
it's part of using bitcoin
in case you missed the memo bitcoin is money without an intermediary
why are you even here if you want to use an intermediary have fun with paypal or mastercard or any number of services that are more stable and proven than bitcoin
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:23:43
bwahahahahahahahahahahh hahahahahahahahahahah
yea, statist capital of america will surely have bitcoin's back
let me tell you
@_date: 2014-06-20 06:11:07
The Snowden leaks have shown every iOS device is compromised by the NSA fresh from the factory. iDevices are like your very own portable spy device, seriously. Therefore you can only assume any private key material you work with on iOS is compromised. Apple isn't going to steal your Bitcoins, but there's a reason people say not to reuse addresses. For anyone remotely interested in taking security precautions when using Bitcoin, iOS is a nonstarter. Maybe this doesn't matter for you or your grandma, if that's the case, fine. Have at it.
@_date: 2014-06-21 21:35:15
How about Change Media University?
The WRC crew knows exactly how to raise money leveraging their valiant unpaid efforts.
When was the last time the OpenSSL developers got in front of a camera and asked for money?
@_date: 2014-08-25 21:51:01


1. pushing for draconian regulations in NYC behind closed doors
2. putting pressure on other regions to enact similar draconian regulations
3. watch with glee as many bitcoin companies inadvertently cross the line into illegality and protect and serve the shit out of them
the tyranny isn't outright in the west, it's done subtly
@_date: 2014-08-04 01:06:24


sounds good, why doesn't colored coins do this then
@_date: 2014-08-18 12:33:48
two reasons, actually three
1. nydfs regs look crafted to fuck over bitcoin, as i and many other ppl you actually have heard of and respect, have been saying since the day the regs came out, they apply to fucking open source wallets. and so far there is no indication that this will change for the better
2. i'm guessing 90% of the people who bought into bitcoin for the first time in 2014 only bought in because they thought the price was going up. old time bitcoiners are to blame for this. because when pressed most bitcoiners lack fucking balls and can only point out that "the asset outperforms ... oh no sir i am not conspiracy theorist i believe in the system it's just that bitcoin is like paypal don't u know". instead of pointing out that bitcoin ends governmental abuses over currency, the drug war, and the nsa. the result, and i've literally had people tell me this on is you have a bunch of people only here for "the next bubble"
3. the willy report makes a very compelling case that mtgox manipulated the market upwards which was the backbone of all previous "bubbles". without the magikarp manipulation we have an actual free market price, and hint the free market price doesn't inch up magically by $10 per hour
@_date: 2014-09-25 03:30:16
let's not forget the many MANY people in the bitcoin community that have been shilling for those BFL scammers for years. a collective fuck you, told you so, to all of you unethical fucking dickbags, i've been telling people BFL is a scam since 2012. the only thing shadier than BFL shills are [NXT shills]( you didn't think that was possible, but i swear to you it is. 
@_date: 2014-06-20 00:21:00
Yes, it most certainly does. But Android at least gives you the opportunity to directly download apps without going through the Appstore, and without being rooted.
Either directly download a PGP signed APK and install that onto your Android device, or build and install the app from source yourself. In general, these are the only two paths to a secure wallet installation; otherwise you have to blindly trust whatever is in the Appstore. You can't take any of these defensive measures on Apple of course. Maybe it's possible to build open source iOS apps from source and then manually install it on your phone if you have an Apple Developer license? Who knows.
They need to make iOS act a lot more like OS/X for secure Bitcoin usage to be possible.
TLDR; Android owns the ever loving shit out of iOS when it comes to Bitcoin
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:57:37
that's only if you assume the regs aren't a thinly veiled bitcoin ban
@_date: 2014-09-22 02:05:27
his point is that you can mix coins with open transactions without diversifying into alts
you can also do that without modifying the bitcoin protocol. OT covers it.
but i wish OT would focus on voting pools more in their PR. shit would be an absolute game changer for agora markets and NON-FIAT cryptocurrency trading. and i mean by that buying drugs online and trading anonymously, the two things cryptos do best lets not kid ourselves
@_date: 2014-08-17 14:36:39
yep the moment you start thinking about tax implications and reporting implications you realize you never should've even moved your btc or spent it or invested it or traded it.
another way to cash out is in gold silver and pms, which are then much more readily traded for cash, but you still got big risk of red flags that way too
@_date: 2014-08-04 01:02:32
imagine i'm hitting you in the face repeatedly, and whenever you yell "help" i tell you, calmly, 


@_date: 2014-08-28 17:03:23
**a cryptocurrency is a decentralized electronic currency with NO counterparty in control of its issuance**
the moment you 1) create new tokens out of thin air and 2) sell the tokens to the public in exchange for money
you have introduced a counterparty which controls the token's issuance, hence you have violated the token forever, making it an IPOcoin and NOT a cryptocurrency
do you see the difference?
Satoshi Nakamoto did not take money from the public before issuing bitcoin, NO ONE was involved in bitcoin's issuance, the issuance itself HAD NO COUNTERPARTY
this is not the case for Ethereum, Mastercoin, StorjCoin, MaidsafeCoin, NXT, and every premined coin in existence, which in fact DO have counterparties in control of the issuance of the token
please stop conflating ~~appcoins~~ IPOcoins with cryptocurrencies
the difference is clear
@_date: 2014-07-06 20:06:46
Seriously, please DO go on. Bitcoin accounting is a nightmare. I don't trust any of these centralized websites with my balances and trading history and transaction history. IRS and NSA enough said. I've also heard you have to make some type of special declaration for all transfers involving amounts over $600. Help me ledger cli!
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:34:22
Did OKCoin in 2013 or 2014 engage in any private schemes of any kind that could possibly inflate public volume figures?
@_date: 2014-08-11 15:40:00
exactly. we should be guerrilla marketing the shit out of silk road instead. I can see it now


this is guaranteed to be more productive than talking about economics
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:02:09
indeed. another word for a product category whose success depends on "network effects" is a network marketing product, aka MLM
and before you bring up twitter and facebook, network effects generally don't turn people off to FREE services. bitcoin is different because the MLM aspect benefits old recruits financially at the cost of new recruits having to risk real capital
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:06:54
oh my god stop using linux go back to windows it's not even worth trying in your case
whine whine whine but it's soooo hard where is my computer illiterate dumb fucking interface, without it this will surely never work
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:43:01
A respected, independent auditing firm wouldn't have to release any of the personal details to the world.




do the math
@_date: 2014-06-20 06:17:30
So you're saying Bitcoin users will install arbitrary wallets?
With Android, you *could* visit your favorite wallet's website, same as you do on Windows or Mac OS/X, and download an APK directly, just like you download an EXE directly. Just like the EXE should be signed by a PGP key, the APK can be signed by a PGP key. This way you know the app you install on your phone is the app the software developers intended for you to install.
You can't do that with a proprietary appstore, there's no possible means to verify that what you download is in actuality what the developers intended you to download.
@_date: 2014-09-21 21:53:35
The Situation: you can't think of a good way to get paid to do what you want to do
route 1
"Damn, this must be a bad idea, seeing as I can't think of any ethical way to get paid to do it."
and you're done
route 2
"Damn, but I couldn't possibly ... pump and dump an artificially created token"
"Or, could I?"
many days later
[ANN] Ethereum: A New Beginning
@_date: 2014-06-22 01:57:34
Assuming the author of p2pool isnt a robot, he can get in front of a camera, explain himself and tell me something interesting!
Or maybe he needs to get more serious about his endeavors and look to Pieter Hintjens as an example of what you can do with BDFL status.
Want to attract more resources to yourself? Then above all else, STAND FOR SOMETHING. Communicate whatever the fuck you stand for to others at all times. Doesn't matter what your "Title" is!
Look at Dark Wallet for instance. Whether you agree or disagree with their antics, they STAND FOR SOMETHING. And they've been pretty successful raising money so far.
@_date: 2014-07-14 17:45:28
it's like these people have never been backstabbed before
people don't politick or lie, ever
Obama is there to help u
@_date: 2014-09-16 16:24:44
wait, what about pointing a gun at a couple people costs $200 million?
also, are you aware that the cost of one F-15 fighter jet is $30 million?
@_date: 2014-07-06 21:54:33
because of how many people are defending Proof of Stake in this thread as if it's anything besides an IPO
these people have been misled
i can solve bitcoin's mining centralization and 51% attack problem easily. I'll just register a company in the US and throw up MongoDB
people need to know why POS *really* sucks
it has nothing to do with security and everything to do with centralization. A central entity is in charge of distributing 100% of the tokens initially, which is just wrong. It's wrong when a developer of a coin takes cash from unsophisticated investors who then run their mouths annoyingly fucking everywhere claiming that POS is better for decentralization when the entire concept is inherently centralized
@_date: 2014-08-17 14:33:32
[The Dutroux Affair (Belgium)]( this is truly horrific. there's a little girl's written testimony as to all the evil that went down and it is reviling
[The Boys Town Scandal (USA)](
the lesson i've learned after researching these events is, as usual the most egregious offenders of X, in this case the most sadistic of paedophiles and human trafficking rings, are none other than politicians and elites. as always, these people use their power and connections to hide from public view every time they're caught out
Of course, said politicians and elites *would* love to blame the deep web, which is still a problem don't get me wrong, it's just what they do is infinitely worse. and they're responsible for the making of tons of "original content"
@_date: 2014-06-26 02:58:01
Open source cryptos are better than closed source cryptos in every conceivable trust metric.
If the source is available, then it can be forked.


What benefit is there of having an unlimited currency supply? If I wanted an unlimited supply, I'd just use USD. Having an unlimited supply in a currency is not as flawed as the idea of having a closed source crypto take over, but it's still a horrendous concept.
If a coin doesn't fall into categories 1-3, it's not a serious offering for investors.
@_date: 2014-07-10 14:20:32
Yea, everyone would've thought it was a get-rich-quick-scheme or a scam, on top of it being a weird concept.
@_date: 2014-08-28 20:20:03


it's good to see you've recognized this vulnerability in OneName
true, you can use onename with a local namecoin full blockchain, but SPV users by and large won't have that luxury
when you're using remote namecoind's for website addresses or twitter handles, ok, you can get away with sacrificing some security
but here you're remotely looking up critical components to bitcoin transactions
that really doesn't end well
a stealth address doesn't make a difference here. it would be good to make those more palatable, but this is not the way unless they can implement spv in namecoin
@_date: 2014-07-20 16:59:40
i agree with this
for all we know bitpay and coinbase hold all of the btc received and then finance fiat bank deposits with VC money. if i was looking to raise enormous vc that's what i'd do, frame it as a way to acquire bitcoin for below market price
@_date: 2014-08-03 23:54:40
coinprism is incompatible with ChromaWallet. there is a private company behind coinprism. they have a competing incompatible standard in contrast to Chromwallet. Coinprism has released NO open source code. they claim they are colored coins because "colored coins is just a general concept"
 
as the sole developer of coinprism's unique take on colored coins, which uses OP_RETURN and is nothing at all like ChromaWallet, coinprism can change their own implementation on a dime, there is no one telling them not to do that as they are a private company with proprietary software
you can buy and sell anything on counterparty for bitcoin and issue bitcoin dividends direct to bitcoin wallets, in short this reply is extremely disingenuous as anyone who has conducted bare minimum due diligence on counterparty can see
@_date: 2014-08-20 15:24:42
what do you think about mini-blockchain cryptos like cryptonite?
@_date: 2014-06-20 03:04:06
Yea, it's almost as if popular open source wallets are never peer reviewed. You might as well just give up and blindly install a proprietary app. No difference whatsoever /s
@_date: 2014-08-30 16:03:41


guess zimmerman should've wrote PGP as a chrome app after all
never fails to amaze
@_date: 2014-09-16 16:13:35
security requires decentralization.
efficiencies of scale are such that, no matter which PoW algo is in play, be it mined by CPU, GPU or ASIC machines, the mining rigs will always be more efficient when deployed in centralized locations
[here's an example]( it's an ASIC farm in china, but it could just as easily be a GPU or CPU farm
this is the unavoidable problem with PoW, because it means a resourceful attacker can point a gun at the handful of owners of these datacenters and say do what i tell you or else.
doesn't matter how much hashing power there is if it's majority controlled by a handful of industrial scale mining operations. every PoW coin, as it gets larger, produces these giant operations controlled by tiny numbers of people who are easily extorted and coerced. all due to efficiencies of scale. it's absolutely unavoidable with every form of PoW.
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:47:48
Know what I would love to see? OKCoin and Huobi's internal books, *audited*. Let's see you connect every penny in trading volume you've shown in 2013 and 2014, which has at times been 10-100X the amount of your closest competitors, to a real person.
Anyone who monitors Chinese volume on [btckan.com/price]( can see the ridiculous shenanigans that go down in China. You all are fucking shameless! Everything you said in this reply is a red herring.
@_date: 2014-08-25 19:21:41
first. if i'm simply invoicing my client through circle.com or coinbase.com, bitcoin isn't involved at all. which means now i have to explain to my client why i can't just invoice her through paypal. turns out she already has a paypal account and if not paypal will just work with her current credit cards with no effort on her part. with paypal i don't even get the credit card info. paypal gets it. compare to coinbase or circle. not only do coinbase and circle get credit card details, they get *bank* details too, and that's before you can ever use the service. to use your own words, "you've completely missed the point"
Christ almighty, when will you people realize that it is only when you use bitcoin peer to peer, as it was intended, that you actually reap all of the supposed benefits. if you *don't*, you end up back at paypal and i got news for you all, paypal has been playing the money service business tilt-a-whirl with governments all over the world FOR DECADES. NO, coinbase will not be better than paypal at being fucking paypal. neither will circle. the bitcoin companies like circle are good for one thing: purchasing bitcoin, and then sending it elsewhere.
electrum is the easiest simplest and most secure bitcoin storage method by an order of magnitude. stop telling people to use paper wallets, it's ridiculous
@_date: 2014-06-22 22:22:51
TLDR; The creators of the appcoin get rich and everyone else gets poor.
- Fact: Bitcoin is deflationary over the long term. In light of this,
- Fact: Bitcoin businesses will tend to receive less and less BTC profits over the long term. In light of this,
- Fact: Investing BTC into just about ANY business, no matter how appealing it looks at first glance, is highly likely to be a losing bet.
- Fact: altcoins compete against Bitcoin for a limited amount of investable resources. In light of this,
- Fact: the cryptocurrency space is a zero sum game. In light of this,
- Fact: It's only worth investing BTC into coins, tokens, or shares if you strongly believe the coin, token or share will appreciate against BTC. This means that you are counting on BTC to decrease in value, and/or that you are counting on the investment to outperform sane metrics and to absolutely obliterate the competition.
- Yes: Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies *are* a zero sum game.
- Yes: There is NO incentive to invest BTC, unless you believe the zero sum equation will tilt away from BTC to something different.
- Yes: Andreas is sugar-coating the reality, it helps to get people excited about Bitcoin when he says there will be millions of cryptocurrencies, but in all likelihood there will only ever be one predominant crypto at any one time.
- No: I have no fucking idea what the winning crypto is going to be, and neither do you
- NO: do NOT invest your BTC ... just don't
Buyer beware! Protect your investment. Isn't Bitcoin crazy enough alone? [People outside of our tiny little echo chamber]( are just barely beginning to grasp the basics of Bitcoin.
Slooooooow down, and buy more BTC. That's why everyone is trying to get yours, primarily by misleading you, or by promising you their latest gizmo will be buttering everyone's toast in the morning. Don't believe the bullshit and hype, just keep hodling and you'll do fine.
@_date: 2014-07-10 15:03:27
Bitcoin Association exists, just they don't meddle in lobbying politicians, and have much smaller budget because they haven't been around for long
Bitcoin Foundation otoh...
@_date: 2014-09-28 17:51:46
let me tell you the **number one objection** to bitcoin wealthy investors have:
Bitcoin is MLM
and yes, to a 40-something financial or legal professional who considers himself moderately clued in to society, bitcoin is MLM.
the way it comes off is, a bunch of people bought up a large proportion of bitcoins for cheap. and the only reason new people buy bitcoins today is because they think new waves of more people will buy bitcoins in the future
then you try to compare bitcoin to a stock, oh it's ok that early adopters get rich because that happens in stocks too. except bitcoin isn't a stock. there is no product with bitcoin. there are no dividends. you don't have voting rights either unless you're an allstar developer. 
my point is, if you look at bitcoin objectively, it's MLM. the only reason 99% of people buy bitcoin is because they think bigger waves of people will buy bitcoin in the future.
this is important because so many of you are forgetting this objection and then you go beg wall street types to get into the system. they're not buying MLM. when has wall st ever bought MLM? never.
instead you should be appealing to the common man in understandable ways. openbazaar and silk road are the clearest examples of how to do that. you would have far more success selling bitcoin to people by putting up posters in the city advertising "buy dank ganja online anonymously - visit howtosilkroad.com". that's going to teach the common person to value bitcoin in a tangible way
that's a clear demonstrable vector for commercial demand.
everyone in 2014 was dreaming that wall street would pitch in and be the new big wave of recruits to buying bitcoin, so the old recruits would all be fabulously wealthy. shit, wall street wouldn't prop up a MLM scheme they didn't control from the top even if the entire financial system was collapsing all around them


No, the pragmatic answer is "because I think more people will buy it in the future". and that, my friends is MLM.
@_date: 2014-06-17 04:40:05
Either Satoshi knew a mining monopoly was inevitable, and embraced it; scary to think about; or he thought a mining monopoly was unlikely to affect anyone beyond a small core of anonymous hackers.
For years now, I've believed deep down Bitcoin's value is only sustainable for those who are willing to get their hands dirty and deal with all consequences of an unruly free market.
There are kinks in Bitcoin.
It doesn't have to be perfect.
But then again it may need to be perfectly decentralized to have widespread adoption, which is what large numbers of investors are counting on. These people are about to learn an important lesson in trusting software with your life.
@_date: 2014-07-29 13:42:12
you're the type of guy who would show up to a Texas gun show only to launch into a long diatribe about how nobody should be selling guns with a capacity above three bullets so as to not provoke the ire of the media. What a fucking pansy. Instead of handicapping liberty enhancing tech like Tor, guns and Bitcoin, how about you tell the folks around you why these things are worth using. it's not like they're going to use tor or guns or bitcoin anyway, no matter how watered down you make it.
and why would you purposely limit your own power. i wasn't sure before, but now that i see this tor shit, i don't think you have an agenda; i think you're just self-hating, you can't stand that bitcoinj has to use "filthy tor"
@_date: 2014-08-04 00:51:13
it's been three months, the software isn't even publicly released, of course there is time to make it better
@_date: 2014-07-05 16:41:26
I agree, that's the ultimate goal, but in practice local merchants are sticking with their fiat POS systems, some of which are integrating Bitcoin via BitPay or Coinbase.
For merchants to start *only* accepting BTC on their phone, and hodling, Bitcoin ATMs would have to be ubiquitous, and USD EUR would have to collapse. Otherwise there will always be lots of people with fiat to spend. there's not much of a business case for ditching everything and going to purely BTC for now.
@_date: 2014-09-26 23:35:25
fred wilson's number one hangup with bitcoin is that it's MLM. it's why he was saying we should increase the supply long term
i have no problem with MLM. but for the record far too many bitcoin users in 2014 are acting way too much like new sucker recruits to MLM schemes. it's insufferable, but i'll deal
the issue i have is proof of work can't sustain a decentralized currency and proof of stake is too centralized. the core promise of bitcoin is decentralization, but as it gains marketshare, the ASIC farms get bigger and so does the blockchain. the userbase gets dumber and easier to manipulate on average.
people say the wealthy will hide assets in bitcoin but they strongly prefer shell companies, real estate and artwork to MLM schemes
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:41:52
yes, and bitcoin is "indisputably" digital money based on math
which doesn't address anyone's real world objections with the system
again, it's like saying bitcoin is digital money, what else is there for me to explain? don't you, like, "get it"? i've already told you bitcoin is digital money! Oh, and there are 21 million of them. What else is there to go over, aren't you ready to buy into bitcoin right now? Here, i'll take your money.
every other organization or business EXCEPT monopolies has to answer basic fucking concerns like "who is behind it" and "what are their motives and history"
it kind of matters! maybe just a little bit?
@_date: 2014-09-21 21:42:27
pump and dump is the only way **you see** to get paid to do an activity X
therefore pump and dump business models are OK
@_date: 2014-08-04 00:50:25
if it's a P2P trade thing, use multisig to protect the buyer, but if you're buying AMZN stock and amazon steals your coins, you've probably picked the wrong stock to buy today. there's going to be issuer risk of defaulting on obligations in any of these assets, the actual process of buying and selling is the easy part and it's where innovation will be the most focused going forward
@_date: 2014-09-17 14:19:10
nothing but a thief and a bullshit artist
rot in hell, Karp.
@_date: 2014-07-04 00:57:00
Back to reality. The NSA classifies all users of liberty enhancing software as potential extremists. The IRS hard drives all "crashed". The nutjobs in government ~~think~~ know they can get away with murder if they just use enough force and control the media's talking points, which is, sadly, true.
People who start Bitcoin companies under a public persona instead of focusing on the liberty enhancing aspects of it, need to suck it up. Bitcoin's a high risk business for high profile people. We haven't seen any western government act out against Bitcoin yet. When they inevitably do, that DOESNT mean it's time to bend to the whims of Goldman Sachs. Fight for what's right, not for what allows you to survive another day as a slave to the system
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:45:36
don't you mean, in the parallel universe where Bitcoin was pre-mined, Satoshi would've accepted peoples dollars and be called a scam artist? That this would've surely caused bitcoin to fail as a concept due to the creator's own greed and stupidity?
@_date: 2014-07-08 21:26:12
how is [greenaddress]( "too complicated"
visit website
sign up for account
same as xapo, probably easier
less KYC bullshit hoops to jump through too
@_date: 2014-09-04 03:37:03


oh that's odd, because i don't seem to remember satoshi raising $10M in exchange for IOU-Bitcoins based on marketing hype
he also premined bitcoin according to you
of course, satoshi would've been justified in doing all of that considering he *invented the field of cryptocurrency*
@_date: 2014-07-14 23:02:31
wow, another day, another pre-mined altcoin
you must think you're an extra special snowflake
you also, apparently, think Satoshi *would have* pre-mined bitcoin if he could've gotten away with it
fucking rubbish
@_date: 2014-09-28 20:16:37
1. the prime beneficiaries of Bitcoin are the ones who got in early. the earlier you get into the system, the more money you earn by doing nothing. That's MLM.
2. the prime beneficiaries of Bitcoin also tend to be its most vocal "evangelists". One man's evangelist is another man's shill. That's MLM.
3. the income goals of a significant proportion of Bitcoin recruits are dependent on the system's ability to recruit bigger and bigger waves of new users to Bitcoin. and what are these new recruits buying into, if not for the dream of seeing still bigger waves of new recruits? there is no product with Bitcoin. the product is the dream of seeing new recruits bolster the investment of older recruits. That's MLM.
@_date: 2014-07-14 17:52:50
ethereum core dev is equally as centralized as bitcoin core dev
if not moreso
the two projects just have different goals
bitcoin is money
ethereum ... is something else
@_date: 2014-07-06 22:02:18
anything can be gamed
BCNext could've been the CIA by your standards
Bitcoin doesn't have to be perfect, it just has to be good enough, which it is
What we're really debating with POS is whether it's acceptable to do an IPO round to establish a cryptocurrency
The Market says No
@_date: 2014-06-25 06:16:35
The crypto space is divided into three categories:
1. Fully-fledged Cryptocurrencies
2. Pre-mined Cryptocurrencies
3. Appcoins
Fully-fledged Cryptocurrencies I would define as being initially distributed based on Proof of Work, Proof of Burn, or some other egalitarian means that I haven't seen yet. In a full-fledged cryptocurrency, **there can be no central issuer in charge of currency distribution at any point**.
I would consider Bitcoin, Litecoin and XCP to be Fully-fledged Cryptocurrencies. Satoshi didn't reserve BTC handouts for IPO investors, nor did Charlie Lee of Litecoin do a Litecoin IPO where LTC handouts were reserved for IPO investors. Neither did the makers of Counterparty reserve XCP for anyone, in exchange for money or otherwise.
Pre-Mined Cryptocurrencies are exactly like Fully-Fledged Cryptocurrencies, but in a Pre-Mined Cryptocurrency, a central entity reserves an allotment of the currency for themselves. This is financially advantageous for the central entity.
I would consider Ethereum to be a Pre-Mined Cryptocurrency.
Appcoins are like Pre-Mined Cryptocurrencies, but a central entity controls the entire supply of the appcoins initially, not just some of it. In an appcoin, this central entity may also arbitrarily expand or contract the entire supply throughout the life of the appcoin, but this is an optional component. The main indicator of an appcoin is the 100% monopolized initial supply.
I would consider NXT an appcoin, along with most other pure Proof of Stake coins. Pure Proof of Stake coins are distributed by a central entity who controls 100% of the currency supply initially. To this day I have no idea how this concept caught on with investors, other than PoS being deceptively sold as the solution to mining. In any case, Proof of Stake is the least nefarious form of appcoin. In PoS, the central entity chooses who to distribute the initial supply of the appcoin to, after which it is mostly a free for all.
Appcoins can also be built using Counterparty or Mastercoin, or maybe even Ethereum, but in this form they closely resemble company stock or fiat currency. Not only is the initial distribution of the appcoin controlled by a central entity, but the central entity has the ability to inflate or contract that currency supply at will.
Appcoins like LTBCoin are much more fair than others in the sense that Adam B Levine is making it a very easy and fair process to obtain LTBCoin. You obtain LTBCoin by commenting or providing value to the letstalkbitcoin media network. I like this idea, but Adam is still acting as the central entity. He can choose who to give LTBCoin to initially, and he can choose to inflate the supply or contract the supply at will.
@_date: 2014-08-29 00:10:14
with onename, your wallet blindly trusts remote servers to not lie about **the transaction recipient's Bitcoin address**
you couldn't come up with a better target for hackers if you tried
neither electrum nor dark wallet trust remote namecoind instances to return critical transaction data such as this


obv your wallet would work perfectly fine without onename
@_date: 2014-06-26 02:53:50
Matt Miller for Bitcoin CEO!
@_date: 2014-07-05 15:47:32


it's ok to tell people Bitcoin is digital cash instead of going off on a libertarian tangent, but everything you're mentioning here are features, not benefits.
Look to why Argentinians are adopting Bitcoin in droves for what a compelling selling point truly looks like. My government issued currency will lose 40% of its value this year, and I need to feed my family. That's a real driver of adoption.
I want to register a domain name online, or sign up for a VPN service without attaching my real name to it, because fuck the NSA. That's a real driver of adoption.
I believe the War on Drugs is a racket. Drugs should be legal, and victimless crimes shouldn't be punishable by death. I live in Singapore, and dammit, I want to smoke some high quality ganja I found online. That's a real driver of adoption.
So I mostly agree the message shouldn't be anti-bank, but not because that's futile to bring up, it's because there are more powerful selling points. Although, if I were talking to a militia member, I would most definitely bring up the anti-bank rhetoric.
@_date: 2014-07-14 17:42:34
what does the fed do
if it's not that complicated plz enlighten me sir
@_date: 2014-06-20 06:29:06
No. Next time, you do your research buddy:


I've never once pretended Android is a perfect OS, but at least it gives you the freedom to sideload verifiable, open source apps.
@_date: 2014-08-15 17:48:30
you're forgetting about the multitude of risks that come with bitcoin as an investment
- what if it crashes
- what about taxes and reporting requirements
- will my friends think i'm a drug dealer
etc etc etc
3% isn't nearly enough of a discount to compel consumers, read: zombified statists, to adopt an entirely new currency system
the people looking at bitcoin from the angle of, well it's just paypal with lower fees are totally fucking off base. that is just not why people use bitcoin. hell it's probably not why YOU use bitcoin, so why on earth would it lead other people into using it
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:19:22
Do you not see the difference between bots and schemes run by OKCoin to inflate their public volume figures and bots run by external traders. No. It's not "the same thing".
Seeing as you've been following the Chinese BTC exchange scene since 2013 just as I have, you surely can look at historical volume figures dating back to 2013 in China. While doing so, you may notice a few odd "discrepancies". You cannot take the word of any internal representative of one of these companies at face value.


Here's a fun fact. Huobi claimed 60% of their userbase was female in 2013, which was also when they began advertising themselves as the world's biggest Bitcoin exchange. OKCoin has always been neck in neck with Huobi in terms of volume. Gee, I wonder why.
@_date: 2014-09-23 15:46:30
pray tell, what are these things you regularly buy that "money transmitters won't let you buy"
surely you mean groceries, gas, utility bills and other legitimate items. i bet it's dozens of dollars!
@_date: 2014-08-04 00:30:31
vennd is still in alpha stages, there is no reason why it can't be made more P2P
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:23:04
you need energy and a network connection to mine PoW coins
this regardless of whether it's mined with CPUs, GPUs or ASICs
efficiencies of scale: google it maybe?
Here, I'll save you the time: it pays to group CPUs, GPUs or ASICs together in large mining farms.
Consequently, CPU GPU and ASIC mined coins will end up being mined at central points of failure. it's not that fucking hard. it's just logic. And no, your logic is totally off base. You're drawing conclusions that have no basis in reality.
CPUs are just shuffling the deck, they always end up in mining farms. What's the fucking point? I don't understand. Enlighten me, oh superior intellect, as to why grouping CPUs together in a large datacenter is somehow different than grouping GPUs together in a large datacenter, or grouping ASICs together in large datacenters.
You're yet to refute any of my original points






Welcome back to square one!


Yes! For once I agree. Thanks for making my point.
Amazon is what's called a "Company". Giant "Companies" like Amazon are centralized points of failure, are they not? Oh yes, yes they are? Glad you agree /nodding my head. Which means that if everyone is mining a coin on EC2, it's effectively trivial to 51% attack it. So there's no difference between that situation and having ASIC mining farms? Oh, there's not. That's right. Yep. Thanks for making my point have a nice day
@_date: 2014-09-16 16:36:03
no, his point is that PoW algos result in industrial scale mining operations due to efficiencies of scale, which slashes decentralization and security of the network
with DPOS, you don't have that problem, because the delegates don't need physical resources to mint blocks, and can remain hidden from physical attackers. With DPOS, as the network gains in value, the network becomes even more decentralized by adding delegates
whereas with PoW, you have the exact opposite effect. as the PoW network gains in value, you have tremendous incentive for people to open industrial scale mining operations which are easily uncovered, extorted and coerced
as the price of bitcoin goes up, the industrial mining operations get bigger, which exasperates the problem.
@_date: 2014-08-20 22:29:09
what about the idea of a mini-blockchain?












@_date: 2014-09-16 17:35:14
the problem is Chinese and Russian governments are delusional and both have taken negative stances towards bitcoin
cryptocurrencies are going to have to hide to survive the coming years. no one controls them, which is a problem if you're a fucking sociopath politician
@_date: 2014-08-04 00:27:38
vennd is the better way to do simple BTC trading pairs with counterparty, it is only a matter of sending the asked amount of BTC to a normal BTC address, and you receive the counterparty asset in turn
if you send a colored coin to my Armory wallet, Armory has no way of knowing whether the coin is in fact colored without undergoing some additional overhead beyond what it does already
colored coins are bitcoins, except in coinprism's case which uses OP_RETURN, but in any case every asset issuance scheme, be it colored or counterparty is working blind without being fed additional data from somewhere. but they all work with bitcoin wallets
contracts, counterparty does distributed escrow: that is the entire point of the name, counterparty. i'm sure you've done multisig escrow. it takes a third party, even if you trust the third party to be there for you in case of a dispute, but with counterparty, the protocol itself replaces that third party. that is the point
other contract i can't say, but for example i don't foresee there being much demand for micropayment channels of AMZN stock
they're just separate use cases
coinjoin, replace it with trading to stealth addresses, there has been much talk about this, development is more focused on non-anonymity features for the time being, but i foresee it being possible to get creative with anonymous DEX trading of like-like pairs + stealth addresses and sighash anyonecanpay
@_date: 2014-09-13 20:14:04
there are two ways to do SPV:
1. the electrum way where you have federated servers that don't touch anything and can't fuck you over, but they can spy on you
2. the bitcoinj way where you have bloom filters broadcasting a limited number of addresses of which you are interested in retrieving the balance of
bloom filters in one sense are worse than the electrum way, because with bloom filters you have no real control over which peers you share the limited number of addresses with.
both approaches can be made significantly more private by connecting through tor
the only trustless option is the full node: Bitcoin-QT, Armory and btcd. otherwise you are sharing your addresses with a third party.
Think about this again next time someone tells you not to worry about the blockchain growing in size
@_date: 2014-09-28 20:32:08
precious metals are incomparable to fiat currencies and bitcoin
the difference between bitcoin and the USD. USD has a predictable price controlled by insiders. it results in a caste social order and plutocracy. bitcoin also results in plutocracy, but one dominated by technocrats instead of zionist bankers
gold, silver and other physical commodities have real world uses that do not depend on MLM, extortion or racketeering rings for value
@_date: 2014-08-28 21:47:37
people are bound to lose money by blindly trusting remote servers not to lie about which bitcoin address to send money to. it's an inherently dangerous situation.
multi API concensus doesn't lend much in the way of security. this is not something that you want to be in the position of blindly trusting not to send 100 BTC to the wrong address. Every time someone sends 100 BTC through the onename API, the remote servers have to be trusted not to conspire.
If at the moment you are relying solely on onename.io, a single centralized organization, to return the proper bitcoin address, that's even worse. now not only do you need to trust that onename.io isn't hacked or MITM'd, you need to trust that onename.io isn't "hacked" cough karpeles


if that's the case then i don't think you have a secure wallet. i keep saying it: it's an accident waiting to happen
@_date: 2014-09-24 19:51:46
look, in the bitcoin space, one man's shill is another man's "evangelist"
shilling is the process of gaming social media platforms, including reddit, blogs, and forums for positive press without disclosing your financial interest
if we're to go by this definition, then any company who has ever paid CoinDesk or umpteen other bitcoin blogs to pass off their content as original, or to moderate the comments of a blog in a certain way, is guilty of shilling. this happens all the time in the bitcoin space!
seriously, which bitcoin "evangelists" do you think forgot to disclose their true financial position in bitcoin for you when they went to describe the system to you? how many of you are guilty of doing this today? if we're getting cynical about things, then this entire fucking space is a goddamn MLM scheme full of people who are shilling for it without disclosing their financial position to the public
think about anyone involved in ethereum, NXT, Mastercoin, litecoin, dogecoin, and literally every other altcoin in existence. if we take a strict definition of shilling, any time those people mention something about that which they have a financial interest in on a social media platform without disclosing their complete financial position, they are in fact guilty of shilling. and most of them are doing it far more frequently and far more deceitfully than binarybase.co, which I've never even heard of
ethereum in particular was shilling fucking HARD leading up to their IPO, during which they raised MILLIONS.
you people are being shilled so hard on this subreddit you don't even know when to cry foul
give binarybase.co a fucking break. jesus
@_date: 2014-09-28 20:50:57
bitcoin is an investment product, but there is no capital produced by investing in bitcoin
bitcoin is a network of users, but there would be no network without the promise of investment returns
for 99% of bitcoin users, there is no product at all with bitcoin beyond that which benefits the holder of the investment product financially
  
bitcoin to objectionists is an arbitrary token sold to new recruits based on promises of seeing bigger and bigger waves of new recruits buy the same investment product which offers no dividends and no voting rights
@_date: 2014-08-04 00:29:36
there is such thing as double spending BTC


you'd send BTC to a BTC address and receive a counterparty asset in turn. This is how [vennd]( works, simple fast easy
@_date: 2014-09-16 17:23:20
there is NO difference between putting ASICs in one warehouse to mine and putting CPUs in one warehouse to mine
in both the cases the problem is the owner of the warehouse can be trivially identified, extorted and coerced
@_date: 2014-08-27 01:53:01
you are conflating a fully-fledged cryptocurrency with an IPOcoin
at no point in the process of creating an innovative cryptocurrency are you *required* to create tokens out of thin air and then sell them to the public.
none of what you say changes the fact that you 1) created a token out of thin air, and 2) sold it to the public in exchange for money
if you want to be taken seriously as an open source project, maybe you should worry less about creating money for nothing, and worry more about your ethics and whether any lackthereof may justify the rapid forking of your project into something that has no history of fleecing the public
no one ever said shit about people not getting paid money for their work. pump and dump schemes have a very rich history. if that's how you want to get paid, fine
@_date: 2014-06-19 05:00:22
The only alternative is to back up private keys to the cloud. This means you need to backup the most valuable component of your wallet to the most trusted third party of all, the NSA, on a regular basis.
This is basically what anyone who trusts blockchain.info is doing right now. It isn't what Electrum does. And it isn't what most people want judging by the growing popularity of BIP32. In a couple years, I'd be shocked if less than 90% of dominant Bitcoin wallets *aren't* deterministic.
In practice I cannot think of a single time, over my many years of running native Bitcoin wallets, when I have ever given out a private key attached to a wallet with a real Bitcoin balance *and felt good about it*.
Exporting private keys is an excellent feature to have in case of emergencies, and I just like having that power, but in practice the power goes unused.
Just something to think about, hardened BIP32 trees are coming. Hardened BIP32 private keys could be given out in a trustless manner, but what you likely want much more than that is a multisig-enabled BIP32 wallet, where all the addresses in the tree are 3XYZ2468ABBQ13579....
ps: electrum does this today in an unreleased version
@_date: 2014-08-28 15:43:24
aren't you using onename which is a centralized API? if so, when you send 1 BTC to  through onename, a hacker could MITM the onename connection, and claim  is his own bitcoin address. this is an accident waiting to happen
@_date: 2014-09-16 17:20:12
no, only PoW miners with large amounts of money and resources can keep up with the increased mining competition. "the rich get richer" in PoW too, but i really hadn't intended for this to devolve into a debate about capitalism
the simple fact is that industrial mining operations are an unavoidable result with proof of work
@_date: 2014-09-28 18:00:29
i buy bitcoin because i think bigger waves of people will buy bitcoin. this is objectively similar to MLM, where new recruits buy into the system to bolster the investment of older recruits. i don't care how many lives you think bitcoin will save. the real life benefit of that system is putting money in your pocket just like every other MLM scheme does. and no, i have nothing against MLM. but i have no illusions here. the lot of you with delusions of grandeur trying to sell this shit to wall street while stone walling the black market aspects of it is the problem.
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:29:28
Great, then it should be no problem for OKCoin and Huobi to show who the real people are who deposited real BTC onto the site in order to engage in an infinite amount of zero-fee trades.
@_date: 2014-09-16 17:07:01
can you give me a single example of a nation with some semblance of sovereignty that has an incentive not to fuck over bitcoin
@_date: 2014-08-14 04:23:59
gold requires force to protect. it's a physical commodity. anything physical you own requires physical force to protect it. humans have been doing physical force for fucking ever. we have it figured out. you can't decentralize it. works best with standing armies.
conversely, basing your economy on something that exists only in cyberspace
something that is protected by math and a distributed network
means you need no guns to safeguard your nation's wealth
meaning you need no centralization or large standing military to have a commercially successful nation
meaning your society can sustain a more decentralized power structure
that's fine if you're a statist, hint you're not a statist if you know what the word statist means. but if such a future doesn't appeal to you, WHY THE FUCK did you buy into Bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-09-21 21:35:20
a PC is your telephone, television, movie theatre, typewriter, fax machine, and mail system, at the same time
you are comparing a PC to ... an online marketplace
@_date: 2014-06-22 23:42:32
Yes, I am. If you're bullish on Bitcoin, it's hard to be even more bullish on an asset built on top Bitcoin that in itself does more to grow the demand for Bitcoin than grow the demand for itself.
Where it gets interesting is when you represent gold and other commodities as appcoins, because then if BTC devalues relative to gold, the value of the appcoin will appreciate against BTC, because it takes more BTC to buy gold than it did before. Hard to imagine gold outpacing Bitcoin in growth.
Another thing you could do is make USDappcoin, and then just hold USDappcoin in a Bitcoin wallet. However this requires a trusted issuer of USD.
@_date: 2014-07-14 18:12:26


@_date: 2014-09-24 22:44:16
the prime beneficiaries of Bitcoin are the ones who got in early. the earlier you get into the system, the more money you earn by doing nothing. That's MLM.
the prime beneficiaries of Bitcoin also tend to be its most vocal "evangelists". One man's evangelist is another man's shill. That's MLM.
the income goals of a significant proportion of Bitcoin recruits are dependent on the system's ability to recruit bigger and bigger waves of new users to Bitcoin. and what are these new recruits buying into, if not for the dream of seeing still bigger waves of new recruits? there is no product with Bitcoin. the product is the dream of seeing new recruits bolster the investment of older recruits. That's MLM.
@_date: 2014-08-15 17:42:18


i completely agree. not only is it easier to pay using a credit card, it's safer, because you have recourse, and it's cheaper because you're paying with net 30 terms. you're effectively paying merchants with an IOU, which is something bitcoin just can't do
bitcoin is and has always been more useful as an isolated economic system. it is a way to store value and exchange value outside of the state. by conducting commerce in bitcoin, i'm making a statement that bitcoin is a real thing and more people should get involved, but i never enjoy doing it, it's a chore
also if your company is just going to use coinbase to convert any received bitcoins to fiat, your company doesn't give a fuck about bitcoin. i'm not ever going to pay bitcoins for shit like that and it doesn't surprise me that these companies doing that for marketing gimmicks aren't seeing any bitcoin sales.
dealbook should focus on the growth of silk road and the online black market. major consumer incentives there like help end the drug war, route around trade embargoes, buy useful shit anonymously. of course, zombified statists don't care about that, which is what people really mean when they say "consumer"
@_date: 2014-07-06 21:39:04


Contribute to WHOM
Someone got that money
It was an IPO i'm glad you admit that at least
Here's how I would copy NXT's model for success verbatim:
1. Say that I have a new "proof of stake" coin with a new codebase
2. Hype pure POS as being the solution to bitcoin mining centralization and energy consumption
3. Find 7 of my closest "friends"
4. Tell them I'm doing a fundraising round for my POS coin
5. Accept 21 BTC in total from my closest friends
6. Distribute all 100,000,000 tokens of my POS coin to my closest friends
7. Release coin on public exchanges
8. Profit substantially from my massive, irrefutable insider advantage
this really happened, this is how NXT was born, it's ridiculous. It's atrocious.
It's a SCAM
@_date: 2014-08-28 16:52:51
it's a SPV wallet
it won't have the bitcoin blockchain and it won't have the namecoin blockchain
that's the whole point of SPV
would you please address my concern of MITMing your centralized API
because it's pretty clear they're calling the centralized api
it's one thing to call a normal API
it's very different when the api returns a bitcoin address, which when compromised results in direct financial loss for the user, and direct financial gain for the hacker
@_date: 2014-07-14 17:33:46
what is useful to one person isn't automatically useful to the next
the most useful property of bitcoin is **being money**
money doesn't need to do backflips to be money
money *does* need a deflationary decentralized verifiably fair distribution and widespread adoption to be money
which is why ethereum is doing a bitcoin IPO
because bitcoin is better as money
than ethereum is
or ever will be
@_date: 2014-07-03 21:20:36
You need a network connection to mine PoW coins.
You need energy to mine PoW coins.
You need computers to mine PoW coins.
All of the above is subject to efficiencies of scale.
I don't care how "ASIC-resistant" the coin is, it's still going to be more efficient to put large batches of mining machines in huge datacenters.
Think about it. Why can't there be Ethereum mining clusters just like there are Bitcoin mining clusters? Whether it's CPUs, GPUs, or ASICs, doesn't matter in the slightest. The unavoidable reality is it will always be more efficient to group mining resources together to mine PoW coins.
@_date: 2014-07-10 14:17:25
took BTC from the community, used it to fund his line of ASICs, and then mined with those same ASICs for weeks and weeks before shipping them out. In that time, he minted thousands of coins on the customer's dime, without telling the customer. got Bitcoin rich in a highly unethical way. He has always tried to play it off as if he never did this. He even claimed that people bringing this up to him were throwing off his "chi".
@_date: 2014-08-18 14:00:33
omfg, a brilliant scheme? seriously? the guy blamed transaction malleability for the loss of 850,000 BTC. i swear it's like you people don't realize it's actually easier for a lone operator to disappear with btc than for that same operator to be hacked by ninjas. you only have to send coins from your internal company wallet to, gasp, *another address*. eureka. fat fuck is a criminal with a proven history of computer fraud. and as with most criminals, magikarp is not that fucking smart. he's just a criminal. that's all there is to it. it's occam's razor
@_date: 2014-07-19 04:28:51
many of you looking for the last bastion of free markets are going to be disappointed to discover there is no jurisdiction, no safe haven anywhere in the world in which centralized institutions *don't* have the authority to fuck up your physical reality
it's the nature of physical reality to be dominated by those occupying its physical space, by force; force which is legitimized through a political process that favors those with power over resources
it's an endless feedback loop
the lawsky proposal perfectly reflects this
they are attempting to bring down bitcoin by making the entire system act like the banking system. all of the proposed rules apply to Bitcoin-QT just as much as they apply to Coinbase. this according to Marco Santori
Silicon Valley doesn't win shit, Silk Road does. only when humanity comes to realize that there is no escaping tyranny except through diligent use of Tor and maintaining of parallel lives in cypherspace will we be able to evolve as a species
@_date: 2014-07-04 19:21:50
Nice non-sequitur.
Right, market participants aren't incentivized to mine as many coins as possible before difficulty rises. Nope, people wouldn't rush out to buy CPUs to mine CPU-only coins, they would just cloud mine on Amazon EC2!
Lurn 2 crypt0 kthx
@_date: 2014-09-04 02:35:11
care to guesstimate the number of "protocols" created post irrevocable transfer of $10M to a tiny group founders in exchange for not-even-a-currency, for a price set by the founders arbitrarily
nobody is on the same footing as the founders of ethereum
they're the ones who are getting paid! i'm sure they'd love for you to contribute though
@_date: 2014-07-14 20:36:45
we have a dying financial system
bitcoin replaces the USD as world reserve currency has always been the goal
it's hard enough to get people into Bitcoin
except for the people shilling for ethereum, who are ironically attempting to raise **bitcoin**
no one gives a fuck about ethereum contracts
@_date: 2014-09-21 15:48:13
you posted this exact thing on look, people were taken aback by the photos of a chinese ASIC mining operation for a reason. even the most cynical of bitcoiners never would've expected mining to take off as quickly as it has.
for chinese people, this shit is like the 2014 equivalent of World of Warcraft gold farming. they don't give a fuck. they just don't. their actions may be destroying bitcoin's decentralization but they don't care so long as they can print money from their magic money machines.
i'm not convinced PoS is any better by the way. both PoW and PoS are pieces of shit, and nobody knows how to solve it. this is why gavin repeatedly tells people bitcoin is an experiment.
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:21:45
first of all, MLM doesn't have to be centralized for a 40 something lawyer to perceive it as MLM. nobody's taking out Encyclopedia Brittanica anymore, so sorry to give you the bad news.


what's the marginal cost of you storing, or sending me a bitcoin? ZERO. talk about high profit margins. you could've bought hundreds of thousands of them in 2010 for next to nothing.


yes, tell this to the guys who bought hundreds of thousands of bitcoins in 2010 and 2011. there IS hierarchy in bitcoin and generally the top of the pyramid owns the most coins


oh good, be sure to tell this to the guys who were adding $100,000 a day to their net worth throughout 2013. to assume people benefit proportionately from bitcoin gaining in price is just asinine


news flash: there are a handful of core developers who control bitcoin's core codebase, and if you don't have a shitload of money, from mining early coins or otherwise, to buy ASICs there's no way you can keep up with the mining competition
@_date: 2014-09-28 20:53:13
no one needs to accept your gold, silver or diamonds for you to wear it as jewelry or for it to shine brightly
@_date: 2014-07-06 21:46:01
No. The NXT "IPO" was **21 BTC, between 7 people**. After 21 BTC was raised, all 100,000,000 NXT tokens were distributed between 7 people
Those 7 people, who I'm sure had *no* relation at all to BCNext, got rich quick
BCNext got rich quick too, and has since quit developing NXT
hard to get more centralized than NXT
@_date: 2014-07-06 22:08:37
I'd actually compare NXT to a cow manure company going public
The product itself is shit
@_date: 2014-07-08 21:31:28
you can't get money stolen from a multisig address
when your computer only has 1 of 2 keys needed to unlock the funds
even if you're hacked, you'll be fine
if the insurance is free, i guess i'd take it
nothings free!
@_date: 2014-06-20 03:01:27
And yet, Android users can *choose* to substitute side-loading PGP signed APKs in place of building apps from source or downloading apps from an appstore of any kind.
You don't even have this choice on iOS.
In fact, this method, of trusting signed binaries, is the norm for the majority of Linux users, not to mention Windows and Mac users.
Trusting the signer of a binary isn't as secure as building the app from source yourself, but it's *vastly superior* to the following:
- App maintainers build iOS app
- App maintainers submit iOS app to Apple
- Apple does whatever they damn well please with the submitted iOS app
- You search for the app on the Appstore
- You download the app hoping it reflects what the maintainers originally built, or *claim to have built*. Not even the maintainers of the original app can guarantee this is the case.
Now, the same deal happens with Google and the Play Store, but you can choose to forego the Play Store on Android which is a choice you don't have on iOS.
It's really no contest, Android is the better mobile OS for Bitcoin, period end of discussion
@_date: 2014-09-17 14:45:11


























Bitcoin, where you can be your own bank. now the bookkeepers are instead 20 and 30-somethings who tend to handle the company's assets acting alone. i know what you're thinking: what could possibly go wrong
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:05:37
windows sacrifices security for ease of use by computer illiterate dumb fucks
linux doesn't have that problem
@_date: 2014-07-14 18:13:32


Couldn't possibly put it better than [bitpay did](
people who control bitcoins on your behalf should stop calling themselves wallets
this is highly misleading to newcomers to bitcoin
coinbase is one thing, they're the good guys
but you let coinbase and mtgox and on and on call themselves wallets
that sets a dangerous precedent
next thing you know some fly by night dudes open up a coinbase clone in eastern europe and just scam a shitload of people out of their coins when they thought they were protected because bitcoin wallets are safe
@_date: 2014-09-18 05:09:42
now this is a refreshing departure from all those ~~appcoins~~ IPOcoins. to think, a crypto token that actually improves forums and enhances the social networking aspects of the web. way to go adam
@_date: 2014-08-28 14:00:07
this. open source is a classic example of tragedy of the commons, which is why you need a bunch of people to make small pledges in aggregate as with lighthouse. still even then it isn't clear that that's enough to drive an effort, because not many people are going to be cool with tieing up their money, and there's still no incentive for the individual investor to take a financial hit so that everyone else benefits at his expense
open source anything is ultimately a public good. profiting from that is hard. this is why you see so many open source developers who are sharks go for the IPO, and issue a token out of thin air and then convince a bunch of unsophisticated investors to buy in to their pump and dump at imaginary prices. it's just the easiest way to turn a profit on open source, but it ends up costing the project its dignity, and costing investors financially
in a couple years it's going to become readily apparent that these pump and dumps are only profitable for the guys running the show who are all toeing a thin line between supporting open source and defrauding investors. the SEC will probably get involved at some point
@_date: 2014-09-10 15:21:06


someone should xpost this on fucking charlatans...
@_date: 2014-06-21 22:22:10
Just take Pieter Hintjens for example, of ZeroMQ fame.
You can make money at open source, you just have to communicate!
@_date: 2014-08-18 14:25:04
while it's true that owning bitcoin opens you up to a global marketplace, dude, the price of ethereum wasn't set by the market! they just pulled the number out of their ass and you sent them BTC based on that figment of their imagination, and you want to tell me that you're long ethereum?
no offense, but those guys took your BTC in a hyped up IPO and there is not a single chance in hell that you're going to see a BTC profit from that nonsense. the only people who are profiting from that IPO are on the ethereum team, everyone else is getting fucking scammed out of their money, hence they are selling snakeoil. oh wait, "it's not actually an ipo", which explains why nobody investing in their IPO has any expectation of profit
@_date: 2014-08-25 19:43:33
i swear to god these people advocating bitcoin as "it's paypal" have not sold bitcoin to a single real life person
yea surely grandma will fork $1M into bitcoin, raising the price with her life savings because bitcoin is paypal. yes, this is clearly why people invest in bitcoin. to the moon
look bud i'm just saying bitcoin works as a p2p system, isolated economy away from the current system
if you're trying to sell bitcoin to people as, "it's paypal" your gonna have a bad time
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:45:06
i was hoping someone would bring up the distinction between bitcoin and the USD
the difference is, bitcoin is MLM while the USD is zionist racketeering
@_date: 2014-06-23 06:18:58


\&gt;&lt;, how do you figure?
@_date: 2014-08-18 14:05:13
they're not selling the BTC. the entire point of ethereum was to raise as many BTC as they could. they may be snake oil salesmen, but they're definitely not selling the coins
@_date: 2014-07-14 18:00:23
this is a good start, i must admit. but at the same time this would be like saying bitcoin is a digital currency based on math
and then glossing over the objections that matter to people in the real world
we get asked all the time who is in charge of bitcoin. how can i trust bitcoin. what's the deal with bitcoin, what is it's story
- what is the ownership structure of the fed
- how is fed policy decided
- what is the history of the fed
anyone wanting to know these things should look no further than this exceptional documentary 
@_date: 2014-07-06 20:13:17


What about trading altcoins? Why do you assume no transactions of significant value can take place between anonymous parties? That's a really far-fetched claim
@_date: 2014-08-15 17:57:25
@_date: 2014-09-26 21:42:47
bullshit. you don't know how the bacon gets made
it's naivety like this that makes me realize why ethereum was able to raise over $10M
just look at the front page of this subreddit for crying out loud. this is a real life example of what i'm talking about: 
"oh wow so funny eric vorhees LoooolL like totally man, hey can i have some of your 100,000+ bitcoins now?"
anyone who has been around money at all will tell you this is how it is
you wonder why the world has problems. these are innate psychological biases, and some basic organizational behavior fallacies that i'm pointing out to you
but hey, what do i know. continue downvoting, the circle jerk must roll on! bad things can't happen to bitcoin companies. "WE'RE better than THEM. THEY are the PROBLEM." clueless bunch of hipsters
@_date: 2014-09-28 18:51:16


yes, but the same could be said of litecoin
which is to say, the supposed benefits of bitcoin are worth fuck all if you don't assume bigger waves of new recruits continuously bolstering the investment of older recruits
in other words MLM is the primary value of bitcoin, and also the number one objection to buying in. without bigger and bigger waves of new recruits bolstering the investment of old recruits, who cares if third party interference is impossible. third party interference is impossible with BBQcoin
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:10:05
a gold earring you find on the ground doesn't require you to convince one more friend to also find it valuable for you to want it
with bitcoin, that's the whole value! you have to convince someone else to accept it first. and for you to do that, you have to convince him that many others will also want to accept it. bitcoin has been MLM from the moment it came out. gold is a naturally occurring metal that generally increases one's attractiveness when worn
@_date: 2014-07-08 04:42:45
Whatever your views on Corbett's personal politics are, this video literally closes with him saying "it's too bad we're trapped in the fiat system, but all you can do is send me JPY". THAT is crazy
@_date: 2014-09-26 23:41:30
@_date: 2014-06-20 06:06:17
Apparently you would sooner blindly believe what a tiny number of insiders say you should believe about a piece of software **without any method to verify their claims**. Trust, but verify! This is exactly why open source software is superior to proprietary software in the security realm.
But no, you're right champ. I'm sure the software security industry has been utterly mistaken to trust verifiable open source software for decades! Yep, what they really needed all along was an Appstore in cahoots with the NSA. Unverifiable binary blobs are always the right answer for secure computing /s
@_date: 2014-06-17 22:46:57
Going by which pool has 51% of the network right now is a foolish way of analyzing the relative decentralization of the network.
Even if no pool is actively exceeding 10% of the hashrate, there's no way to know whether a single entity is controlling 51% of the network. Think outside the box, you can own multiple pools, you can own multiple datacenters.
**There is no solution for this.**
Governments and corporations ultimately control the infrastructure upon which Bitcoin's mining system is built. It pains me to say this, but it's just plain impossible to ensure decentralization in Bitcoin mining given this reality.
@_date: 2014-08-26 22:53:54
an appcoin is just an IPOcoin. any time you create a token out of thin air and then sell it to the public in exchange for money, you have created money out of nothing for your own benefit.
if instead you are issuing vouchers or coupons on the blockchain, fine. call it what it is. a coupon
if instead you are creating a brand new cryptocurrency distributed by some genius PoW algorithm, fine. you have a cryptocurrency. it isn't an appcoin. an appcoin is an IPOcoin, it's just that the dudes profiting from the appcoins want to conflate it with everything under the sun to hide the true nature of the appcoin.
ethereum is just an IPOcoin. NXT is an IPOcoin. Mastercoin is an IPOcoin. StorjCoi and MaidsafeCoin are both IPOcoins. in each case, the creators of the IPOcoin literally had people send them money for nothing. the buyers of the IPOcoin are then stuck in a pump and dump because they paid money for nothing in the hopes that a greater fool would pay even more money for that same quantity of nothing.
this is why IPOcoins are scams in a nutshell
BTW typically the only people who disagree with this view are the suckers who invested in the IPOcoin or who are shilling for the IPOcoin in some other way. the gist of it is, only the creators of the IPOcoin get rich, everyone else gets fucking scammed out of their money end of discussion
@_date: 2014-07-04 19:02:59
You missed my point completely. The centralization risk of CPUs, GPUs, and ASICs is absolutely, 100% the same. If I say to you, I have a CPU only coin, and it's better than Bitcoin, get to mining, do you or do you not 1) buy as many CPUs as you can, and 2) **mine with those CPUs in a centralized location**.
You think there wouldn't be CPU or GPU mining farms? Before ASICs came out for Bitcoin, we had exactly that: GPU mining farms, and CPU mining farms, all of which were centralized. All of which could've been easily commandeered by a motivated government, or Intel, or TSMC as with ASICs.
ASIC resistance is tantamount to shuffling the deck of cards. It produces no real results.
@_date: 2014-09-26 17:39:18
the whole point of bitcoin, supposedly, is to make it more profitable for fallible humans to work together towards a common goal. unfortunately that breaks down as soon as you have a private organization larger than one. are there any organizations larger than one in the bitcoin space, who COUGH, you may think are misappropriating resources or are partially corrupt? naw, couldn't be!
those at the top of ANY organization naturally favor underlings who kiss their ass and make them believe that their every essence is fucking platinum plated gold utter genius every single time. oh, boss, you thought that "heyzap" was an original startup name? genius. oh, boss, that penis shaped logo really is the best thing since sliced bread. thanks for being such a fucking genius.
smart people inside the organizations, or just cynical people, say things and turn a blind eye so they can fucking get paid more.
this isn't something that only happens at the evil, evil BANKS. though there are probably way more educated people who work in high levels at banks who realize everything i'm saying is true. this is just human nature
@_date: 2014-08-30 14:48:53
bits does nothing to counter widespread animosity towards early adopters of bitcoin:
- "but all the profits have been made already"
- "but the only reason you're telling me about bitcoin is because you have a lot of bitcoin yourself"
- "but you just want the price to go up so you can make more money"
this is the elephant in the room, and remains the elephant in the room regardless of bits or BTC or mBTC
bits may help some people who are already sold on bitcoin feel better about investing, but i don't think it actually matters, because when some people say "it's too expensive", what they really mean is "i missed the train"
@_date: 2014-07-07 13:38:39
Tim Swanson's [The Great Chain of Numbers]( is the *only* comprehensive overview of all those technologies in one place.
@_date: 2014-09-17 15:35:35
wait, isn't the simplest explanation that he just stole the damn money?
@_date: 2014-08-18 16:35:50
compare that to the early days of bitcoin
anyone could mine it on an old laptop for free. the price of bitcoin, before there was a market, was $0.
bitcoin didn't even have a price until mtgox
but then ethereum comes along and they're like, we have this new currency, oh it doesn't exist yet, but surely it *will exist*. and we want you to pay us a BTC price for each unit. sure, we *pulled that price out of our ass*, but that isn't what's important. what's important is for you to pay us a shitload of money right now
ask yourself this: why didn't they just release ethereum without the premine?
@_date: 2014-07-14 23:43:53
EVERY altcoin maker has to eat, you're not a special snowflake
i'm going to call it like it is, even if it offends you, because what i'm saying is the fucking truth
premined altcoins are scams and garbage, universally
premined altcoins are all the same, always the same shit pulled by greedy idiots
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:09:09
Prove that you have these HFT traders. Prove that you've *had them* since 2013 and 2014, which is when OKCoin's volume started flying off the charts.
Has OKCoin ever run bots, or any other schemes internally to inflate public volume figures?
@_date: 2014-07-06 19:18:49
In a pure POS coin like NXT, the initial coin distribution has to be handled by a central entity.
How is that not the same thing as doing an IPO? in both cases, you are inventing a token out of thin air and then handing it out to people in exchange for cash. the developers of the POS coin get a big BTC payday while everyone else has to shoulder the risk of holding the new token. it's a scam
@_date: 2014-09-28 18:18:01
gold doesn't need bigger and bigger waves of new recruits to sustain its value as a shiny metal that can be made into jewelry. there is a MLM element to gold, but that came after and separately. bitcoin and MLM happen together or not at all
@_date: 2014-07-19 04:35:52
wrong, according to marco santori the regulations apply just as much to bitcoin-qt as they do to coinbase
it is the end of bitcoin as we know it if these laws go into effect, first in NY then in the rest of america and then in other countries
this is bitcoin's "then they fight you" moment make no mistake
@_date: 2014-09-02 19:43:12
At least someone with talent would have that money if Karp had kept it on iCloud
But wait, it's *impossible* that 800,000 coins were stolen by one person acting alone. After all, what's a guy who blatantly stole over a billion dollars supposed to do with himself? it would be far too obvious a crime, and would be simply enraged.
@_date: 2014-06-26 03:04:27
Does a central entity have full control over the supply or not? It's that simple. Appcoins have a central entity which must be trusted at the very least to distribute the supply initially. Typically the central entity decides initial distribution based on who is willing to pay the most money. Making it worse is the fact that scam artists will forever be attracted to the idea of raising money out of thin air. they can do that with Category 3 cryptos. They can do it with Category 2 cryptos, but it's a lot easier with Category 3.
@_date: 2014-06-20 06:41:57
Android is based on Linux. It's open source, and if you want to remove Google from the picture entirely, you can just root your phone and install Cyanogen. It's worth doing. Maybe it's not worth doing for your grandma. I don't know.
iOS is a gaping black hole compared to Android. You have NO way of verifying the authenticity of a single piece of software running on iOS, and the only way to change it is to jailbreak it, which is a complete bitch to do. We know for a FACT the NSA has every single god damn iPhone compromised fresh off the assembly line, so maybe jailbreaking will grow in popularity
or you could just use fucking android, not that hard, it is superior in every way to iOS for Bitcoin
@_date: 2014-07-20 16:57:48
the willy report would beg to differ
a very large part of previous hype cycles was caused by magikarp market manipulation
@_date: 2014-08-10 01:52:27
dunno why you're being downvoted
there's a huge incentive to MITM a onename address. you think you're sending 1 btc to  and then you find out you got heisted
what is saying, if i understand correctly, is that there is no way to remove the threat of MITM with onename except for running namecoind on your computer with the full node
@_date: 2014-07-04 18:57:37
TLDR; nightmare version. The EBA's ruling would effectively destroy Bitcoin as we know it:
**1. KYC on all transactions**


**2. Mandatory registration of all "Satoshi Nakamotos", who then become liable for misfeatures, bugs and user errors as determined by a "qualified" regulatory body**


**3. All exchanges, wallet providers, and so forth would need to financially reimburse users out-of-pocket for any lost or stolen funds**


@_date: 2014-07-10 14:03:54
I'd add one more thing. For every pure POS coin out there, there's a developer who got rich. in pure POS coins, the developers literally create 100% of the coin supply on Day 1 and then sell it all in exchange for cash. An IPOcoin is born. This as opposed to proof of work where the creators of the coin are on the same playing field as everyone else.
Some people who are invested in IPOcoins like to pretend that the IPO is somehow more fair than proof of work, don't listen to them obv. what would you think if Satoshi had auctioned off all 21,000,000 bitcoins in 2009 in exchange for cash. You'd think it was a get-rich-quick scheme, which would be true.
@_date: 2014-08-28 18:56:19
no, i understand you perfectly.
please, tell me you understand that electrum servers do not return bitcoin public addresses to the wallet?
in your case, your service, be it consumed from onename.io or from a remote instance of namecoind, **does** return bitcoin public addresses
IF the bitcoin public address returned from the remote server IS NOT the true bitcoin public address associated with  for example, the user sending coins to  LOSES MONEY
Do you see the difference? Electrum servers are NEVER relied upon in any way to push vital information or data of any kind to electrum wallets. Your service, on the other hand, DOES do precisely this. It is honest to god distressing to have to point this out to a software engineer at OneName. People are going to lose money over this.
@_date: 2014-07-08 22:28:59
who are these theoretical users of bitcoin who are both interested in ditching fiat currencies **and** not interested in learning how to use bitcoin properly
do they even exist?
in marketing they draw up profiles of consumers like they want to target
who are they trying to target
i have never ever met a bitcoin user like this
someone who is interested in bitcoin, but doesn't know what a wallet is, or doesn't know that bitcoin is money without intermediaries
"lower fees"? "money of the future" that's just what public personas have to say to regulators to avoid getting sent to prison or looking like conspiracy theorists or anti-semites
most people just aren't in need of an alternative form of money
those who are, are willing to learn how to use it properly
@_date: 2014-06-21 20:00:15
Exactly. Advocacy groups, religious groups and numerous non-profits have been making donations work for decades. It's not that donations *don't work*, it's that no one in the Bitcoin space has taken the VAST effort necessary to emulate successful donation-driven models.
Much easier for developers to take the lazy route and throw out a Bitcoin address once with no real emotional appeal attached to it. And then they complain that no one donates! Obviously you're not going to raise much money without asking a large audience for it repeatedly.
Go ask any successful entrepreneur what it takes to raise money. It isn't pretty, and just because you're a broke college student doing open source software doesn't make raising money any easier. It's just a matter of how you go about it. That you can advertise yourself as being non-profit and involved in open source is a significant advantage because you will have tons of good will to work with up front.
I'm not suggesting getting aggressive about donations, but you open source devs are really missing the big picture. For example: p2pool author had the opportunity to build an email list. Did he build one? Did he have a nice website? Did he send emails asking his readers to click to a nice article he wrote? Did he connect with his audience regularly? Did he ask them for money regularly, in a CONSENSUAL manner? No. He did none of that. He had a taxation-based setting for donations which is sleezy as all hell. It's no surprise 90% of his users turned off the feature. It didn't add any value.
Compare that to running an actual marketing campaign. Just because people aren't resourceful doesn't mean we need resort to depending on centralized organizations for handouts, which is just going to further aggravate the centralization of Bitcoin.


First of all, I'll have you know math is involved in direct response advertising.
- My audience is 10,000 people
- I'm going to email them a link to an article once this Friday
- 5% of them will open the email
- 5% of them will click through to the article
- 5% of them will sign up for a free video series
And so on.
How often do you see this being done in the Bitcoin space?
NEVER. It simply hasn't happened, and fuck everything about handouts and centralization until we see something like this take place.
@_date: 2014-08-18 14:10:05
... and what about all the other supposed "hacks" aka embezzlement that goes on in the bitcoin space? all throughout bitcoin's history, sites have been "hacked" causing massive loss of customer funds. this is the umpteenth time the same shit has gone on. you're saying this time it's different because of his "MO". occam's razor is that it was one person acting alone, as always
also, the thing about bitcoin is that even if you get caught red handed stealing 850,000 btc in an utterly incompetent fashion as magikarp clearly did "transaction malleability" my ass, there's NOTHING anyone can do about it
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:15:01
there's no reason for a premine
no excuse save for greed and stupidity
@_date: 2014-09-13 20:09:27
if you want a trustless wallet you need to run your own full node. SPV is not a silver bullet, and in fact, no form of SPV is trustless. not bitcoinj, and not electrum.
the full node is the one and only configuration where there is zero chance of a third party learning your address balances
Your choices are Bitcoin-QT, Armory, and btcd
i wouldn't have made this reply if not for your statement "real SPV". gives the impression you think SPV is private and trustless when that is entirely incorrect.
@_date: 2014-07-14 23:10:51
**I call bullshit**


So you have no personal or working relationship with anyone who owns a bitcoin?
And you're on ... how ??? why ???
and you're ranting like hell about what is or isn't a wallet!






oh you got it from andreas
that's just rich
@_date: 2014-09-24 18:48:17
there's a fine line between a currency and an MLM scheme. bitcoin crossed that line in 2014.
@_date: 2014-08-15 17:45:07
mass quantities of people don't do shit, ever, no matter how logical it is for them to do
you want mass quantities of people to use bitcoin u better wait for us dollar hegemony to end. in no other situation would a "consumer" desperately look for an alternative currency as a real solution to their predicament
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:41:01
i have no problem with MLM. who said it's a flawed model? it got Bitcoin this far didn't it?
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:25:41
the only thing that's clear is coinbase and circle and god knows how many other companies that hold bitcoins on behalf of users have the incentive NOT to be called banks.
know what's creepy? i get the impression that you work for one of these companies like coinbase or circle and are just putting out this keychain bullshit as a talking point. Nobody in the history of bitcoin has ever called a wallet a keychain.
- FACT: Coinbase can steal, freeze or fail to provide access to other peoples money
- FACT: Coinbase integrates with the US banking system
to use your words, if it walks like a bank and quacks like a bank ...
it's a fucking bank
how about you be *reasonable* and call it an account, and feel happy everyone isn't calling you a bank yet?
@_date: 2014-09-28 20:09:30
Really, and what is the "actual" legal definition of bitcoin according to Encyclopedia Brittanica.
The fact is there are a striking number of similarities between Bitcoin and MLM schemes. They are as follows:
1. the prime beneficiaries of Bitcoin are the ones who got in early. the earlier you get into the system, the more money you earn by doing nothing. That's MLM.
2. the prime beneficiaries of Bitcoin also tend to be its most vocal "evangelists". One man's evangelist is another man's shill. That's MLM.
3. the income goals of a significant proportion of Bitcoin recruits are dependent on the system's ability to recruit bigger and bigger waves of new users to Bitcoin. and what are these new recruits buying into, if not for the dream of seeing still bigger waves of new recruits? there is no product with Bitcoin. the product is the dream of seeing new recruits bolster the investment of older recruits. That's MLM.
This is the elephant in the room.
I have repeatedly stated I have no problem with MLM. I have also stated Wall St types do have a problem with MLM. I have encountered this objection in real life numerous times, and I can't stand that the point has gone unaddressed in Bitcoin.


I have no illusions about what it is that I do.
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:47:25
that's good, and i SUPPORT the shit out of using bitcoin AS that digital ledger network.
BUT, when counterparty and mastercoin and proofofexistence try to use Bitcoin exactly in this way, we have guys like Mike Hearn and Luke-Jr shouting from the rooftops about how that's totally not what bitcoin is about and how could you even THINK to use bitcoin in that way?
it fucking boggles the mind, Spats. bitcoin people never fail to amaze. it's almost like they think hawking Bitcoin as a pure MLM will be enough to keep the price going up forever. lose the delusions of grandeur you fucking assholes!
@_date: 2014-10-16 21:39:37
i tell biz owners bitcoin is for tax evasion and buying drugs online
other than that, bitcoin is glorified MLM with a dose of penny stock
@_date: 2014-08-28 13:56:55
stop conflating cryptocurrencies with ~~appcoins~~ IPOcoins. an appcoin is just a fancy way of saying "we premined the shit out of our coin and sold it to the public" or "we did an IPO", "but it's ok that people sent us money for nothing because it will *clearly* be profitable for the buyers" /s
and counterparty is NOT an IPOcoin, they used a PoW method for distribution instead of gouging the public with an IPO so stop conflating the two. counterparty is a cryptocurrency. everything else you mentioned is an IPO
@_date: 2014-08-18 14:15:48
yes it does point to it being magikarp. he fucking blamed transaction malleability on the loss of 850,000 BTC, literally
it was only when the community called him out on 200,000 coins that he miraculously "discovered" them
gee i wonder if he could miraculously discover a few more of those coins
@_date: 2014-07-10 14:38:52
The scene: Highway 40
The year: 2019
"So we see you purchased 50 BTC from Coinbase on July 10, 2014. You didn't think you'd sail through this checkpoint without declaring all of your assets, did you?"
"I sent them to a friend, i swear I don't have any coins"
"PROVE THAT YOU HAVE ZERO COINS THEN, OR YOU GO TO THE FUCKING GULAG"
this is still a big problem
hate to say it, but the missing aspect is a program that generates plausible Proof of Purchase receipts, so that you can hand them to .GOV when they come to fuck you over
mixing won't save you from actual scrutiny
So called "anonymous coins" have the exact same problem
@_date: 2014-07-20 01:18:53


you can't approach bitcoin like you approach a social media startup
those platforms have no buy in, no up front price to adoption
people don't buy large amounts of Bitcoin unless they believe in its core ideals, which people like you are apparently ready to sacrifice in front of starry eyed audiences
if only anyone could buy bitcoin easily at the corner store, then we would see mass adoption? and let's sacrifice everything good about bitcoin to get there?
coinbase will do better in those circumstances, in that they won't be shut down by regulators
that's a good outcome, for *you*
@_date: 2014-08-10 01:50:26
can onename do an AMA? kinda curious how you are doing business when namecoin has a 0.1 NMC cost per name registration. yet you're offering it for free? does not compute
@_date: 2014-07-29 21:52:00
what is ben lawsky going to do after passing these laws? subpoena Debian Linux and force them to retrofit Bitcoin-QT v0.9.2.1 and down with a special installation step: "Are you a New York resident" or otherwise remove the software from their repos?
this is why the regs are a thinly veiled bitcoin ban. they are making it so that anyone, no matter how small, if they create a piece of bitcoin software anywhere in the world, even an open source local wallet, is criminally liable in the state of new york
@_date: 2014-06-25 05:54:38
This sounds interesting, but I need specifics. Links?