@_author: blastytheblue
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:56:19
Unfortunately, this is a genuine concern. The environment that we live in also happens to be the same one sustaining our lives. If we choose to convert all the available energy into a trustless network, then we won't have an environment to live in anymore.
I've written a reply here with an explanation on why a distributed trustless system cannot also consume a limited amount of energy. I'm open to discussing the topic with you more if you like.
@_date: 2017-12-04 18:45:04
I'm predicting government regulation due to negative side effects of cryptocurrencies.
The hardware maintaining bitcoin uses as much energy as 159 individual countries, and a single transaction consumes as much energy as a US household over a week.
Neither the miners nor the bitcoin traders are bearing the full costs of using the energy to maintain bitcoin, so it's likely that governments will step in to regulate it to reduce its impact.
@_date: 2017-12-04 18:24:44
It doesn't take long to see what can go wrong when attempting to maintain a consensus algorithm... (What does it take for a full consensus to be reached?)
The world's population is finite, and the available energy in the universe is probably also finite. If humanity doesn't learn how to develop trust in each other and instead replace it with the trustless philosophy behind Bitcoin, consensus algorithms may lead to the depletion of available energy..
I'm expecting regulation similar to gambling and nature preservation to have an impact on cryptocurrencies in the near future.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:50:33
Hi, thanks for the reply!
Restricting the amount of energy that can go into cryptocurrencies would be desirable, however it contradicts the philosophy of a distributed trustless system.
In order for there to be restrictions placed on mining, there needs to be a centralized authority enforcing the restrictions, at which point you might as well use a more energy-efficient traditional distributed database system rather than a decentralized network of nodes.
A truly decentralized system requires a never-ending stream of miners in order to maintain its intention of not allowing any individual to gain majority power. Although this helps with distributing wealth and energy more evenly, it also means that the system must consume all the energy available to it for it to work.
So, even if an energy restriction is placed on mining, all of it will be consumed by the system and anyone who doesn't comply with the restrictions will have nothing stopping them from gaining the majority needed to break the system.
A limited-energy system and a distributed trustless system are incompatible.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:27:51
If your neighbours are mining bitcoins and the price of electricity starts to increase, maybe 10%, maybe 20%, maybe more, would you rather see people share cheaper electricity for other uses, or everyone raising energy prices to mine cryptocurrencies?
There isn't a point where there is a final equilibrium quantity of miners, you always need more to sustain the system, by design.
There's a finite amount of energy contained in the earth, and when a system that's designed to consume an unlimited amount of energy is built, then we'll see better ways of extracting it. The energy isn't being created out of nowhere, it's being extracted. What happens once all the rivers have power plants, coal has been depleted, oil has been depleted, and nuclear energy has been depleted?
In order to sustain bitcoin, the cheapest source of energy will be depleted until none is left because there's only a finite amount of energy available.
If this isn't taken into account, then energy prices will rise until we have an energy crisis.