@_author: blear
@_date: 2014-09-27 04:12:21
$100k in student loans later, I am done with school.  They still won't take my bitcoins :P
@_date: 2014-04-09 06:04:50
The question of who has a "right" to prosecute is fuzzy under international law.  Countries who have an interest in prosecuting someone under their laws are generally free to do so, if that person is within their jurisdiction (read: borders).  And of course, they can ask him nicely to come over here, but that's about it.
Japan certainly could prosecute him if 1) they wanted to and 2) he broke a Japanese law in doing whatever he did.  The EU would be in the same boat as the US.  If he broke their law, they could ask him nicely to go over there.
The only other option is extradition, which is (basically) a diplomatic remedy.  If we had 100 Japanese citizens as hostages, we could trade them for Karpeles.
@_date: 2014-04-04 03:28:16
Hmm... now you've taken me out of my depth.  Is it possible for miners to make meaningful changes to the protocol or value of bitcoins, other than by choosing to mine them or not?
@_date: 2014-03-26 07:14:25
Haha, I want in on this bitcoin drama!
So, I have created a new cryptocurrency.  It works like this: People can send me money.  In US dollars.  Checks, paypal, mail me a jar of pennies.  Whatever.
And then, at some point in the future, I will send you things.  The number or amount of the things I send will be directly proportional to how many dollars you sent me.
I can't promise what I'll send exactly, or how fungible these things will be, only that you will be better off using them as money if more people have them.  So get your friends to give me money also!
I almost forgot! you'll be able to trade the things freely for merchandise on several websites.  Don't ask which ones.  And Chinese people will be excited about the things.  Very excited.
@_date: 2014-09-27 04:12:24
Man, I didn't know folks would get huffy if I sincerely questioned the idea of an experimental currency.  I find the idea of a drugtoken to be a far more valuable economic experiment than a replacement dollar or virtual euro or whatever.
Here's a list of things I can't pay for with bitcoin:
My mortgage, groceries, student loans, professional dues, insurance, health care costs, gas, utilities, childcare expenses, or vet bills.
Apparently, though, I can fund paypal with it now, which I think means I can buy stuff on ebay.  And *cough* silkroad *cough*
Although I like u/BTCisgod's business plan.  Do you do web design?
@_date: 2014-04-03 09:30:04
Well, it is sort of how any fiat currency works, if my understanding is right.  You're asking me to believe in the power of a financial authority, be it a government, a private bank, or a bitcoin network of computers, which seems to be the final authority in this case.  Again, if my understanding is correct.  You assume the risk, and you may profit from it by investing in more volatile currencies, but you always assume the risk.
Then again, I see rural land as the best investment I can make in my future, so I may not be the right person for speculative currency markets. ;)
@_date: 2014-04-09 23:06:05
That's very true.  My (very) fuzzy understanding of international law is that Japan can still exercise their sovereign authority to decline to extradite under the treaty, if they want to suffer the diplomatic consequences.  That's what I was trying to say when I suggested it was a diplomatic issue.
@_date: 2014-09-27 04:11:38
I suspect this is what most people think who have only heard of bitcoin through cable news or buzzfeed or wherever people inform themselves these days.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:36:30
Assuming the risk:  If I buy Chinese renminbi or Euros or US government bonds, I am trusting their financial institutions to maintain the value of that currency long enough for me to spend it how I plan.  The difference is that those currencies have values that generally vary by a few percent over months and months.  Bitcoin's value has changed dramatically over a very short amount of time, making it a riskier investment (and therefore potentially much more profitable.)


The bitcoin network determines who possesses how much currency and controls the creation of new currency.  It is a distributed model, but it sure looks to me like it serves an analogous function to something like the federal reserve:  deciding monetary policy and organizing the system that enforces those policies.  What makes it interesting (to me, at least) is that it's a financial system where some parameters are determined by predetermined algorithms rather than some fiscal policy.


Purely my personal notion about what kind of life I want to live.  I'd be happier as a poor man on 100 acres of good land than I would be as a billionaire who couldn't leave Manhattan.