@_author: bleebca98
@_date: 2017-11-11 18:29:09
Many thanks again!
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:58:51
Very true. But to slice it even further, the size of capital the banks and spread of different revenue streams is hundreds of multiples vs the biggest miner. Different size of risk in comparison to their total net revenue.
The banks faults at that time was they were not aware of systemic risks and their exposures esp in cdo, cmo, leveraged debt product which were outside of their revenue/collateral, hence the govt bailouts and bankruptcies.
I dont think there is much leveraging at the miners level but I could be very wrong on this.  Perhaps the lack of systemic risk awareness is also the case with the big miners also.  Hopefully they have had a historcal lesson of the great depression and have some sort of contingency plan...
Fingers crossed!
@_date: 2017-11-07 01:36:17
Would they be so audacious to kill the golden goose? My initial thoughts are they are poking but they wont risk killing it.
Im thinking there is a lot od smoke and mirrors going on now, but at the end of the day it would be business as usual...
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:40:05
Great point on other countries opening their eyes and thanks for your thoughts.
Just to play devils advocate, why hasnt this happened already in the past decade or so during the history of bitcoin? There must be some cometitive advantage the chinese miners have?
Technically you may be right about segwit1 &amp; 2. But do you think that would chance the brand recognition of cryptos to the outside world of investors (esp instl) comining online soon with their only way to access in futures in btc, eventual etfs in btc, gbtc, etc? It does take a long process to register and approve thesr products.  Many instl investment mandates restricts or doesnt allow direct crypto investments.
@_date: 2017-11-11 18:12:29
Thank you very much the link was extremely helpful. So it sounds like the exchange between cryptos (e.g. btc to alt) may be considered a taxable event because the IRS has not taken a stance if this is an in kind exchange.  
May be a huge tax bill to day traders...
If you are a non- incorporated investor, is there a cap on the loss that can be used to offset gains?
Does the wash sale rule apply to property (i.e. cryptocurrencies)?
Thanks again.
@_date: 2017-11-07 01:58:15
Thanks and great persepctives...
There is a saying the bigger they are the harder they fall. Having lived in China before, I know one thing Chinese love is money over everything else, even control.  Unless its pride.  Maybe you could be right on your "maybe" answer but thats some expensive pride!
If they control bitcoin then im sure the demand would drop as people consider it as a risk to be centralized in China given the negative stigma globally about "china control".  Im sure the Chinese miners must know this and have considered the effects, unless as you say they are so self centered and narrow minded. But i would think you must have some business sense and intellect to run such a huge mining operation.
Pumping bcash may be their thing, but at the end of the day if the demand doesnt support it, the price cant hold, i would think. Hence the fear mongering going on to play with the emotional investors on switching.
 Bx1 has the "brand recognition" and the momentum both new investors (which feeds the price increases) and also more importantly with upcoming institutional investors. Futures will begin with the largest market which is bx1.  Crypto requires a learning curve for noobs and people will begin with what they are familiar with most along with the largest market cap.  Hard to compete against that inflow...
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:13:22
I would think the difference is the financial industry had a longer track record and  resulting complacency in market risks. In riskier markets (crypos) behavioral finance shows tendancies to err towards conservative approaches at a holsitic level (outside of some noisy day traders) 
But I agree people can think short term for a quick buck. But the big influential miners must have a lot of capital commitment and its always on the back of their mind when they "influence" the markets even with their closed door deals with other miners in coordinated efforts...
There also can be Taleb's black swan theory!
@_date: 2017-11-11 18:23:35
Much appreciated again and I will definatelt be a reader of your upcoming articles. Very deep and insightful.
 If the IRS considers cryptos as property ( and they have taken that official position), by default that means cryptos are not considered securities, and therefore not subject to the wash sale rules (even though they didnt state an official position on wash sale with cryptos)?
Can property be subject to wash sale rules?
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:22:28
I am not for or against miner control and agree they should be paid well to maintain the ecosystem - incentivizing all ends of the spectrum.
 But if they were to control, how do you reduce the risk of monopoly or ogliopoly of one or a few miners controling the majority of network, when the vested capital is distributed over millions of btc owners?  One bad decision from them could seriously damage the network, and that is a lot of trust from an investors perspective, esp with instl $$.
@_date: 2017-11-07 01:13:25
Good point. But from my novice understanding this isnt an issue after a few blocks, therefore dont trade for 24-48 hrs? 
Im thinking more in terms of miners supporting bx1 vs bx2 after the split longer term. I would think many miners still have bx1 and the eventual bx2 so they would be inclined to support both.   But would be good to get other readers expertise on this.
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:43:39
Maybe China is covertly doing this? They have the motive and the means to squash cryptos...
