@_author: blenderben
@_date: 2014-02-19 22:39:36
Because of this, I have made my first purchase over $200 with bitcoin.  I saved a decent chunk of money and the process (although initially a little shaky and unsure) pulled through completely and successfully.
So far, I am incredibly impressed with the process and smoothness of transaction, thus far.  If Tigerdirect or other places can offer more deals like with through bitcoin, I don't want to use anything else.
I am a very happy bitcoin shopper right now.
@_date: 2014-12-01 05:03:36
You seem like a skilled ebay seller.  Is this your first time getting a charge back for a dispute?
Shit like this has been going on for years now, so much so that Paypal has put in their own rules for 'seller protection'.
If you sell something of value, and they put a dispute in, if you have signature confirmation to the address you sent it to you, you will win ALL your disputes.  Not tracking.  You need signature confirmation.
Paypal says it clearing in their Seller Protection TOS.  Provide signature confirmation and you'll never get fucked.
Been selling on eBay for 8 years, never once ever lost a dispute.
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:57:03
wow this was great!
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:42:09
+1 for using linux buddy ;)
@_date: 2014-03-06 02:45:47


I agree and disagree.  I agree in the example that you gave with competitors and advantages; that they will educate themselves, but just looking through this subreddit and the top upvoted post today is an entire whining-post not about the bitcoin protocol but all the immature services surrounding it.  People have no idea how this technology works and they are blaming the protocol for it.  It is hilarious and completely pathetic at the same time.
People SHOULD know how this works, so when a problem arises they don't act like 12 year olds and go blaming the wrong groups.
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:44:33
edit: awesome. getting downvoted for being honest. if bitcoin fails, it has far more to do with the community, than the protocol itself.
Not putting you down, and while it is valid to have concerns, it would be nice if you did some research and explored the Bitcoin protocol a little more before making posts like these.
I am not saying you are wrong, but some of your concerns do need some clarification.  We don't want to give anyone the wrong idea here.


From the 'user-experience' side I can understand how you feel.  But the two types of transactions are fundamentally different.  When a transaction in Bitcoin (or any other crypto) is verified, the funds actually leave from wallet to wallet.  When you make a payment with an NFC credit card or any type of conventional debit/credit card, the credit card company, just acts as a middle man between you and the merchant.  What they do is that they process a quick verification on your bank/credit card account to see if you have enough available funds (not zero, not negative, not stolen, etc).  They don't actually take the money OUT of your account until several hours to days later.  It only shows up on your account as a temporary 'pending transaction'.  The credit card company acts as an insurance to the merchant that they WILL indeed receive money for the services provided.  It still takes a great deal of time for them to actually get the money OUT of your account and your bank properly debits you.


I don't see how this is worse off than what we have now with fiat banks.  No major banks or credit card companies I know DONT even USE 2FA.  It is all username and password based, and some of these banking websites have very lax rules on password strength.  There is no reason that the same insurances and protections cannot be applied to digital currency.  It just needs to reach that level of popularity and acceptance.


Nothing we can do about this, except do your due diligence and RESEARCH the exchange you are using and who you are trusting your Bitcoin with.  There are always bad apples everywhere, ESPECIALLY in the fiat financial world.  Banking bailouts?  Housing market crash?  I say no more.


Same deal.  Do your due diligence.  I bought from Tigerdirect with BTC.  Best experience I've had thus far.  Research the people you are buying from.  I wouldn't buy from a start up using Paypal or Bitcoin.  Even with Paypal being insured, I am not going through the process of trying to file a complaint.
Your post is mainly focused on problems that surround Bitcoin but NOT Bitcoin itself.  And these problems CAN BE fixed.
@_date: 2018-02-14 18:30:02
The contact us page literally has no email listed. Sounds incredibly fishy.
@_date: 2018-03-06 05:45:08
And Pine is one of the best examples of how to be a GOOD human being.
@_date: 2018-02-02 20:38:35
Thank you OP, so much of what you said I keep trying to tell others and no one listens.
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:48:10
i guess that works.
you could put an image.
I've seen lots of people just put a picture of it? so at least web scrapers cant just pick up your email easily. they'll have to scan and parse the image. 
or JS it, so the email string is built on display.
@_date: 2016-10-31 20:01:57
ah that sounds like a risk
@_date: 2016-10-31 15:20:48
i duno man. this actually sounds like you didnt provide any evidence of purchase. i run a small shop on ebay, and ive showed proof of purchase and ship for all chargebacks and ive won every single one.
every single one. :\