@_author: bleu_nerd
@_date: 2015-02-28 07:14:30
Dude's jelly he didn't come up with the idea/name first.
@_date: 2015-02-28 07:08:13
You make these claims without any sources. I fail to see what privacy problems arise by storing my coins on paper wallets. Less my physical copy is stolen... Please provide a link or explain here what kind of "privacy" problems you are suggesting.
Also, I have learned that the best way to safely secure my coins is to generate a key offline via a website such as the one above, as to minimize any haxxors gaining this vital information and then to store a few copies, one in a waterproof bag, another in my fireproof safe and perhaps one at my mommies house in her safe, in case my house burns down and is then flooded. I know there are other ways, but this does the trick for me. If I ever get to the point where I have 10+ coins I will look into even more secure alternatives, but right now with one coin I am content with storing my coins off of Coinbase  and on to a physical copy only I have access to and know where to find.
@_date: 2015-02-28 08:11:33
Even if you spend all the bitcoins claimed by this private key at once, it is still possible to double-spend them in theft before they confirm. While the known situations for finding the private key from signatures have been fixed, it is not prudent to assume there aren't more such situations yet unknown.
On my mobile and fairly new to Reddit. Not sure if I copied that body of text from the source you provided to have the lines before the paragraph of text as you did in previous comment.
Regardless, it seems one of the privacy issues you see as an inherent flaw with paper wallets has been "fixed" and is nothing more than a red herring you are utilizing to disqualify one mans hard work to better a nubile technology and further your misguided agenda. 
I have faith that any "unknown" security issues will be hashed out in due time by the community as they arise to make this digital currency even more efficient and secure. Motivation being the worldwide adoption and mainstream implementation of this tech once proven to be more safe and secure than fiat currency.
@_date: 2015-02-27 20:11:24
This is mildly infuriating for a newbie, such as myself. When I first became interested, it was your website that I found to not overcomplicate this new technology for a laymen and allowed me to securely store my coins. Hope things are resolved in your favor.
@_date: 2015-02-28 16:04:27
@_date: 2015-02-28 16:29:18
I don't agree with what you are doing, particularly the revision of the wiki page on paper wallets, but thanks for presenting this information concerning address reuse. I still fail to grasp the full concept as through my research I was led to believe that these addresses were created in such a cryptic, lengthy manner to prevent reuse as it would take an almost infinite amount of generations to stumble back across the same keys you or I generate now. Also, if that ever became a problem, could they not just lengthen the keys and create another infinite source of randomly generated keys. Or does reuse refer to the criminal duplicating an already created wallet so they may steal the coins? Again, I fail to see how, without hacking an account or stealing the physical paper wallet, a criminal would generate these keys themselves. And if this is the case we have larger security concerns regarding our online wallets or house alarms and where we choose to place our paper wallet. I keep mine on the mantle in a glass box for everyone to see ;) look at my but coins bitches!
Edit: edit: On mobile, getting ready for work, sorry for syntax and any tangents didn't have chance to reread.
Edit: left butcoins cuz funny
@_date: 2015-02-28 07:13:22
We have a turd in the punchbowl.