@_author: blieden
@_date: 2017-03-31 15:38:20
That would be a great offer, I'd definitely get another one. Thanks for the reply.
@_date: 2017-03-30 18:01:17
Love my Ledger Blue. It's dope. I ordered a nano.
I wonder if there's any chance of patching the battery discharging problem in the Blue via firmware or if it's insurmountable in this model...
@_date: 2017-08-05 09:48:58
I'm experiencing the same thing. BCC transactions that showed up at Bittrex as pending are now gone and the amounts deducted from my wallet. The txid's no longer exist on the BCC blockchain at all, however they are still listed in my Bittrex deposit history. Something is clearly messed up.
@_date: 2017-08-05 19:39:19
The analogy does not hold. Bitcoin isn't a company and we are not fractional owners in a going concern. BCH, if successful, would siphon value from BTC, not add to it. We also don't know and thus far cannot trust the governance of BCH. If BTC holders and exchanges were exposed to technical problems or multiple wipeouts and reorgs, this could damage confidence in BTC, and then all is lost. Remember that BTC is still very much a shared illusion in that it derives it's value from our continued support and belief that it will be there tomorrow.
I just deposited 11 BCH from my Ledger hardware wallet to Bittrex. Within an hour the transaction IDs had disappeared from the blockchain and the deposited coins have disappeared from existence entirely. So be it. As long as it doesn't affect my BTC I'm fine.
Anyone who thinks they are entitled to BCH doesn't grasp that the opposite is true. We are being protected from it.
In light of all that, and for the short term, BCH should be viewed as an attack on BTC. Coinbase was doing it's best by it's customers. Once BCH succeeds, if it succeeds, I will applaud them and will support their network. But they are doing something experimental and reckless, just like BTC in it's infancy, when no one had anything to lose.
But separate from all the the stock analogy does not hold. We are not shareholders. We are, all of us, custodians of this system. Whinging about being owed BCH shows a lack of perspective in my view.
@_date: 2017-08-28 05:57:25
I fell asleep last night trying to write a carefully reasoned treatise which I no longer feel the need to write and which would be a much longer this.
@_date: 2017-11-25 18:04:57
Do you remember what talk that was where he talked about the red flag act? Heard it a long time ago but after a vigorous googling I can't find it again. Feel like I need to re-listen.
@_date: 2017-11-06 20:36:08
I'm a licensed ham and have been wondering about this very thing. Ultimate network coverage would be possible. My questions have always been which frequencies would this works with, i.e. what distances are possible. Also would the data survive repeater hops?
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:39:58
Just listened to the whole thing again. This is going to be the link I send to family and friends when they ask me about bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-29 08:16:54
Dude thanks!
@_date: 2017-07-08 17:48:01
I hold out hope that BTC can retain the spirit that it has now, which is messy, chaotic, resistant to change, something we feel a personal connection to and a sense of responsibility to maintain for our own sake.
Bitcoin touches the same part of me that was obsessed with walkie talkies when I was a kid. All I needed was one friend with a walkie and we were a network. (By the way I encourage everyone to get their ham radio license, it's fun and a great thing to have in case of disaster).
More and more it's clear to me that ETH, with it's velocity of innovation and endless repackaging into financial products, will be a protocol owned and maintained by businesses and institutions. I embrace this.
But BTC has something which is uniquely different, namely is its origins in the cypherpunk search for financial disintermediation. Now that the cat's out of the bag, so to speak, in terms of the speculative value of crypto, I don't forsee any new crypto projects borne of that same purity. Which again is fine. Let ETH, EOS, and whatever comes next serve the global desire for interoperability, synergy, and user-friendly access to crypto. Let Bitcoin remain as the only Pre-Cambrian currency project, and by that I mean the only one to precede that era in crypto's history when life exploded in all forms. 
It's quite possible to me that Bitcoin's creator envisioned several possible futures for it. One of them may have been a currency controlled by few for the benefit of many. Another may have been a currency controlled by many for the benefit of all. But in so many ways Satoshi's original vision is immaterial now. It was handed over to the community without conditions or chargebacks. Like every BTC transaction, that one too is irrevocable, and it has been a property of the commons for the brief period since.
I don't have a grudge against the Fed. I don't resent monetary policy in the abstract. But a peer to peer electronic cash system which lies beyond their ability to regulate is a global good, if we can keep it.
-KK6JBF