@_author: bliljerk101
@_date: 2015-05-24 21:06:02
I did not break the rules. See my revision for yourself. I cited the source of what I wrote. That is how Wikipedia works and why the incentives are all wrong. You cannot make any opinion that was not previously published. Ironically, most published content is wrong.
I have fought with the admins about this many times, because I constantly find inaccuracies. This is just the way Wikipedia works.
@_date: 2015-05-24 22:56:10
ATTN: I have reviewed thoroughly and chosen to revert the revision of my Black Friday edit. I stand by it as accurate. I have provided an additional two references. One of which shows that any transaction on the Bitcoin network is technically spending, as Bitcoin transactions at the lowest level require UTXO's which stands for Un-"spent" Transaction Outputs.
Please see all three references. I ask that if anyone else is in dispute, they please begin a talk about it first.
@_date: 2015-05-22 21:30:48
I was the one who edited this statement about Bitcoin spending into Wikipedia last year. It seems that since you made a scene over it, it was just now reversed by some of the other wiki editors. :( I wanted to get Bitcoin noticed by the general public.
In the future, maybe not make a big scene over every little thing. The wikipedia editors constantly reverse what I write once it gets attention. The incentives in wikipedia editing are all wrong.
@_date: 2015-05-24 21:46:45
I am a wikipedia editor. I'm well aware of the rules and I did not break any.
See my other comments.
@_date: 2015-05-24 21:23:39
I did not lie, nor did I break the rules. Moreover, I did not deny lying in my post simply because that's irrelevant when talking about Wikipedia content. As per the rules, you cannot make your own statements and have to cite published references for anything written (which I did). So although what you were reading was my edit to the wikipedia page, it was not a statement of my own.
See my revision for yourself. The revision history is available.
This is why I said the incentives are all wrong. You cannot make any factual statement that was not previously published. The irony in that is that most published content is in some way or another factually inaccurate, so that's what you have to work with.
I have fought with the admins about this many times, because I constantly find inaccuracies in Wikipedia content and I am literally unable to revise it without citing an accurate published source that states the exact same thing (verbatim). In many instances (at least the content I tend to edit), there are no published sources. Even providing mathematical proofs (which I've done several times) are not enough to change the Wikipedia editing policies. This is just the way Wikipedia works and it's all wrong.
Frankly, you should not trust anything you read on Wikipedia.
@_date: 2015-05-26 19:40:13
This is game-able. Results should not be trusted.
@_date: 2015-03-03 22:40:19
This eliminates the pseudonymous nature of Bitcoin. Circle also reports to finCEN, so now, not only can they report your transaction information, they can also report your location during specified dates/times. IIRC, finCEN requires by law every bit of information you can provide about someone. This is worst privacy invasion than Apple Pay.