@_author: blind3rdeye
@_date: 2013-08-02 06:36:01
Morality and equality is part of what I was talking about. But that's not the only problem with deflation. I don't think this is only about who should get what share of the economy. In particular, it seems likely to me that deflation would lead to less investment, which would lead to slower economic growth (which may in turn reduce the amount of deflation).
There would be less investment because one wouldn't need to invest in order to increase their wealth. The speaker acknowledged this in part by saying that anyone relying on debt would be worse off. This would lead to slower economic growth because all of the people who required investment/debt will no longer be able to contribute whatever it was that they were going to contribute with that money.
The main reason that motivated me to mention that young people tend to need loans and that deflation could cause greater inequality is that I didn't like that the speaker was implying that people with needed debt were bad people. But again, that's not the only thing at stake. The net wealth of the entire economy would surely grow faster if investment is encouraged - because investment leads to productive participation and that's what grows the economy.
@_date: 2013-08-02 05:02:43
I found this talk to actually be a bit disappointing. He spent a lot of time talking about the very basic concepts about static economies, but then he rushed through the more complex parts and essentially just glossed over any potential problems by saying that it's just the 'bad guys' who benefit from inflation.
It seem to me that the obvious problem with deflation is that it discourages investment, because any person with money doesn't have to do anything at all in order to increase their purchasing power in the future.
He did touch on this problem by saying that people and organizations which rely on debt would be worse-off with deflation (ie. people who need external investment would find it more difficult to money), but he then brushed it under the carpet by saying that those groups are just governments and people that we don't like anyway. I think that's a ham-fisted answer which completely ignore the most obvious group of people who rely on debt: young people. Any young person who doesn't receive some significant inheritance from their parents will obviously not have money to fund their entrepreneurial business with equity. They'll need debt.
It may be true that inflation favors people who rely on debt; but it's certainly true that deflation favors people who already have money. If the money supply is constant (such as with bitcoin) while the economy is growing, then the purchasing power money will grow by roughly the same proportion as the economy grows. So while people with very little money work hard to earn their living, their hard work will be growing the economy and thus have the effect of making rich people get richer. The rich people wouldn't have to do anything at all. Simply sitting on their money will make them richer as long as someone else is doing the work to grow the economy.
So those are my concerns about deflation. It seems clear to me that either deflation would cause the economy to shrink (because the flow of money freezes as no one wants to invest), or that if the economy does grow it will widen the gap between the rich and the poor. I was disappointed that these (pretty obvious) concerns weren't properly addressed in the talk.