@_author: blisk
@_date: 2013-09-19 01:02:26
I mean the assumption is being made there that just because they're not a large estate, that they're not unfairly treating their workers. Is there a way in which you could provide transparency for compensation for the the farm-workers on the farm, and not just the farmer who owns the farm? If you can't now, it seems you're a new upstart, I understand that. But maybe maybe making that a longer term goal and being transparent about your longer term aspirations as well would be good. 
Eventually you might be able to have enough buying pressure (plus the extra price premium that you offer) to be able to only compensate those farms that are worker owned farms (or provide an extra premium to farms which are worker owned)... or again the same thing but to farms that provide some sort of profit sharing to their workers, etc. I think those would be noble goals. 
I'm already very tempted to use your site, however if you had that larger end goal, were clear about it, offered some sort of independent 3rd party check on this as well ... I'd not only tell everyone I know about you, I'd tell everyone I met about it and it would be the only thing I'd bring up in conversations. I'd being a walking active advertisement for an entity that had those goals... which I hope somehow can be partially your company. 60% going to farmers directly is impressive though.. 
This site has enormous potential. I hope you're not using it just to enrich yourselves and those farmers through being able to cut out the Japanese government.
Either way I will definitely give it a try. Seems like a well executed business model. I also hope soon you decide to carry matcha.
@_date: 2013-12-08 02:21:38
Lol... That got me to thinking about how much bullshit this post was more than anything.
@_date: 2013-09-18 14:48:59
Is there any proof that the farmers are getting what you're claiming? Maybe I don't understand the "fair trade" certification, but why aren't you fair trade certified (unless I'm missing that on the website)?