@_author: blockmains
@_date: 2018-09-03 08:43:05
They have faked screenshots twice on the same day. And they are circle jerking about how BCH has the most no of txn yesterday, when it was clearly a stress test/manipulated stat and does not come close to reflecting the real volume of txns. 
Desperation reaches an all time low. 
@_date: 2018-09-01 05:03:43
Heh, well done. Steps to get attention to your content on social media: 1. Create low quality post about "blockchain". 2. Post it on r/Bitcoin 3. Complain "censorship". Never gets old does it? 
See the rules of the sub on the sidebar - "News articles that do not contain the word "Bitcoin" are usually off-topic. This subreddit is not about general financial news" ; "Submissions that are mostly about some other cryptocurrency belong elsewhere. For example, is a good place to discuss all cryptocurrencies.". 
This isn't a general sub to share every post remotely related with cryptocurrencies. People on this sub do not know what blockchain is? No, they all do. This is the first cryptocurrency related sub in existence and over 900k people who have been using Bitcoin way before all the other shitcoins popped up and diluted the market. The sub would be diluted with garbage quality post if everyone was permitted to freely post all day long their videos about blockchain and cryptocurrency and whatnot here, infact thats how it was couple of years ago when people on the sub voted for more moderation, so only actual bitcoin related content stays here while all that jazz about blockchain technology and other altcoins goes to their respective subs where they actually belong. 
@_date: 2018-09-03 05:05:37
Wow did they fake a ban just to play the victim card? 
This is next level 3D chess. 
In any case the CC team would have noticed them ramping up the marketing these past weeks along with the uncertainty of the future of the coin (forks et al) to create artificial price action and unload some of the bags held by the higher ups in the bcash hierarchy to new comers who fall for these games 
@_date: 2018-09-02 19:57:46
Op: r/btc/comments/9cehj1/banned_from_rcc_for_talking_about_the_bitcoin_bch/
@_date: 2018-09-02 21:56:34
You dont even need to hate it, its just a pointless coin. They are clutching at straws with the stress test, if that kind of stress hits their network on a normal day most of the nodes will go offline. And any more than that block size increase, and you will have a cluster of servers running as node, completely throwing decentralisation off the map. I am not sure it is even decentralised now, someone outed that most of those nodes are on alibaba servers.
Then there is all sorts of distribution issues, ffs one guy owns 1+ mio of the coins, around 80 address own something like &gt; 50% of it. You have to be super silly to fall for these tricks, but they prey of newcomers into the markets and profit off them shilling them their bags.
I visit r/cryptocurrency often and there is always some kinda fake and misleading information being shilled on behalf of BCash, for example right now they are bandwagoning their stress test post and claiming 0-Conf is safe, BCash is decentralised and just downvoting anyone who argues otherwise. Fine example of manipulating newbies
@_date: 2018-09-03 08:39:55
Its not really about having a safe space. Its more about protecting people from whats patently false and illegal. There is rampant misinformation from the bcash team, they have faked 2 separate screenshots of mods of 2 different subs today in an attempt to garner attention. 
One which you clarified was fake, another one here which the OP himself made a mistake of leaving the photoshopped image up for too long 
Now the same people are telling others on r/crypocurrency that bcash is the real bitcoin, 0conf is safe etc when they are visibly indulging in scammy practices that got outed twice in the same day. 
You decide what is right or wrong, just know that people bought this last year at 0.4 BTC when a similar tactic was adopted to cause diversion on social media using b2x scam, pump the price and then dump on unsuspecting people. Now there is a new fork being discussed, the same tactics are being followed, a new generation of bagholders will be formed. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 06:58:20
Agreed that bitcoin isnt widely adopted, but that doesnt mean all the value being transacted on it is completely speculative. 
Its absolutely false to claim 1.3 trillion USD being transacted is all speculation. 


Equally false, most traders keep their coins on exchanges for a long time. Especially insured exchanges like CB and BitMEX, they have an amazing security record. Look at the size of their wallets - majority of the big trades are internal transactions and are not recorded on the ledger i.e. do not form a part of this 1.3 Trillion annual volume. 


Equally false. You are trying to impose your understanding of adoption, whereas what constitutes actual adoption is entirely different from your understanding of it. 
Like I said, people buying need not be the only criteria to judge adoption. People who *need* bitcoin, buy it. You should not expect a 21 year old working in his first job will have a need to send millions to his business partners world wide. Bitcoin is not just limited to coffee money. 
You have this false ideology that BTC will replace fiat, well thats not the only use case - transfer of value over the most secure network in the world - that is what brings actual value to the underlying network. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 07:24:58


Tell me how the price isnt rising, when looking at the price from a year ago? 
Market cycles and price fluctuation have little to do with actual use as transfer of value. 
But yeah OK, lets blame the price rise on tether fraud, lets blame the price crash on lack of use. Much hypocritical? 


The demand isnt there maybe in trading, because of a host of reasons such as there are now ways to paper trade bitcoin in several countries (futures, etfs), more restrictions and regulatioin in several countries. 
"price high equals more adoption." - entirely false. 
High price equals there are more people willing to buy from you at a higher price. Nothing less, nothing more. 
If high price equals adoption - then fuel should be $10k / gallon now as its demand has only gone up every year 


Lots of ranting, little of substance in these statements. 
Scaling has nothing do do with security. "security is compromised" - do you even know what security means? 
You can send a million dollar from the USA to any country for less than 5c in 10 minutes. 
Come back when you find a more decentralised, secure and robust system where you  can do this for a cheaper fee. 
Stay out till then. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 06:49:54
Shops and merchants arent the only purpose BTC was created for, not is it the real use case today. Sending money, real wealth, millions of $ from one country to another in a matter of minutes, while bypassing middle men like banks and governments, making economic restrictions non existent - this is where bitcoin is excelling. 


Bitcoin is wealth. Anyone who thinks shops and merchants are the only statistic that signify adoption is clearly not looking at the bigger picture here. 
Lets agree that there is "shop and public use" for USD. Thus, there is constant demand for it, whereas inflation is pegged. But the price is not much higher, infact USD loses its value i.e buying power every year. 
Decentralised transfer of value, transfer of wealth... not just coffee currency 
@_date: 2018-07-29 22:25:22
No doubt. The whole bcash community keeps regurgitating the same nonsense that was decided a year back, right during the fork (which they wanted). Bcash has lower txn/day than Dogecoin, its slower than dogecoin, and frankly should not be any higher than Dogecoin in terms of marketcap. 
The fact that it still has a value is thanks to the scammy nature of Bcashers and their ability to spread lies to new comers to crypto. 
@_date: 2018-07-29 22:22:37
Are these on pacer? Links?