@_author: blockinvadersio
@_date: 2019-12-25 13:26:27
Yes and it will cost every utxo. Still plan on having tx fees worth hundreds of dollars? Enjoy txs costing tens of thousands just to onboard people
Edit: No altcoin discussion please
@_date: 2019-12-25 12:01:28
Altcoin discussion not allowed.
So because nothing else seems good enough to work, you are okay with the sinking ship of LN?
Fun fact,  a block size limit wasnt originally in the bitcoin code, and when Satoshi put it in there, he very clearly instructed others to phase it out later.
This limit is just a hindrance on usage. There is a maximum allowable amount of usage with a limit like this. And before you ask, "Why did satoshi put this in the code then", he did it because although the economics of bitcoin should be able to protect itself, it was too young of a project for the economics of it to be naturally stronger than existing opposition. Therefore, too much usage and the hardware on the network wouldn't be able to process it.
Also, bitcoin is already being mined in data centers. No person can profitably mine bitcoin in the comfort of their own home anymore.  Raising block size literally wouldn't hurt anything at all. The "centralization" of POW had a natural course to take no matter what. 
Oh yeah, you think nonmining nodes matter, don't you? Even though they neither protect the network nor are the ones processing it for everyone else to use? Guess what, they don't.  They represent your share of the network,but they don't control the direction of what the network takes.
The people writing the code for every single node on the network though,  what they do definitely matters.
@_date: 2019-12-25 12:03:28
Altcoin discussion not allowed.
Ignoring scaling issues is a niche we could never take from Blockstream Core. Sorry buddy, but you guys win the cake on that one.
@_date: 2019-12-25 12:05:54
Wow. So now i have to open MULTIPLE channels? And i might even have to make MULTIPLE transactions just to make a purchase?
How about this. 
Do you have any idea how long it would take to onboard the entire world to the lightning network? Ever crunched the numbers?