@_author: blockzombie
@_date: 2014-08-24 02:13:07
I don't understand how the pool operator profits from this strategy - what nefarious manipulation returns them more than $18k per day today? Why aren't they already doing it?
@_date: 2014-11-11 03:40:13
Typical premined bullshit
@_date: 2014-08-23 07:43:58
Your analysis is in two parts. First, the mining profitability and its affect on mining operators, and second, the incentives to centralise mining into pools. 
Your logic on mining profitability is correct except it's an incomplete picture. As mining becomes unprofitable we can expect reduced investment in mining. This is currently offset by growth hysteria, and massive advances in machine efficiency that we may assume will taper off as the whole industry becomes commodified. The expectation of future prices driven by novelty and the discontinuous leaps in user adoption we've seen in the past four years will probably taper off too. As block reward *revenue* declines as a proportion of total revenue, all else being equal we will see a declining incentive to mine. 
The part that's missing from your analysis is that all else will not be equal. Transactions are already preferred by higher transaction fees. If the number of miners is too low or the transaction demand is higher than supply, transaction prices will go up and so will mining profitability. The two forces should balance and keep mining profitability at an equilibrium based on the costs to provide the service and the opportunity operators have to use those same "mining skills" doing something else, like running application data centres for BTC instead.
Some have said this equilibrium point, partly due to the expected transaction throughput in Bitcoin, will put the transaction fees too high to use Bitcoin for microtransactions and that it may become a kind of crypto Swift network - preferred mostly for high value transactions.
As you know the incentives of mining centralisation are not just the reduction of variance through trickle proportional payouts, but crucially, the reduction in orphan rates. While this is a small incentive it still should be addressed.
The solution I mentioned to solve mining centralisation was published by Ittay Eyal and Emin Gün Sirer in June 2014 called [Two Phase Proof of Work]( The purpose of this non-backwards compatible change is to balance the need of the miners to trust the pool operator with a counterparty risk! In their paper they describe how a second phase of mining is introduced which makes the mining pool operator need to trust the pool members for receipt of all mining rewards. The trust level disincentivises larger pools and the exact coefficients used can be dialed in response to need.
@_date: 2014-11-23 05:47:19
This stuff was already in undergraduate textbooks in the mid 90s when that summary research was written. Look at the reference section, David Chaum's work is cited from up to 8 years earlier. This is not evidence of the authors' leadership or activity in the space, merely of their awareness of the activities of others in the cypherpunk movement.
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:55:32
Russians will try to get USD, but since they can't be transmitted over the internet dollars won't always be available. Bitcoin will be.
@_date: 2014-08-23 08:00:44
The cost of a 51% attack is often estimated based on the need to acquire the entire current hashrate. Others have said that attacks are on a continuum of probability which do not make it infeasible to perform for a sufficiently lucky operator with a percentage like 30%.
It's clear to me that it is going to be incredibly difficult to manufacture or acquire any amount of mining machine capacity near the current network hash rate. Even running a fresh manufacturing run would soak up available resources currently competed for by an increasing number of manufacturers. But let's leave that aside.
If there is a pool operator, he or she can be coerced or forced at gunpoint to act against everyone's interests. If that pool operator has significant hash power, it will make a double spend attack feasible, even if it requires movie plot logic to construct a motive.
What would actually happen next is almost certain to be an instant detection (double spend attempts are closely monitored by many companies as a zero-confirmation transaction confidence measure). The detection could make the double spend attempt almost non-profitable as the victim could publish a transaction which likewise attempts to spend the amount received 100% to transaction fees - the maximum incentive for alternate miners to prefer this fork.
The next thing to happen is that 80%+ of the miners in the evil pool will leave the pool for some other pool. Maybe 100% will - such failover logic can be added to the software today as insurance against such attacks on the miner's revenue. 
The Bitcoin price could well tumble here so if I had a trading bot I would be taking short positions triggered by double spend detection. I could even hedge this against my mining operation as income protection insurance.
So mining profits probably don't need to be diminishing to create the possibility of a "terrorist" 51% attack. It is a problem but we can fix this problem at many levels simultaneously.
@_date: 2015-04-20 02:23:56
Wise to check it out!
I interviewed Leon-Gerard Vandenberg about this so I can give you my assurance that it looks legit to me (for what it's worth). I'm not currently affiliated with them in any way - I just thought the tech was cool and worth a video.
Leon-Gerard has been developing lots of related fintech over decades. He played a significant role in the US Navy Cash system project which used a smart card to replace cash on warships. Apparently the removal of coins was a significant tonnage saving! 
@_date: 2016-05-06 06:19:46
well put!
@_date: 2016-05-06 06:10:51


The bitcoin community has no top ;)
@_date: 2016-05-06 06:18:52
@_date: 2016-05-06 06:24:25
If CSW is Satoshi, then he must know that failing to prove it will result in this outcome. Thus CSW's charade is ongoing. If CSW is not Satoshi, the charade is ongoing. 
Therefore, we accumulate yet more evidence that CSW is misrepresenting the truth and we are only speculating about his motivation.
@_date: 2016-05-06 06:14:21
certain early blocks are more likely than other early blocks to have been mined by satoshi. Block 0 is pretty solid, block 9, according to Hal Finney. There is reason to believe other early blocks were mined on other machines - they could be machines Satoshi controlled... or not.
@_date: 2016-05-06 06:17:59
He may only need to make things slow enough and ultimately vague enough in court?