@_author: blockchainnoob
@_date: 2015-06-08 16:05:21
Hi, CoinKite! 
Thanks for the quick post on here! I've used your service off and on when Blockchain had outages over the past year.
1. Whenever private keys are required to be sweeped, the account needs to be upgraded from standard (free) to Personal package. As said on your plan page- "Unlimited Private Key Import". So a multi-sig account wallet would need to be created to sweep? I wasn't aware of that and I'll try it next time, it wasn't clear on your website that it was an available feature. As of now, if a user opens receive -&gt; private key import -&gt; and tries to import, it'll ask them to upgrade their account before doing so. 
2. The only issue with the 4 confirmation system is the amount of delays with the network itself. Especially if one is trying to make a quick payment. I understand the security involved with that, and the zero-confirmation to receive funds is a nice feature, it just slows down the process quite a bit but there's nothing you can do to change that and I respect that decision from a security standpoint.
3. "Please wait a moment, and try that again" followed by endless spinning of icons is the usual error I get when using your site on Tor. I've tried switching circuits and refreshing identities multiple times but it doesn't seem to be a connection problem.
I think your site works wonderfully on clear-net, but sometimes I would need to sweep a private address 4 times, just to get it to clear once on Tor. It can be a bit frustrating and time consuming.
@_date: 2015-06-08 16:57:15
What would you propose that the developers do? 
@_date: 2015-06-08 21:42:41
Thanks! I might just hire someone externally to set up multiple nodes. What is the difference between a supernode and a regular one? I want to contribute as much as possible and help speed things along.
@_date: 2015-06-08 17:56:55
Should we have any other candidates to replace them? If we can get a well-informed list together I'll back it and donate to it. For now we can just put our nodes on XT and encourage other to do so as well.
@_date: 2015-06-08 15:46:45
I laughed at "Shatoshi", what in the hell did I just read?
@_date: 2015-06-14 13:42:42
Damn Kryptos, that sucks. I'm staying the fuck away from BTC-E, I never liked it in the first place. There's plenty of better alternatives for buying/selling/moving BTC. :/
@_date: 2015-06-20 16:34:21
What's the benefits of using joinmarket in comparison to chaining 2-3 low cost mixers? 
Edit: After a brief review, the following is a little concerning: "This is quite new software which has not undergone much review. There is no guarantee that unknown bugs wont ruin your privacy in the future. Use with careful research and understanding." It also seems that there is no web client, which is understandable, however for someone who switches computers frequently it might seem like a bit of a hassle to install Python each time. Looks interesting!
@_date: 2015-06-08 21:43:22
Thank you for the informative post! Helped expand my understanding on the current situation greatly.
@_date: 2015-06-08 16:33:35
I'm a little bit confused by the wording of your question, but I'll bite.
Are you speaking about anonymity within the blockchain? If so, it is not tough and requires a bit of diligence but it is manageable. Here are some general tips:
- Tumble by exchanging bitcoin with different crypto-currencies through services like shapeshift.io/Multiple tumblers in conjunction. Despite what others say, bitcoin is fully capable of being untraceable. If not, we would have all caught the hacker responsible for the Bitstamp hack.
- Never use the same wallet more than once, this is for security reasons and why would you keep all your transaction information in one spot? 
- Use the tor network in conjunction with blockchain. Or use a VPN if on clearnet. Your real IP should never hit the Blockchain, that is the easiest way for companies to build a history profile.
- Vary your accounts, use different services and paper wallets above all to hold bitcoin you aren't using. 
I've been a part of bitcoin for the past 3 years, none of my transactions are linked to one another. To the Blockchain, all my wallets are seen as separate entities. Yet I have a record of all my transactions encrypted on an offline storage if I need to pull up certain information. Do not rely on one service, constantly read and empower yourself with the latest information. Bitcoin is a platform meant to empower individuals and that's just what it has done for me.
I only have one question for this subreddit and thread, and it is one of taint. Since bitcoins are constantly being mixed, how many hops/mixes does it take for the money to be "untainted" or unrelated? For the US dollar it is easy, as soon as you exchange a bill that money is clean. However, with bitcoin, if you are receiving bitcoins from someone who got them through nefarious means, you are the one being implicated. 
Services like Coinbase trace this to an extent to stop gamblers from unloading money off. So the question is-in respects to coinbase and other bitcoin auditing services-How many jumps/money to be mixed with until a transaction is gone from hot to clean?
@_date: 2015-06-08 17:51:01
Correct! I still use many multiple wallets however. 
@_date: 2015-06-08 16:18:05
Thanks! Private sweeping should be free as it's the same as just sending money from one address to another. I'll send an e-mail over to support with technical specifics to see if we can work things out so other Tor users don't have the same problem.
*There probably should be a feature for just a one-time sweep, instead of the continuous sweep that I can see why CK charges for.
@_date: 2015-06-08 21:41:48
Unless you can provide another intermediary solution, this is the best platform for me to contribute to bitcoin. More nodes are better than none, and bigger blocks -from my understanding- will help until a new solution is available. As bitcoin is right now it is beginning to cripple itself. 40 minutes for 4 confirmations is far too long.