@_author: blockchain_bridge
@_date: 2017-07-31 02:16:47
@_date: 2017-07-30 19:42:11
Hey thanks for the reply. I do participate and actively try to get others involved, including local small businesses. 
I have found that there is a stigma associated with bitcoin because of it's use on the darknet markets which is really hard to overcome. I've had interested people say that it feels "naughty" no joke.
This is why I want to talk about the underlying technology and show people that bitcoin is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to what blockchain can do.
I'm going to keep talking about it and sending articles and podcasts and videos to people who I think would be interested.
@_date: 2017-07-31 02:05:33
Great reply. Thank you.
No I have not read Human Action, it is now reserved from my library.
You spoke to the core of my interests with 




These are the reasons I'm interested. Literally everything you mentioned.
The problem is that the most knowledgeable people in the community seem to be caught up in  political struggle within bitcoin?? They are so tangled up in a political mess that they are unable to communicate the greater functions/purpose of blockchain to people who just want to know what it can do. 
Cutting off the nose to spite the face.
I'm not about that. 
@_date: 2017-07-31 02:15:48
That may be true, I may be idealistic about this part, but...
My point remains that with the radical openness that blockchain allows for, transactions are all out there for everyone to see. Check out the article with the IBM director in the OP. Blockchain allows for transparency. That is the most important thing to diminishing the effectiveness of bribery  
@_date: 2017-07-30 19:57:15
I agree. Unfortunately a lot of people are stuck in their old habits and worldviews. "You need a lawyer for a contract, or an accountant for an audit" and so on... 
We can change these practices with radical openness in blockchain. Right now that idea makes people nervous. I want to change that.
@_date: 2017-07-30 19:53:53
Thanks for bringing that up. First off, I am not a Marxist. I am someone who thinks about technology's implications for society.
The cool thing about an blockchain as a p2p technology is that it belongs to everyone, not just the libertarians who claim it as their crown jewel.
I think that the application of blockchain technology is going to be useful way past what it currently is as a currency. I want others to be able to get involved with blockchain. For example blockchain will able to cut down bloated bureaucracy in the public and private sectors.
No more greased palms is something I think a lot of people can get behind.