@_author: blockcoinau
@_date: 2019-06-20 04:54:10
There aren't that many people logged in here because BTC is still stuck below $US9500. Once I breaks 10K, all bets are off.
However, the main trouble right now is the media hyping LIBRA, comparing it to Bitcoin when really, there is no comparison. Libra is a "coin" coined by the usual big monopoly companies out there. FB, VISA, MB, PAYPAL, UBER. All fearing blockchain technology as it undermines their very busy model to the core. No wonder they want to come up with something they can control. In a way LIBRA has brought Bitcoin back into the spotlight but the media will do what they always do and attack Bitcoin in favour of LIBRA. People really need to wake up to the real reasons LIBRA was created. But that will take more time than it takes BTC to hit 20K :)
BTC is only starting now. The moon may not be high enough...
@_date: 2017-09-17 08:23:26
Well, at least we now know exactly why he trashed talked Bitcoin: 
People like Dimon usually don't deserve being noticed given their track record and since he tends to just continue his arrogant stance towards crypto currencies it would seem fitting to point out a book called "Fools Gold" and a certain section that points to the source of the 2008 crisis...
JP Morgan developed many of the financial products like credit derivative, which almost brought down the financial system in 2008. How the Bold Dream of a Small Tribe at J.P. Morgan was Corrupted by Wall Street Greed and Unleashed a Financial Catastrophe. A JP Morgan executive stated, that the idea of creating markets for credit derivatives was first developed at a 1994 company retreat in Boca Raton (Florida):
“It was in Boca where we started talking seriously about credit derivatives. That was where the idea really took off, where we really had a vision of how big it could be.”
Source: 
The list just goes on. But people like Dimon prefer to trash talk anything that offers an alternative and therefore presents a threat to the current system. It's understandable. It's just sad that Dimon has never really provided an argument to support his stance. He instead prefers to just keep throwing drug money and criminal activity into the ring. Somehow he seems to conveniently forget the number one currency that rules the criminal underworld and has been responsible for a mountain of dead bodies over its lifetime.
We must accept that Dimon has little choice. He's facing the biggest revolution the financial sector has ever seen. Add to that the possibility that his daughter may one day have to bail him out because she truly was a genius while her dad continued to play the ignorant, arrogant banker.
The odds are very much against Dimon. Every few years he appears more frightened and you can tell a man's level of desperation by the choice of his words.
Give it a few more months before the bankers guide us thoughtfully through the next financial crisis. Only this time people will seek rescue in Bitcoin as it quickly becomes the currency of choice for those poor souls who see the value of their currency dwindle each day. At least on this point we can agree with Dimon.
Whether people who stand to lose the lot may seek refuge and find help at JP Morgan or prefer to put their remaining money into something nobody can touch remains to be seen. I wouldn't want to short Bitcoin either. Not even at $20'000. The same thing cannot bee said for JP Morgan shares. Lucky for us, the moment of truth is fast approaching.
@_date: 2017-10-13 04:12:39
Can somebody enlighten me about the 2X fork. Are people just buying bitcoin to get another coin for free after the fork and is there really going to be a fork after all?
@_date: 2017-10-13 04:19:21
Well, yes but is there really going to be a fork at all or is this still rather uncertain? 