@_author: blocktrailer
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:04:00
You are welcome, I felt the same when I read it, especially today out of all days. Hope you guys enjoy it. 
It is tempting to sell when the price goes up, and if the time is right for your pockets then go for it. 
Over the last couple of years I barely spent any BTC and days like this make me feel I made the right choice. 
@_date: 2015-04-02 02:25:43
JUST PASTING MY COMMENT HERE SO IT'S VISIBLE.
Sorry to step in but this sounds a little offensive to me. I'm not involved with Koinify in any way but I did use their platform and they are simply a place where projects can raise funds, the best I've seen so far.
Regarding CoinDesk, they have been in the business for a long time now, their coverage is great and they talk about loads of projects and bitcoin related topics. Same as CoinTelegraph and Bitcoin Magazine, again the oldest ones and bigger Bitcoin Media outlets. Brave New Coin is coming out pretty well as well as Bitcoinist and NewsBTC. They have all covered the same projects you mentioned so I don't know what your issue is there.
I also heard about Factom and quite a lot, have to say, the team seems to be well engaged with their community, and very open to discussion too. They are not one of this anonymity seeking projects where you don't even know who the developers are. They have a good idea and people seem to like them. Again what is the issue there I can't figure it out from the reasons you have given. Software Sale makes perfect sense. They are not selling a share in the company or offering dividends, but tokens that give you access to their software as many other projects in Bitcoin 2.0 do. Have you heard about Ethereum? Same thing there.
About the scams you mentioned, is it CoinDesk's fault if they turned out to be scams? Have they been talked about only by CoinDesk? You seem to have very focused complaints here. I wouldn't trust anything you say, especially for using the language you used below. Pathetic!
@_date: 2015-04-02 02:13:28
Sorry to step in but this sounds a little offensive to me. I'm not involved with Koinify in any way but I did use their platform and they are simply a place where projects can raise funds, the best I've seen so far. 
Regarding CoinDesk, they have been in the business for a long time now, their coverage is great and they talk about loads of projects and bitcoin related topics. Same as CoinTelegraph and Bitcoin Magazine, again the oldest ones and bigger Bitcoin Media outlets. Brave New Coin is coming out pretty well as well as Bitcoinist and NewsBTC. They have all covered the same projects you mentioned so I don't know what your issue is there. 
I also heard about Factom and quite a lot, have to say, the team seems to be well engaged with their community, and very open to discussion too. They are not one of this anonymity seeking projects where you don't even know who the developers are. They have a good idea and people seem to like them. Again what is the issue there I can't figure it out from the reasons you have given. Software Sale makes perfect sense. They are not selling a share in the company or offering dividends, but tokens that give you access to their software as many other projects in Bitcoin 2.0 do. Have you heard about Ethereum? Same thing there. 
About the scams you mentioned, is it CoinDesk's fault if they turned out to be scams? Have they been talked about only by CoinDesk? You seem to have very focused complaints here. I wouldn't trust anything you say, especially for using the language you used above. Pathetic!
@_date: 2015-04-02 14:29:09
It's real! ;)