@_author: blockfinance
@_date: 2015-12-25 01:33:57
Try for an education.  Try Stuff and you would know
@_date: 2016-01-05 23:50:14
My account has been open for 9 months.  ID is needed to prevent AML and fraud.  As for what you think constitutes promotion is a subject of conjecture, particularly considering you immediate slam of anything you're too tired to investigate.  My company provides a valuable service and our customers are statisfied.  
@_date: 2016-01-05 10:55:46
Mr Coin does not accept credit cards, only wire transfers.  Why the panic?
@_date: 2016-01-08 03:44:43
@_date: 2015-09-19 23:18:08
KYC is required on a SMS card.  All SMS messages are recorded by the Government.
Yes it is a hosted wallet just like local so I have yet to solve the mt gox risk, happy to add a HSM (a secure box with keys)
@_date: 2015-09-19 23:02:48
Roger Ver No details?!
Like · Reply · Yesterday at 3:07am
Randy Rowe · Friends with Roger Ver
It links to nothing
Like · Reply · Yesterday at 3:26am
Jeremias Kangas · Friends with Roger Ver
To my knowledge we haven't done such a thing. We list lots of bitcoin atms. Might be a bug with some automatic spam detection or some other bug.
Like · Reply · Yesterday at 4:00am · Edited
Steve Rowlison Local bitcoins removed post. Standby ill repost
Like · Reply · Yesterday at 8:23am
Steve Rowlison Local Bitcoins allows for the publication of ads for Bitcoin ATM's including ATM's that are under the category of Other / I don't know. SMSBITCOIN has been refused by localbitcoins to post their ads for their system on the localbitcoins site without any explanation. SMSBITCOIN offers a data feed over the GSM mobile network to any person or Internet of Things including mobiles and ATM devices and Drones. localbitcoins were unavailable for comment.  may be down! - 
Unfortunately we cannot allow ads for your service on our platform.
Best regards,
LocalBitcoins 
Hi Max,
The purchase of Bitcoins via an online method is optional. Any online ad can become a cash deposit. Any cash ad can become an online deposit. The SEND feature allows the purchase of Bitcoins and the sale of Bitcoins to occur with Cash or other commodity. Your online ads require the entry of a price formula. Our ATM is more competitive as margins can vary on volume. None of the existing ATM ads utilise the localbitcoins escrow service or perform online price quoting. Feeding notes into an ATM or receiving them requires no escrow on behalf of ATM vendors. SMSBITCOIN is other don't know, a valid sub category. Our system will also connect to our local bitcoins wallet and we can use the local bitcoins api to offer our customers exchange services with trusted local bitcoin user ads either online or offline. The last ATM I built accepted credit cards. The POLi system gives greater protections to the seller owing to the bank integration method which confirms deposit receipt and instant bitcoins. Even with your escrow I have lost money with false bank remittances. I have not held you accountable for those losses, but I will hold you accountable for anti-competitive behavior. Hi,
Our ATM ad's are meant to guide LocalBitcoins customers to a physical location where they can exchange cash for Bitcoin.
As your system (from my understanding) currently requires buyers to pay you through online banking and does not feature any physical locations it does not fit the intended use case for our ATM ads. When I say that your service is "online" I don't mean hooked up to the internet, I mean that the buyer has to pay for the Bitcoin using an online payment method. As there is always substantial risk when buying using any online payment method these types of advertisements are only allowed on our online side where the buyer is protected by escrow. You're free to create these advertisements on our online side under the payment method "Other".
Best regards,
In response to:
Hi Max,
Just checking the progress on my last message.
Another point is mobile GSM and Mobile data (Internet - online). Mobile GSM carries SMS to more population centers. These remote areas don't have Mobile Data. SMS protocol can terminate on an innovation developed by subscribers, for example The local Bitcoins ATM's you sell could utilize SMS over GSM for the un-banked (Offline but connected Online via SMSBITOIN). A printer could produce coupons from a handset. You could pay a drone in Bitcoin to deliver cash to your physical location. Text Drone!
Look forward to a status update no later than 10am, AEST (Brisbane), 18/09/2015
Kind regards
SMS Bitcoin
Bitcoin ATM at Canberra ACT 2601, Australia
Visit Bitcoin ATM at Canberra ACT 2601, Australia
Like · Reply · Remove Preview · Yesterday at 8:28am
Steve Rowlison
Steve Rowlison's photo.
Like · Reply · Yesterday at 8:37am
Steve Rowlison
Steve Rowlison's photo.
Like · Reply · Yesterday at 8:39am
Brandon Smietana · 2 mutual friends
fuck local bitcoin
Like · Reply · 14 hrs
Jeremias Kangas · Friends with Roger Ver
Brandon, thank you. I'm founder of localbitcoins, what have you done for the bitcoin ecosystem?
I don't know the specifics of this case, and I don't have time to research. However, in principle I wouldn't see any problem if we would remove ATM listings altogether. We are a business, not a charity, the site is extremely stressful to run and costs as well.
Like · Reply · 14 hrs
Jeremias Kangas · Friends with Roger Ver
And just fyi, we allow listing the atms for free, and don't make any money out of it.
Like · Reply · 14 hrs · Edited
Steve Rowlison Yep so I can help you make money out of atms. Please ask max to reinstate my listings and I will freely show you how
Like · Reply · 13 hrs
Steve Rowlison My sms atm has not been listed and I am happy to pay transaction fees to local
Like · Reply · 30 mins
@_date: 2015-09-19 23:12:25
H Max,
I don't think you have understood my product.  That's right there is no need to limit the buyer unless they choose to exchange bitcoins with cash or cash with bitcoins which is the category in that my ads appear in your listings.    Again the user of the SMS service may add any additional automated technology they see fit to eject or accept value in any form including bank notes, cards, gift vouchers, goods and services etc.
The service can be either online or offline which is the benefit.  Again ATM's are online and best when they are not offline.  BTM's are therefore both offline and online, subject to our discussion on definition, ad classification and technology interpretation.  However your original definition and decision has no applicability in this new use case.  Operator assisted transactions - that is cash for bitcoin, and bitcoin for cash can be automated if desired by subscribers to our SMS data feed and the end point can be a local person or a physical machine incorporating any device that does whatever meets market demand. I chose a cash ad because the feed to any SMS compatible device like bitcoin atm's quote a price plus a margin.  In this design, the margin is far smaller than most other BTM'S and online ads, thus offering more competition into the market, quotes are real time just like a Travelex ATM for Forex.  Perhaps by limiting my products reach, your creating a legal issue that will need to addressed.  I'd like to work closely with local bitcoins to solve this problem before you and I go public.
@_date: 2015-11-30 13:08:29
Social Media Blockchain for anything that is stuffed.  Uses number theory- truth of work.
@_date: 2015-10-16 18:40:15
Yes it would allow the use case of sending money to friends and family back home or just around the corner.  Thanks for checking it out.  Please visit!
@_date: 2015-10-16 18:20:55
You're absolutely correct.  I'd recommend you don't use our service to hold coins.  Use it to get in and out.  I'd designed it as an on/off ramp because it was difficult to buy/sell via other channels.  Thanks for your feedback. "countermeasures to compare our logs with the  SMS traffic - note to self"