@_author: blockchain_lawyer
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:13:01
@_date: 2014-12-28 14:10:04
It did happen. I was the guy. Who would waste their time making up that story?
@_date: 2014-12-28 21:05:53
Because this post gives a lot of information that could allow someone to identify me. Preferred to use a new account that I could potentially link to my identify if I ever wanted to.
@_date: 2014-12-28 14:01:47
I am the customer you met last night. It was nice meeting you. That was the first time I have ever had a conversation with anyone who understands Bitcoin around here. Usually I'm just trying to explain the basics to my friends who might not be all that interested.
To prove I'm the guy, I'll add a chunk to your tip from last night. I don't have a changetip account yet but may be a good time to start one, although I'm not sure if there is a limit on that. If you want to send your address, I can do it through Coinbase.
Not sure how excited you should be to meet me though. As some have noted, I"m not sure you want the lawyers getting involved. I spend my days representing financial institutions as they respond to the countless regulatory actions they face, and I think a lot of Bitcoin companies are going to end up in the same situation. I'm even writing an article about when altcoins like Swarm may be considered SEC-regulated securities. Sorry in advance.
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:34:35
Sorry, not a tax lawyer. I could research the answer but wouldn't trust that I am right. I assume there is some procedure for accounting for lost assets but that is a guess.
If you want more beyond that, I charge in six minute intervals (which is as terrible as it sounds).
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:42:08
tldr: Higher courts are just appellate courts. There is no "trial", so there are no witnesses, and thus no expert witnesses.
Higher courts are appellate courts, meaning they are reviewing what happened at the trial court. They will review the entire "record" of what happened at the trial court, including any expert testimony and supporting documents.
Parties who appeal to a higher court do not get the chance to re-try their case. Rather they argue that the trial court got the law wrong based on the facts presented.
In the end, at the appellate court level, it is generally up to the lawyers to fill in any knowledge gaps that the judges may have after reading the record. That being said, in high-profile cases, experts and other third parties have a process of submitting briefs (amicus briefs) that may help educate a higher court on a specific topic. 
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:44:44
Good point. I guess I was thinking that no random person would tip him (more than a few cents) unless he provided some service to earn the tip. My tip would be in return for the good service he provided last night for me and my friends. But you are right that it does not really prove I'm the guy.
I guess everyone will have to live in eternal doubt as to whether this story was true. Unfortunately, I have my credit card bill and this hangover to prove that last night happened.