@_author: blowdatrumpet
@_date: 2019-07-18 08:06:41
1 The majority of well-known cryptocurrency founders have criminal records and extreme views, many others are anonymous. They have preyed on retail investors to enrich themselves and encourage retail investors to promote extremist political views.
2 The founder of bitcoin was anonymous. What if that means he was an employee of a rogue regime, or a programmer for a terrorist group, or had a long list of criminal records? He or they would be amassing a fortune based on the fact that they had a head start in acquiring a large amount of cryptocurrency before the public had a chance.
3 A large majority of the cryptocurrency supply is owned by a small number of wallets with no known ownership. They could be a rogue regime, a terrorist group, child traffickers, a cartel, or all the above. In fact, we have quite a lot of evidence that the ‘all the above’ option is correct.
4 Cryptocurrencies do not meet the definition of money, they function more like shareholding in a network that derives revenues from speculation, money laundering, terrorist financing, drug sales, child sex trafficking, ransomware, bribery, and financial fraud on exchanges.
5 The market prices are clearly artificially boosted with unbacked Tether (a token that is alleged to be backed by US dollars but is unaudited), fake volume and encourages investors to gamble with credit. This means the game is rigged to create Minsky Moments at regular intervals, roughly every 12-15 months, which wipes out retail investors and concentrates more wealth into fewer hands.
6 A portion of every bitcoin transaction goes into the pockets of the Chinese regime who control most of the hash power in cryptocurrency mining. Retail investors outside China should not be paying a transaction tax to that regime. It is also highly likely that mining company Bitmain and cryptocurrency exchanges like Binance are fronts for fund raising for the Chinese regime, its authoritarian figures, and its electronic warfare departments.
7 Reporters such as the website Bellingcat have shown us wallets belonging to known terrorists, Neo-Nazis and Russian intelligence. Retail investors should not be making these parties wealthier. We should not be financing those who kill and oppress people. 
8 All the cryptos put together added two whole countries worth of carbon footprint to the planet in the last decade and rising. We are hitting record temperatures and this level of global warming is a threat to us all. This must not be encouraged. Our legacy financial system is much more energy efficient and improving at a much faster rate. The decentralized nature of cryptocurrencies make them inherently inefficient, slower and power hungry.
@_date: 2018-12-15 14:41:53
I got a better conspiracy theory for you.
The elites in politics and finance created all these cryptos, pyramid schemes and shitcoins to make money out of all of you and dumped on you. They took your money and are laughing at you and your hopes.
Think about it. They let this go on without regulation for 10 years. They own the social media to let you shill for them. They own the troll farms and click farms to pump and dump on you. They own the silicon that was turned into miners.
Look at the characters who you called leaders. All Silicon Valley and hedge fund guys who know the tricks. All had companies in tax havens so you can’t even sue them or get your money back.
You been waiting for Institutions but in reality there were already Institutions playing you and taking your money for years. Time to give up. All you have now is worthless IOUs.
sell $btc
sell $eth
sell $bch