@_author: bluebitaut
@_date: 2015-06-14 10:42:51
with some luck, win some on SwC Poker :P
@_date: 2015-06-09 19:35:11
Formula 1 is one of the nicest examples, that could profit from Bitcoin.
I mean, have you ever thought about how many (recurring) costs they do have, to pay in so many different currencies, so many people, all over the world, every month / year?!
I'm no insider, but I could imagine this billion-dollar sport is paying hundreds of thousands in fees and whatever, just to handle their payments.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:44:25
Nice :)
Will check it out soon!
Any plans to deploy some more ATMs?
@_date: 2015-06-09 21:08:03
Ok, as i said, I'm no insider... but of course, I'm very well aware that there is corruption like in in every other business^^ ...ask FIFA :P
Whatever. We're not talking about air freight and hotels only...
If you're "inside F1", you might think of a dozen things that have to be paid internationally - or am I completely wrong?
But wait... lets take Bitcoin for bribing!!! yeaaaah ;))
@_date: 2015-06-09 21:54:42
I don't get it. Why downvotes!?
OK, corrupt institutions aside...
wouldn't international companies and whatever, save if they would use bitcoin instead of banks an exchange fees and whatnot!?
@_date: 2014-10-27 14:47:14
Maybe I get you wrong, but a combination of
"never have more than 1-2 BTC in the machine"
and a limit "per sale"
plus an sms-alarm like "Operator watch it, unusually high traffic, check this out NOW!"
should work, or? AFAIK this is already possible.
Mt.Gox is a bad example in many ways.
But in this case, the ATM doesn't restock from coldstorage but from an exchange. On-demand.
And we do all know, "never leave so much Crypto OR Fiat in an Exchange, that it could kill your business if it "gets lost" ..."
Am I missing something? (except for stealing the whole ATM and/or breaking the locks and always insert the same money until Operator recognizes).
@_date: 2014-04-23 20:23:26
"moral objections" !?
who defines this? and who decides whats okay and whats not?
example: he/she did a somewhat homosexual scene (i know the accountant would like that if 2 girls are involved) but the conservative US moral says: close her account!?!? wtf!?
@_date: 2014-05-24 14:23:35
Thank you! I'll keep you updated on the progress.
I am also going to ask them, if they would like to promote a "WarmUp" on Saturday (or maybe Friday already), as the party at the official Location (Club Passage) usually not heatens up before 12pm AFAIK.
@_date: 2014-07-25 10:32:25
For "simply using" Bitcoin, this could work I guess.
I think, the problem created here is, you won't get that much "official places" / merchants adoption in Austria that way.
Or in other words: thanks to our beloved Government it's already f*cking hard to do any kind of successful start-up in Austria... and now they just made it even worse/nearly impossible, if it's Bitcoin-related.
And that's what my actual problem is.
Well, maybe we'll just have to look/head for Luxemburg or Isle of Man...
@_date: 2014-10-10 12:52:13
Supporters gonna support ;)
Have a beer on me! @_date: 2014-07-26 17:32:59
Yes :)
@_date: 2014-10-07 13:52:57
It's just an example.
Nearly every popular Wallet has similar options and ways to secure, enrypt and backup.
You just have to do it and "sacrifice" a few minutes to make a backup and to verify that it works.
Well, of course you need to store the backup informations and passwords in a safe place. But I think thats the easiest task of all ;)
If you have questions or want to know more about some of the different popular Wallets, try here: 
EDIT: Mycelium has a new Release, see details here: 
@_date: 2014-10-11 01:04:01
what about less machine guns, but more aiming skills ... /trolling :P 
@_date: 2014-04-23 19:45:43
Well... i am not in the USA here, but on the one side every business has the right to "select" its customers, just as ever Bartender can refuse to serve you another drink.
On the other side, dumb double morals, pervert priests and so much banks looking for their reputation "not to get in touch" with porn industries or other stuff that their conservative customers could blame at a cocktailparty (pun intended)... while "secretly" consuming the weirdest shit possible remain daily business to this guys... or even more sick stuff.
Take GirlsgoneBitcoin for example - thats just a start. Pornbusiness was always the leader for anonymous stuff and now with bitcoin gets a massive tool (also intended) to grow!
I encourage every porn related business to accept BTC ASAP, for the sake of Bitcoins!
@_date: 2014-10-23 15:55:46
- Download the "Mycelium" Wallet App in Android PlayStore
- find the Buy/Sell Bitcoin Button in that Wallet App
- tell the App where you are
This (called LocalTrader) shows you other Bitcoiners in your area that buy/sell BTC, in person, for cash.
So you can see where they like to meet or how far they are away from you.
You can contact them directly from that App, tell them the amount you want to buy and then you will meet somewhere thats comfortable for both of you (Cafe, Trainstation, whatever)
Nothing else needed.
If you are going to buy BTC on a regular base, I can recommend kraken.com !
"Tier3" verification for German customers takes usually 1-2 days, if all informations are delivered correctly.
If you don't want to give them the needed informations, you can use circle.com .
You pay more per BTC and in fees (especially if you use a CreditCard) but you can also link your Bankaccount without much hassle.
I've tested it and it worked for me, from Austria - and as far as I've read, should work from Germany too.
But the Mycelium App should be the easiest way, if there is someone close to your location, that wants to sell.
If you want, contact me for further help.
EDIT: but please, NEVER EVER buy/sell bitcoins with PayPal!!!
@_date: 2014-05-29 23:27:37
Thank you very much!
Will check it out ASAP.
@_date: 2014-07-23 12:58:55
the first reactions from Niko Alm:
ladys and gentlemen, these answers from our politicians (Spindelegger and Mitterlehner), are the classical "austrian solution": avoid innovations and competitiveness at all levels and at all costs...
*slow clap* thank you very much! 
@_date: 2014-11-11 09:13:33
Buying from an individual person is usually way more expensive, than from a legit exchange. But that is the considered price for not dealing with an exchangeaccount yourself.
Also, don't forget you'd have to setup this only once. Meet other people just to buy on-demand is also consuming a lot of time in the end.
Average Exchange fee depends, but shouldn't exceed 0,3% for buying BTC and a fixed rate for BTC withdrawals, like 0.0005 BTC at kraken.com or a few cents for Fiat withdrawal (SEPA costs 0,09 €!)
Also, most legit exchanges require only 3 confirmations before they release your funds, which reduces the timespan a lot.
And if you look on the common charts out there, while talking about like 1000USD in "limbo" for around ~30-40 (timespan until it arrives the destination and released for exchanging to the preferred Fiat), you'd really have to have real bad luck to lose more than 1% to volatility.
I don't say it is impossible, but very unlikely that a so called bearwhale shows up, exactly while you are waiting for a transfer.
 
Anyway, there is no cheaper and faster way than BTC, if you need to transfer money over a longer distance.
Remember, WesternUnion etc. take a cut of up to ~8-14% in some situations.
@_date: 2014-06-08 12:27:07
I never had any issues with them, but I've seen others that had their problems resolved here:
User "Dargo" could maybe help you too.
@_date: 2014-11-10 14:37:39
I don't know /use Korbit myself, but usually this function is located somewhere, where you can manage your funds.
Look out for the "withdrawal" options, where you can insert a destination (your other wallets address).
This should also be the place, where it should show your withdrawal limits per day or month. This is important if you want to transfer/withdraw "mentionable amounts".
Again, try your transfer with a tiny amount first. This way you also get a feeling for the different timescales and fee's that can occur for withdrawing BTC at Korbit and/or USD at your US exchange.
@_date: 2014-05-31 02:13:17
Thanks for being our guests!
We'd never expected such an successful evening, with so many great people!
I told Klaus,... "if we get 3-4 guys, coming here and maybe paying with btc..."
But ... no one expected to have this kind of party!
I hope everything was okay for you and we'll meet again.
here is a link with google maps and everthing, to tell the "others" ;) 
@_date: 2014-12-11 17:34:30
There is a very recommendable Youtube channel for beginners. Take your time to watch some of this, as this is a very well explained and good point to start:
"world bitcoin network" from James D'Angelo
Bitcoin 101 - Understanding Bitcoin (pt. 1 of 3) - A Beginner's Guide
If you don't understand particular parts, that's no problem: use the search on for the specific "keyword" or just ask :)
@_date: 2014-10-27 12:06:15
I still don't get, why there are ATMs that have to be "filled" manually.
Is it that hard to either manage it correctly or connect it directly to an exchange, to avoid such very unpleasant situations!?
Also I never understood, why an Operator would want to "store" an certain/big amount of BTC in an ATM-Wallet for a long time, as it's easily possible to have an "automatic restock" within a few minutes.
(i.e. "if ATM balance is &lt; 0.25 BTC, trigger script to rebuy 0.5 BTC").
@_date: 2014-05-29 23:08:08
Vienna is far from boring :)
But sadly the progress of BTC adoption here, is not as fast as elsewhere.
You could call the Diesels more like a "afterwork livingroom, with good people, drinks &amp; music" than a Disco/Club.
Have you seen the "panorama tour" on their website?
But, there is hope. I can't / won't pre-announce now (!), but there is a chance that the owners decide to also open up on Saturday too, just for the attendees of the CEBEXPO (not my decision!).
But IF this is the case, I will keep you updated here.
@_date: 2014-10-23 19:02:28
Very nice!
A lot better than that "taped newspaper vandalism" a few months ago ;)
@_date: 2014-11-11 10:06:47
Hummel Hummel :P
Pretty sure, Hamburg has his community, too :)
Regarding Taxis, I think I've read somewhere "Uber" is already checking out, how to accept bitcoin as a payment option.
@_date: 2014-12-03 14:45:10
If you:
- use Android, it is Mycelium
- want a lightweight client on PC, it is Electrum
- want to support the network and have a PC running most of the time and about 22GB free diskspace - it is the Bitcoin Core Client
- are on iOS, Andreas Schildbachs Wallet or breadwallet (I guess, I don't use iOS devices)
EDIT: formatting and - if you want to keep a big stash of BTC save, read about "cold storage"
@_date: 2014-05-31 11:33:17
Heute auch, speziell für Bitcoiner, geöffnet ab 18Uhr :)
@_date: 2014-04-23 20:11:04
i don't need to want you to spend your money at my business, if i don't like you. simple as that, if i can afford it.
AFAIK there is no need or law, that you have to serve ppl at your own business.
But if your business contents moneyservices, with a lot of remittances or no direct contact to the business itself... why would you care if a pornstar, a bankster, a hairstylist or a steward has his account with you?
Whats next? Male stewards are tagged Gay for the most ppl... what if a Bank decides not to serve them anyore because of that stereotype/chliche?!
@_date: 2014-05-30 10:03:17
They are open today, Friday.
But ...
Cebexpo Public Relations also got in contact with us.
At the moment, we're checking out the options for Saturday.
It also could (!) be, based on todays reactions etc., that the owner will decide short termed, to open up on Saturday too.
This is not an announcement - but I will, of course, keep you all in touch, as soon as the decision is made.
@_date: 2014-11-11 08:43:53
Yes, it is still an experiment, even after ~ 6 years.
If you are in Berlin, AFAIK they have a really nice community too, go and visit them on their meetups - I'm pretty sure they will help you with every question.
Bitcoin 101 / world bitcoin network is one of the very best channels to learn more about all this stuff.
James D'Angelo does a really good job at explaining how and why things are working the way they do. I can only recommend to watch the "for beginners" and some other videos from his blackboard series.
@_date: 2014-11-10 14:09:49
Well, one thing to consider is, how do you obtain the amount of BTC needed every month?
This also depends on where you live and therefore what options you'd have.
Surely circle.com and using CC or bank account isn't that anonymus.
There a dozen ways to get/buy/earn BTC and each is on a different scale of anonymity.
You could check out localbitcoins.com or the "Localtrader"
(which is integrated in the Mycelium App, if you can get your hands on a cheap Android device)
if someone wants to sell in person/for cash in your area.
Just think about the whole chain from the start to the end in your usecase and where ever you would have to use/give any personal data (or connectable data). Then decide how much effort it is worth to you to circumvent that particular step.
Like: I won't use any emailaddress that is already in use on FB/twitter or any other account, where my credentials or any other data could be linked to anyhow.
Want to setup VPN? Tor? Tailz? 
You could basically see this as a "modular pseudonymity approach" which Bitcoin can offer, based on your needs.
Also, if you plan to use BTC just once a month, think about if you want to buy on demand - or do you want to buy a bigger amount and "take the risk/chance" of volatility?
As others mentioned already, never keep a mentionable amount of BTC in any Wallet that you don't fully control.
Electrum as an lightweight desktop client is a good one, if you don't want to participate in the network itself or can't free up 23GB+ on your harddisk.
No matter what Wallet/App etc you're going to use - just make sure to follow the built-in and recommended security measurements, do backups and test them if you can recover it!
@_date: 2014-05-29 11:28:05
Here we go, see you tomorrow :)
@_date: 2014-05-29 16:23:03
Awesome, thank you very much!
Have a safe trip :)
@_date: 2014-07-07 11:16:36
Hi Max,
greetings from Vienna!
There are already many good ideas how to handle this topic.
One of the best, I think, was to show some Videos and articles on your Large Format Display permanently.
Also include this picture and explain why "Mr. Newspaper" is wrong.
I wouldn't hesitate to write a press release and submit it to the usual austrian newssites (derstandard.at is already "pro bitcoin", I'd say).
Are you going to report this "vandalism" to the police?
@_date: 2014-10-01 01:29:00
My answer suggests some weird things. At least weird for the weird people in US :P
And you know what!? I'm very disappointed (after reading a lot of comments)
no one said the most obvious thing (from the perspective of many men^^).
Well, ... using Bitcoin could show some benefits in a TV spot:
Think about the common conservative Dad, who is hiding in the cellar and consumes whatever porn site or webcam-service with them fetish girls fulfilling his strange needs ^^...
And ye' good ol'wifey enters the the room and cries "so thats what you used our credit card for!?!?" and he answers: NOOOO! I used Bitcoin, because thats a direct transaction to the model, without pimps and companies and you would never know if you weren't home early!!
:P 
... or, slightly less dramatic... She opens the letter with all details from the transactions processed by creditcard company... and suddenly recognizes an "300$ to XXX-productions 1 year subscription" and she asks him what this means... while he looks into the camera and says "goddamn,... if i had used bitcoin, my wife wouldn't ask/know anything " :P
Same for drinks/girls/gambling....
I'm pretty sure, most of you know what i mean...
I'd really like to see an Ad that combines "real life use" with some humor and clichees and combining "i have nothing to hide" with "be your own bank" ..no matter if you are the stereotype Nerd, a "girlsgonebitcoin" actress, Barney Stinson, average Joe or the most conservative Dad that just want to pay for Camgirls without disclose your identy to someone^^...
Sex sells - right? ;)
@_date: 2014-11-24 09:04:48
very simplified comparison: think of gold.
you can buy a very tiny piece of gold, worth 3$...
or a whole ounce worth 1200$.
or a foreign currency, like russian ruble:
1$ is like ~45.50 RUR
1 BTC is also
~17080 RUR
~300 €UR
~2285 CNY
unfortunately, there is still a big discussion on the different possible smaller denominations.
but most common are "mBTC" and "bits".
so, to answer your question: of course, you can also just exchange like 10$ for currently ~0.027 BTC 
@_date: 2014-11-11 10:35:25
Keep playing it safe. Remember ye'old Bitcoiners saying:
 "never invest/speculate with more than you could easily afford to lose" ;)
And at least don't buy big amounts to hold long term, until you found out how to keep them save, making and restoring backups etc.
@_date: 2014-05-29 23:50:48
Thanks again for your tip, mate :)
If you ever make it to Vienna, please be my guest on a real, good, cold Austrian beer! 
@_date: 2014-11-09 12:59:23
Every Exchange has "Deposit Addresses" (their side) and should give you the option todefine "Withdrawal Addresses" (your side/ of your Wallet on your mobilephone or computer or another Exchange).
Make sure to identify them correctly and maybe start with a small amount for the first run.
You could either go:
- Buy BTC at Korean Exchange
- then withdraw to your personal Wallet Address
- then send it to the Deposit Address of the US exchange
OR, if the Korean exchange allows that
(not all exchanges allow to withdraw to "pooled Addresses") skip the part of sending to your own Wallet and send it directly to the US Address.
Also read their FAQs! Something to consider - if you're going to transfer bigger amounts - could be withdrawal limits.
Also make sure to know how many confirmations each side needs, before they release your funds after depositing.
@_date: 2014-11-11 09:32:39
I also thought about that a lot. Musicians, (political motivated-)Comedians or other people with quite big audiences on different channels should "get the point" that they can also collect tips for doing what they do anyway - and maybe the whole copyrightdiscussion also could get another approach/point of view that way.
I had some people in my mind, like Jeff Dunham who has a real big audience in the US, or Michael Mittermeier (German comedian).
Or all that famous Actors, that hurry from charity to charity to promote them and call for donations, should made aware of this.
@_date: 2014-10-24 12:10:59
Pretty much a club that seems to be inspired by "Girls Gone Bitcoin". Except that it rains real cash and someone (Manager?) takes a cut.
Wasn't there any platform already, for camgirls to directly get paid in bitcoin, from their viewer?!
@_date: 2014-07-26 21:30:32
Thank you!! One does what he can :P
@_date: 2014-06-01 12:20:06
Don't panic - you can still have a Drink on Bitcoins, when you're back :)
They will go on with accepting Bitcoins!
@_date: 2014-07-18 14:32:50
Just to make sure I get you right...
Because of one semi-shady, somewhat anonymus Exchange which is sitting in Bulgaria or something...
You call whole eastern Europe **lawless**?
You've never been in (eastern) Europe, right?
Maybe this link could help you: 
@_date: 2014-10-10 19:52:52
Maybe just lazy. But even if that would be a convenient excuse, I tend to agree with you.
There are so many ways to EASILY buy and securely store BTC already, that he really should consider not to involve his employer but buy them himself, as long as he isn't comfortable enough to handle this.
@_date: 2014-12-03 15:07:31
Sounds pretty cool, but is actually not my favourite kind of music.
Anyway, good to see more and more artists learn about this way of monetizing their stuff and hopefully "spread the word".
Just have sent a small donation to support this.
Damn, I just love how easy it is to scan a QR from my monitor snd just to appreciate someones work :P
@_date: 2014-04-23 12:13:19
Ft_clox_metoo: exactly the same here, also in Vienna ;)
And i think the very same about the market in Central Europe.
If you want, contact me at Bitcointalk.org
@_date: 2014-12-11 17:56:03
Try  , if you want to use it on your PC. It's a lightweight client = no need to download the Blockchain.
Try "Mycelium" (available on Playstore) if you want to use it on your Android - or "Breadwallet" if you are on iOS.
Or, as already suggested, try one of the online-wallets until you feel comfortable by managing your own wallet and its security/backup stuff.
Receive codes? You mean "wallet addresses", I guess.
Many of these Faucets are scammy... or won't payout until there is an defined amount summed up. So don't wait for that...
But yes, if they actually made a transaction to one of your addresses
you should already see a balance on that address via Blockchain.info. And when your Core Client downloaded and synced that ~25GB, you should see that in your Client too (if the address that you gave the Faucet site is really "managed" by this client).
EDIT: I forgot, your tip from a year ago should be redeemable here 
Link your redditaccount to them should do the trick, and then you can "withdraw" it to your own wallet (address).
@_date: 2014-07-26 22:14:36
My texts are in German and that brochure doesn't have so much fancy graphics and all that stuff.
I'm pretty sure there is a lot of brochures and stuff in English (also see the comments below).
But if you have troubles to find anything useful for your needs, send me a PM, maybe I can help you out.
What I did was just taking basic informations and trying to write it in "laymans terms" with the goal to make people curious and check out some URLs like bitcoin.org, coindesk and bitcoin.de, for example.
@_date: 2014-04-24 14:09:30
Yes, you are right too.
But i don't see a Hospital as a business in that case, to be honest.
I just meant, every "normal" Business just could say "no i don't want to sell you my product or service", completely without giving any reason or explanation. And there is nothing wrong with it.
But it is, as you say, wrong and also discriminating if the reason would be based on skincolor/race/sexual orientation/your job/your religion/...
If my Bank would cancel my account just because they don't like how i (legally!) earn my money - i'd ask my lawyer what i could do to sue the hell out of them for discrimination or whatever... especially if i'd be in the U.S.
@_date: 2014-10-02 01:38:48
Not sure if you've read my previous post.
Worth his time?! Aunty waiting at 1PM to pick up her money. Reward per customer is 2% of the initial senders transaction (Joe sends 1000USD, 2% is 20USD, 20USD buys Bob a whole lot of things in an area where the avg. income is 400USD, and now think about Bob having 20 customers, at least, having to deal about 5minutes, per customer)...
Sure. he would have some "work" to do if he sells/converts/withdraws the BTC to "whatever"... (takes 5minutes on a exchange) but what do you think, is 20+ customers in his area an unreachable goal!?
Capital?! He could start exchange small amounts... or get a funding from someone that takes ...yadda yadda..25% of his margin because he enabled him to do this whole stuff...
Boy, there is a solution to everything - have some fantasy, just do it :)
@_date: 2014-12-04 07:39:14
Geezus, ...
Another one underestimating "poor construction workers".
I'll try it in other words.
Overall in the world, the "poor" are trying to survive, right?
They NEED to be open (and actually seek) for new ways, that saves them money in comparision to their status quo. Right?
Now, in 2014 it isn't impossible, that even in rural areas (not all, but many) is already some kind of internet connection - in the same range, as the next WU office. Right?
If there is only 1 guy in that area, that has been told about bitcoin from his relatives (simplified: "hey son, I want to send you 100$ as usual, but instead of you receiving 86$ after 3-5 days, I heard there is a way you get out 94$ after a few hours, please read/learn about bitcoin.") - there is also a chance, that he can find a way to get a bank account and therefor can connect to an exchange to get out his local FIAT (for him or also act as hub for other people!)
There is no need for bitcoin to be directly useable/valuable in that area, as there will be ways to exchange it into local fiat.
So bitcoins task here isn't currency but a proper/cheaper way of valuetransportation.
Sure, this won't work for every country/rural area in the world.
But don't underestimate the abilities of those people, to work their sh*t out, to save money.
And they do not care, if they have to walk a few miles to "stand in line" at WU, or in the same village for BTC a exchanger.
But if the word spreads, that they get out more by the BTC-way, things will evolve very quickly.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:00:36
Bitpay even rejects established businesses which wanted to support and affiliate with them... I know about atleast 1 company, that asked them if and how they could find a way together in CEE, on medium or big scale PR and driving adoption forward...
The only known affiliate in Europe seems to be bitcoinsBerlin...
so, i think referrals is the last thing these guys think about.
EDIT: clarify
@_date: 2014-06-01 12:18:51
Hi, we're glad you enjoyed your stay!
Thank you for being our guests and i hope we meet again on your next trip to Vienna :)
@_date: 2014-10-27 13:44:59
Lamassus back-end software (called "Rakía") is (AFAIK) capable to do that, but it has to be set up properly.
And even if it's not,... damn, it's open-source! Someone push it at github :P
Well, at the end of the day, this particular ATM operator now has an unsatisfied customer and lost that purchase(s), until he manually fixed/restocked his machine.
Good Job! ;) :P
EDIT: typo
@_date: 2014-05-29 23:22:36
Done! Coinmap.org had some issues but they seem to be solved now.
@_date: 2014-10-27 16:03:53
The amount of cash is limited at around 600 bills (usually, in that particular machine). That could maybe be another reason for OPs situation. Not sure which error-message I'd show the customer in that case. Could be a "call +1234blabla for support" also.
To steal a heavily mounted ATM, in a crowded/public and maybe video surveillanced area isn't impossible - but... how likely is that in reality? Risk vs. Reward...
@_date: 2014-07-26 21:31:38
Not yet.
Do you need it in German or in English?
I'll see what I can do.
@_date: 2014-11-10 15:17:50
yep, easiest and maybe fastest, but not neccessary cheapest way, I think (check if your CC charges fees, too)
That is the "beauty" of bitcoin :) you can fully decide how to obtain it on your personally preferred way / accepted degree of efforts and costs and also level of "anonymity" or timeframe.
Just saying, on behalf how your buying-behaviour for BTC will look, it could be useful/cheaper to find someone selling to you regularly or even open up an account on an exchange like coinbase, bitstamp or whatever (again, depends on where you live).
Because if you use a CC with circle, there is problably nearly no difference (in "anonymity") if you link an established BTCexchange to your bankaccount for regular buying.
 
@_date: 2014-09-08 07:12:00
These trades happened :)
@_date: 2014-12-26 18:03:24
Warren: "Stay away from Bitcoin, Bill."
Bill: "Stay away from Coke, Warren."
@_date: 2014-10-06 19:37:42
I'd say, if I have created a game or some content and want to sell it,...
The first thing I'd make sure, everyone could buy it directly from me, without further costs of middlemen, distribution, whatever...
Sure, if you also want/need to publish on other channels (like Steam, for example), this could cause some changes that have to be done to contracts and also involves costs for DL hosters or having/developing a P2P updater/installer... 
But if Steam (contracts) doesn't care, if you offer your game on your own website...
Well, if you ask me, we've seen everything of that (technical side) before and this all should be "easily" adaptable to bitcoin. Right now.
Do it :P
Announce your (Blockbuster)Game and tell me I can buy it with bitcoin, directly from you, to show some love :)
@_date: 2014-09-07 23:07:35
With a room like this: I would add a ATM, a Bar for Coffee, Drinks &amp; Snacks (payable only in BTC ;)); comfortable interiors just to hang out; a bunch of TVs and gaming consoles to play (and host challenges/tournaments, where you can win BTC); sell space on the wall for BTC related advertisements; have a weekly presentation for ppl interested; make it an attractive place for schools to visit with IT educational classes (to meet professional developers for example); give room for creative/developing ppl to meet and work together ... just make it a place, that shows that "Bitcoin isn't a shady gangster druggy ponzi" but definitely worth to know and educate about.... just the first things that came to my mind :)
@_date: 2014-05-21 15:13:40
Maybe you want to check out the Mycelium Wallet and the included LocalTrader functions.
It shows you other users which offer BTC to sell in your area AND you can place a sell offer for others to contact you.
@_date: 2014-07-26 21:59:31
Not sure whats going on in Seattle... :P
But it looks like your Diesel's is not "the same kind of" Bar, like the one I mean ;)
@_date: 2014-09-30 12:19:07
**TL;DR:** "The damn last Mile" ...think about, how you could contact/educate/tell the "next possible, local, banked guy with Internet access" in a foreign country / rural areas about starting to exchange bitcoin for their people.
I thought about how to solve the issue, that I like to call *"the last Mile"*.
With that I mean the steps to take for the unbanked and unconnected old Aunty,
that needs to get the money in her local currency, without too many hassles.
Sure it depends on where Aunty is located and the amount of money that she gets every month.
And, of course, there is a need to compare/weigh in the percentage of savings vs. the necessary efforts
for Aunty "to get out more, than with WU".
Joe sends 1000$ via WU, every month and the old Aunty only has to get to the next town with a WU office.
This takes her **1.5 hours** and she gets out like 880$ after all fees and conversion.
If the old Aunty has to do **a whole day trip** to the next local bitcoin exchanger,
just to get out 80$ more of that monthly transaction from Joe...
It's maybe more unlikely she would do that. Right?
Sure, it depends on the situation like the receivers abilities to travel and so on...
And also 80$ difference could be a lot (read "enough reasons") in some countries/areas,
for many people to even spend a whole day to get the money.
So, again, assuming the next town (where WU is also) has anyhow access to the internet,
and there is a local guy (Bob) taking like 2% fees, to convert the coins received into local cash.
The service from this guy, that obviously already knows how to deal with Bitcoin,
could be to create a wallet for every customer (Aunty)
and send an Address/QR via E-Mail to Joe.
Now, every time Joe has summed up his 1000$, he gives her Aunty a call,
or they have a planned schedule with fixed days... whatever...
Joe knows, she will be at Bobs place on 1PM 
so he exchanges (instant on Circle, buys them locally or where and how ever he likes to)
and sends the transaction.
Aunty shows up at Bob around 1PM (remember, same town/effort as with WU),
Bob recognizes the received BTC in Auntys Wallet, calls her up by name and
Aunty receives around 960$ worth of local currency.
Now, think about:
What exactly does Bob need, to serve as exchanger for the people from the surrounding, rural areas?
Any kind of computer, a network connection, a place to do the business and a bank account to cash in the received BTC from Joe.
So, please correct me, but I'm somehow optimistic that a town with an WU office, also has a way to get access to the Internet in the most cases(?).
Thus the chances, to find someone that you could educate to handle the above, aren't that bad, I think.
**How to start or how to find Bob?**
If you know about people or communities in your town, that maybe send money home:
contact them, ask if you might join them for a while and ask some questions, go there, meet them.
Identify the locations they send money to, check out where their relatives pick the money up.
Do some Google Magic and read up, where the closest Internet access could be. Get back to that people and ask them,
if they know someone in that area, ideally someone with a computer.
Try to get his E-Mailaddress, Skype or whatever.... get in contact.
Maybe someone helps you with translation, if needed.
And also remember, 2% goes to Bob, which could mean "worth a lot of local money" (or read "a very good incentive").
If you think,.. "wow, a lot of work to do" - yes, that's right.
But maybe you'll want to meet your local community once a week/month,
accept their money and send the BTC to Bob for a 2% fee?
What's in for you?
Calculate: every Sunday, take an hour time, meet them and, for the start, lets say 5 people, each sending 500$ and you take 2%. 
Around 50$ or 0.13 BTC, at the time of writing - sounds not so bad to me :)
I surely miss the one or other point here
(like your jurisdiction might see this as a taxable event/business...
money transmitting laws, exchange licenses etc.),
but in the right circumstances, with the given basics and personal efforts,
it should be absolutely possible to find and educate "Bob" all over the world. For everyone.
I've never been the guy that sat there, just waiting for things to happen somehow, somewhere...
That's why I started my own research last week, to find out which foreign communities have their events, meetings etc. in my hometown.
Next step will be to ask them, if it's okay to visit them and if I may ask some questions / try to create awareness on this topic.
I'll report back as soon as I have the first feedbacks and results.
EDIT: some formatting :P
@_date: 2014-10-11 01:20:48
At the time of writing, the address
 	19xb2pAzyv7feFkBhbh3n3rtBJ9JPTufm
had a
Total Received 	34.11966962 BTC
Not sure, but for me this looks like "not enough", compared to the numbers of expected Torrent downloads/leechs/seeds.
Can anyone provide a link with some statistics of downloads etc?
34 BTC * 359$ = 12206$ and assuming a ticket/price of 13$ ...
in theory, only 938 Bitcoiners donated/paid the price.
Can we do better? I think so.
@_date: 2014-10-11 01:00:49
Paying for Torrented/Napstered Movies/Music, back then, was also a joke.
Now you can/should/have to pay for it :)
The Rise... ;)
@_date: 2014-08-10 16:00:54
Whatever Bitcoin related service or business one offers, for example in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Slovakia or wherever in Europe.
What do you think, would really happen if you don't take any active/passive efforts to prevent NY customers to use your servoce/businness in any way?!
Do you really think, someone from NY authorities will make a call like "Hello *insert country here*, someone offers something thats legal in your country but in NY you need a License to do that - so you better close that Shop/Site/Business or we'll bring our freedom to you, too!!" ...or something like that?!
What shall they do!? Send Lawyers, "Agents", Tanks or whatever?
I don't think so...
Maybe it is the easiest way to just have one of these "useless checkboxes" with *No, I'm not a New York resident*
which would be as useful as the *Yes, I am over 18 and wanna see them Boobs* Checkboxes...
@_date: 2014-05-24 19:01:45
There is also some movement to clarify Bitcoinbusiness related stuff:
@_date: 2014-11-09 14:15:46
If you have an Android phone, check out the Mycelium App in the PlayStore.
This App has an integrated "Localtrader" and after telling it where you are, it shows you the nearest buyer/seller and you can also contact them directly.
@_date: 2014-10-28 19:52:54
Gimme that downvotes NAO!
"Only in...'Murica!"
@_date: 2014-05-29 23:09:28
@_date: 2014-05-31 11:35:19
THEY WILL OPEN UP ON THIS SATURDAY, ESPECIALLY FOR ALL THE BITCOINERS OUT THERE :)
@_date: 2014-12-17 11:58:24
Have YOU tried to find someone on Localbitcoins.com, in the area of your parents?
Alternative could also be Myceliums LocalTrader Feature.
Check this Map 
If you find someone willing to sell some BTC for cash, you could provide your parents a QR-code of your address (via e-mail, they print it, or as image on their smartphone, if they have one)
They meet, hand out the money, the "exchanger" takes his 3-5% and scans the QR of your receiving address that your parents have got from you.
The decision is "cheap &amp; slow but dealing with sign-up with personal data etc on onlineexchange and sending money there"
"find a fellow Bitcoiner to meet with and pay around ~5% for a nearly instant transaction to your wallet, without registrations and learning curves for your parents"
@_date: 2014-10-07 13:22:45
For the paperwallets, sure you could copy them as much as you like. For having them in different secure locations, for example.
As a very simplified comparison:
Think about the keys to your car. If you copy them, you don't copy your car, right?
You could say, the ("private key") QR Code on your paperwallet is nothing else than an information/key/evidence, that you have access to an address/wallet/funds, that are registered on the ledger (Blockchain).
Mycelium App is a very good recommendation!
For backing up your own Wallets you don't have much to do and it is really easy, if you read the step by step instructions carefully and attentional.
Just make sure to use the offered security mechanisms like pincodes for transactions. But you'll see, it can't get much easier than that :)
Now even if your phone gets stolen or broken, you just install Mycelium on your new phone and import the old secured wallet by scanning your backup-document, typing in the passphrase and that's it.
@_date: 2014-10-27 16:13:14
Thank you :)
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:09:46
I have "developed" something like this for a Brick'n'Mortar business that I could convince to accept BTC as I told them, they would have zero to do with anything of it :P (except receive the payment, in nearly the same way as they'd do with a card payment. Instead of the Cardterminal just use a Android Tab).
It is a very quick&amp;dirty solution and far from any state of publicly releasable or heavy security measurements... but in a few weeks maybe.
Merchant has a Wallet (Mycelium) which is also imported at my systems Core Client.
Everytime the Mycelium wallet receives a payment, a rudimentary script on my system detects it, fetches the BTC amount and triggers a new Tx via bitcoind (after first confirmation) to another address (Exchange).
Another program (Bot) is checking for the Exchangebalance like: "if BTC balance &gt; 0.001 trigger a sell at current price"
Still a lot of work to do. For example, I do need to match/log the actual €conversion rate at time of receiving to tell my selling Bot the minimum price he is allowed to place the sell order...
But as progress moves on, I think i will publish a little tutorial like "how everyone can be bitpay by himself".
@_date: 2014-05-29 12:12:47
Yes, it is :)
So we'll meet on Friday?
@_date: 2014-09-30 23:42:56
Scams. Yeah. Think of the following situation: what could "scammy Bob" win? I mean, lets take the African community in my town as example, that I'd visit every week/month....and they would tell me, that "scammy Bob" did not exchange the sent BTC to Aunty!? A "one timer" for him vs. steady x% income (that is a lot higher than every job he could get around). Because no one would ever trust /use/visit Bob again. Sure, compared to WU this is a risk. But if Bob fails, there will be Jim. He'll have hard times to get trust, of course... but... you know where this is going. IF you find Bob, and make sure to explain everything the right way, he will gladly live on that 2% (USD/EUR!!!) and try to keep that income.
Sure, there are many crooks and idiots, everywhere.. but... we've seen this in every business before. So i guess it is all about finding the "right Bob" willing to understand/accept this whole thing.
Circle will help on the one side. But, well... if you're in contact with a community that sends money home, it is your decision to teach them how to use exchanges (zero to 0.2 or 0.5 fees) to buy bitcoin, or offer them a service at a (2% ?) markup.
@_date: 2014-12-04 15:55:11
I already did. Read again. From the start. And actually try to understand.
@_date: 2014-10-02 13:53:00
Sure it is another option to sell Bobs BTC upfront to have the cash for Aunty ready like 1 or 3 Days later. As i said, there will be ways to do it.
But I think you missed one point. Them Joes wouldn't do daily transactions of average daily-wage sized transactions. But every week or once a month, i guess. Also because Aunty has to "travel" 2hours to get her money in very rural areas, for example.
That is what I've meant with even 20-30 Auntys that receive money from their relatives, every month, would easily generate "a local average income" in Fees for Bob.
Of course, it could be an issue in many of this areas, if Bob is known for having a lot of cash at his place. But so it is with every other business, I guess. But if he is that successful, the next step should be his first employee - a big guy on the door :)
@_date: 2014-05-29 14:57:30
Coinmap seems to lag a little bit, added it a few hours ago.
Will recheck, but of course it should show it soon!
@_date: 2014-07-26 13:32:04
The day I "convinced" my friends and owners of a Bar in Vienna, Austria, to try and accept Bitcoins - they told me exactly that: "I don't exactly understand whats going on there, but I see it works. What if people ask me more detailed questions about it? I don't have the time and knowledge to explain it. I couldn't/wouldn't even explain how the Creditcard-stuff works..."
Well, I live very close to that Bar, so they could call me anytime they have a problem or need someone to explain it to a customer.
But i decided to write a short and easy explanation, including a few Links "where to start". Printed 20pcs of it and everytime someone asks, the owners hand them the little brochure and tells them with a smile that "all they know is that it works great but don't exactly know about the technical stuff behind it" and asks them to check out these explanations and URLs for more info.
Or to ask me, if I am around :)
Works just fine.
I guess it is all about how you ask/tell someone to check this out himself and give him some waypoints to do so.
EDIT: I forgot to mention, that we've also put a Flyer on the wall, with QR-URLs directly to those Links, mentioned in the Brochure. So the customer can browse this Links easily and enjoy his drink at the same time .
@_date: 2014-06-22 18:39:01
First thing I thought after reading the question was:
"It's not the math, but the many solution(s) to actual problems it provides, that are worth to be solved."
@_date: 2014-09-15 12:28:47
I think, you are right with your assumption.
This is something i copy&amp;paste to everyone that comes up with the "waste of energy argument":
Energy Used (GJ) // Tonnes CO2 produced per Year
Gold Mining: 475 million // 54 million
Paper Currency &amp; Minting: 39.6 million // 6.7 million
Banking System: 2340 million // 390 million
Bitcoin Mining: 3.3 million // 0.55 mill
EDIT: formatting :P
@_date: 2014-10-01 01:56:09
As much as i like this... too bad it took so long to publish/release this...
I could have thought of a dozen ways to pay / donate for this movie - even as i watch it.
Where is the fantasy?! Just distribute it as a Torrent, have a QR or frequent Ads for the website in the top right corner for everyone that appreciates it. Have a short explanation at the start of the movie how this QR thingy works. For the paranoid people (you know, videos can be edited and QR's can be changed^^) .... offer a website to donate some mBTC, asking for the average ciname. ticket prce, if one liked it.
God damn,... whatever bitcoin related business or service I see... they all lack marketing (read: forget about he world outside) ...anyhow.
@_date: 2014-12-03 13:41:21
Sorry, I wasn't really expecting downvotes or people lacking to read and understand the content.
If you read again, slowly and aware of the single points I've made while I was expecting the ability to put this in a reasonable perspective on ones own...
What I wanted to say was: go there, explain (!) and show them an alternative, how it works and what they and their intended recipient have to have and to do (which, of course, includes recipients side to have/find/organize an local exchanger - or, for example, starting to work as exchange hub themselves for their area...)
After that and maybe some time, you COULD start to offer selling them those magical bean token stuff.
You obviously underestimate many peoples interests and abilities to find ways that work in their favour/saves them or their beloved ones some money.
So, which part of this seems like a mission impossible to you?
Be sure, if 100 people abroad sending money into a specific rural area - there will be at least one guy that has somehow the possibilities (knowledge, bank, internet) to act as an exchange hub for those recipients.
That is what I love so much in this subreddit - most people waiting for someone else to do start/something.
If I were there, I'd totally setup a table and a sign, educate and show them this alternative and what needs to be done to achieve this.
And by the way... every "StartUp" or whatever you want to call someone - was once a random guy selling stuff.
Please go and start thinking outside the box.
@_date: 2014-12-03 12:10:58
Time to open up your own business, I think :)
Take a table, make a sign "learn here about sending money worldwide for  up to 95% less fees than WU".
Create a small folder/brochure and explain them what they and their supposed receiver do need for that.
Buy BTC in an exchange and sell it with a maximum of 2-3% spread. Pretty sure it won't take more than 2-3 weeks until a huge percentage of them figured out how to use it (and also explain it to their supposed receivers).
@_date: 2014-05-30 00:03:28
Great! Maybe you could send me a PM if you know when you'll be there?
@_date: 2014-11-10 14:25:19
whoops! thanks, fixed!
@_date: 2014-07-23 16:01:44
Darf ich fragen, was genau Sie an der Kritik - von Herrn Alm - an den "Verursachern" dieser Schriftstücke kontraproduktiv finden?
Oder habe ich Sie missverstanden?
Das überhaupt endlich eine Diskussion auf dieser Ebene (!) stattfindet, ist bisher das produktivste, das AT in Sachen Bitcoin hervorgebracht hat*. Auch wenn es -gelinde ausgedrückt- Bullshit ist, was der Hr. Finanzminister da abgesondert hat.
(*Firmen / Produkte wie Megion/Mycelium aus Wien oder Confinity in Graz sind, in diesem politischen Zusammenhang natürlich ausgenommen.)
@_date: 2014-07-18 07:18:05
"lawless Eastern Europe"?
Could you please specify this, anyhow? 
@_date: 2014-12-03 11:46:38
Hey James,
I really want to say "Thank you" for all your efforts and outstanding videos!
You're really the one, thats abled to explain the most complicated stuff, in an easy way  to understand.
This is why I share your videos to my friends if I'm stuck somewhere while explaining vital and disruptive parts of this technology and its future.
So, for that, please enjoy a beer on me As for your question, I'm pretty sure you've already taken this into your presentation,
but I think it seems pretty obvious, that the use of bitcoins will probably get the most traction
from the adult entertainment branche first.
Starting from the huge markets of xxx-subscriptions or stuff like "Girls gone Bitcoin", online-poker/gambling to (sport)bets,
more and more people will learn how to properly handle bitcoins and recognize it's exceptional advantages over current payment methods.
And I guess the next step will be B2B transactions, to help companies saving a lot of money on international accounting, every day.
This will slowly lead to another level of usage or "being comfortable" on both sides, merchants/providers and customers.
And as far as I can say, this is also a great opportunity for creating new jobs.
For example, I'm currently trying to develop a "be a BitPay yourself-Kit" for everyone,
where you could easily serve the businesses of your families and friends as a private payment processor.
Not to mention all the opportunities for many thousands of people all over the world, starting to work/act as a exchange hub for remittances in their rural areas.
It's sheer impossible to imagine all the upcoming usecases and effects of such a disruptive technology.
Cheers and the best of luck :)
@_date: 2014-10-01 16:57:07
As Bobs usecases for BTC is very limited or maybe even nonexistent in his area, it's only purpose is to be exchanged to "whatever" and replenish his stock of "whatever" Aunty wants to exchange for.
If you think about what a local average income could be, lets say around 400 USD per month, I could imagine, Bob could live from the fees if he reaches around 20 to 30 customers that exchange on a regular base.
@_date: 2014-05-30 19:50:02
YOU ARE FREAKING AWESOME!
We have people from Australia, UK, Croatia and... for me the very best story so far:
Guys from Vienna, that heard about us from a friend in HONG KONG!
@_date: 2014-11-11 11:04:45
Coinbase: bankaccount only (AFAIK)
Circle: creditcard or bankaccount
In both cases you obviously hand out your full credentials to one of these companies, in one way or another.
Blockchain.info: in this case is a Web-Wallet-Service, not an Exchanger (read as "not a place to buy bitcoin")
So, they offer you to handle your Wallet online for you - versus using Electrum (on your own PC, having the solely and full control &amp; beeing responsible for its safety, backups, password etc).
If you are okay with the combined fees and exchangerates that circle and your creditcard involve - yes, it's probably the easiest and fastest way to buy BTC.
But before that, I'd recommend to fully understand how to use the securityfunctions of your Electrum Wallet.
Give it a try:
use this 1000 bits transfer it into your Electrum wallet, create a backup and play "desaster recovery", like if you'd have a compromised or completely crashed PC and need to restore your Wallet backup from the start.
PayPal: please google for "Bitcoin PayPal Chargeback" frauds.
You're welcome, report back how everything went or if you have further questions :)
@_date: 2014-05-29 23:28:37
Coinmap.org solved their issues, and now it's on the map :)
@_date: 2014-07-24 19:47:08
Maybe you missed the things that happened yesterday?
Parliamental Inquiry was published and messed up quite everything.
@_date: 2014-05-29 15:16:50
I am not sure about that.
For the moment / tomorrow, you could call this something like a Betatest.
If everything runs fine, we'll see about further options.
Maybe in the future, if you know someone that wants to setup an ATM there, we could get in touch. But of course I need to ask / we need to talk with the Bar owners before.
So long everyone can bring their Mycelium Wallet with the LocalTrader feature, for example.
I think would like to see that too? :)
@_date: 2014-10-25 16:26:48
Not sure what you mean with that?!
Limits aren't a good idea anyhow.
Think about someone that had a "1 hour travel", only to visit that ATM, just to find out he won't get any BTC because of a artificial limit.
@_date: 2014-06-06 19:55:26
Bitcoinist.net sent me the videofiles they've recorded while they were paying their bill at "Diesels Bar" in Vienna, last week.
As they haven't published it until now - I asked for permission to edit/publish it myself.
It just shows how simple and fast it is, to accept a BTC payment for an "EUR/USD/whatever" bill in a bar/restaurant/where ever you have to pay something.
Nearly as fast a cash - but still way faster than any kind of card.
I'll keep you posted.
@_date: 2014-10-25 10:39:46
Uhh... I don't get it. Haven't you seen
[Girls Gone Bitcoin](
I think, creating a portal/register that allows camgirls to advertise their shows while receiving the BTC directly from the viewer (to their own wallet) might be a pretty good idea...
@_date: 2014-10-15 00:05:12
do you think NYC is the middle of the world?
What about censoring every NY business/ customer from every other country outside of the world?
well... its somehow related, but in Austria (yeah, again, sadly,...) a minor club, financed by content distributors (like Warner, Sony etc...) , are going fulll retard by financing a private club, that is already abled to block legally IPs of torrent-providers like TPB and various others.
just want to let you know on which ways EU wants to get rid of free Internet..., human rights and stuff...
For more info look at 
tell them what they deserve.
@_date: 2014-09-30 23:54:53
Exactly. No one cares what it is called, as long as it is worth something.
If Joe sends "100" and the receiver can exchange "5" of it for 2hours of cellphone minutes/credits/balance, 5kg of potatoes or some clams, because the guy next town accepts this for a goat, pig or some grain,.. really. Do you care? Difference is made by the total receiving and the "flexibility" what to change BTC for. If you want to change 1 BTC for 150kg of potatoes - and your exchanger agrees - why not!?
Exchanger (Bob) just has to check if he got the 150kg Potatoes for around -2% (Fee) than he sells it.
Very simplified, but you know what I mean. Right?
@_date: 2014-12-18 12:55:32
So "soon" the answer to the question "which wallet shall I use on my mobile?" won't be any longer "on Android: Mycelium, on iOS somethingelsish" - but just "Mycelium!".
Best wishes and greetings from Vienna!
BTW, how is that Point of Sale thing doing? You know, there is a Bar around your corner that might like to test it, right? :)
@_date: 2014-05-31 11:34:11
Thanks again for being our Guest!
See you later :)
@_date: 2014-09-30 16:42:31
Thank you!
You're right, **IF** Bob is also "unbanked" that it is Bobs biggest challenge to replenish / rechange to the local currency.
But, **IF** Bob has any chance to get a bank account, he could use an exchange (that trades in his currency) as everybody else does.
[EDIT: that is what I meant, with it "find Bob". If Bob has (access to/knows how to use) a computer and Internet, the chances are good that he is already "banked", too.]
AFAIK, cellphone minutes are a widespread "currency" in some parts of Africa, so the step to do something with (or alike)  isn't very far.
Bob could also exchange Joes BTC to "minutes" and give it to Aunty then. He just needs to buy it for her.
Not sure what other ways there could be, in other countrys.
But I'm pretty sure, there will be solutions and more exchanges that convert BTC to every currency soon.
@_date: 2014-05-24 13:20:14
Not 100% sure, but I will try to get there.
Maybe it is a little too early for an announcement, **BUT it COULD (!) be**, that I get my favourite Beer &amp; Wine Bar to accept Bitcoins as a payment option in the next few days! Which would be the first of its kind in Vienna and around.
I don't wanna hijack this post, but as this has a very relation to Vienna, i'd like to ask here - if you would visit a very nice Bar that takes the experiment to accept Bitcoins.
Different Beers, great Wines (also selling selected Bottles to take home), tasty Snacks and nice People :)
Separated Areas for Smokers and Non-Smokers
The Bar is located very central and has a good connection to the public transportation system.
Maybe you could leave a short reply or upvote, if you would like to have a Bitcoin-Bar in Vienna.
If there is some demand, I will show your replys to the owners of the Bar and hope it will accelerate the proceedings of their decision.
Thank you!
@_date: 2014-10-01 15:13:12
Sure, the most ideal thing were if they could use the BTC directly. But as long as this isn't the case, what would be wrong with "banked Bob" converting back the received BTC into local currency, which he needs anyway to serve the old Aunties.?
As I said, he has everything he needs to do that. Only finding an Online-Exchange that deals (also) in his currency could be a problem, maybe. Worst case he could sell it for USD or EUR and converts them at his bank, but then he has further costs to calculate, which will most likely result in a higher fee for Aunty...
@_date: 2014-10-25 08:41:44
I had that idea a while ago.
But I think you underestimate the main costs for every ATM-Operator, which are usually
- regular maintenance &amp; support (take cash out, customer support/machine failure etc.)
- monthly rent for the public but secure space, where you place the ATM
- bookkeeping efforts (handling tax stuff etc)
- ...
And don't forget, an ATM isn't that cheap...
Calculate the monthly costs yourself and you will see that a ROI through Advertisements wouldn't only require a very public place for the ATM, a lot of visibility and also companys that pay an uncommonly high price per Ad.
Even if your customer takes part in a "survey", you usually won't get 3-5USD for that (from the advertising company).
All together it's very unlikely.
"Non-Profit" doesn't mean "we're ok with big monthly losses".
So, except you are/know someone that just doesn't care about money and just want to support Bitcoin adoption etc. at all costs, then you have to take a fee.
Sure, you could combine the Ads with a small fee like 2% or something, but it would still need to meet many other factors, to not work at a big loss every month.
@_date: 2014-10-25 16:08:50
If you have an Android Mobile, there is also another way:
- Download the "Mycelium" Wallet App in Android PlayStore
- find the "Buy/Sell Bitcoin" Button in that Wallet App
- tell the App where you are
This (called LocalTrader) shows you other Bitcoiners in your area that buy/sell BTC, in person, for cash.
So you can see where they like to meet or how far they are away from you. You can contact them directly from that Wallet App, tell them the amount you want to buy and then you will meet somewhere thats comfortable for both of you (Cafe, Trainstation, whatever).
Nothing else required.
But never ever use PayPal to buy/sell bitcoins, please :)
@_date: 2014-07-26 23:22:57
For Android: Mycelium!
For iOS: can't tell as i don't have one - but i heard/read a lot of good things from the Schildbach Wallet and Breadwallet too.
Just make sure they do a Backup!
@_date: 2014-12-03 20:24:29
after 2 more comments and a lot of downvoting,.. it seems, you're probably right :)
@_date: 2014-11-10 14:50:12
You're welcome.
There are some "throwaway"-mail providers but I wasn't in need of that lately.
Maybe someone else can chime in on that topic?
Do you live in a very rural area? Have you tried googling for bitcoin meet-ups at your next bigger town?
Aren't there any sellers on localbitcoins.com in your area? (you can check that without sign-up).
But whatever you do: in your own interest, NEVER use PayPal to buy or sell BTC, please :)
If you don't mind using your CC-data, circle.com is probably the easiest way (if it works from your country).
@_date: 2014-05-29 22:53:05
The final decision of the owners, to try out and accepting Bitcoin payments has just been made on Thursday afternoon (after some days of "convincing" and showing them how it works), so we call this Friday something like a Betatest.
If everything works fine, I am pretty sure they will add this to their Website and place a "Bitcoin accepted here"-sticker at the entrance.
@_date: 2015-01-16 13:44:33
yep, checked - but it shows "code" and not SR ;)
It's at around 1:08:30
Nicely faked, well done! :P
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:14:45
because this is, or should be, common sense already.
*excepts risk-aware traders^^ :P
@_date: 2015-01-10 01:01:53
no one said, nothing shady ever happened there.
But if you say / accuse, there was something shady, prove it.
Remember what BTC is / stands for? Or is it because you're heavily invested in some alt/shitcoin!?
just curious!
BTC-e could have run with aaaall that money. They had some problems (like every website worldwide, if you remember) with that remarkable useless SSL - they solved it.
After Kraken, they are my preferred exchange!
And you know why? Because they are shady as fuck, they earn milloins per day and they dont seem to be so stupid like Gox/Mark was.
They provide their service, as shady as you wnat you want to call them.
I never had problems with them.
Unlike Coinbase, and their perverted ToS, following every step you take with your bought coins! Go on, buy from coinbase! Now go play a 50cent game of satoshidice,... coinbase will rape your ass. you don't believe me? well, search this subreddit for evidences.
Feel free to do your own due dilligence, at least, thats what Bitcoin means!
Good night!
@_date: 2015-01-27 19:16:42
Many great charities in your list! Good work!
Just bookmarked, I will check out some of them later and spread some bits :)
@_date: 2015-01-05 09:25:55
What stops you from depositing/withdrawing your stuff after you are done with your trades? I mean, it's 3 clicks and approx. half an hour each way.
Get up, send coins in, have breakfast, start trading, if finished for the day withdraw, be safe.
If you're concerned about the daily/monthly limits, get a higher tier.
I thought, since Mt.Gox, everyone and his uncle should be aware of what could happen anytime, to every exchange (!=bank).
Best of luck, but don't cry if a majority of your funds are gone because of laziness.
@_date: 2015-01-01 19:31:04
I totally agree with you in terms of security and I do like the "like USB sticks"-comparison.
But sadly, average Joe and his Uncle usually don't care about open source etc - and, as already mentioned, they usually do have a device that has all capabilities to act as a wallet.
Besides development I think, services need to grow, where Joe can "grab" the convenience / gets the advantages presented right in the face.
I made a little concept a while ago, how services like Netflix could use Bitcoin to upgrade their subscriptionsystem for people that just don't want to have a monthly subscription, but instead want to consume a Movie/Episode/Season of something they like, by paying on demand.
Just like you do with your coffee. With so many content providers, offering different stuff all over the internet, there is no more reason for a customer to be tied to just one service with recurring fees.
Providers could just profit, if they would additionally offer casual customers a way to pay for just what they want, instead of a subscription.
Maybe register once (not even neccessary), sit back, browse content, scan QR to pay, enjoy.
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:41:18
do you really need an answer for that?
Or are you "around Bitcoin" for more than today!?
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:32:47
I follow that quite amusing trollbox nearly everyday... since ~ 1,5 years.
Please provide &amp; deliver evidence:
Everything ever said on btc-e trollbox should be archived here, AFAIK.
*disclaimer: im just a more or less regular customer of btc-e (and a lot of other exchanges), but i ask for proof of accusations.
Oh, and provide links to photoshopped images, pls.
And btw, as soon as Mods were "gone", everyone in the famous trollbox discussed EVERY crappy altcoin, just to let you know...
EDIT: spelling etc
@_date: 2014-05-12 14:31:47
Never had any problems with them.
SEPA in &amp; out works like a charm, except if Fidor has any problems with its Database. But that was solved in 2 businessdays.
Tip: never deposit or withdraw the exact same amount of fiat than you did the last time! Means: if you want to deposit or withdraw 5000€ in two steps, make sure you do it 2400€ and 2600€ and not 2x 2500€ as Fidor gets confused anyhow by that, sometimes... *rolleyes*...
@_date: 2015-01-02 12:28:18
I'd browse those links, in that order, before making any decision on how to move further:
This way you could get an overview in about 5 minutes, how the chances are to find a spot as close as possible to your current location and act accordingly.
Like, for example call the nearest BTC accepting shop if they can/would sell you some right now, hurry to the next BTM or send a message to someone that sells on Myceliums LocalTrader or LBC.
Even without this quite unrealistic 1 hour scenario, it would be mostly the way I'd go, if I needed to change papermoney into BTC in a timely manner.
EDIT: (in a foreign city)
@_date: 2014-12-05 08:05:46
Do you think it's my job to spoonfeed or do the math for you!? Really!?
I repeat, I've already written down the most important steps to take and what would be necessary on each end.
How did you even got here, if you can't connect some implications and tasks necessary to achieve something like above!?
Please don't answer.
@_date: 2015-01-12 15:21:33
I had some ideas a while ago, and posted [this] 
where i was thinking about the "last mile" on remittances.
Well, we do know Ronald is a clever guy, he has a Computer and a Networkconnection.
There must be a way to get him a local bankingaccount (if he doesn't have one already).
Question here is - what could possibly stop him (except his studies and time) to start and act as a exchanger and even educate &amp; employ people next to a WU office?
@_date: 2014-12-05 15:35:10
This market will disrupt itself. This doesn't even need VC or a company behind that. God, did you even read?
All it needs is ONE guy, banked, with internet access and taught about how to handle Bitcoin (and an onlineexchange to have the BTC-Fiat cycle going) - in the same village where the WU office is.
Even if it is a total fee of 4% (2% for each side: BTC seller and buyer) the recipients get out a lot better (calculate like 20 transactions per year!).
Also the recipients wouldn't care, where they get their Fiat from! It doesn't matter in front of which "office" they stand in line to pick up their money, or in this case: exchange the directly received BTC at a local exchanger - with a better outcome.
So hard to understand? There is nothing missing - except people going that route (to educate others) whenever they see such a line in front of an WU office.
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:09:10
Just do it! They'll negotiate something out, I guess :)
@_date: 2015-01-01 19:10:38
There are some nice things in development, like:
But I think the main problems (for another few years) will be the "long battery life" and to get this done for ~20$/piece, unless you can produce a minimum of 100k pieces.
While a card is a nice thing, also many people don't like to carry around more "devices"...
So this additional device would have to be very much superior vs. the smartphone for average Joe, to even want to buy it, because he already has a smartphone.
That's why I think, development of secure and convenient Apps for smartphones (and services for users of featurephones!) can/would do more for wider adoption.
@_date: 2015-01-05 09:54:24
Sure, you might miss some opportunities that could appear in the morning or at night.
Well, if you're aware on that special risk - and could honestly live with the consequences, it's okay I guess.
Most can't, cry and yell after they've lost something, even it's their own damn fault, that could've been avoided so easily.
This might be the "no risk, no fun" part of trading, I'd say ;)
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:19:42
if you don't keep your precious stuff on an exchange, you don't have to care who runs it.
Buy/Sell and withdraw - thanks for the service!
If it workedfor me, I'll come again - if not, FU.
@_date: 2015-01-28 12:34:26
So, basically this explains why Steam/Valve isn't yet supporting Bitcoin... right?
Maybe it's time someone should tell Gabe, that his former finance/economics guy was misinformed about Bitcoin which could have led to wrong decisions?
@_date: 2014-10-01 16:03:45
Same here, Austria.
@_date: 2015-05-31 17:55:42
I've traded a lot on Myceliums LocalTrader and never had a problem with anyone.
So, in case someone "nearby" offers a acceptable exchangerate, just drop him a message and ask him if he wants to sell you some and where he'd like to meet.
As on every person 2 person exchange, keep some things in mind.
Maybe try not to buy for "thousands of dollars" of cash at the first meeting.
Meet at a public place, like a Starbucks, a Mall or something. If you don't feel comfortable, ask a friend to go with you.
Maybe you try to play a transaction with another mobile or a friend, so you're not completely clueless how the part of exchanging works.
Just do it - I also found some nice people to talk to this way.
@_date: 2015-03-31 20:43:33
"Breaking Bad" converted to this story could be named "Crunching Numbers" ... :P
@_date: 2015-02-07 12:25:19
Well, there are some theories around...
It goes from:
"Satoshi is already dead, so nothing will ever happen with this coins"
to "he destroyed the private keys, so nothing will ever happen with this coins"
over to "if things evolve/escalate, he'll be sending his (well known) stash to 1BitcoinEaterAddressDontSendf59kuE with a signed message to save his baby and remove this "issue" "...
Nobody can tell... we' ll see, I guess :)
@_date: 2015-02-07 19:59:53
Wouldn't an announcement plus a signed verifyable confirmation, that they are all destroyed and/or unaccessible for ever cause the exact opposite due to more scarcity (read: only ~19.9 million available BTC ever existing, instead of 21 million)?
@_date: 2015-02-07 20:34:35
Yes, that's what I've meant.
Certainity would be really good, in many ways (one is, that the speculation about what would/could happen and the "freaking rich guy in 2033"-theory...)
I guess, if there is any provable confirmation this coins will/can never ever move again - that would be "actually good news" :)
@_date: 2015-02-01 16:23:46
Which one?
If you mean McDonalds: I highly doubt that it will be Bitcoin related (even if I'd like that very much).
They had "pay with a smile" campaign some time ago and I think this is what it the teaser was about. 
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:21:37
....... "Posted on February 15, **2014** by yanisv" ...