@_author: blue_velv3t
@_date: 2017-12-20 09:59:38
Actually, money deflation *favours* the wealthy, the "crony capitalists" and "elite". Thats the reason this sub is full of "where-to-put-my-money-so-i-can-get-riskfree-returns" people.
Inflation *devalues* existing capital-imbalances. To replace USD by a deflationary token would absolutely shred everyone not already at the top.
IMHO, whoever pushes Bitcoin by an "anti-elite" sentiment, is macro-economically unsavy or dishonest.
@_date: 2017-12-19 09:42:54
Good laugh .... if you've never heard of "[real wages](
TLDR: Today a US worker has exactly the same buying power as 50 years ago. The buying power of a USD "token" went down in a controlled and predictable manner. In the same predictable and steady manner the wages grew.
OTOH, if you're hoarding lots of USD tokens, sure, they will get devalued over time. For the society as a whole, this is a feature, bot a bug: If you're investing your USD in other peoples' endeavours, be it stocks, businesses, mutual funds etc., you can follow the market and keep your savings save from inflation.
As a society, we want to discourage rich people from keeping their wealth out of the economy, since this makes loans for entrepreneurs, home-builders, family-starters etc a lot costlier.
In the worst case, the general currency is deflationary, i.e. increasing in buying power, so everyone will start to hoard and delay all but the most necessary expenses (sounds familiar, BTC holders?). People can't find jobs, since firms expect their labour will go down in price. This hits the poorest the hardest, since they can't delay their necessary expenses untill they find work: They have to eat or must starve.
If you want to know what nationwide deflation (TO THE MOON, BOYS!) looks like:
[Great Depression](
In a subcommunity of selfish semi-rich, escaping the inflation sounds like a good idea. But please understand that we, as a society don't look too kind on you. The same sentiment is going on forever in the collectible/arts markets and they have never drawn a dangerous sum out of the economy. If BTC threatens to do this, be sure, that the 99% of non-rich will make your life hell.
@_date: 2017-12-20 09:49:03
Not sure, what crusade you are on. I think I described a central sentiment of US fiscal policy of the last 8 decades. If you want to classify that as 'communist', go ahead, but I beg to disagree.
@_date: 2018-03-07 15:04:37
You must be new to the crypto space....
@_date: 2018-02-28 10:15:55
It's good taste to name your source when you quote texts verbatim...
On the other hand, we don't need reddit flocking over there, so I can kind of understand.