@_author: bluedepth
@_date: 2015-01-16 21:37:02
GPG with dud email ID's over BitMessage? Where's the endpoints? Does anyone know? Also, what's in the message, anyone know that? :)
@_date: 2015-01-14 12:07:24
I see the volatility and I feel so cheated. Then I realize I've got $10 in the game and the rest is faucet, and the $10 was found money anyhow, so that cheated feeling sort of floats away. It's like watching someone watching someone watch a roller coaster video on youtube. :)
@_date: 2015-04-17 14:59:07
Laziness just saved me a whole lot of aggravation. Yay for laziness!
@_date: 2015-03-31 17:46:52
Whenever I talk bitcoin the responses are always in certain categories: 1) Confusion about why it's important 2) Resistance that you can't actually place your hands on an actual bitcoin 3) Assumption that some filthy rich interloper will corner the currency and pump and dump it to death, even for a huge loss, just for the joy of killing it. 
Then when I bring up certain economic ideas, like the fixed total of bitcoins in existence vs. gold in meteorites falling out of the sky I get eye-rolls. When I talk about the impossibility of quantitative easing I get more eye-rolls. The only angle that seems to work is the permanent liquidity of bitcoin, but then that just segues into "it's just currency for criminals and money launderers"
In the end I feel like I'm the only person in the room because I can't really identify one single way I could use any of the bitcoin I own. I can't buy a soda with it, I can't pay my mortgage, all I can really do is squirrel it away. In the end I admit that it's just a geeky way to waste time and I only do that because I know any further discussion won't amount to anything at all. Best to just laugh it off and talk about sports or beer or politics. :/
@_date: 2015-03-08 16:01:46
I would love Bitcoin to move into small purchase spaces like vending machines and ATM's. If there was a easy way for me to move fiat into BTC, and ways to spend it, it would take off no matter the variability. 
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:50:19
I'm dabbling myself, started with $10USD in Bitcoin at $330/BTC. Then it went down to $270/BTC. It was just $10, so eh, whatever. But then I bought another $100 at $270/BTC and then $28 at $265/BTC. I figure it's a side-bet against the petrodollar collapsing, as well as a good place to put value that's really different and way more secure. Now I'm rather firmly in the camp of "Holding On for Dear Life" and "Buying more BTC in small bits because why not?" I admit that it's not a well thought out investment strategy, but then again, it seems that the US Dollar isn't either. ;) 
@_date: 2015-03-25 19:38:54
I don't keep any of my coin in any particular online service. That's why I printed doge, lite, and btc wallets. I ran into a problem with cryptonator when I first started with cryptocurrencies. When I took a step back and realized that I had my money entrusted with strangers websites and how that made me feel uncomfortable I immediately looked at PRNG, TRNG, Hexdice and then GitHub web projects that could enable me to not only make my own printed paper wallets but also help me explore multisig wallets as well. Whenever I engage with an exchange, so far Expresscoin, localbitcoin contacts, and most recently coinbase I make it a top priority to evacuate all my coin to either addresses in an SPV wallet, a core wallet, or my paper wallets. Every time I read a reddit story about some poor guy that lost all his coins I create new paper wallets and move all my coins, sweeping them frequently. Is it paranoid? Yeah. Are we talking a lot of money? No. But it is very satisfying in a very geeky way and each time I learn something new.
@_date: 2015-03-16 18:06:11
I downloaded it from the git repo, turn off airport and do what I need to do, usually ending up with my wallet as a PDF on my desktop, then quit the browser, connect to the network and print out the wallet. I'm quite happy with the simple way the wallet is formatted. 
@_date: 2015-03-13 19:57:58
Bravo! It's volatile, risky, but damn is it liberating. One of the selling points that I use when trying to sell the idea of Bitcoin is freedom from the government, including garnishments and forfeiture. In some of these small towns where the police are pulling people over and engaging in profit-taking via civil forfeiture, something like a high-entropy/easily memorable brain wallet cannot be beat. You still have your money and nobody can take it away from you and there is nothing physical to steal. Just a phrase in your head, where your money is. That's what makes me the most excited about Bitcoin. That and micropayments, but that's another thing completely. :)
@_date: 2015-03-03 20:57:52
Use a laser cutter to cut away the private key symbols out of a plate of the highest quality stainless steel you can get your hands on, then encase the plate in a plastic box filled with mineral oil and painted black all around. That would eliminate light, oxidation, and losing characters from corrosion. Problem is, the more you try to secure it, the more expensive and elaborate it has to be to resist the flow of time. 