@_author: bluestonealpha
@_date: 2018-01-14 04:03:02
With as shitty as their dev team seems to be with all the error messages and the fucked up registration process, I would just go on to another exchange if I were you. Hit Coinbase, buy bitcoin, move that bitcoin to GDAX (Coinbase's exchange) and then send it to Bittrex/Binance whatever for no fees. It's more of a round about way, but it's a million times better than waiting on Kraken's garbage ass site to let you in.
Edit: Forgot to mention ... with the reputation and shitty nature of Kraken's site, ask yourself how comfortable you are trusting them with your money. Just imagine when your coin(s) moon and you want to cash them out and you go to log into Kraken and they're site doesn't allow you to login because they can't service more than 5 goddamn people at once without their hosting taking a shit all over itself. And boom, you miss out on your profits. Not I.
@_date: 2018-01-14 03:58:41
This feature is still disabled for me. At this point, I'm done. My experience and impression of their site when I first registered about 2 months ago is the worst I have had, not only in the crypto space, but with any website in general. This is not a place I want to store my assets in any way, shape, or form. 
Sorry if I sound bitter or preachy, but jesus christ ... any respectable development team can keep a fucking website running without **constant** errors. Kraken support is abysmal, requesting users to open tickets and then offering a response identical to what they have already posted on Twitter. If you can't do something as simple as streamline your registration process, you don't deserve anyone's business. 
I apologize for my rant, but Kraken has gotten under my skin and it's sort of built up enough that I felt the need to throw my opinion in the ring. Take from it what you will. Downvote if you want. 
Fuck Kraken. Fuck it so much.
@_date: 2018-01-14 04:06:27
Long enough for you to miss out on buying some alts before they start climbing. Use another exchange. Seriously. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:04:26
Seems like they gave all their employees and insiders just enough time to sell off at 8k and then locked it down for everyone else to dump and now price is magically back down to 3k. Hmm.
@_date: 2018-02-06 05:20:23
The only two I know of that have direct fiat deposits is kraken and coinbase. You have to wire money physically from your bank to Kraken. Not sure why coinbase would be giving you issues. Anyway, it looks like we have a while to go still on this correction, so I hope you're able to get verified in time. I gave up on kraken. Their site made me nervous anyway. 