@_author: bnoaht
@_date: 2018-01-13 23:44:18
I had some, not even on a lost hd. I tried to transfer from coinbase to an offline wallet and did it wrong or something. Transaction confirmed. No idea how to recover.
@_date: 2018-04-15 22:38:54
Well, you are playing a different game than the one actually going on apparently.
@_date: 2018-04-15 15:55:25
It's not pretend.
Money is just the way we buy and sell time. That's it. People just don't understand this.
You could make your own bigmac, but it is more efficient for you to pay $5 for it rather than buying the supplies, learning how to make it exactly how they do etc...So you sell Your time in order to buy someone else's time to make you a bigmac (the farmers time for the meat, the factory worker for stove etc...) Your boss buys 15 minutes of your life. You perform a task and he pays you your worth. He sells your time for more time. And it goes on and on.
Money is simply how we keep track of that time. It's not pretend. Paper And coins were just the easiest way to transport this. Now digital is easiest.
@_date: 2018-04-15 17:59:09
It doesn't matter. Whenever you are paying for ANYTHING in the whole world, you are paying for the time of the people that perform or create the thing you are paying for.
Whether or not you can do everything is irrelevant. You exchange the money you earned, stole, inherited, for goods and services. And those goods and services are time other people use to acquire you money, to buy other peoples time in the form of other goods and services. Money is simply the score card for everyone's time. The more money you have, the more time you have earned to not only buy other people's time, but to spend less time doing things other people can do more efficient than you. You can also steal time (slavery) and acquire wealth that way.
@_date: 2018-04-15 22:48:41
Yeah that is a good one to consider. It depends who you bought it from and the condition of the property. A property with a house and land took "time" to develop. If it is raw land, it took time to be acquired and deeded. And time to be held by the previous owners. They had to spend their time to earn money to pay the taxes to keep the land. Which is why you don't actually own land in the US anyway.
Currently when you purchase property you have to pay property tax on it FOREVER, and if you do not, the government takes it away and sells it to someone else. So you are just renting it from the government. (this is in the US, I am unsure about other countries).
But assuming we started over brand new and no one owned any land. You wouldn't buy it, you would just claim it. Which would take time and probably force, because people would fight for the best land (waterfront property etc...).