@_author: boardatwork1111
@_date: 2017-12-28 20:20:52
It isn't some grand fraud scheme to create fake money, banks can't create money from thin air; they will be found out when the borrower asks for it. The loans have to be funded from the bank's equity or borrowing. Part of that borrowed money can be money that a bank loaned out to someone else, which is how money is created in a fractional reserve banking system. It's still very different from banks creating money at will.
Right now banks loan by issuing credit and then acquire reserves later if they need them. The central bank has to provide the reserves necessary in order to maintain its rate target and to maintain the interbank payment system. Changing the reserve requirement to 100% doesn't change this arrangement it just increases the cost of loans, it would be and unnecessary cost to investment and be harmful to the economy. Furthermore if you try to remove banks ability to create credit you just see the continued rise of non-bank banks like the ones we already have, adding even more stability and volatility to the economy.
Just because monetary economics is abstract and you don't understand it, doesn't mean it is some grand conspiracy. Also I'd love to hear how how money created by banks is any less "real" than an internet currency.
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:10:39
Ok for the most part this video is conspiratorial bullshit. The Federal Reserve isn't a Rothschild conspiracy to steal money from American's, it actually plays a vital role in our economic stability. 
The Fed, like all central banks is used to is to ensure high employment, price stability, and economic growth through the use of monetary policy. This includes tools such as setting interest rates and controlling the money supply. The Fed also is used to maintain a steady level of inflation, while on the surface this may appear like a scam since the value of the dollar declines, it is essential to economic growth by encouraging consumption. Without consumption businesses fail due lack of revenue leading to increasing unemployment (this is also the reason deflation is actually bad for the economy).
Having a central bank also mitigates the frequency and damage of a financial crisis. Before central banks bank runs were a common occurrence during recessions and would lead many banks to default, causing their clients to go bankrupt. The role of lender of last resort that central banks carry is essential in ensuring that people wont lose their savings overnight in the event of a crisis. Before we had the Fed, Americans would see a severe recession several times a decade. Take the 1890's for example where there were 4 major recessions with all 4 having over a 15% decline in business activity, and 3 of the 4 having well over a 20% decline. The Great Recession by comparison saw only a 5% decline.
Now for the Fed not technically being a government agency, this is intentionally designed to prevent political interference. Fed policy affects the entire American economy and one bad decision could see million's of American's becoming unemployed, the last thing we'd want is politics getting in the way of proper economic decision making. Even with this though it is entirely misleading to claim the Fed is a private entity, the Fed's governing body, the Board of Governors, and it's chairman are all appointed by the president and confirmed by the senate. The Fed is also actively reviewed by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and independently audited by the Office of Inspector General (OIG) which is released to both congress and the public. On top of all of this the Fed's balance sheet is released every week and their financial statements are audited annually by and outside independent auditor.
TL;DR: conspiracy video doesn't understand what the Fed actually is or monetary economics.
@_date: 2017-12-28 02:28:10
How are you supposed to work for that deflating currency if nobody buys your product? When a currency is deflating aggregate demand declines. Without demand companies fail and unemployment skyrockets, this is literally what happened during the Great Depression. 
You say Bitcoin is an example of people spending deflationary currency, but why does HODL culture exist? Why do people treat it more like an asset than a day to day currency? The fact of the matter is people care most about what they can buy in the future with bitcoin and waiting for the price to keep rising, this is exactly what economist are talking about when they say deflation is bad for the economy. Here's the thing about inflation, while the value of a currency may slowly decline, income *rises* with it. So long as real income isn't declining, nobody is actually losing any value.
As for the Fed's audits, and independent auditor is the one analyzing their finances alone with an entire government agency, what more do you want? If Fed secretly created billions of dollars and gave it to someone else, do you seriously believe this would go unnoticed? You do realize there isn't someone with a computer that can just type a number and magically create as much money as they want. Amounts of that size would cause massive fluctuations in the market, this isn't propaganda this is basic economics.
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:31:14
Explain how the hell Bitcoin isn't a textbook example of a bubble?
@_date: 2017-12-28 07:12:38
People can't buy what they need if they have no money. Deflation causes massive increases in the value in debt and when income declines due to prices lowering businesses go bankrupt. This isn't just theory, this is exactly what happened during the Great Depression and it lead to a 25% of the country being unemployed. That "crap" that people buy is the reason millions of people aren't starving to death like they were in the 1930's.   
@_date: 2017-12-23 18:01:59
First off inflation is necessary for economic growth. Economies are driven by consumption, a steady decline in a currencies value encourages people to by goods sooner rather than later. Society is ok with this erosion of purchasing power because income rises with this decline in value. On the flip side, a currency with steady deflation would be catastrophic for an economy, when currencies gain value over time what incentive is there for anyone to buy anything today when they could buy even more of it tomorrow for the same price? (think the HODL culture of Bitcoin) What ends up happening is consumption grinds to a halt. While it may seem giving people more value for their savings over time is a good thing, the reality is business fail due to revenues plummeting which leads to massive unemployment only further exacerbating the consumption problem, this is precisely what happened during the Great Depression. As for the claim that Bitcoin is more sound than fiat currencies, you said yourself there is no obligation to settle debts, how the hell is a financial system supposed to function without trust  that debts will be repaid? Why would anybody give out any loans if their debtors could just take the money and run? Bitcoin is in truth a terrible currency, it is worthless as a medium of exchange (this again is evident by HODL culture) no body uses Bitcoin for day to day transactions. On top of this it is also a awful store of value, the massive price swings that Bitcoin has isn't a sign of its strength, it's a sign of its weakness and volatility, nobody would feel comfortable holding their life savings in Bitcoin over the Dollar. If Bitcoin was really a better currency than the Dollar, no body would care about how many Dollars they could get if they cashed out their holdings. Bitcoin if anything is much more an asset than a currency. Now for Bitcoin being a bubble, do you seriously believe the near exponential growth in it's price is from people suddenly within the last month and a half seeing the usefulness of block chain tech after all the years it has been around? The truth is the price rise is due to speculation and the popularity this speculation brought has drawn more and more people to purchase bitcoin further driving up the price, there is a reason people have called Bitcoin a ponzi scheme. No asset's price has risen indefinitely and Bitcoin wont be any different.
@_date: 2017-12-22 03:56:04
He's not wrong.
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:26:27
The one thing that I would *almost* agree with was the one point people with bad credit getting mortgages and other loans. However it got the cause's of this completely wrong, before the housing bubble most bankers didn't even use the Fed as a regulatory agency. Thanks to deregulation many lenders could just changed articles of their charter so they would instead be regulated by less strict agencies. On top of this the majority of bad loans that were given out weren't even from banks but rather independent non-depository lending agencies which weren't supervised by the Fed.
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:39:46
That's just flat false. Bank runs leading to bank failure were one of the biggest causes of recessions before the Fed, any economic historian worth a damn would tell you this. Bank failure is catastrophic for the economy, and even more so for those holding accounts in said banks. 
Reserve requirements are adjusted to best fit the economic situation at the time. The reason reserve requirements are low is so that banks have the capital to meet the demand for loans. If they were too high our economy would be drastically slowed down leading to a recession. 
When we bailed out the banks they didn't simply steal taxpayer money. The reality is that not only did the banks pay back the taxpayers, we actually made **profit** off the bailout. It's a fact that is always conveniently left out when discussing bailing out the banks. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 01:05:59
Two of the biggest bitcoin exchanges had their servers crash due to the influx of new accounts and people selling once it topped 10k and this is actually a pretty big problem for bitcoin. The reality is bitcoin price is based purely on speculation, it isn't based on a tangible asset and has little practical value as the number firms or banks that use bitcoin as a medium for exchange is very small (there are a number of reasons for why this is and other problems that this creates but that deserves an entire post of its own), because of this the value of bitcoin is entirely based on people predicting that its value will increase (hence why actual economists and investors say it is a bubble) the price continues to rise due to the increasing popularity of bitcoin itself. Back to bitcoins exchange problem, once the number of new bitcoin buyers begins to decrease the price will begin to plateau owners will start selling once this happens the value will begin to drop, and as we saw earlier today, when a large number of people try to exchange to dollars the servers crash which leads bitcoins value to drop even faster. On top of this it is unlikely bitcoin exchanges have the capital to handle a large number of people exchanging due to the very significant rise in bitcoins value. Remember just because bitcoins price is rising there is no guarantee you will actually get any money from an exchange as they are not backed by any government in the event of a liquidity crisis. This is comparable to a bank having near its entire client base withdrawing their entire savings accounts at once, no bank keeps enough money in reserves to be able to handle this as they use that money to create loans. End of the day if you're heavily invested in bitcoin pick a set price to sell at and stick to it, bitcoin can crash at any day and once that hits you'll be stuck like the vast majority of owners and end up losing all you had.
@_date: 2017-11-30 12:18:51
Sorry facts are "inconvenient"