@_author: boatyboatmcboatface
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:40:41
There are plenty of miners to take the place of Chinese controlled miners.  For instance, HIVE Blockchain Technologies (HIVE) out of Vancouver, Canada owns state-of-the-art GPU-based digital currency mining facilities in Iceland, which produce mined digital currency around the clock, and is in the midst of a major expansion of operations into Sweden after receiving an infusion of $115 million dollars of additional capital from Genesis Mining.  HIVE trades over the counter in New York in the OTC pink sheets under the symbol PRELF, for about $2.75 a share.
@_date: 2017-12-24 15:16:07
Yes.  You can offset your capital gains with your capital losses, even if those come from sales of other cryptos or stocks.  If, however, your losses exceed your gains and you want to carryover the losses to the next year's tax return, better talk to a tax professional.
@_date: 2018-08-18 03:17:55
I also think its because of the publicity around the new ETN.  But at least GBTC holds physical bitcoin.  The ETN doesn't.  They're backed by a bank, but its still just speculating on cash settled investments, just like current futures trading.  I think when bitcoin begins a serious price appreciation people will trust GBTC more because of actual ownership of bitcoins by the trust.  I guess we're going to find out.
@_date: 2018-08-25 13:00:37
The price is likely to plummet if there's a November split.
@_date: 2018-08-18 03:23:31
Agreed.  Huge numbers of people want to own GBTC in their brokerage accounts and retirement accounts.  And you also get favorable capital gains treatment as if it were stock upon sale, not taxed like property at ordinary income rates when kept in a wallet.  So that can make a huge difference come tax time, at least in the United States.  Also, the IRS seems more interested in exchange held coins and unreported coin trading than in the more typical GBTC investor that buys and holds in a brokerage, so less chance of audit.
@_date: 2017-08-30 00:44:54
Well,  the trust takes a 2% annual fee, but so do mutual funds and other investment vehicles.  They also earn money.  For instance, this year the bitcoin cash shares earned by the trust will be sold, fees paid, and the proceeds distributed to trust holders.  This may be repeated in other forks.  The 2% fee pales in comparison to hundred percent growth.
@_date: 2017-08-30 00:49:02
The GBTC trust will sell the bitcoin cash shares for the best price available and they will be distributed to the trust holders, so it isn't really accurate to say trust holders don't own bitcoin cash in any way shape or form.  Trusts serve a purpose and have since the days of old England.  Technically a trust owns its assets.  There is usually a sound reason for that.  But the trust acts on behalf of the beneficiaries.  People who use trusts understand their benefits.
@_date: 2017-08-31 21:03:44
There are substantial tax advantages.  Many IRA, Roth and Mutuals are barred from investing outside pre-determined parameters.  They can buy listed shares.  That represents enormous volumes of retirement funds.  A lot of people lose coins in wallets and that can't happen in a brokerage account.  And perhaps most importantly, the fiction that is untraceable, anonymous bitcoin ownership has been completely turned on its head by the IRS, which can track down every cent, back to every investor; and so can foreign governments.  It is much easier for foreign money to invest anonymously through lawyers and investment advisors in U.S. listed OTC stocks.  There is a world of money out there.  A lot of volume in GBTC proves the advantages of the bitcoin trust.  My personal opinion is that the price of bitcoin will rise and overtake the premium paid today for GBTC, which is a forward indicator with proven reliability.
@_date: 2017-08-30 00:40:52
The trust shares were 832 at the closing bell.  4630 btc.  Approx 1/10th shares.  4630 divided by 8320 equals a 44.4% premium.  GBTC is usually at a 41% premium to bitcoin but it fluctuates day to day.  People who don't understand the many advantages of the stock exchange listed trust shares often dismiss it as overpriced.  But GBTC has an uncanny way of predicting where bitcoin will soon be.  These are mostly wealthy investors who want to own in their brokerage accounts and are holding long term.  Capital gains are professionally calculated for the tax professionals at year end.  And the increase in share value has caused portfolios to explode in upward momentum.  The best performing ETF was AARK which reached the top spot in a very competitive exchange traded fund lineup because it was the first fund to directly invest in bitcoin, which it did thru GBTC.  Snark all you want about "holding the key", GBTC trust shares are in deep double cold storage and encrypted; they're safe and the process is being patented.  Can't be lost, can't be stolen.  Already being purchased quietly by institutional investors, central banks and foreign "governments".  The premium represents the security, the transparency, the stock exchange oversight, instant trading and the ability to show your banker your brokerage statement when calculating your net worth for banking purposes.  Its not for everybody.  But if you want to know where a Goldman Sachs trader likely holds his private personal bitcoin holdings, the answer is often GBTC.  
@_date: 2017-08-28 16:34:26
Russians.  They don't want the Chinese to have all the miners, so they throw resources behind state sponsored bitcoin mining.  They talk about how much they believe in cryptocurrencies.  They bring out plans for a Russian coin that they will allow their citizens to use and invest in. Then they decide that common citizens shouldn't invest in any other cryptocurrencies.  Unless you're a government approved investor.  And then you can.  So the circle is complete.  Russian cronies will mine and own bitcoin.  Russian people will only get the russkiecoin.  Bitcoin exchanges will be monitored.  Got it.
@_date: 2017-08-26 15:12:56
Don't listen to people complaining about the illegality or immorality of tax laws.  These are literally children who don't understand the implications of tax evasion.  Since you are an EU citizen you are probably subject to the tax laws of the country you reside in; that may change if you reside in a different country than your citizenship.  You definitely need to consult a tax professional.  If you have already sold that bitcoin those transactions will likely need to be accounted for this year.  The good news is that you have been quite fortunate, and like other financially fortunate men this year, you will pay whatever tax is owing and enjoy the rest of your money.  Tax evasion is criminal activity and not worth the price.  Moral arguments by tax evaders are the shallow manifestos of simpletons.  The world is full of wealthy men.  We pay our taxes.  Our tax men understand how to maximize our deductions.  But the wealthy still pay large, personal tax bills.  Its part of the responsibility of wealth.  There are others.  Large homes require maintenance and payment of property taxes.  Financial professionals like tax lawyers cost you money.  Just suck it up and do it legal.  Bitcoin isn't a magic ticket to tax evasion.  People who think it is are fools.  Right now on Cointelegraph is an article about IRS algorithms in place to identify all sellers of bitcoin who fail to report their gains.  EU member countries also know how to identify tax cheats.  Be smart.
@_date: 2017-08-30 01:05:04
I trust the guy.
@_date: 2017-08-26 09:08:26
Please.  Gentlemen.  Nobody believes Barry Silbert and DCG are mafia enforcers.  The word "threatening" is subject to interpretation.  Much of competitive business is threatening.  Re: the NYA and the current disagreement over 2x some people may feel pressure.  Certain players hammering out agreements in a hotel room may have ruffled feathers.  The entire BCH fork and mining practices are also causing pressure; but pressure is part of business.  This little twitter fight is just raw nerves.  Anonymity has drawbacks.  Nobody has to believe an anonymous source with explosive claims of "proof".  Proof of what?  That Silbert or DCG were twisting arms to get people onboard NYA?  Its all much ado about nothing.  Business is rough and tumble. Businessmen lay their reputations on the line with every move they make.   Silbert asked for proof and a retraction over these claims he threatened businesses that wouldn't get onboard with NYA.  No proof was forthcoming.  Put it to bed.  The future of bitcoin requires all competent heads to be alert and clear headed.  Twitter in business can be a curse, that's for damn sure. 
@_date: 2017-08-28 08:52:10
First, I'd go to Cointelegraph.com, click Guides and Analytics, click Price index, and click Bitcoin; this gives a great aggregate price and a good chart and you can bookmark the page.
Then, I go to BitcoinWisdom's most excellent black graph with candles.  You can check prices around the world by clicking on coinbase, bitstamp and bitfinex.
@_date: 2017-08-25 14:13:10
Generally speaking, free advice is worth what you pay for it.  There is never a shortage of people willing to tell you what to do with your money.  Here's my 2 cents.  Don't tell people you have bitcoin.  Problem solved.  You don't run around work and family telling everybody your salary, bonus and stock portfolio details.  Stop telling people you own bitcoin.  Your money is nobody's business but your own, and maybe your tax man.  
And regarding the best time to sell some or all of your bitcoin, I think its prudent to cash out when the time comes to purchase your permanent home.  For so many families a real home is the center of the universe, a place to raise your kids.  If you can leverage bitcoin into a home then nobody will ever question the wisdom of that decision.  
@_date: 2017-11-11 14:57:22
I agree.  A lot of experienced, big investors who know that CME futures trading can swing prices downward. The big boys try to drive the prices down before they swoop in to buy long positions.  Soon bitcoin is going to feel the pressure of being shorted.  I think certain investors are cashing out before the storm.
@_date: 2017-11-17 20:30:37
Tell your wife about the bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-11-20 22:39:49
Five fold in 45 years.
@_date: 2018-11-07 04:30:46
Retail buyers are waiting for their free coins, then, unwilling to wait out the fight, plan to sell them all.  The question isn't which bcash fork will hold the most value.  The question is whether either bcash fork will hold value after they both sell off.  Investing in the run-up is fun.  But holding the bag when they plummet is not fun.
@_date: 2018-03-26 21:04:55
A lot of money was chasing the stock market today.  The Dow closed up 669 points.  It was just a lot more exciting than the crypto market.  And the Twitter and Facebook crypto ad bans didn't help.  Markets are fickle.  There are a lot of places to invest money.  People want a winner.  The media's fear uncertainty and doubt about bitcoin is published daily.  We're in a price slump.  And people are worried about losing their money.  Bitcoin is still amazing.  Segwit.  Lightning.  Cheap transactions.  A committed Core.  But good public relations?  We don't have that, and we need it.
@_date: 2018-03-26 14:57:18
I'm of the opinion that wallet to wallet small transfers are the least likely to attract attention in accumulated metadata.  Profligate activity buying and/or selling on an exchange is more likely to be discoverable.  Attachment is usually not the problem.  Once the IRS suspects you they audit and ask you direct questions under oath.  Although we now know the NSA has enormous troves of bitcoin address files, they probably don't share with the IRS.  But you don't want to be in an audit with something to hide.  Bitcoin is a terrific piece of tech.  Every country will want to tax it pursuant to their specific laws.  That taxation doesn't lessen bitcoin's appeal.  And bitcoin's appeal was never based on tax evasion.  I promise you bitcoin whales are paying taxes on their bitcoin sales.  If you don't want to pay the kind of outrageous taxes that stock day traders pay based on frequent buys and sells, then don't day trade.  Transfer all your crypto holdings into the coin(s) you believe in hodling, then review your positions once a year.  Every time you sell a coin for a profit its a taxable event in the U.S.  And if you're a citizen of the U.S. you have to declare all foreign accounts every time you file a  tax return, so trading on foreign exchanges doesn't provide privacy, it encourages audits.
@_date: 2018-03-29 15:46:30
Blame the futures markets.  We all thought the start of futures trading would be good for bitcoin bringing in institutional and retail investors.  But we were wrong, and almost immediately negative futures began to bring down actual bitcoin prices.  It doesn't matter that bitcoin futures are settled in dollars and not bitcoin.  Futures move markets.  And big institutional money, like banks, hate bitcoin, think its overvalued, and throw futures money at it to intentionally bring it down.  We also know they hoard enough actual bitcoin to sell and push the exchange bitcoin markets lower timed with the closing dates of futures contracts.  Its been working.  And its kind of an attack.  Who are these futures investors?  Not our usual family of crypto hodlers and traders.  Its not bitcoin whales or Core or the millions of little guys out there buying fractional amounts of bitcoin.  Its not Africans trying to gain stable currency or Venezuelans trying to carry money to food and medicine markets across borders.  Its not college kids.  Its big, bank and institutional players, hedge funds and guys looking to make money bursting the "bubble".  They're driving the price down intentionally.  Not to buy huge positions.  They only buy what they need to crash the exchange markets strategically.  Their long term plan is to bust the crypto market. 
@_date: 2018-03-26 15:12:53
This is a watershed year in the world of bitcoin and crypto taxation.  The IRS has forced the disclosure of Coinbase clients who transacted more than 10,000 worth of buys/sells a year for 2014 and 2015.  That put everyone on notice.  We all know that its fun and popular and sometimes profitable to trade coin, buy and sell coin to coin, and ratchet up holdings.  This is the game, a huge part of the appeal, the way to wealth.  But you must understand that regulation of the exchanges and ICOs by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and "notice" by the IRS that they intend to treat profit from coin sales as ordinary income from the sale of property changes the game.  It doesn't change the amazing thing that is bitcoin.  But you must adjust your game to make sure you don't violate laws.  Adopting a youthful attitude that they won't catch you, or that there is some way to avoid taxation is dangerous.  Part of the experience of gaining wealth and obtaining assets and enjoying the ride to financial prosperity is freedom from the fear of incarceration or having it all taken away.  You must up your game to include the same reality of taxation that adults in every other profit making venture face.  This is the year to put your accounts and affairs in order.  Keep a hard copy of every important trade and its value at execution.  And plan to file an honest tax return.  There is a certain confidence that comes from knowing that you can make large sums of money honestly.
@_date: 2018-03-08 12:05:39
I'm sure there are a lot of us wishing a whale would quietly pick up the whole lot and keep them from being dumped in the open market.  Amazon.  Microsoft.  I don't care who.  Mt. Gox is becoming synonymous with Titanic.
@_date: 2018-03-27 14:02:23
Up, men, up.  Finally back above 8,000.  And a lot of backchannel talk about the desire for a uniform one-Africa currency.  That continent will soon have a smart phone in every household.  If Blockstream or one of the other projects could satellite feed bitcoin transactions continent wide with zero transaction costs we could be that currency whether the governments want us or not.
@_date: 2018-03-27 13:54:24
CryptoNinjas reports:  HIVE Blockchain acquires Norway company to build new mining center
Monday, March 26, 2018
HIVE Blockchain acquires Norway company to build new mining center
HIVE owns state-of-the-art GPU-based digital currency mining facilities in Iceland and Sweden, and now eyes Norway.
HIVE Blockchain Technologies and Kolos Norway AS today announce that they have entered into a series of agreements pursuant to which HIVE has agreed to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Kolos through the acquisition of another Norwegian entity for total consideration of approximately US $9.9 million, 4,750,000 common shares and 1,250,000 warrants.
“This is another major milestone in our continuing global expansion as a leading blockchain and cryptocurrency infrastructure company,” said Harry Pokrandt, CEO and Director of HIVE. “Kolos will be a flagship data centre project for HIVE for years to come and has the potential to expand to more than 1.0 GW or 1,000 MW, of green hydroelectricity consumption dedicated to blockchain infrastructure.”
“For context, our advanced mining operations in Iceland and Sweden will collectively represent 44.2 MW of consumption – also from green sources. This acquisition provides HIVE with significant flexibility for long-term growth. Our vision is to scale the project in phases to be among the largest and most energy-efficient data centres in the world. We continue to explore non-dilutive financing alternatives to commence the build-out as soon as possible.”
@_date: 2018-03-26 12:54:44
If you were to ask a U.S. tax professional they would probably tell you to declare the income at year end and consider deducting reasonable rental expenses.  
Its sad that the IRS concerns itself with such minimal matters.  Particularly since they have failed to issue regular guidance on the matter of the taxability of small btc payments.  But the taxation of rental income is well established.  Like cash, if you deposit it and you get audited failing to declare it is evasion.  
And as it stands today, all btc buys and sells are likely available and subject to discovery by the IRS.  They don't necessarily have the manpower to chase down everybody, but most big transactions are juicy targets, and a certain number of small filers get randomly audited every year.
Landlording is a great way to pay a mortgage and build a real estate portfolio.  The tax advantages can be substantial.  A good tax accountant would probably tell you being able to depreciate property and write off repairs will help you more than declaring the income will hurt you.  
I have always declared every dollar and encouraged my tax pro to take every legal deduction and that decision has paid off in every way.  A bad audit or criminal prosecution can crush you.  Only the young and inexperienced would ever counsel hiding bitcoin profits when the truth is a random audit could cost you the house.
@_date: 2017-09-25 11:33:05
Not hitting other exchanges.  Coinbase and GDAX.
@_date: 2018-03-27 13:34:35
This morning Whale Panda tweeted "Lightning Network node count has exceeded Bcash node count. In addition 70%+ of the BCash nodes are hosted on a "Hangzhou Alibaba" servers which you can check here:  …  …
@_date: 2017-09-25 14:11:59
I caught that too.  I have never seen Forbes put a warning like that in an article.  I thought it was inappropriate.
@_date: 2017-09-28 11:22:14
In August Trump imposed sanctions against Venezuela as a means of distancing ourselves from economic complicity in acts of the Venezuelan government against its people.  The sanctions have sparked confusion by imposing a blanket ban on trading Venezuelan bonds, but at the same time carving out exceptions that authorize transactions on almost all the country’s existing notes, leaving investors nervous they might inadvertently run afoul of the rules. The Venezuelan government and its state oil company have about $67 billion in debt outstanding, and the notes are among the most-traded securities in emerging markets.  Credit Suisse has ceased almost all trade in Venezuelan bonds.  But in May Goldman Sachs was criticized for noting opportunities in the investments.  Bitcoin is not commonly accepted in Venezuela and is not likely to have many adherents, but there have been anecdotal reports of some people using it as a lifeline, often after having relatives abroad transfer bitcoin to a Venezuelan desperate for some currency with which to buy food.  In the United States there is a huge Venezuelan community of expats who have invested in the Ft. Lauderdale suburb of Weston, which is sometimes called little Caracas.  It is an upscale community of expensive homes bordering the everglades.  It would be interesting to interview Venezuelan expats in Weston to see if any of them have had success sending bitcoin to Venezuela, what their relatives mostly use it for, and anecdotally what level of exchange rate they see in actual practice as the Venezuelan currency devolves into worthlessness.
@_date: 2018-11-16 23:04:06
Bitcoin (btc) will be fine.  Most of the other coins will fail. The bitcoin cash fork wars have spooked the market.  Bitcoin and crypto are niche market investments, largely unregulated and subject to volatility.  The fact that crypto investors are spreading themselves so thinly over a couple of thousand coins and tokens further suppresses the market.  If the entire crypto market cap were consolidated into bitcoin btc its price and volume would be strong.  It just remains to be seen where the money will flow with so many choices.  But I am among those who believe that ultimately btc will survive and the other coins will fail.  
@_date: 2017-09-12 14:27:46
Its probably analogous to a situation where if you own a stock on a certain date called the record date you are entitled to the dividend.  If you sell before the record date, then you don't get the dividend.  But if you sell after you will still receive the dividend so long as you owned it on the record date.  The bitcoin trust owned the bitcoin on the "record" date and is entitled to the bitcoin cash.  But the shareholders own the trust.  Those who were owners on the day the trust "received" its right to the bitcoin cash are entitled to coins, or new shares in the new trust.  And Mr. Silbert as yet is not declaring the value of the new coins when he calculates the trusts Net Asset Value.  He has simply remained silent, apparently unsure how to account for the forked coins, whether to sell them, or distribute them, or drop them into a new trust.
@_date: 2017-09-27 21:36:25
Well I'm a lawyer, 30 years a member of the California bar, and unless you're a lawyer we'll go with my take on it.  By the way, your BitPremier website, which apparently is now shilling icos, still has a Real Estate page with listings for some $11 million dollars of international properties which I presume you no longer represent.
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:27:47
This could be serious.  For instance, DCG Digital Currency Group manages a billion dollars in crypto investments which it advertises the shit out of on twitter.  Sky News reports the proposed Twitter ban will prohibit a range of digital currency advertisements related to ICOs, token sales, and cryptocurrency wallets. It’s also reported that adverts for digital currency exchanges may be banned.  Is Dorsey overreacting, or smashing down future competition; isn't he a principal in Square now?
@_date: 2018-03-04 20:31:48
There is, of course, a long history of South African Social Grants used to alleviate poverty, and the amounts have risen dramatically.  But the real travesty is the debated plan to dispossess white landowners of their property for distribution to landless blacks.  And that has startled an international community familiar with what happened to Zimbabwe.  Foreign investment is teetering on the brink.
@_date: 2018-03-28 19:26:47
I agree that taxes are stifling the American bitcoin market this month.  I know several people who have sold a bitcoin to pay their unexpected tax liability.  But Japan and South Korea are huge players in the bitcoin market, so its not fair to blame the U.S. exclusivelyfor bitcoins' drop to 8k.
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:24:55
Jim Rogers and Jim Cramer are not the same person.
@_date: 2017-09-22 12:31:14
These gold bugs all started out as original anti-fiat guys.  There was always some merit to their printing press arguments.  And people wanted to listen when they said gold would go up to the moon.  But where their model breaks down is mining.  There is a lot of new gold coming out of mines.  And there are huge proven veins of gold like Barrick sits on that haven't been dug up yet.  With almost unlimited amounts of gold accessible at the right price there is a dampening effect.  It was brilliant to limit bitcoin to 21 million.
@_date: 2017-09-22 12:13:56
Didn't McAfee's Belize debacle shed enough light?  Or maybe Branson's Necker Island destruction?  Millionaires seeking Nirvana.  Always a letdown for the rest of us.  Maybe Ver is building hype for an ICO to fund his new, actual country owned by the rich for the rich.  News flash.  These little Monacos and Liechtensteins and Grand Caymans all end up being about tax evasion for the rich.  But I'm pretty sure the current Secretary of the Interior would sell you some national park land he's tired of if one promised to harvest the commodities for profit.  Or maybe you could build another spaceship building like Apple and call that your libertarian, non-aggressive country, only crushing neighbors' property rights.  And I hear there's a luxury condominium cruise ship that is always at sea and flies questionable flags.  I'm guessing, once you cut through the muddle, that Ver is essentially daydreaming about a place for mining coins without government interference.  
@_date: 2017-09-26 10:13:47
Don't waste your time with Silbert's BitPremier site.  I'm right in his demographic, exactly what they describe as their target customer, and I got treated like shit, could never reach a person, and basically said screw this after a couple of ridiculously frustrating months.  They have a lot of pretty pictures.  But there's nobody there.  And the other outfit cited in the article, bitcoin-realestate, is a Melbourne, Australia website with no identifiable business address or presence on the web.
There is a news report that a real estate firm in Sydney, Australia, where property values are hyper inflated right now, will negotiate bitcoin purchases, but that may be more marketing than reality.  And I can tell you that I was in personal contact with a property title company in Philadelphia that was trying to creatively market their local title services to include payments involving bitcoin.   But they were a small, boutique company, and their progressive marketing concept was in its infancy, they were unaware of any actual transactions that had closed, and they weren't undertaking anything outside of the local Philadelphia market.
I am reasonably plugged into the residential and commercial real estate markets in the midwestern United States, and I have not heard of a single reported transaction involving bitcoin.  I urge fellow bitcoiners to be extremely careful and not fall prey to shady marketers who may exaggerate the trustworthiness of their business.  A fool and his bitcoins are soon parted.
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:29:54
"The sale of the company," eh?  So its not exactly your team "making a decision to move on to other ventures", as if you were closing up shop.  Its a sale.  What do you have to sell but your clients book of listings?  So if clients provided our luxury items to you for sale, as well as any personal information having to do with the escrow of bitcoins for sales transactions, that information isn't just being deleted, its being sold, is that correct?  Perhaps you'd like to tell us who its being sold to?  Or is that question also baseless and ridiculous to you?
@_date: 2018-03-27 13:25:24
Jameson Lopp just tweeted "These relatively quiet periods are the best, in my opinion. Haters are happy because they think Bitcoin is dead / dying. Builders are happy because there are fewer distractions. Traders are bored to tears. Trolls are grasping at straws trying to retain attention."
@_date: 2017-09-25 14:00:42
In my opinion charting bitcoin is useless.  The relevant time frame since breakout is too short.  Its extremely volatile.  Its subject to governmental intervention, trends, popularity and attack by established banking interests.  It doesn't trade uniformly or easily on traditional stock exchanges with stocks and etfs.  And the technology is changing rapidly as coins fork and allegiances shift.  
I'm bullish on bitcoin.  I believe in its success with all my heart.  And much of my money.  But technical charting is always a crapshoot.  And bitcoin will advance and surge upwards on the shoulders of the brilliant, tireless and selfless developers who build it and the sheer will of the people who use it, demand it, and invest in it.  Such things can't be charted.
@_date: 2017-09-29 00:17:50
Right back at you monkey.
@_date: 2018-02-23 15:09:39
This is not good news for the people of Venezuela or for the international cryptocurrency community.  The Maduro government is trying to evade sanctions by accepting payments in crypto, convertible to their new Petro.  Payment to Maduro in crypto is still a violation of sanctions.  Converting crypto to Petro and vice versa is still a violation of sanctions.  And while it may be true that Venezuelan citizens with a few bitcoin hidden away in private wallets had something more than their worthless fiat, it was probably best used as travel money out of the country.  I discourage any young crypto trader from trying to profit from trade in or out of the Petro.  You wouldn't prop up the government of other dictators, don't prop up Maduro.  Developers like NEM's beware; if your crypto becomes convertible to the Petro in violation of international sanctions you may see enforcement action by the Americans.  Exchanges will not make this Petro convertible.  These are troubling times.    
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:27:03
Tax evasion is a crime in substantially every country.
@_date: 2017-09-25 14:08:22
The article seems to suggest that LocalBitcoins will be able to continue after the mandatory closure ordered for Sept 30.  Somehow I doubt this is a loophole, but I don't know much about LocalBitcoins.  I'm assuming the surge in trading has to do with the impending closure date as nervous investors cash out and long term hodlers picking up bargains.  In any event, the price of bitcoin itself is stagnant and any suggestion that Chinese trading will take it higher seems doubtful.
@_date: 2017-09-07 10:28:46
Terrible advice.  This thread is full of absolutely terrible advice.  Only the guy from the Coinbase exchange had anything practical to say, and that, of course, only applies to funds held on the exchange.  In the United States wills and estates law is regulated by the States.  People with assets have a will prepared by a lawyer that identifies assets and directs an executor, often a family member, to distribute those assets to the named beneficiaries.  So John has his lawyer write his will directing John's best friend Dave to distribute his assets to his wife, Sara and to his children, and to a charity.  An asset like a safety deposit box does not need to specify where the key is held, or even where the safety box is held. Only that it exists, and to whom it passes.  Very often private information is left in a sealed letter to a beneficiary or to an executor, or even with the attorney that might contain more exact instructions.  But the will needs to conform with legal requirements so that it doesn't have to end up in Probate Court.  A properly prepared will in most States will never end up in probate.  John's bitcoin can be left to Sara, or to a child, and the details of the wallet and key can be kept private in a separate letter.  The executor in some instances may need to put a value on the asset to determine if it is subject to estate taxation.  If John does not write a will, he dies intestate, which only means he dies without a will, and the matter of his assets and who they pass to by operation of law is presented to the probate Court, which will do an accounting of all the assets and distribute them as the state provides.  Most States would determine all assets to go to the wife, or if no wife, to the next of kin.  There would be an approximate valuation attached to collectibles, for tax purposes.  A Judge would probably be interested in knowing the value of the bitcoins and would probably retain an expert to tell him how the wallet worked and what was in it.  I strongly suggest that anyone with bitcoin in the U.S. have a will written to keep your bitcoin out of probate Court.  Foolish people write legally invalid wills all the time, and they end up in probate court anyway.  Only a lawyer in your state will know exactly how to have the thing executed and witnessed and notarized to comply with your state laws.  My own father always said "I have a will" and we never doubted him.  At the end of his life we found half a dozen that were worthless, improperly prepared, never signed, never witnessed, never notarized etc.  Fortunately we had gone as a family to an estate lawyer a year beforehand and had all had proper wills drawn up, or we would still be in probate Court.  Whatever your libertarian beliefs are about "hiding" your bitcoin from the government or the IRS, those beliefs will die with you.  Your estate will handle the transfer of your bitcoin according to law.  You either properly and privately arrange for that transfer by will, or it will be done for you in Probate Court.  Sometimes people have next to nothing, and there is nobody to even file in probate court because there is no real estate, no car, no pension, no assets, no bank account, no nothing.  Scraps are swiped by friends.  The rest abandoned, possibly to escheat to the State, like a bank account with $50 in it that nobody files for.  Don't be a loser.  If you own things of value spend $1500 and have a real lawyer prepare and store a real will.  And update it occasionally with new information.  You're going to die.  Deal with it.  Only an asshole or a putz leaves a mess for his wife or his mother to deal with when he dies, with dozens of trips to some probate court and expenses to pay and such.  And your amazing technological "wallet" that nobody else understands is going to get tossed in the trash with your gameboy and your fancy remote controls and joystick, bitcoins lost to the wind.  This is another reason why people leave coins on exchanges.  And why men with actual money and assets buy into the bitcoin trust.  Banks and stock portfolios and trusts are easy to account for in wills; taxes get paid, assets get distributed according to your will specs.  One more thing guys, your bitcoin wallet is subject to divorce laws.  A topic for another day.
@_date: 2017-09-25 14:16:42
Speaking on Monday with members of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs of the European Parliament, the president of the European Central Bank said it is not in its power to "prohibit or regulate" digital currencies such as the Bitcoin. The size, users' acceptance, and impact on the real economy are the main channels to look at in the market in terms of risk, but it is still "premature to consider" digital currencies as means of payment for the future, Mario Draghi claimed. The Eurozone's top supervisor also revealed cybersecurity is the main worry in financial technology industry. 
@_date: 2017-09-01 12:58:59
The trust also sits on 174,000 bitcoin cash coins obtained gratis in the fork, and will pick up any future such fork generated coins.  Whether they're held by the trust or distributed as "dividends" they represent a rapidly appreciating asset.  The trust really appeals to the "store of value" crowd that needs stock exchange regulated vehicles for investment by institutional investors.  It also fully accounts for its taxable capital gains for trust holders who sell.  And there is an additional layer of encrypted security protecting the "coins" themselves which are in a patented double deep storage.  While small investors continue to open private wallets and buy incremental bitcoin, large long-term investors are snapping up large blocks of the trust, believing that coins worth $5,000 in September 2017 will be worth $75,000 sooner or later.  This is not going to happen to gold.  Or blue chip stocks.  And old gray haired investors who often have secrets in their financial pasts who fail to understand the crypto tech future are badly out of touch.
@_date: 2017-09-25 11:29:56
Something's wrong over there.
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:55:18
Wrong.  Jim Cramer is the CNBC Mad Money guy whose picture is on the post.
@_date: 2017-09-17 13:22:34
Don't know what country you're in, but in the United States there is no statutes of limitations on tax evasion.
@_date: 2017-09-28 10:22:18
It was really the New York Stock Exchange Arca itself which withdrew the Grayscale application pending before the SEC.  They just don't trust the business model.
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:42:14
Since the consensus seems to be that you're weak intellectually, I'm going to speak slowly to you.  This matter doesn't concern you.  Its between people who have had luxury items for sale and the scumbags who dropped the ball, isn't it?  Its nothing like purchasing on Ebay or Amazon.  Selling on BitPremier requires photographs, and more personal identification and discussion.  And if there are people out there who feel betrayed to suddenly discover that a business that they were doing business with has suddenly closed, or been sold, then criticism of that is hardly "bullshit".  You have a big mouth, but you really don't have much to say to me, and you don't get to tell me to "get the fuck out" of anywhere.  So piss off.
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:16:39
If you sell, and you're in the United States, you will have to declare the gain as ordinary income at the end of the year.  So factor in the taxable event when making your decision.  The days of buying low, selling high, then buying low again and ratcheting up your portfolio value without recognition of the fact that each sale is a taxable event are over.  Trust me.  In the real world stock day traders deal with this reality, and all the youthful declarations about the "unconstitutionality or immorality of taxation" don't mean anything when you're audited or paying a tax lawyer to defend you from tax evasion charges.
@_date: 2017-09-16 20:17:04
Market manipulation is against the law, a violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. And what Dimon did was a bear raid.  That's when you drive the price down artificially so that you can buy it up at favorable prices before it returns to its prior valuation range.  Dimon trashed bitcoin in the press, telling large conference attendees it was a fraud and that he would fire any trader that traded it.  He went on and on and his viciously anti-bitcoin remarks made news world wide.  The price fell dramatically.  Then the next day JP Morgan bought huge quantities of bitcoin at artificially low prices.    Whether or not the SEC wants to accuse Dimon of manipulating bitcoin is an open question.  Whether bitcoin is a security within the purview of the Securites and Exchange Act of 1934 is an open question.  Whether Dimon had intent when he trashed the coin, whether he had anything to do with the purchase, whether he or his clients profited personally; all excellent questions.  He's a popular, well connected CEO who speaks his mind often on varied topics.  Whether he went too far this time remains to be seen.  But the bitcoin community has decided the guy's a douche.  
@_date: 2017-09-22 13:05:12
Holy Madoff.  On the one hand we rant and rail against regulation.  And then on the other hand, a government agency protects the public from a lying, greedy Ponzi scheme, right in our own bitcoin backyard.  And these are the guys that hard to police from within our community. No number of core developers are going to be able to render an elegant solution to traders gone wild.  China is truly worried about this sort of behavior as well as ico abuses and evasion of capital controls and their solution is probably going to be extreme regulation; potentially ruining peer to peer transactions, cross-border features, and decentralization of banking functions we value in the bitcoin community.  But having consumer protection laws save our collective asses from Ponzi schemers in the United States lends confidence in the bitcoin brand.  As with everything, the devil is in the details.
@_date: 2017-09-25 13:32:20
The Swiss influence the movement of a lot of worldwide money.
@_date: 2017-09-22 09:45:11
Just more Seeking Alpha daily bitcoin FUD.  If ever there was a site to ignore its Seeking Alpha.
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:57:16
Selling is usually a mistake.
@_date: 2017-09-22 13:08:33
The question is rhetorical.
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:26:05
I'm jealous.  In the U.S. the Internal Revenue Service is just waking up to crypto trading, they plan to enforce tax obligations, there will be pain in the trading community as people are caught up in the broader net.  And my advice to "day traders" is to hold your assets long term and let them appreciate, to add new positions as you can afford to, and shift the mentality away from active buying and selling as a wealth building strategy.  Long term traders know that giving away 20% to 30% of a fast profit to the IRS can wipe away a couple years of gains.  From my perspective the mantra Hodl is sound tax advice.
@_date: 2017-09-17 13:48:06
If tensions flare again on the Korean peninsula we will see Korean transactions moved to Japan.
@_date: 2017-09-17 12:00:59
Extremely dangerous to take investing advice from anonymous people on this thread, many of whom are very young, very inexperienced traders experimenting with small sums of money.  Strategy that might be working for a 20 year old with hundreds of dollars might not work for a young professional with thousands or a 40 year old with tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars.  Surveys of this community show it is very young and has very small amounts of bitcoin.  Before you give too much weight to the arguments, you might want to assure yourself who you are listening to.  You wouldn't take investment advice from a kid who was cleaning your swimming pool or waiting on your table.  There are more than a few bitcoin millionaires around.  Many of them were millionaires before bitcoin added to their portfolios.  I know a few guys who have million dollar houses and million dollar businesses and million dollar investment portfolios who are also doing quite well with their bitcoin but didn't make their first money on bitcoin.  And I can assure you they don't listen to day trading kids who don't even know what capital gains reporting is and haven't been through a grueling IRS audit where if they find 25% underreporting they're going to charge you with a crime.  Churning bitcoin thru frequent buying and selling generates capital gains at each transaction, not some average at the end of the year.  The IRS is considering implementation of a "no tax" strategy for small one-time sale amounts of bitcoin.  But that won't protect day traders who do that every week.  This whole business of listening to people who tell you to sell and buy in again at a lower price ignores those gains, and mark my words, the IRS will begin to jail these day traders to make an example to the larger community.  I don't care whether someone buys, sells or spends bitcoin.  But if you churn or day trade your accounts you might go to jail.  There is no statutes of limitations on underreporting of income to avoid taxes.  The IRS can easily access your bitcoin trading history.  They can go back years.  Be careful out there.  People don't churn and day trade their stocks for just this reason.  And currency trading is considered to be extremely high risk.  Don't make youthful mistakes with bitcoin.  Unrealized profit isn't taxable.  But as soon as you sell its realized profit.  You must calculate capital gains each time you sell.  If these are sizable amounts and they aren't declared on your tax return you are risking jail.
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:54:25
Safe harbors are hard to find when the entire market sells off.  Gold and silver bugs like to claim they will be whole when fiat sells off, but it doesn't.  And people definitely sell their good performers in a crash to cover the losses on their bad performers.  So the old saying that a rising tide raises all boats and vice versa is most apt.  With that said, we have had days when the stock market was down and bitcoin went up.  I personally believe bitcoin to be an excellent long term investment.  And people who spend too much time worrying about financial collapse and crashing markets are rarely prescient.  Bitcoin and be happy.
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:30:35
Creepy early bitcoin rich guys who try to use their businesses to steal the bitcoin brand and control the very thing which should not be controlled.
@_date: 2017-09-22 09:48:44
Drug dealers flushing cash.  Its a thing.  Mostly a Swiss thing.
@_date: 2017-09-28 00:19:58
Its a tired retread of early Grayscale trusts limited to accredited investors.  Soon enough they'll run out of rich Canadians and they'll be applying to list on an over the counter stock exchange and market to anybody with the price of a share in his brokerage cash account.  The trust should be good for bitcoin price appreciation since it will have to buy large quantities of bitcoin to hold for its investors.  And it will get press in Canada and that will bring more attention to bitcoin.  And Canadian dollars are worth quite a bit less than U.S. dollars, so finding people with portfolios of a million Canadian or a 200k Canadian salary will be possible.  They don't tell you the juicy parts, like what the minimum investment is, or how much the management fee is.  For Grayscale I think it was 25k minimums and a 2% fee.  Its probably likely that some savvy Canadians will cash out of bubblicious real estate profits and dive into bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-25 14:27:41
I don't think this is bullish for bitcoin.  The premise of this article is that pulling large denomination currency out of circulation like India and Sweden will reduce crime and the hoarding of big bills obtained from crime.  But the move to cashless society has been problematic, its wildly unpopular in India, and it involves a mindset within the government that a kind of hyper regulation of consumer finances is a good thing. I think if you told Americans that the government was going to outlaw $20 bills and all bills larger than that; to be replaced by mandatory digital spending, it would be hugely unpopular.  Americans don't want more regulation, they want less.  And bitcoin is currently becoming popular not because governments can regulate people more with it, but because government will be involved less.  I think the lesson to be learned is that not all cashless, digital payment systems are the same.  And we need to be cautious what we support.
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:21:00
Personally, I think the Chinese who wanted or needed to sell have now accomplished that, and downward pressure has eased.  
@_date: 2017-09-22 21:39:13
More Seeking Alpha FUD.  One cryptocurrency hit piece after another.  Can you spell "agenda"?
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:52:09
I'm disinclined to trust Alan Silbert.
@_date: 2017-09-23 17:13:06
@_date: 2017-09-20 20:14:16
Don't be naive.  The trust has already said it intends to distribute the bitcoin cash to GBTC shareholders of record at the time of the fork.  It has nothing to do with the keys, and we aren't arguing about ownership.  Its only a matter of timing the distribution.  We want it done now.  Not some promise of future distribution.  The trust owns the bitcoin.  The trust shareholders own the trust, and everything in it, including the bitcoin cash.  We want the shares accounted for and distributed, not laying around in limbo.  
@_date: 2017-09-14 11:46:12
...and yet the Chinese government isn't closing down its miners, in fact its subsidizing a massive Chinese effort to acquire bitcoin.  The crackdown and new super regulation of bitcoin financial exchanges is yet another step towards communist appropriation of bitcoin.  They also plan to roll out their new, government approved coin, and hype a new China approved ico token.  Remember, Russia is also restricting bitcoin investment to "approved" investors, which means government cronies, and is competing with China to see who can mine the most bitcoins by offering free electricity to miners "approved" by government regulators.
It remains to be seen how this will affect bitcoin, which continues to flourish in Western countries.  It may even be bullish for prices, as Chinese and Russian coins are hoarded by their governments, further limiting supply.
Right now we're seeing some selling by Chinese investors and speculators fearing the loss of their exchanges.  But their coins are being bought by Chinese expecting to hoard them after exchanges close down.  For a larger, macro bitcoin community that has been angered by "China" for the bitcoin cash fork debacle, the exit of China from bitcoin may be a blessing in disguise.  As with other shake-outs, what doesn't kill the coin only makes it stronger.
@_date: 2017-09-22 14:48:14
 Erik Voorhees, CEO of Swiss-based digital asset exchange ShapeShift, said Dimon's comment is a classic case of fearmongering because banks are concerned about bitcoin potentially taking away some of their core businesses.
"Jamie Dimon has every interest in the world in disparaging Bitcoin and working with his friends in government to regulate and suffocate it," Voorhees said.
The threat is real, according to Ari Paul, co-founder of the newly formed BlockTower Capital. He sees bitcoin eventually displacing offshore Swiss and Cayman bank accounts that JPMorgan and other banks have opened for their wealthy clients. Trillions of dollars are held in such accounts.
"Cryptocurrency serves this function an order of magnitude better than the existing banking system," Paul said. "I suspect that Dimon recognizes this, and is trying to delay the inevitable replacement of one his bank's core services by a far more efficient upstart."
@_date: 2017-09-12 13:55:26
Previous statements from the bitcoin trust indicated a strong preference on the part of Barry Silbert for selling the bitcoin cash shares and distributing the money to existing bitcoin trust shareholders, who jointly own some 170,000 bitcoins, and after the fork, also some 170,000 bitcoin cash coins.  One can only assume that there was substantial blowback by existing shareholders who, strongly believing in the hodl mantra, prefer to keep their bitcoin cash.  It would seem the prevailing attitude now is to place them in a trust and distribute trust shares, which can then be hodled or sold pursuant to the preference of each trust holder.  We hear bitcoin trust holders are getting impatient and wondering why they are the last to receive access or ownership of their bitcoin cash shares, and litigation has been threatened. 
@_date: 2017-09-26 12:43:35
Mike Novogratz.  Never made any money until he bet big on ether 2 years ago.  Now he wants to ride the bubble up, but the part that ought to give you the willies, he plans to charge 2% a year and a whopping 20% of the profits.  Run.  Run far away from this guy.
@_date: 2017-09-27 21:20:05
That's a whole lot of attitude there considering I was once a customer, Alan just got finished saying the company was being sold, and you have purported to close up shop with little more than a 2 sentence email that didn't say a word about client information.  I think its you who doth protest too much.  Your site had, what, a couple of hundred client owned, million dollar properties listed for sale around the world?  But a nameless, presumptively former BitPremier employee thinks he's covered all the bases concerning clients interested in the status of their privacy with a Reddit post.  And any questions label me a troll with nothing better to do than cause problems.  You guys have a lot of nerve.  I suggest that if even one of your former bitcoin owning clients gets hacked for bitcoin they know who to sue for inappropriately handling their privacy, dickwipe.  And you haven't seen me upset yet.  BitPremier.  The Silbert experience is less than satisfying.
@_date: 2017-09-17 14:57:48
Using a customized software program from Chainalysis, a blockchain data analysis firm in New York City, the IRS expects to extract more intelligence -- and potentially more fraud -- from virtual currency movements through the blockchain and centralized currency exchanges. Chainalysis says it's able to track approximately 50% of all Bitcoin activity, and 4 million additional Bitcoin addresses, more than enough to get an accurate gauge on who's hiding cash from the IRS.
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:18:06
The use of Bitcoin in Zimbabwe has grown exponentially as the government has begun to stop all credit card payments and has restricted the flow of cash into and out of the country. People wishing to make payments for vehicles have been forced to use Bitcoin and car lenders are happy to accept.
In all the chaos, the price of Bitcoin on the local exchange, BitcoinFundi, has soared to $7,200. This premium reflects a frantic desire to find ways to transact within an economy where government controls have made traditional means impossible.
@_date: 2018-03-01 03:35:32
So Hive Blockchain is making a big deal about their expanded mining operations in Iceland and Sweden when those countries' costs don't seem better than the U.S.  I'd love to see a real qualitative analysis of the best locations to mine based on all relative factors, including subjective.  Of course its illegal some places, and in others there are severe limitations on availability and access to power.  It is a fascinating topic though.  I wonder, are there places where privately owned hydro or solar power makes the cost negligible.
@_date: 2017-09-25 13:43:57
I'll bet the Winklevii show up to push their etf, but I"m going to be surprised if any coin etf gets a green light from the SEC.
@_date: 2017-09-25 13:49:25
I highly recommend the article.  
@_date: 2017-09-07 12:04:47
AML/KYC identity laws are going to limit the anonymity of certain bitcoin transactions in Europe and North America.  If you think about the debit card buying experience, for small purchases in the gas station or coffee shops you don't need identification.  But for larger purchases, you might, just like with a credit card when buying a refrigerator.  And these cards are backed up by a relationship with a financial organization that has your identity particulars:  A bank usually, with all tax identifiers and social security numbers attached.  Gift cards and such may have no identifiers, but they are small in amount.  I would anticipate that bitcoin ATM's will provide anonymous purchases for loading into your phone worldwide with amount limitations, and storefront exchanges will require identification subject to the laws of their country, by amounts.  Ideally the process of satisfying daily transactional amounts for customers should operate seamlessly at atms, exchanges and points of purchase, across borders, obviating any need for customs to search phones for large bitcoin transfers in violation of currency maximums.  There will always be ways to hide bitcoin, and decentralization will allow that without breaking local laws.  For instance, what will stop exchanges in the Caymans from offering identity anonymous banking transactions in bitcoin?  There are similar tax havens worldwide.  But tax evasion should appeal to a smaller and smaller subset of users if amount limitations on transactions are generous.  If bitcoin is used for purchases, and loaded with after tax dollars, I doubt the IRS is interested.  Its only on the subject of income tax based on otherwise taxable income   that the taxing authorities are interested.  They probably want to know exactly how much the exchange makes from its bitcoin business.  And if someone is taking bitcoin as wages, then all taxing authorities will want full disclosure.  But for point of purchase and ATM and exchange transactions in reasonable amounts, I suggest it would serve everyone's interests if it stayed anonymous. 
@_date: 2017-09-25 19:14:42
Thanks guy, for making the link for me.  Everybody was shouting about the spike in bitcoin this morning and wondering why it was going up up, and then this news came across the wires about war, and since the South Korea bitcoin exchanges have been doing huge business since China started shutting down, I thought they might be related.  Should have realized the dumb brit couldn't make the connection; too busy making thousands of troll reddit comments I guess.
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:09:51
If a thousand men were not to pay their tax-bills this year, that would not be a violent and bloody measure, as it would be to pay them, and enable the State to commit violence and shed innocent blood.  This is, in fact, the definition of a peaceable revolution, if any such is possible.  (Henry David Thoreau)
@_date: 2017-09-27 12:47:27
Not just a failed business venture, but literally an invasion of privacy, a potential misuse of private information, a solicitation to do business with no possibility of follow through, and a major screw over for people instructed to send pictures and descriptions of their luxury goods they wished to offer for sale for bitcoin.
Not unlike brother Barry Silbert's refusal to drop the undistributed BCH bitcoin cash shares into trust and distribute them to GBTC shareholders who rightfully own them.  Just a crappy disclaimer about whether shareholders will actually realize value, a whine about whether Silbert's trust will be protected, inquiries to the IRS and SEC about personal grantor trust protections, and no thought at all to customer service, to private property rights, to customer tax implications, or to meaningful disclosure of information to stakeholders.
@_date: 2018-07-31 18:06:06
The trial and convictions were completely tainted by the false narrative sensationalism of the murder for hire rumors put out there by the prosecutors.  The kid deserves a new trial, and he ought to be released on bail pending that new trial.  The penalty was far too severe.  Its becoming crystal clear that there has been a miscarriage of justice.  I, for one, believe the verdict should be thrown out.
@_date: 2017-10-17 21:28:26
First, I think Barry intends 2x to happen.  Second, I think he is largely silent because there are ramifications to him speaking out on matters which affect the price of securities traded on over the counter stock exchanges.
@_date: 2017-09-19 21:50:13
I don't think they're going to "ban" miners.  I think they're going to order miners to switch to mining bitcoin cash, and they're going to regulate bitcoin cash to sync with the desires of the Chinese government.
@_date: 2017-09-20 20:06:37
No, that's the old news.
On Sept 7 Grayscale changed that plan and now doesn't intend to sell the coin: “To maximize shareholder value, the sponsor has begun a process with the Trust’s professional advisers to evaluate, among other options, the feasibility of forming an entity to hold the bitcoin cash and distributing interests in that entity to the Trust’s shareholders,” explains Grayscale’s recent announcement.
The firm also details it is currently discussing the topic of BCH and the Trust with U.S. regulators. This includes regulatory agencies such as the IRS, and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) so the fund continues to remain a grantor trust for tax purposes.
“Receiving regulatory guidance in respect of such a distribution, while prudent, may be a lengthy process of several months or more,” details the GBTC sponsor.
There can be no assurance regarding whether or when the Trust will obtain such guidance. Regulatory Guidance Will Determine Shareholder Participation Grayscale explains that if the firm gets guidance on BCH from “relevant regulators” it will then determine a distribution date for GBTC shareholders. When information is available Grayscale plans to update investors on how the sponsor will deal with the bitcoin cash situation.
“However, the sponsor can offer no assurance as to whether or when shareholders of the Trust might participate in any value attributable to bitcoin cash,” the fund manager concludes.
@_date: 2017-10-12 21:36:38
I think a lot of shareholders will vote against it.  2x is unpopular.  The trust grantor is a strong proponent of 2x.  I would imagine asking trust beneficiaries to give the trustees broad powers to "choose" which bitcoin to support would be unpopular.  The strong likelihood is that GBTC shareholders intend their holdings to be in legacy bitcoin, for lack of a more definite term.  They would not support the trust "choosing" to define their shares as bitcoin cash shares, nor would they support the trust choosing to define their shares as 2x.  So I doubt they would support an amendment granting trustees such broad powers to do so on their behalf.  But isn't it interesting that they have been asked to consent to such an odd request.  It is a case of first impression to be sure.  Proxy voters usually vote the board recommendation, which is in this case to grant those powers; often because they don't have the time to read the documents and so don't really understand the question.
@_date: 2017-10-03 09:57:42
The Wall Street Journal is a business publication.  The Las Vegas tragedy, in addition to the shocking loss of life and injuries, is also hurting the city and the brand.  "MGM Resorts International
Casino stocks fall, led by Mandalay Bay-owner MGM, after Las Vegas shooting. MGM Resorts International, which owns the Mandalay Bay hotel near where the shooting occurred, fell more than 4 percent Monday. Wynn Resorts slipped 2.1 percent and Caesars Entertainment pulled back 0.2 percent.22 hours ago."
@_date: 2017-10-03 14:28:01
I'm guessing the BTCS and Blockstream merger is positioning to do this.
@_date: 2018-04-08 16:22:36
I complained to Google, because when I would Google bitcoin I would get a prominently displayed Twitter feed of  with three separate posts, and always the first one was that bcash was the real bitcoin.  I found it a fraudulent statement intended to confuse and induce newbies to buy their cheap knock off product.  Twitter didn't seem to be shutting it down.  So I complained to Google.  The whole social media seems to be cracking down on bad icos and fraudulent account holders, so maybe we just had to wait our turn to see this crappy Ver site shut down.  If we regulate our own communities we won't need federal regulation, so congrats to Dorsey here for a job well done.
@_date: 2018-04-25 15:39:55
The last two times the price plummeted like this we later found out it was a whale selling btc in 50 million dollar increments.  It wasn't futures market related, and it wasn't a macro U.S. tax day approaching sell.  Both times the market shook it off and continued its climb back up.
@_date: 2017-07-10 14:30:44
The path of least resistance.
@_date: 2018-04-26 15:42:17
Its absolutely market manipulation.  Go to CoinMarketCap and nearly every other crypto in the top 100 is up, including bcash, but bitcoin is down.  This is why the SEC won't approve a bitcoin etf, and shouldn't;  even with all this liquidity there are too many big players capable of swinging the price dramatically at whim.  So what is it today?  A whale selling another 50 million.  Hedge fund guys selling bitcoin to drop the price before the expiration of their futures contracts.  Chinese miners and Ver dumping bitcoin when its down to pump up the  bcash price before it forks, which, by the way, is not going to air-drop any free coins like bitcoin forks did.
@_date: 2017-07-10 02:35:59
Well look at the commensurate sell orders btw 2300 and 2360 Eur/Btc.  They certainly even out those buy limit orders.  I'm watching the Bitcoin Wisdom Real-Time Kraken BTC/EUR Market Charts.  Right now a sell wall beginning above 2206 Eur is matched by a buy wall below 2206, contracts at 2120-2040.  About 8,000 bitcoins in buy limit orders and 8,000 in sell.  I don't think the argument that its one person propping up the market with a buy wall is accurate at all.  These limit orders look like accumulations of smaller individual orders.  They congregate at psychologically important values because that's where willing buyers and sellers want in or out.  We're at 2200 Eur now.  2300 and up are accumulating sell orders.  2100 and below accumulating buy orders.  Just my opinion, everything is calm and orderly tonight.
@_date: 2017-07-10 15:25:43
There's too much fighting and fear over Aug 1.  The markets hate that.  Investors vote with their pocketbooks.  When they're scared they sell.  For every analyst article about $50,000 bitcoins there are a hundred r/bitcoin and twitter warnings about a hard fork and destruction of value.  This community is fighting itself, perhaps a worthy necessary fight.  But short term its scaring customers and its scaring investors.  Anything can happen now.  There can be a run on crypto and a plunge to new lows.  Or there can be an intervention by a central bank to buy low and establish a sizable position.  There could be a resolution to the blockchain scaling problem.  Or it all could get worse as principals duke it out on twitter.  Nobody knows.  And that is having a deadly effect on the market.
@_date: 2017-07-26 18:55:56
So Mark Karpeles, on trial in Japan for the fraudulent downfall of Mt Gox, tweets   thief arrested in Greece yesterday. Props to all the people who have worked on this.
  Is Mark's trial defense now that the btc-e guy is solely responsible for Mt Gox losses? 
@_date: 2017-07-04 01:27:46
Well, to be more precise, Japan decided that bitcoin purchases would no longer be subject to the 8% consumption tax charged to buyers.  Other currencies are exempted, so this means Japan is treating bitcoin more like a currency.  Bitcoin is still subject to income tax and capital gains tax.  But removing the consumption tax at purchase helps Japanese buyers purchase at prevailing world prices and smooths other international transactions.
@_date: 2017-07-27 18:15:13
I am still waiting to find sound advice on r/bitcoin, although the mantra hodl has been the way to riches in the stock and real estate markets for generations.  Indeed, I think the nearly lockstep belief that private wallets and keys are the path to safety and tax free trading in bitcoin is terribly misinformed.  Enormous numbers of bitcoins have been lost by people who have forgotten how to access them.  And unrestrained buying and selling of bitcoins without expecting tax obligations is criminal tax evasion in every country.  But the brilliance of your developers is marvelous to watch in practice.  The best tech has to offer.  I believe they will guide bitcoin into the mainstream and that's remarkable.
@_date: 2017-07-26 10:42:49
Every time you sell high you incur capital gains tax liability on that profit at the 15% rate.  You buy back lower, but not low enough.  The IRS expects that profit to be declared and those taxes paid.  They've already issued an opinion.  Tax evasion in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is just old fashioned tax evasion to them.  Take it from a stock trader with experience, day trading can result in huge year end tax liabilities even while you think you're making profit selling high and buying low.
@_date: 2017-07-10 13:49:34
Current squabbling ends.  Larger market participation follows.  Pent up demand results in a repeat of the last great appreciation.
@_date: 2017-07-27 18:04:31
Financial enforcement is much easier.  The SEC places strict regulations on the marketing of securities.  And the IRS can enforce criminal laws and impose civil penalties on people failing to report income.  Remember, even in the old days criminals like Al Capone were, in the end, brought down by the IRS for tax evasion.
@_date: 2017-07-23 13:48:15
Juvenile ramblings re: privacy; nothing of substance re: bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-07-30 11:53:32
Man up gentlemen.  You're obviously behaving badly.  You're like the stupid depositors panicked in the bank lobby  wailing and crying "bank run".  What an odd herd you are.  A prudent investor waits for the panic and buys when the blood is running in the street.  Free china coin isn't the prize; it remains to be seen whether it will have any lasting value beyond the initial run up.  But a dip in bitcoin price right when the noobs are selling and withdrawing is a priceless bitcoin buying opportunity.  
@_date: 2017-07-30 11:38:19
Good grief.  What a lot of whining.  I bought some bitcoin yesterday on Coinbase and the transaction happened seamlessly and quickly.  People herding for the exits at the very last moments before the fork deadline are so lame.  Even the New York Stock Exchange takes 3 business days to clear transactions and sometimes a week to process ACH to a checking account.  A lot of idiots wailing about the exchange being insolvent; stupid misinformation passing around the subreddit like a bad case of gonnorhea; so concerned you are about getting your twenty bucks of china coin.  
@_date: 2017-07-27 01:35:47
When you log onto a website and it recognizes you, brings up your username and password, and invites you to click for a logon, there is an automated "contract" between yourself and the site based upon recognition of your identity. And when your automated car recognizes you by your voice, automatically confirms your identity, and takes you to your destination when you ask to go "home", all without producing your identification or specifying your address, an automatic smart contract is implied. My understanding of the practical import of the current hope for commercialization of the blockchain rests in verification of identity, removing further necessity for doing so on the assurance that the blockchain has permanently identified you and has access to every transaction you ever made based on your initial identification. Therefore, if you have registered your retina scan, and you have successfully purchased coffee based upon that established link between your neural identification and your bank account, and the blockchain has been sealed, your next scan to purchase a car will happen instantaneously without further need for identification.
@_date: 2017-07-16 15:19:27
This community just seems SO resigned to the price fall.  Is there no anger?  I have a lot of experience in the stock market.  But this bitcoin plunge isn't comparable to the rises and falls of a Starbucks or Tesla stock.  Bitcoin has been manipulated.  Its under threat.  There are good guys and bad guys.  And a lot of the bad guys are in mainland China.  People openly talk of fear that your coin will be changed, destroyed and stolen.  This isn't business.  This isn't even the normal evolution of tech business.  I'm betting the good guys win and the drama subsides.  But the brand has been injured.  Sometimes stocks don't bounce back from that.  Is there no righteous indignation?  China is taking half your bitcoin.  And the best you can offer is that your half will probably be worth more?
@_date: 2017-07-30 12:19:22
There are huge tax and security advantages to buying and holding GBTC through a traditional stock brokerage account.  While you kids are hiding bitcoin in your little wallets and probably losing your keys the smarter and bigger players are trading instantaneously on a fully regulated platform in full view of regulators and the IRS and amassing real wealth.  Guys like me don't try to hide capital gains.  Saving taxes legally is the game.  And when you're in front of a banker applying for a mortgage on your latest mansion you can pull out your brokerage statement and document your assets.  Or you can get laughed at as you pull out your little phone.  The premium on the trust share values is just a little forward of where the asset price will be.  A small price to pay for legal, tax free, internationally accepted and tradable securities regulated to SEC standards.  Let me just ask you if you think hotshot young Goldman Sachs traders are hiding bitcoin transactions in a little wallet or buying through their brokerage accounts.  Maybe you nerds aren't as smart as you think you are.  There are people in jail for tax evasion in every country on Earth.  But you go ahead and day trade bitcoin anonymously.  Just don't whine about it when the IRS comes knocking.
@_date: 2017-07-15 14:47:35
Its fruitless to argue over selling vs hodling.  There is no right answer.  If you look at traditional markets, some people have money in checking for spending, savings for the future, and 401k or gold or bonds for retirement.  And everything can be traded based on new risk.  So all avenues are appropriate.  Those of you advocating bitcoin sales then buying in again lower, remember that this triggers capital gains tax.  The IRS just said they would ignore for now small accounts under $20,000.  But that could change at any time.  This is the same problem stock day traders face.  Your stock runs up in price, you sell, but then at year end you owe 15% to the government.  Its great to be a noble nerd and not care about the money.  But in my opinion it needs to work as a currency to buy coffee, it needs to work as a temporary store of value like a savings account, and it needs to work for long term hodlers with some promise of price appreciation.  Whatever compromise or fork scares the marketplace least is desirable.  And in my personal opinion, Core is ideal, but if bitcoin splits and gives us a Chinacoin that everybody sells then karma's a bitch for those bastard miners, because I want my bitcoins to resemble the bitcoin that is the most like the bitcoin we have now.  And it breaks my heart to see the price falling, the coin's reputation and viability questioned, and our future wealth imperiled.  Its a remarkable technology.  But public relations is killing us.  Decentralization means cool things, but nobody speaks for anybody else, so we sound like a rabble, and the markets and the press are suspicious that our amazing cryptocurrency is just hot air.  I want to retire on my hodlings, and spend them down gradually.  We need stability.
@_date: 2017-07-10 15:38:27
  
Bitcoin first launched on July 5th, 2010 at 5 cents. Today, after 85.33 months, July 8, 2017 the average price is roughly $2,500. Therefore, we can solve the doubling rate in months:
As of today, Bitcoin is doubling every 5.48 months. Did you know that Moore’s law states transistors double on a circuit board every 18 months and this doubling has occurred for over 30 years?
@_date: 2017-07-15 20:14:09
Don't sell into the drop, you'll only make it worse.  In the broader stock market there are good days and bad days.  You only lose if you sell.  Once the market starts a perilous drop you hodl.  It will come back up.  The key to wise investing is to buy low and sell high.  If every dip causes you to sell you'll soon be out of money.  Everybody should stop selling now.  When the community panics we encourage less sophisticated hodlers to sell, which makes things worse.  Do not sell your bitcoin into this dip.  Say it out loud.  Do not sell your bitcoin into this dip.  Ride the market through August and see where it lands on the other side of the scaling calendar.  Do not contribute to the plunge.  If you, as a dedicated, early investor of bitcoin, sell low during a rough patch, you risk that an investor with savvy trading skills but little care for the asset will scoop up your coin.  That would be sad.
@_date: 2017-07-27 23:27:17
Some of the old money guys are never going to "get" bitcoin or understand the importance of blockchain.  They blather on about the same old stocks, year after year, and they come late to the tech party because they really don't understand it.  They love to talk about the "internet bubble" and the big crash.  And they think this is all going to disappear into thin air one day.  Marketwatch hacks write their bitcoin bubble stories as ordered by their editor bosses who are in bed with the financial sector.  And they snub their noses at bitcoin even while envying the growth and excitement.  They wish they could get that with their big pharma stocks, but there's never going to be another Viagra.  Don't worry about what old billionaires think of bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-07-09 01:21:30
In his lifetime Vincent Van Gogh was considered a failure as a painter.  Yet today his paintings can sell for $100 million dollars.  Why?  Why would paintings created by a man considered mad, no stranger to the asylum, like Sunflowers, Night Cafe and Starry night, for which there were no buyers in the galleries, sell for $50 million, $60 million and more at auction a hundred years later?  And what economic lesson does this serve to teach us?  The question is not whether Bitcoin will evolve and appreciate in value as its user base grows.  The question is what will it be in a hundred years.  And if there are economic lessons to be learned, they ought be learned quickly.  Because time is fleeting.
@_date: 2017-07-28 17:52:57
The china coin (bcc) is quickly going to lose all value.  Those of you obtaining bcc for free around Aug 1 would be well advised to sell the moment you are able.  Other altcoins may see price stress, but ultimately will rise or fall on their own merits.  Bitcoin should surge after the weight of all those miner threats is heaved aside.  I am not interested in the chinacoin at all.  As a large trader I prefer the benefits of the bitcoin trust for substantial holdings and Coinbase for spendable amounts of btc.  I am not withdrawing from those positions and the decision of the exchange to not support the china coin or accumulate it suits my personal desires perfectly.  There is too much frothiness and worry about the Aug 1 chain of events.  This mad rush to depart the exchanges for fears of security or desires for bcc is much ado about nothing.  Bcc will be mined until it is worthless;  an accumulation of air.  It isn't ever going to be a world currency.  Maybe you can buy a cup of coffee with it someday in Beijing.  But Bitcoin, that is going to be something big, something remarkable and valuable.  I get up every day believing that Bitcoin is an important part of the future.  I don't give financial advice.  But on a personal level I believe a man would be smart to buy as much bitcoin as he can lay his hands on, and a Coinbase vault or something similar seems safer to me than some "wallet". 
@_date: 2017-07-05 15:10:56
China is reacting to the flood of money leaving China.  It is desperate to stem the flow.  Bitcoin is a threat.
@_date: 2017-07-10 04:02:35
Do not underestimate the growth potential of the trust, with or without SEC approval for ETF status.  But obviously, a true ETF would open the market.  I think Silbert should do the equivalent of a stock split, making the trust shares more affordable.  10-1 would get them down to $40.  100-1 would get them down to $4.  1,000-1 would get them down to .40 cents.  Let the premium float.  Create some new Bitcoin millionaires.  A little hype in the marketplace can jumpstart a technology.  Barry Silbert is a smart guy and he's carrying the water on this ETF right now.  He needs to kick existing trust share owners up beyond the current premium if he takes the trust ETF.  A guy sitting on a hundred k of trust shares now ought to bump up to ten million ETF.
@_date: 2017-07-23 00:37:12
   Its been a while since the bitcoin trust (GBTC) was at 539 a share.  That was back when bitcoin hit $3,000.  So the Rothschild trust is definitely underwater on this trade as it was trading at 390 Friday.  With that said, bitcoin is going to go higher, much higher, and this is further confirmation.  And for those of you who like to trash the trust, it has a great many things going for it.  For large investors it allows you to buy and hold through your brokerage of choice, trade instantly, and pay tax the way you normally do on stocks.  You don't need to be a tech and manage your own wallet.  And the premium to asset price disappears as the asset price rises.  The trust is able to be purchased by institutional investors who are subject to investment guidelines and can't maintain private wallets.  And the trust is managed by Barry Silbert's group which includes Coinbase and they are regulated by SEC rules for exchange traded securities.  Silbert's group has great flexibility if they ever want to split the trust to make it more affordable after substantial bitcoin appreciation.  And certain safeguards that matter to large investors are present that will never be present in private wallets that can be stolen, lost or otherwise encumbered.
    
I am aware that the bitcoin trust is not the vehicle of choice for the tech community, which worries a lot about borders and central banks and evading the purview of the IRS.  But large investors are more accustomed to buying and selling registered securities on stock exchanges and compliance with existing capital gains taxes; they simply aren't interested in investments that appear to skirt the rules.  So before you impugn the bitcoin trust you should know that this type of security is what exists in every country with a stock exchange that sells etf products, bonds and stocks and mutual funds.  Its necessary for investors to be able to access this type of security.  And investment advisors and stock brokers worldwide will soon be telling clients to consider the bitcoin trust.  When the 401k managers of Americans can begin pouring 401k money into bitcoin the wealth potential will increase.  The trust has gotten some bad press because of a couple of journalists who are regularly bashing what they don't really understand.  But if you wanted to drop a hundred grand of your retirement money into bitcoin tomorrow I would strongly support your decision to buy GBTC shares instead of trusting your money to a wallet.
@_date: 2017-07-05 20:44:33
If you're in the U.S. you will have to provide a paper trail for the source of your funds to the underwriter for the loan.  Some document evidencing before and after ownership of bitcoin, a sale doc, a commensurate amount deposited in the bank.  Give them what you have and hope the underwriter goes for it.  Lenders can be tough.  Bitcoin is new to mortgage lenders.  Federal banking regulations don't recognize it.  You may have to bounce to a new lender, or abandon your attempt to rely upon this cash in your application.  Investors in Bitcoin recognize the real value of Bitcoin which derives from its decentralized nature and its ability to render existing banking systems and global financial networks useless by creating a peer to peer ecosystem for transaction settlement.  This may be inconsistent with financial reporting regulations used by traditional banks in lending qualification.  Test your ability to overcome this obstacle and report back to us.  My strong suspicion is that lenders will accept the "explanation" that funds came from Bitcoin sales if the proceeds are deposited to a traditional bank account rendering them taxable at year end.  In theory if you sold a baseball card collection or comics or an antique car and wanted to use the funds for a down payment on a house you would be in the same boat.  See if your mortgage lender will accept a simple analogy.  