@_author: boazwildcat
@_date: 2018-08-11 05:48:12
scott _rogers_S C A M G U R U
Why would a successful mining operation be recruiting buyers through instagram DMs? How would they mine your coins before your payment when your payment is what powers their mining? Think this through buddy.
@_date: 2018-07-31 13:09:23
This was written in 2014. My big question is about the theoretical “speculative attack” he mentions, which would involve devaluing a weak currency (Indian rupee in his example) by 
1) high demand for BTC in India drives up the BTC/Rupee trading pair, with 1 BTC being worth significantly more rupees than previously.
2) Foreigners with a stronger currency (in his example, American USD) are unaffected by the BTC/rupee pair, &amp; continue to buy BTC at a relatively cheap price.
3) Foreigners see the demand in India, driving up the BTC price, &amp; sell them for a gain.
4) Foreigners are paid in weaker currency, which they sell for their local currency (USD/rupee pair in the example). This further weakens the currency relative to the already-stronger currency (rupee becomes worth less compared to USD)
5)  A feedback loop starts, where the weak currency becomes less &amp; less valuable as long as BTC is in especially high demand in that nation, until the government finances either have to start holding better currency (BTC or USD) or go insolvent because their weak currency just became worthless. 
Now, I know India is being skittish towards cryptocurrency right now, so the particulars of the example might not be realistic at the moment Substitute the rupee for some other currency &amp; it still seems plausible. My questions:
A) Author thought in 2014 that this kind of attack isn’t plausible until BTC reaches a $50 Billion market cap. Today BTC market cap is $136 Billion, &amp; Ethereum is $44 Billion. So has an attack like this been made involving BTC yet?
B) Is fear of a speculative attack using BTC a major motive for countries trying to ban, or at least control, cryptocurrencies?
C) Couldn’t this happen by playing any two strong currencies against a weaker one? Is BTC special because it has worldwide appeal? (No regular Indian citizen thinks about the British Pound, for example, but BTC has hype &amp; utility as a digital currency)
Thanks for thinking through this with me. Have a blessed day.