@_author: bobabouey
@_date: 2016-08-04 00:43:22
That is what I thought, but wanted to make sure, thanks for clarifying.
@_date: 2016-08-03 14:55:18
At least he is frugal with his hookers.
@_date: 2016-08-04 18:33:14
You didn't deposit USD into a bank or something similar.  You deposited USD into an offshore private company with limited financial information available, for the purpose of having that company lend the dollars to speculators, some on margin, of various cryptocurrencies.
It doesn't seem any less risky than investing in cryptos to me.
I think that whichever approach bitfinex takes (individualized or socialized lossses), the losing side is likely to get together to sue.  There is enough money at stake, and the legal issues are complex.  There are arguments the accounts were segregated, and there are arguments they are not.
And, if they take the individualized approach, those who get their money / crypto out are not home free.  If the company later goes in to bankruptcy, those payments could be pursued as preference payments, subject to disgorgement.
@_date: 2016-08-04 19:27:41
One example does not go to the overall risk of depositing USD in a crytpo exchange for the purpose of margin lending. I believe Mt. Gox dipped into cash deposits.
And the fact that there is cash in THEIR (bitfinex's) accounts does not mean your accounts are unaffected.  Per Zane:




In fact, there are arguments that unaffected bitcoin accounts have a better argument against socialized losses than cash depositors.  Bitcoin accounts were actually segregated accounts via the bitgo system.  I don't believe cash deposits are segregated at all.  Cash depositors may therefore just be a general creditor. 
Like I say, I think this goes to litigation whichever way bitfinex chooses.  This is a multi-national case where different jurisdictions are going to have different standards, and would probably be the first case to consider how to treat a bitgo "segregated" account, amongst other novel crypto issues.
@_date: 2016-08-04 00:37:18
Did you actually talk to him, or was it by email / IMs / etc.?
@_date: 2016-08-03 03:05:28
Bitfinex users had the choice to use Bitfinex, which touted their bitgo individualized wallets, vs. other trading platforms / wallets...
As for the 2FA question, none of us know how the bitfinex hack occurred.  But it does appear that all users were not equally hacked.
Not saying any of this is "fair", I'm just responding to your original comment:


The complexities of mult-sig and other factors suggest the answers to this question are not that simple...
@_date: 2016-08-04 21:17:11
Fair point if no positions.
Another thing I wonder is whether cash depositors who had active USD loans have a claim against the borrowers, indirectly.  Zane's point is that you lent dollars secured by bitcoin purchases, and the bitcoin are now gone.  But having a security for a loan does not necessarily mean the loan is void when the security is lost, just that it is harder to collect.
And margin / leveraged / futures accounts in regular brokerage can definitely go negative.
And from BFX's terms of service:
You may lose more than is in your various wallets on the Site if you engage in financing on the Site. When financing is used for trading, the margin loan carries risk if the value of your bitcoins drops. If the value of your bitcoins drops below a certain level, you are responsible for responding to this market circumstance with cash or additional Digital Tokens satisfactory to Bitfinex. 
@_date: 2016-08-03 03:19:20
Bitfinex is fucked regardless.  Although if they don't have the funds to satisfy the +$70m of losses, the fact they are fucked doesn't really help customers who suffered loss, given the concept of limited liability corporations.
The question is which of Bitfinex's creditors (including customers) are fucked.  And here, the concept of individual wallets with multi-sig control is a real factor.
If you are a customer at a bank with a safe deposit account, and a thief steals a bunch of those safe accounts, but not yours, should you share in the losses of those unfortunates who have had their safe accounts stolen?
Yes, the first remedy should be against the bank.  But if the bank can't satisfy the losses of those who's safe accounts were stolen, should the holders of safe deposit accounts that were not compromised suffer a pro-rata loss on what was in the accounts of affected accounts because of the bank's security?  The parallels to multi-sig are significant.  
@_date: 2016-08-10 14:29:14
I think Bitfinex is more complicated than Gox.
Gox was one jurisdiction, two assets in co-mingled accounts.  USD and bitcoin creditors never really at odds.  The bankruptcy itself is probably not as complex as the underlying investigation of what happened.
Bitfinex is multi-jurisdictional - BVI and Hong Kong at a minimum.  Multiple assets - USD, bitcoin, alts, margin lenders, margin traders.  Some assets in co-mingled accounts, some were in segregated accounts.  The segregated accounts have different attributes.  I.e. for non-verified US bitcoin accounts, BFX had 2 of the 3 keys, for others, users may have had one of the keys.  For USD accounts, it appears some of the US accounts were segregated via Synapsepay.
And maybe bitgo and Synapsepay get involved.
So unlike Gox, in Bitfinex, the creditors are not just fighting with the company, but with each other over who takes how much of a haircut, and possibly with other companies.  And the fact that it involves crypto instead of traditional financial assets means it will be less obvious what precedents apply.
@_date: 2016-08-05 01:25:41
Interesting.  Although I just saw this, it appears that this doesn't apply to all US accounts.


@_date: 2016-08-04 22:36:24
Not sure about the relevance of the FDIC insurance, that is just if the bank that holds the funds goes under, not if BFX suffers losses that encumber their claim on the cash.  And it looks like it might be the total for BFX's account with Synapsepay, not per BFX cash depositor.
As for the purpose of your deposit, again, fair point.  But I don't see anything in bankruptcy code that cares about your intents in deciding whether your claim is preferred / segregated, or part of the general pool of unsecured creditors.
@_date: 2016-08-03 02:41:50
It is an interesting legal question, but arguably it is part of the pros and cons of choosing a multi-sig address based exchange.
Coinbase, as one example, lets you elect to use their vault system, or a multi-sig system, or nothing.  If Coinbase was only hacked on their multi-sig wallet services, should vault users and other users also suffer?  What about if users who had no vault or multi-sig security were the only ones affected, should the vault / multi-sig users bear the risk of users who used less / other security?
Or what if all users who did not have 2FA enabled were hacked, should users who used 2FA suffer the losses of those who didn't?
@_date: 2016-08-04 20:23:00
Fine, but I don't think the US bankruptcy code will care about that small relative degree of risk.  It cares if you are a preferred creditor, or a general creditor.  Different general creditors can take much different risk, but they are all in the same pool.  Unless you can show legal arguments why USD lenders are preferred or segregated accounts, you are a general creditor.
And you signed the same terms of service, whereby BFX pretty much disclaimed all liability for any losses you suffer.  So if they say the dollar loans are impaired because the borrower of the loan lost their bitcoin through a hack, and therefore can't repay the loan, aren't you out of luck?
@_date: 2016-08-23 18:41:50
I don't think they are saying the auction sale price $590, just saying that the 2,700 bitcoin are "worth" $1.6m, no doubt based on market prices around the time the article was written.
@_date: 2016-04-12 16:09:12


Presumably the author must be running a ponzi that only promises 27%!
@_date: 2016-04-26 18:17:02
141,101 at the end of 2015.  
@_date: 2016-04-30 14:43:20
Its not quite as bad as that, in an IPO, they can buy you out at the original price, but that is after having paid you for the increased value due to an IPO.  Still, they acknowledge you lose the future upside post-IPO.  
@_date: 2016-04-25 01:21:02
Have you read zerohedge comments?  There is no educating going on there!
@_date: 2016-04-13 20:05:52
Then again, most people recommend that for best practices, not much bitcoin be kept on a hot wallet. Let alone a mobile hot wallet.
So how is funding a lightning network wallet any different?
@_date: 2016-04-27 21:47:16
OK, but I don't see any ability to convert the SARs into B shares in the case of an IPO, as it does provide in the case you start paying dividends.
So if I want to continue to benefit, I have to buy new IPO shares with the proceeds.  This means I will take more of a tax hit, and if I don't have liquidity, will not be able to pay shares until after the IPO, which could be more expensive.
@_date: 2016-04-30 15:42:50
Does the SAR get paid out pre-ipo, so you can participate at the ipo price, or would you have to buy on the after-market?  If the latter, there could be slippage in the price.
@_date: 2016-04-26 19:11:10
Agreed.  And I'm not arguing GBTC is worth the current premium, just saying it isn't a simple matter of a 20-30% tax adjusted value.
@_date: 2016-04-26 17:51:13
If you are an accredited investor.  And, you can't sell them for a year to a third party, and currently redemptions by the fund are suspended due to an SEC issue.
@_date: 2016-04-26 18:08:52
The tax calculation is more tricky than it looks.
There are two general types of 401k / IRAs.  Traditional ones let you put pre-tax money in.  There are then no dividend or capital gains taxes paid on investments.  When you hit retirement age, you can take out money at your tax rate in the future (theory being you are earning less, so you will be at a lower tax threshold.)
So say you have $10k of income to invest.  If you buy bitcoin directly that income is taxed, which I think is what you were trying to account for with your 20-30% premium.  If you put it in traditional 401k, you aren't.
However, you are missing the longer term effects.  First, instead of having $7k of bitcoin in play, you have $10k.  Second, if you do decide to sell your bitcoin before retirement, you aren't paying taxes on any gains, and you can use the full amount of those gains to invest in something else.  Third, when you do pay taxes on those gains, they may be lower.
Now the even more interesting one for GBTC / bitcoin is the Roth IRA.  For these, you put after-tax money in, the gains grow tax free AND when you withdraw after age of 59.5, you don't pay taxes.
So in that case, the benefits of a high risk investment in bitcoin - even at the premium commanded by GBTC -  could be huge (but obviously also lots of risk).
@_date: 2018-01-18 12:53:32
Insider trading is not the same as market manipulation in many jurisdictions.  
And there are arguments that insider trading promotes market efficiency and should not be illegal, although they are not mainstream.  
@_date: 2016-04-27 16:56:34
Still, in your scenario, after the repurchase, you lose future rights to appreciation after the IPO?  
@_date: 2016-04-12 16:12:08
But now he works for them.  There is an argument that the best way for a regulator to get a plush in-house job is to be as tough a regulator as possible.
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:42:46
He did and said they haven’t moved. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:38:44
I’m not sure you understand what ethnicity means in the context of religion.   Jewish is largely considered an ethnicity as it a matrilineal system and did not promote conversion.  Christianity and Islam are not limited in that manner, which is probably why they are much larger and ethnically diverse. It isn’t an insult. 
@_date: 2015-12-10 22:58:28
I think Craig is a scam artist, and it is not unreasonable that "Bitcoin Belle" might have played a part in it, knowingly or unknowingly.
Here is my theory on his end-game from reviewing the various leaked documents.
The Hotwire administrator report makes it pretty clear why the ATO (Australian Taxation Office) was after him.  
If you look at page 9, there is a description of how Hotwire was funded via bitcoin from Craig, and then used that bitcoin to purchase IP rights from the Wright Family Trust.  That trust itself had received the IP from Craig.  Extract is below
Pretty circular, right?
Page 5 says that the initial equity of the Company came from a $30m bitcoin investment, and that $29m of that was paid, in bitcoin, to the trust.  As Wired notes, that $30m of bitcoin  would have been 1.6% of outstanding bitcoin at that time (June 2013).  
Now the interesting thing is that based on "investing" in that IP, in 2014 Hotwire had claimed a $3.1m GST refund, and an R&amp;D credit of $9.6m.  The report notes the ATO was investigating those claims before paying them.  The report also notes prior R&amp;D credits were paid in 2013.  See Page 20.
So it looks like other than the $1m of bitcoin supposedly retained, the major cash source was expected to be tax rebates.
Now, leaving aside the bitcoin questions, I would not be surprised that the ATO was skeptical of the circular nature of the transaction.  Were the assets fairly valued, given the related party issues?  But I'm no Australian tax expert.
But given the size of the bitcoin "investment", I further wonder if that bitcoin ever existed, or was transacted.  The report doesn't have any meaningful discussion of how the bitcoin was verified to have been funded and then paid to the trust.  It may have been smoke and mirrors.  For example, Craig could have claimed to just assign the private key to the company and then the trust, so no blockchain record could be found.  It is interesting that the ATO transcript does note on page 2 that what was previously called a "transfer" was actually an "assignment of rights" in bitcoin, and no bitcoin was "physically exchanged".  
So where does the Satoshi angle come in?
ATO comes in, starts asking difficult questions.  Craig knows that at some point they aren't just going to rely on legal documents talking about the transfer of bitcoin among the entities, and maybe they'll start to understand better how it works and want to see blockhain evidence and private key signatures.
Craig knows he not only doesn't have the bitcoin in the IP trust, but can't show any reliable proof that he ever earned that much bitcoin.  Not paying taxes is bad, but defrauding the ATO for R&amp;D credits that they pay out in cash, REALLY BAD.  What to do?
If only you were actually Satoshi, you've got tons of bitcoin!  And you really didn't want to tell this to the world, that is why you initially hid it from the ATO.  But then you got outed - against your will!  Extorted even!  Can I get some sympathy?
Ok fine, but if you are Satoshi, prove it, and we're glad that you now have a good source of funds to pay any liabilities.
Ah, about that, Craig now says.  In those leaked documents the hacker got from me, you'll see I actually put it in to another trust, way back in 2011.  (In fact, I may have been a little guilty of trying to hide that money from ATO at the time, but it was unclear if it was taxable in those early days, and even if it was, the value at the time of the transfer was not that much, so the penalty for that should not be too much.  Sorry!)  
And that trust provided the bitcoin would be locked up until 2020.  But the trust provided the trustee could loan it back to me for bitcoin related businesses, such as Hotwire.  So that is why I don't have proof of owning the bitcoin, it was really just a bitcoin denominated loan from that trust, to me, then to Hotwire, then to the Family Trust.
Oh, and by the way the trustee died.  He had some health and mental issues towards the end, his affairs were a mess.  We can't find the private keys.  Poor me!
As for Bitcoin Belle, other than her performance on that video, I don't know much about her.  But a little google-fu shows she is a tax denier who recently owed the IRS over $600k.  See description and link to a video here:    
Tax deniers are the epitome of gullible conspiracy theorists.  It doesn't seem a stretch to think that Craig scammed her to get on this panel by hinting at the coming reveal. 
Edit: typos.
@_date: 2015-12-11 04:03:36
Has my counter.  
She isn't just a tax denier, she is a state vehicle registration denier.
I rest my case.
@_date: 2015-12-14 03:50:27
No, you have to pay estimated taxes April 15 if you don't have all information to make final tax payments at that time, and apply for a six month extension.
I.e. if you have invested in partnerships, etc., you won't get their final tax returns until September 15.  The partnership will give you estimated info before April 15.  You file for an extension and pay your estimated taxes at that time.
If your actual taxes deviate too much from estimated, you have to pay the difference.  And if your estimate is materially different from the actual, you also pay penalties.
@_date: 2015-12-20 15:25:59
Since GBTC trades like a regular security, it can be purchased in some tax advantaged funs like a 401k or IRA.  
Money that goes into those is pre-tax.  So many people have more funds in those accounts than in brokerage accounts. And if you buy in one of those funds, you can sell without capital gains at the time of the sale.  However, when you take money out of those funds in retirement, they will count as income.  However, the hope is you are in a lower tax bracket at that time as you aren't earning much money, so you pay less in capital gains.
@_date: 2015-12-20 15:16:51
The shares bought directly from the trust are the ones that are illiquid, in the sense that they can't be sold on the OTC until held for a year.  Those shares can only be purchased by accredited investors.
Those shares are purchased at market rates, and don't have a public market.  
After those shares are held for a year, they can then be sold on the OTC.  It is those OTC shares that are trading at a premium to BTC.  The theory for the premium is that they can be purchased using a regular brokerage account, and more interestingly for some people, that they can be purchased in a tax advantaged plan like a 401k or IRA.
@_date: 2015-12-13 16:36:02
Even if it is a currency, it would still be taxable above a de-minimus amount, I think $200.
And as a currency, it might be taxable as ordinary income.
Unfortunately, taxation of bitcoin gains as a commodity makes complete logical sense from the IRS' perspective, it isn't going away.
@_date: 2015-06-01 16:58:10
Bad reporting by bloomberg.  The "bitcoin" referenced in FT-Coin was actually meant to be "bitcoin like" in that it would be subject to a public ledger, and possibly have a limit on issuance:
" To make sure that the system is fully transparent and that transactions are completely free, FT-coin could be run by a Bitcoin-like algorithm designed and supervised by an independent non-governmental national authority. Just as in the case of Bitcoin, the total amount of FT-coins can be fixed in advance, at least in relation to a variable not in the government’s control (i.e. nominalGDP), while every single transaction (including the tax extinction using FT-coins) is monitored fully by the community of FT-coin users on the basis of the blockchain pioneered by the infamous Mr Nakamoto."  
@_date: 2015-12-11 04:01:07
This is awesome.  And to think that accused me of unfairly accusing her of being a tax denier, when in fact she is a "vehicle registration denier!"
I think there are a lot of things wrong with the USA.  Perpetual War, militarization of the Police, erosion of civil rights due to war on terror, etc...  
But on the flip side, watching a magistrate judge and junior traffic prosecutor arguing with a free stater over a $103.00 failure to register offense where she takes the fifth and argues for nullification?  Sometimes the state is right!
@_date: 2015-06-23 13:11:28
@_date: 2015-12-11 02:52:33
And leaving aside the more complex theories, watch the bitcoin belle video in its entirety if you can stand it... Or jump to 31:55 for one example.
Basically, he says "Everyone continues to think too small" about BTC in terms of viewing it as "just" a currency.  The examples he then gives are basically document authentication by hashing onto the blockchain...  Yeah, that is something no-one really thinks about, must be Satoshi!
And the Turing complete thing that Szabo scoffs at but VaughPerling says could be achieved in a soft fork seems to just be parroting some recent posting by Jeff Garzik.
And a minor point.  The wired article has 5 quotes from Craig using the word "bloody" in emails.  Has anyone ever seen that phrasing in any real SN emails?
And PS, he calls bitcoin "Bee Tee Cee"...
@_date: 2015-06-03 18:20:24
Exactly, unsecured bondholders of the top level holding company, nut customers of the operating entities.
The "bail in" discussion does not relate to the "debt" of a bank that is in the form of customer deposits, but the debt the bank issues to sophisticated investors to finance its operations.
The idea is that this corporate debt issued by the top level holding company would contain triggers such that if the bank's equity falls below required levels, the debt converts to equity, or is written off in some other way. This helps restore equity levels and limit circumstances where customer deposits suffer losses.
Here is a good article describing things with lots of links (US focused): 
UK discussion:  "Such a strategy would involve the bail-in (write-down or conversion) of creditors at the top of the group in order to restore the whole group to solvency." (re. Top group, or holding company, there is this later: "assets of the holding companies of U.S. and U.K. G-SIFIs tend to comprise little more than the equity stakes in the operating subsidiaries.")
@_date: 2015-12-10 23:59:48
She does argue that she should resist laws she thinks are unjust, ok.  But she repeats some of the classic tax denier views on why she shouldn't have to pay ANY taxes, including that it makes her a slave.
EDIT - regardless, I don't think there is enough here to suspect her of anything, the point is really more about Craig.  
@_date: 2015-12-21 03:07:22
Agreed, I was trying to keep it simple by talking about traditional IRAs / 401ks.
@_date: 2015-12-10 00:03:22
Yes, if IRA or self directed, you can. 
But before this it was definitely more difficult. 
But I 
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:12:50
With regard to lightning, yes, full blocks may accelerate adoption. But by the same token, they have already accelerated use of altcoins for the same reason. 
Long term, I can understand alts may also need second layer solutions eventually, but I feel like that is a long ways away. 
So in the near term, what is the advantage of lightning over using an alt for faster /quicker payments. In both cases, you need to pay a bitcoin fee to get it on and off the bitcoin block chain to the cheaper network. 
@_date: 2015-06-19 00:26:21
The sad fact is that the cost of suing would be far more than the $20k recovery.  So while people can joke about the fact that he was a nice Canadian in not suing, he was really just a rational businessman doing his best to get back what he could from a struggling company.
@_date: 2014-06-04 00:50:34
This is not about capital gains, but receiving cash greater than $10k in a single, or related, transactions, while conducting business.
Capital gains are separate, and basically any capital gain, regardless of size, is reportable.
@_date: 2014-06-27 22:14:09
Wow, that is very interesting.  Temasek has a big presence in Finance and Tech:  
If they get more enthusiastic, it would be very easy for them to direct their portfolio companies to investigate it as well.
@_date: 2014-12-19 21:22:26
It seems like you require each party to make a security deposit equal to the bitcoin they want to buy.
I'd read about this approach somewhere else in more detail.
But it seems to have two big problems:
1 - It means only people with bitcoin equal to the amount they want to buy, can buy bitcoin for fiat
2 - It means that deposit is tied up during the time the bank transfer takes place
So new potential buyers will be turned off by 1, and traders will be turned off by 2.
Best of luck though.
@_date: 2014-02-08 21:17:29
You can check password strength here:
I really like to pet my cat: 26120663919492668 centuries with $180k password attacker
bOoTs1995: Less than a day
@_date: 2014-04-19 23:20:06
You are citing to an article discussing proposed legislation that was never passed.
The other senator is saying no changes are necessary because there are already laws in the book that means renouncing citizenship does not allow someone to skip out on taxes, as you are required to pay taxes based on the value of your assets when you renounce, whereas in other cases you only pay cap gains when there is a realization even (sale, trade, etc.).
@_date: 2014-12-13 05:34:09
Meanwhile, BIT holds an estimated 134,853 XBT, including over 28,000 purchased since November.
@_date: 2014-08-19 16:11:22
I doubt they only expected 9% though.  Don't you find it even a little disappointing?
@_date: 2014-12-21 01:07:40
I disagree, I think the case was not really about Bitcoin, it was more about basic compliance with the law in a regulated industry - money transmitting.
As Charlie noted in "the rise and rise of bitcoin", "I spend thousands of dollars on lawyers every day just to make sure that I'm not gonna go to jail."
I.e. his Company wisely spent money on lawyers to ensure they would comply with the law.  They registered with Fincen, as they were aware the were a money-transmitting business.
The Company then appointed Shrem as Chief Compliance Officer with the responsibility to make sure the Company adopted policies consistent with the the law, as advised by lots of lawyers, and enforce those policies.
One of those policies was to require verification for parties transacting more than $3k (one or more orders), and requiring verification of paying party, where that paying party was not the one placing order. See 22.d here: 
It came to Charlie / Bitinstant's attention that Faiella was selling bitcoin on the Silkroad, and was also violating both of the above policies. With this knowledge, he sent an email banning Faiella (32.a of prior link), and then in another email, described how Faiella could get around those rules in the future (32.i of prior link).
As the same patterns of Faiella popped up again, the ~~CEO~~ (edit - co-founder, not sure if CEO) of the Company questioned them, and advised they enforce their ban.  Charlie continued to push back against banning them, as they were making money off him. (34-35 of prior link)
Charlie even kept spreadsheets showing how much business they had transacted with Faiella, and gave him volume discounts.  So you have the Chief Compliance Officer, in charge of enforcing a policy of no more than $3k per customer without verification (among others), actively helping a customer violate those policies and keeping a record of it!
There is even more evidence of ***wilful*** and **knowing** violations of the law by Charlie in the filing, give it a read.
I feel bad for Charlie and wish HSBC had been prosecuted, but what Charlie did was far more flagrant than poor oversight. It was purposeful assistance of a customer to violate Bitinstant's policies / the law. And it was done by the Chief Compliance Officer who should have been enforcing those rules.
@_date: 2015-12-11 02:26:52
Someone who is willing to join a panel with Nick Szabo and other big hitters and nonchalantly state that he has so many masters and doctorates that he can't remember off hand probably has delusions of grandeur sufficient that he thinks he could pull off something this crazy.
And I don't think he planned it this way.  He probably started small thinking he could con the ATO out of some tax credits, and kept getting deeper and deeper.
Edit: Butchered the spelling of nonchalantly.
@_date: 2014-09-12 20:16:48
Kim Dotcom is not a US citizen.
Kim's recent victories have been with the New Zealand search warrants under New Zealand law.
US 4th amdt and wiretapping laws have very little to do with his case.
@_date: 2014-01-21 22:05:52
I think it was stated that the Andreesen Horowitz owns no bitcoin.  That makes sense, it is a VC investment firm, it invests in companies, net currency or commodities.  And, as a limited partner of the fund, why would you want to pay a VC management fees and performance bonuses (2 &amp; 20) for buying something you could buy directly.
I don't know that Marc Andreessen himself has stated he hasn't bought any. [CORRECTION - Editor's note in article itself says Marc owns only a de-minimus amount]
@_date: 2014-08-19 15:54:12
Why didn't they say that before the crowdsale?  Sounded like damage control to me.  And FYI I did buy a small amount of Storj because I'm curious about the concept, even if skeptical about its success.
@_date: 2014-12-20 16:32:22
@_date: 2014-06-06 19:53:27
Actually, just the account number and routing information can be used to pull cash from an account in the US.
Which is amazing, since they are printed on every check.
@_date: 2014-03-05 14:42:22
When a company deposits money at a bank, they are lending the bank money.  The customer should do diligence on the bank to make sure they are creditworthy.
When a bank lends money to a company, they should do diligence on that company, to make sure they are creditworthy.
Gox deposited money with the bank.  Bank did not lend money to Gox.
And you deposited money with Gox, you should have done diligence on Gox.
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:51:01
But his gmail appears not to have been compromised, so how does a keylogger get him the blockchain 2FA code that was emailed to his gmail?
And if the hacker had access to the backup, then why even bother logging into blockchain?
@_date: 2014-04-18 17:06:46
Capital losses can offset Capital gains, 1 for 1.  But once you use them up offsetting against capital gains, you can only offset $3,000 a year against income.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:33:07
An earlier discussion on this brought up the interesting idea of a disclosure "canary."  Make a statement on a periodic basis that you are not subject to certain types of gag orders / investigations.  Then, when you don't make that disclosure, implication  is that you are now subject to a gag order.
See, e.g.: 
And even this is untested.
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:22:50
That counts as selling / spending.
@_date: 2014-01-21 04:46:34
Mick Jagger at least spent some time at LSE studying accounting:  
And not that you mentioned him, but David Bowie sold "Bowie Bonds", the first instance of bonds backed by intellectual property.
Some wealthy rock stars probably do understand economics and finance.  It appears Geldof is not one of them.
@_date: 2014-09-17 15:09:12
Not sure I would expect great security from a guy who admits:  
"Well, I like the standard of living that we have in Japan. I have forgotten my laptop on a park bench numerous times, and each time someone brought it back to me."
@_date: 2014-01-23 14:16:37
Community rules, on the right:
"Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy."
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:21:12
Your points are well argued, but the one thing I wonder is why the AG does not make the same argument.
I.e. in the section discussing whether the actual search (not discovery of IP address) was valid, they first argue: "A Warrant Was Not Required for the Search of the Silk Road Server" and "The Silk Road Server Was Searched by Foreign Law Enforcement Authorities to Whom the Fourth Amendment Does Not Apply."
But then they argue in the alternative: "Even Assuming the Search of the Silk Road Server Was Subject to the Fourth  Amendment, the Search Was Reasonable and Did Not Require a Warrant."
Whereas for the IP address, their argument seems entirely focused on: "The FBI located the SR Server through means that were entirely lawful,  by identifying its true IP address through publicly accessible information that Ulbricht apparently did not realize was visible to anyone who visited the Silk Road website."
Why wouldn't they also argue, to use your language: "Even if the FBI / NSA hacked the Silk Road and modified it in a way to leak information to the FBI, the evidence remains admissible.
Also worth noting that they have two citations to similar episodes where someone using Tor mistakenly may have intended to hide their IP address to different degrees, but failed to.
The implication to me, without having studied this area of the law, is that there is a legitimate concern that if the IP address was obtained through "hacking" information that the user had appropriately made private without such hacking, it may be inadmissible.
@_date: 2014-07-01 21:13:27
There likely aren't any adverse / annoying  tax consequences to being paid in bitcoin.  The issue is when you spend them, but that issue is no different than for any bitcoin spending transaction.
If bitcoin are to be issued at same time as check / ACH, the company can process all payroll related taxes (FICA, witholdings, etc.) based on the dollar value of the salary.  The total dollar earnings to employee are the same - which is what the IRS cares about for income - regardless of how many bitcoin are received.
The income tax from the bitcoin received will be treated the same as the dollars - if employee elected the right withholdings, no taxes next April 15.  If over withheld, tax refund next year.  If under withheld, tax payment next year.
Capital gains will then apply when those bitcoin are spent, with basis equal to the dollar value on the payroll date.
So on the receiving side, simpler than mining, since employer will deal with withholding at time "earned" (miners need to make quarterly estimated payments).  
And no difference at all when spent.  But yes, spending the bitcoin will require capital gains treatment.  Which is a hassle.  Which hassle is offset if the value of bitcoin increases by the capital gains you will have earned.
Any tax experts (there are some good ones on the reddit), please correct if I've gotten wrong.
@_date: 2014-06-20 18:08:29
I agree this means SecondMarket can't / doesn't want to bid for all the Bitcoins for sale.
But, that may not be surprising, or bad news. They previously announced they were pursuing a syndicate to purchase the coin.  The larger parties SecondMarket might have hoped to join may have just decided to bid directly.  Why pay a fee to SecondMarket if you can bid directly.  And the lot size of 3k is not really that big for an institution or high-new-worth individual, its only $1.8m at $600 per coin.
So SecondMarket is left trying to pick up some fees from smaller investors.
I also think this structure is doomed to fail if there is interest from larger buyers.  It seems like they are going to aggregate the bids, and then if the bid is successful, each bidder gets their coin at their offer price.
I.e. Say B1 bids $650 for 1500, B2 bids 600 for 1500.  
Total offer is $1.875m, at $625 per coin.
So B2 has subsidized B1's purchase.
So this makes it even less likely that an individual syndicate bidder will bid high, IMO.
@_date: 2014-12-09 03:04:49
Are you saying that Coinbase terminated your account because you (i) did a transaction with another wallet that you do not think violated any terms of service and then (ii) the other wallet did something that did violated terms or Fincen, and then (iii) Coinbase then terminated your account?
This would be quite concerning.  But I can't tell if that is what you are saying.  
And, I also wonder if it may be simpler, and you were simply selling bitcoin on craigslist and using your coinbase account to make those sales.  As you note, you make your business "trading and selling bitcoins for cash."  I could see Coinbase not wanting to (having legal obligations not to) facilitate that.
@_date: 2014-05-29 18:48:19
I'm not sure why there would be a correlation between what you call "money inflow" (estimated value of total coins mined at the time of their mining) and the market cap. (total value of coins in existence).
What point are you trying to make?
@_date: 2014-06-28 20:03:57
Agree.  And if he wins with an above market bid, he won't want to let people know he potentially overpaid.
Another interesting dynamic is what information bidders will derive from losing.  If a bidder bids at or above market, and loses, then it would indicate other big players think market price is undervalued, which might incent the bidder to buy up in the open market even if it drives up the price.
@_date: 2014-12-16 00:55:16
"Our bitcoins are obviously kept completely separately at blockchain.info so there is absolutely nothing that could be at risk."
@_date: 2014-10-27 21:38:08
Article from WSJ, link and text pasted below.
I like this part: "But getting LedgerX approved isn’t simple. The company would have to prove to the agency that the underlying market, in this case bitcoin, isn’t easily manipulated, Mr. Newsome said. It would have to also show that it is capable of operating an exchange and that it can establish sufficient surveillance of market makers to note when suspicious activity takes place."
Hmmm, CFTC, meet Willy and Mr. Bearwhale!
LedgerX Hopes to Establish First U.S.-Regulated Futures Exchange for Bitcoin
COMMODITY FUTURES
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION
GOOGLE VENTURES
LIGHTSPEED VENTURE PARTNERS
   24  73    
By  YULIYA CHERNOVA
 CONNECT
 
A new startup out of New York called LedgerX LLC has recruited big financial-industry names to its board of directors and raised venture funding from Lightspeed Venture Partners, Google Ventures and others to add a dose of legitimacy to the bitcoin market.
LedgerX hopes to become the country’s first bitcoin futures exchange with Uncle Sam’s blessing. It submitted applications to the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC, which regulates U.S. futures and options exchanges, in late September to be approved as a derivatives exchange with bitcoin as the underlying asset to be traded, according to LedgerX co-founder and Chief Executive Paul Chou.
Supporters of the company, which was started this year by former Goldman Sachs high-frequency traders and Massachusetts Institute of Technology-educated computer scientists, believe that a U.S.-regulated, U.S.-based futures exchange for bitcoin would settle down some of the volatility of bitcoin prices, give existing businesses that store and trade bitcoin an additional means to hedge their bets, and bring financial institutions who haven’t been comfortable with bitcoin so far into the game.
“It’s no different than with corn farmers,” said James Newsome, former chairman of the CFTC and former CEO of New York Mercantile Exchange, who is now on the board of directors at LedgerX. “They’ve got all this corn, the grain markets have been volatile. They could enter into hedging contracts knowing exactly what it’s worth, and not worrying about volatility.”
LedgerX retained Mr. Newsome and his Washington lobbying firm Delta Strategy Group to help persuade the CFTC. Mr. Newsome said that Delta took an equity stake in the company in exchange for reduced rates for the work he does on its behalf. In addition to Mr. Newsome, LedgerX brought on Thomas Lewis, who served as CEO of Ameritrade Holding Corp. for a short stint and who is former CEO of Green Exchange Holdings LLC, to the board.
A CFTC spokesman said that the agency doesn’t comment on pending applications.
“It’s something that I am anxious to see out there,” said Bryan Crohn, chief financial officer at BitPay Inc., speaking generally about the possibility of a regulated bitcoin derivatives exchange and not about LedgerX in particular.
BitPay and others process roughly $2 million to $4 million in bitcoin transactions globally in aggregate every day, Mr. Crohn said. The processor holds the bitcoin and makes money by selling it at a higher price than where it was bought.
“If the price is going down, I have nothing to minimize my downside risk,” Mr. Crohn said. All BitPay can do right now is hold bitcoin and wait for the price to increase, he said.
“Once we have those options, those derivatives available, we would be hiring immediately an experienced trader to do just that,” Mr. Crohn said.
A lot of work is ahead for LedgerX even before it launches, which is why the company has raised $4.5 million in seed and Series A financing. The Series A came this summer led by Lightspeed, according to Mr. Chou and Jeremy Liew, a partner at Lightspeed and a vocal supporter of bitcoin.
Before that, the company received seed funding from Google Ventures, as confirmed by a spokeswoman for that firm. SV Angel and Fenway Summer, a consumer finance advisory and investment firm, also participated in the seed round, Mr. Chou said.
Now that the company has the capital it is trying to persuade the regulators to approve its efforts.
“It is new ground, there is no question,” Mr. Newsome said.
Mr. Newsome said that he has had several meetings with the staff at the CFTC to discuss LedgerX’s applications. (It made two, one for a swap execution facility and the other for a derivatives clearing organization.)
In early October, the CFTC held a meeting to discuss whether the agency has jurisdiction over derivatives contracts that reference digital currencies.
There is some pressure on the CFTC and other regulators to start dealing with bitcoin, Mr. Newsome said. “Whether we like it or not, [bitcoin] is being used by legitimate companies as a form of currency. You can’t keep your head in the sand and act like it doesn’t exist.”
In addition, he said, regulators have a competitive streak to them, which might help LedgerX’s application. “It’s apparent that there’s going to be a regulated derivatives market that develops. Would you prefer that to happen in the U.S., or do you want that to migrate to London, Dubai or Hong Kong?”
Regulators, he said, “have a fear of being left out.”
But getting LedgerX approved isn’t simple. The company would have to prove to the agency that the underlying market, in this case bitcoin, isn’t easily manipulated, Mr. Newsome said. It would have to also show that it is capable of operating an exchange and that it can establish sufficient surveillance of market makers to note when suspicious activity takes place.
Mr. Liew, of Lightspeed, said he realizes it’s risky to put money into a company pre-launch whose business model is centered on getting government approval in a sector that has gotten none. “It’s venture risk,” Mr. Liew said. “It’s possible that it doesn’t work out, but you find the people who have the best possible chance to do it.”
Write to Yuliya Chernova at yuliya.chernova Follow her on Twitter at
@_date: 2014-04-13 21:00:29
So basically your hope is that if the payment is not received, you can get them to forbear any penalties by showing them evidence of a cashier's check?
@_date: 2014-10-08 16:39:34
Not sure what you mean.  didn't they just play that card - that warrantless searches and seizes of extraterritorial assets of US citizens were permitted, provided they were reasonable in light of defendants 4th amdt right to privacy.
I wondered why they hadn't played that card before, given that the precedent was fairly clear.
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:07:29
1 - How secure is your gmail password?
2 - How secure is your blockchain password?
3 - Were gmail and blockchain passwords different?
4 - Did you have 2FA on gmail?
5 - Have you checked for keyloggers / malware?
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:57:58
I understand civil liability, and even on that standard, I do not see any likelihood the bank will have any responsibility for Mt. Gox's liability.
Your argument could apply to any company that goes bankrupt and had a bank account.  
You are grasping at straws in your desperation.
@_date: 2014-09-19 03:02:51
Please don't continue with the video postings.  You write well.  You "vlog" less well.  Stick to writing.
PS - You are still far better at vloging than Roger Ver.  If you see that guy at another conference, tell him to never vlog again.  He sounds like an insincere robot.
Keep up the good work!
[Edit to have all my "vlog"s be in the same case.]
@_date: 2014-01-08 17:28:53
I use this one, made by Mike Caldwell, founder of Casascius physical bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-09-19 03:31:57
Or maybe I'm an old fart who will always prefer the written word to a vlog...
Or maybe Bruse is an old fart, who at this point will always come off better in the written word than a blog.
[Edit: "Far" converted to "Fart."  I am drunk.
@_date: 2014-03-04 02:32:01
"All.." "Hundreds..."  "Don't".  The forced emphasis of words is painful.
Just post something on a blog.  The video camera is not your friend.
@_date: 2014-06-04 22:32:31
Did you finish before the third confirmation?
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:36:56
And, if you want to take a loss if in fact the funds are gone, you will need to make those filings.
Although the loss will be based on your basis (how much you invested), not their value at the time they were lost.
@_date: 2014-04-19 16:02:26
Nope, U.S. citizens who renounce their citizenship are treated as though they sold all of their property the day before they renounce, even if they will continue to own it.
@_date: 2014-02-14 21:43:31
Kind of nice, but so far looks like they are only selling their research pieces on bitcoin.  Would be nice to be able to buy any of their reports.
Also they require a bunch of personal information to purchase, defeating the simplicity of bitcoin.
Price is not bad though, 0.001 bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-17 22:20:26
In 2nd paragraph:
"Had I used two-factor authentication for my Google account, it’s possible that none of this would have happened, because their ultimate goal was always to take over my Twitter account and wreak havoc."
And later:
"Because I didn’t have Google’s two-factor authentication turned on, when Phobia entered my Gmail address, he could view the alternate e-mail I had set up for account recovery. Google partially obscures that information, starring out many characters, but there were enough characters available, m••••n Jackpot."
@_date: 2014-10-27 23:47:24
They provide lots of disclosure.  Not necessarily on every project, but they have to break out things like salaries, payments to family members / other related parties, overhead, etc.  So places like Charity Navigator rank them: 
To be a non-profit 501c3 in the US, you have to file the form (990) that provides that data if you have over $50k of income in a year.  Under that level there is an even simpler form.
And what this made me think of, is whether Sean's Outpost is registered as a 501c3.   I couldn't find it here:   But that could  because of their size.  What is further odd is that a charity would typically point out their 501c3 status on the donation page, as it also means the donator can deduct the benefits. Sean's Outpost does not make that disclosure on their donation page.  
And then I found this,  **They were originally registered as a Florida non-profit, but were administratively dissolved for failure to file an annual report...**  
So either they are in enough financial trouble that they can't even afford to file that report, or they don't want to report it...  Either way, that notice of admin dissolution is not a good sign.  But its not the end of the world, as there is usually a process to get back in to good standing.
But it certainly emphasizes that Sean's Outpost is making less disclosure than is required even for small charities in the US.
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:24:28
"Later, a man who looked like the person Newsweek had identified as Mr. Nakamoto came out of the house, approached the gathered journalists, and said he was hoping to get a free lunch. When an Associated Press reporter offered to buy him a meal at an expensive sushi restaurant, the two pushed through the scrum, got into his car, and took off.
But not before the man told reporters: **“I have nothing to do with this.”**" (Emphasis added)
Keep an eye out for an AP article.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:28:05
To quote you: "using a bank like mizhuno to receive and transfer funds."
Exactly, the bank was used to receive and transfer funds.  
Their responsibility ends there.
Mt. Gox's insolvency and lost coins are not a result of the process by which it received and transferred funds through Mizhuno.
Hence, Mizhuno will likely have no liability whatsoever in this mess.
@_date: 2014-09-23 23:52:02
Not transcripts of oral hearings, that takes weeks or months if they want to redact things.
@_date: 2014-08-20 16:00:15
Full text from the FT article that this is based on:
High quality global journalism requires investment. Please share this article with others using the link below, do not cut &amp; paste the article. See our Ts&amp;Cs and Copyright Policy for more detail. Email ftsales.support to buy additional rights. 
Investigators work to close the net in Mt Gox probe
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
The website of Mt. Gox, showing a statement after the company went offline, is displayed on a laptop computer in an arranged photograph in Tokyo, Japan, on Wednesday, Feb. 26, 2014. Mt. Gox, the Tokyo-based Bitcoin exchange that halted withdrawals this month, went offline as a document surfaced alleging long-term theft of about $365 million in the digital currency. 
Six months on from the apparent theft at Mt Gox, once the world’s biggest Bitcoin exchange, the net could be beginning to close.
Late last month police in Tokyo said they had launched a formal fraud investigation into the disappearance of as many as 650,000 bitcoins reported missing by the Shibuya-based exchange. In the meantime, a small local group of experts led by Jason Maurice of Wiz Technologies, a security consultancy, is pursuing an independent probe, convinced that the culprit – or culprits – can be traced.
According to Mr Maurice, a 29-year-old native of Honolulu whose business card describes him as “chief hacking officer”, the most likely explanation for the disappearance of the bitcoins is a series of raids beginning last year, in which a hacker gained access to Mt Gox’s database of account holders, assigned himself new accounts with faked cash balances, then bought and withdrew the virtual currency at will.
The control systems set up under Mt Gox chief Mark Karpelès were so basic that the thefts went undetected, he claims.
“There were no processes to realise that coins were leaking,” says Mr Maurice. “It looked like normal customers withdrawing money; Mark didn’t know that thousands of coins were being stolen every day.”
Among the Bitcoin community, there are still unanswered questions for Mr Karpelès, who pulled down the shutters at Mt Gox at the end of February, saying he had lost track of 850,000 bitcoins then worth $480m. In the weeks that followed – during which Mt Gox announced it had discovered 200,000 bitcoins in an “old-format” wallet – rumours swirled that the chief executive knew more than he was letting on.
Protests grew louder after a report was published online in May, based on an analysis of trading data leaked in early March. The report detailed the activities of two automated computer programs that appeared to run rampant on Mt Gox last year, apparently using identities linked to Mr Karpelès, and operating during periods when the exchange was offline to regular users.
It is unclear who wrote the May report. The March data were leaked by an internet relay chat user called “Nanashi” (Japanese for “anonymous”), who some believe is a former employee of Mt Gox.
Mr Karpelès told the Financial Times that he was willing to talk, but has yet to grant that interview and could not be reached for comment. Last month he made his first public appearance since the scandal broke to make a personal apology to creditors at a bankruptcy hearing in Tokyo.
Mr Maurice says he is sure that Mr Karpelès has no direct link to the vanishing coins, arguing that the 29-year-old Frenchman lacks the “social intelligence” necessary to pull off a sustained deception. Any apparent connections to the Mt Gox chief set out in the May report, he says, are the hallmark of a hacker trying to lay a false trail. By his reckoning, the bots “spent” a total of $185m on 567,000 bitcoins, after fees, in the 10 months to the end of November.
In depth
Former employees and associates also doubt that Mr Karpelès is a criminal mastermind, painting a portrait of a talented programmer out of his depth in running a fast-growing exchange. They describe developers spending hours playing video games such as Diablo and Minecraft in the chief executive’s absence, and frequent security breaches – the latest as recently as June, when a lone female was filmed entering the offices of Tibanne, Mt Gox’s former parent company, apparently via an access card left by a postman.
Others claim there were sloppy reporting systems. Documents seen by the FT show that Mt Gox claimed to have processed trades worth Y1.05tn ($10bn) in the six months to November last year, earning commissions of Y560m in the process.
But when Bruce Fenton, Bitcoin Association president, approached Mr Karpelès in February in an attempt to support the ailing platform, he says he was shown unaudited accounts “which looked like something somebody threw together on their own Excel spreadsheet”.
Bitcoin transactions
“We used to joke that we’d all end up in jail,” says one former Mt Gox employee, referring to mounting cash transfers and the gathering of deposits without a banking licence. “Everyone knew we had problems.”
Mr Maurice, who founded Wiz a year after arriving in Tokyo in 2005, says he has a list of “potential suspects” – based on the leaked data and deeper analysis of other trading-log data available on sites such as Bitcoinwisdom, a ticker-tape aggregator. But he says he needs full access to the Mt Gox database of customer addresses in order to cross-reference suspicious trades against the blockchain, the central ledger that logs all transfers between Bitcoin addresses.
“If we can reconcile everything, we can figure out where the money went.”
And here is a link to of the FT article:  
@_date: 2014-12-05 20:56:31
"It's interesting, we had a great experience the first time and i used those bitcoins withmirror to create a whole new trading system in bitcoin. 
Now, you can in effect trade anything -- and now i need more bitcoins because i have promised 300 bitcoins for every entrepreneur that is in the next boost contingent. 
Boost.cc is the accelerator that  does all the bitcoin startups. "
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:03:44
Did you mistype the URL or was it a link in an email?
@_date: 2014-08-12 18:20:25
Good description.  However, to clarify one thing, the bail-inable debt is not a consumer product such as a high yield savings account, but corporate debt issued by the top level holding company.  
It contains triggers such that if the bank's equity falls below required levels, the debt converts to equity, or is written off in some other way.
It basically accelerates what would happen in bankruptcy, eventually, and makes it more clear which debtors of the bank get written down.  It is also thought to limit "bank runs", when creditors begin to pull deposits if they are concerned about the viability of the bank, which can have a self-fulfilling nature.
In terms of broader theory, the idea is to protect debt that is part of running a bank (consumer deposits, as well as more business oriented things like swaps and derivatives) as opposed to debt that is funding the business.  The theory is that debt that is part of the business has value beyond just the present value of the debt, and that those creditors are less able to judge the credit-worthiness of a bank than an institutional lender.
Here is a good article describing things with lots of links: 
@_date: 2014-10-28 00:49:52
I replied to his similar comment here: 
@_date: 2014-04-13 21:29:47
No, I get it.  Accountant for the company I work for has recommended the company just send regular checks but with registered or certified mail so that if the mailing isn't received, you have good faith proof that you mailed something to them on that date, and that is usually enough to avoid penalties. 
That said, I have actually found the IRS one of the most pleasurable federal agencies to deal with (assuming you are not trying to deceive them or going through a contested audit).  I had to clean up my mother's situation when she passed away and every customer service person was helpful and professional. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 22:10:10
Seems like it has to be malware giving hacker access to your computer, otherwise, how would hacker have been able to see the 2FA email code if your gmail was't compromised.
@_date: 2014-02-09 01:38:38
Good point, I don't think the website I linked is checking at that level of sophistication, although it does check for various other patterns and tricks that people think is random.  I was actually kind of surprised at the result for "I really like to pet my cat."
Keypass or another program that generates long random passwords with all characters accepted still seems the best option to me.
@_date: 2014-12-20 02:33:35
Company hired lawyers to advise them on how to comply with law.
Company appointed Shrem as Chief Compliance Officer with the responsibility to make sure Company adopted policies consistent with the the law, as advised by lots of lawyers, and enforce those policies.
One of those policies was to require verification for parties transacting more than $3k (one or more orders), and requiring verification of paying party, where that paying party was not the one placing order. See 22.d here:  
It came to Charlie / ~~Bitpay's~~ Bitinstant's attention that Faiella was selling bitcoin on the Silkroad, and was also violating the above policies.  With this knowledge, he sent an email banning Faiella (32.a of prior link), and then in another email, described how he could get around those rules in the future (32.i).
I feel bad for Charlie and wish HSBC had been prosecuted, but what Charlie did was worse than poor oversight.  It was purposeful assistance of a customer to violate ~~Bitpay's~~ Bitinstant's policies / the law.  And it was done by the Chief Compliance Officer who should have been enforcing those rules.
@_date: 2014-08-20 01:20:22
I don't think so, it talks about an additional $2m now that they have international:
From the current link:  "He expects the company, which had $1.3 billion in total sales in 2013, to record $6 million to $8 million in domestic Bitcoin sales this year and was *optimistic that it could pull in an additional $2 million internationally*."
From prior:  "He added that he expected up to $8 million in total sales for the year."
Read more: 
@_date: 2014-11-05 04:40:32
The thing I don't get is that I would never trust myself to memorize the seed.
And even if I did, what about estate planning - do you make any potential heirs / trustees memorize the seed?
So while I agree the seed may be a little more convenient to story for the truly paranoid (i.e. easier to write down versus saving / printing a private key where transcription errors are more risky), I don't see that it obviates the need to make a physical or digital copy of the "key" (phrase or private key).
So for cold storage, I still think a bip38 paper wallet, securely stored encrypted or in a vault is best.  You can then either tell the heir a more simple password, or put it in securely stored trust documents (stored separate from the BIP 38 key), since the password alone can't generate the key.
But to each their own.
@_date: 2014-06-21 12:12:27
I think all the uSMS would see from second market in above scenario is a bid for 3,000 at 625, weighted average bid for the syndicate.
So b1 is just out of luck.
Which is why I think this syndicate approach is doomed to fail.
The better way for multiple bidders at multiple prices is a dutch auction. 
@_date: 2014-07-23 19:25:52
They don't directly support it, but all you have to do is use a client side app like the one linked below to get the private key from your BIP38 wallet yourself.
@_date: 2014-08-09 15:11:27
Several options in the US, not sure about the UK:
@_date: 2014-06-26 14:48:07
To clarify:
First, I am talking about in the US, where it varies by state.  But in Delaware, the most popular state for corporations, there is no such thing, legally, as a "company".  Any incorporated entity is a Corporation, and depending on state and country, or just common usage, either company or corporation is used to refer to an "incorporated entity".
However, there are also LLCs (Limited Liability Companies), which are pass-through entities.  And there are partnerships.
So, to clarify, I guess under common usage, company could refer to a corporation, or an LLC.  But generally, when talking about LLCs, people will add the qualifier "LL", implying that the more routing usage refers to a corporation.
And regardless, a corporation does not imply something more significant than a Company.  Either corp. or LLC can have a sole proprietor or many, or be of any size.
@_date: 2014-07-23 19:32:41
I don't want to preach, but I really recommend enabling 2FA on coinbase and whichever email account you have linked to coinbase.  Many people have been hacked, and lack of 2FA is a common theme.  (The other one is to disable APIs.)
And I wouldn't say coinbase agrees with you that convenience trumps lockdown security.  They make 2FA available, and have also now released the vault which even further protects from hacking.  And from the first line on their blog post when they introduced 2FA:
"Two-factor authentication is a great way to make your Coinbase account more secure."  
But its your money.
@_date: 2014-06-26 14:17:46
From you website, it seems like all bets require a counterparty.  So the odds you recommend are just a suggestion, and its not clear to me that anyone has placed a bet based on your suggestion.
On Betmoose, there are odds that reflect actually placed bets.
I also don't understand what you mean by their parimutuel system vs. yours.  In both cases, the odds are proposed by one party, and require a counterparty to accept them.
@_date: 2014-06-26 23:24:19
This one does, built by founder of Casascius, who was the original author of BIP0038.
@_date: 2014-04-19 16:07:01
Neither is true.   
On 1, U.S. citizens who renounce their citizenship are treated as though they sold all of their property the day before they renounce, even if they will continue to own it.  But property isn't confiscated.
 
On 2, you will be subject to the same rules for obtaining visas as any other citizen of the country you become a citizen of.  And if you continue to reside / own assets in the US, you could still be subject to US taxes.
@_date: 2014-02-20 00:57:08
Candy Crush / King Digital generates incredible cash flow though, $713m last year.  
@_date: 2014-10-28 00:49:25
Thanks for the quick reply.  And I hope you note that I did describe it was something fixable, but on reflection, I shouldn't have left the only options as "don't want to, or can't afford", should have left in "messed up."
From your other post, I see you address the 501c3 issue as part of a system you don't agree with.  And, I guess if you are running at a loss, you don't need the non-profit status anyway.
Still, as you grow, I hope you reconsider your aversion to 501c3 and filing Form 990s.  People who follow closely may be comfortable trusting you that you don't take a salary, but as these threads evidence, you are potentially losing other contributors who would like to see that reflected in an IRS filing.
And, it increases how much people can give, as it potentially reduces their taxes.
PS - IRS filings may be easy to fake, but consequences of doing it are pretty severe.
PPS - I have donated to Sean's Outpost in the past twice, so I'm not a hater, just my two cents.
@_date: 2014-01-27 00:48:12
Thats kind of cool.  Is this the idea:
E.g. for oscar screeners, studio could require recipients to make a $10k deposit to receive a disc.  Disc then has a watermark that is a hidden private key linked to an address with the $10k.
To ensure safety during delivery of a dis, you could even defer funding until recipient confirms receipt via a secure log on.  Or it could be done automatically at the conclusion of a download
If the recipient shreds the disc after watching it, all good.  If he lends to a friend, he risk the friend not being trustworthy and taking the money.
Very interesting.  Could also work for confidential business / legal documents.
@_date: 2014-06-18 19:24:34
He's already said it was personal, no Yelp connection: 
@_date: 2014-02-13 19:01:58
Do you remember which ones?
@_date: 2014-03-06 23:25:59
I laughed when a read that one of the connections was that being a train hobbyist "requires a good amount of math." 
@_date: 2014-06-21 20:45:28
It may be a typical hourly rate for hours worked. But here, we are talking about an ongoing royalty.
@_date: 2014-01-27 13:19:04
Because in addition to forfeiting the money, he loses access to the service going forward.
Watch and destroy without withdrawing funds - maintain trust and funds
Lend disc - risk losing deposit and trust with counterparty
take your own funds - save deposit, lose trust
@_date: 2014-06-26 12:45:56
I thought you did call them a corporation? [Edit - I reread and you are referring to the fact pfsense referred to themselves as a corporation.]
FWIW, there is legally no difference between a Company or a Corporation.  
@_date: 2014-09-12 17:06:46
Except I'm not sure they gain anything even if they prove parallel construction.
The server was offshore, so the wiretapping laws do not apply, nor is there any 4th amdt protection.  The server was located in Scandinavia.
Second, the portion of the wiretapping laws this would relate to is "electronic communication," which is "any transmitted communication that isn't a voice communication. So, that includes all of your non-voice Internet and cellular phone activities like email, instant messaging, texting and websurfing." (All quotes from: 
And electronic communication is not subject to the exclusionary rule, meaning that evidence uncovered by it would not necessarily be barred from admission:
"Under the Wiretap Act, although a wiretap order is needed to intercept your email and other electronic communications, only your oral and wire communications — that is, voice communications — are covered by the statute's exclusionary rule. So, for example, if your phone calls are illegally intercepted, that evidence can't be introduced against you in a criminal trial, but the statute won't prevent the introduction of illegally intercepted emails and text messages."
@_date: 2014-10-28 02:17:28
Your reasons are clear and reasonable, and clearly heartfelt.
Again, thanks for the reply and keep up the good work. 
@_date: 2014-09-17 20:02:57
"a large, and very fancy coffee in his hand that could have passed as a dessert"
@_date: 2014-09-18 19:24:51
Glad you are digging into things.
As another point of reference, Havelock is one of the larger sites offering bitcoin denominated securities.  They are registered AND located in Panama, and even so, take care not to sell securities to US investors.  See paragraph 4 of their TOS.  
In regards to the liability, I don't think you understand the ramifications.  If the SEC decided to go after you, they aren't going to stop Coinbase or another payment processor, they are going to go after YOU.  The same way they went after Voorhees.  You will be required to disgorge any proceeds, and face penalties or even jailtime.  (Again, I'm not saying this would apply based on having a few listings like you do now - they aren't insane.  But look at the Voorhees case - they pursued him over $15k of profits from unregistered securities).
And it doesn't matter where the server is, it is where and to whom the securities are being sold.  That is why Havelock, even though it is in a foreign jurisdiction, still stays away from doing business with US investors.  
And Erik Voorhees not only lived in Panama, but I believe he renounced his citizenship.  And he STILL settled with the SEC.  You don't want to mess with the SEC.
@_date: 2014-03-27 21:06:10
Exactly.  You have to add it up anyway. 
And if they audit you, they'll ask for records like that in electronic form.
@_date: 2014-03-10 22:08:21
Except its costly to escape.
Normally, capital gains is only triggered when you sell something.  So if Roger is sitting on lots of bitcoin, he would not have had to pay taxes.
But when you renounce citizenship, you have to pay tax on unrealized capital gains.  
But if he moves to a jurisdiction with lower capital gains, and bitcoin keeps rising, would be a good long term move.
See here: 
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:22:14
Hence the comment that this is untested.
@_date: 2014-03-10 22:23:37
The US is one of the only government to tax citizens residing abroad on income earned abroad.  It offers a credit for foreign taxes paid, but it is still an imposition on expatriates that is uncommon.
So for people who plan to live abroad most of their life, there are a lot of compelling tax reasons to renounce citizenship.
But based on the salon article above, Roger also has a lot of other concerns and disagreements with the US gov't.
@_date: 2014-06-07 02:29:59
Thanks for the reply!  I was afraid my comment might come off as obnoxious, which was not my intention, so I'm glad you took it with the intended spirit.
Seriously, I wish you the best in your trial.  You've got a tough road ahead.  You need to listen to your lawyers (I assume you've got good ones) and try and "play it by the book" at times, even if it frustrates you.  But at the same time, you can't completely delegate your fate to them.
Best of luck,
An Older and More Cautious Bitcoiner
@_date: 2014-03-27 21:19:35
Plus, most people have been assuming this is how it would be taxed anyway.  See Winklevoss trust document from July of last year:  
And, nice thing about capital gains is it goes down after one year holding, currency gain taxations are income, which are higher if you are in an upper bracket.
I would guess the big web-based wallets will have tax reporting built in very quickly, and there will be low cost solutions for people who want to do it themselves.
@_date: 2014-09-18 18:49:51
Unfortunately, the fact that you are using BTC does not affect the SEC's jurisdiction.
The problem is you are facilitating the sale of unregistered securities in the US.  Whether you sell those securities for dollars, bitcoin, pesos or gold does not matter.  
See this link to the settlement that Erik Voorhees reached with the SEC related to the sale of "securities" in SatoshiDice, for bitcoin.  “All issuers selling securities to the public must comply with the registration provisions of the securities laws, including issuers who seek to raise funds using Bitcoin." 
This is why the well known crowdfunding sites do not permit equity or financial rewards.
I'm not trying to rain on your parade, and at this level of activity, doubt you are going to get in trouble.  But, there is no doubt that your current business model is a clear violation of US securities law.
Happy to discuss further.
PS - there is pending proposal to create an exemption to permit the sale of equities through crowdfunding.  However, final rules have not yet been promulgated, and, at a minimum, it requires the crowdfunding site to be registered with the SEC.  
@_date: 2014-02-22 01:22:33
Second market bitcoin investment trust does, its audited by E&amp;Y.  
Given coinbase's significant VC investment, there is a good chance it has audits too, although for the benefit of its investors.  Private company audits are not absurdly expensive.
@_date: 2014-06-03 00:53:29
Agree, Monero is the only alt coin I've invested in so far.
There is a good thread on altcoin issues, and Monero, here:  
@_date: 2014-08-09 16:45:12
Glad to have helped, and glad to hear you were serious!  Give us an update if you wind up working with one of them.
@_date: 2014-08-17 00:52:04
From the first use of bail-in in this link of yours, on page ii 
"Such a strategy 
would involve the bail-in (write-down or conversion) of creditors at the top of the group in 
order to restore the whole group to solvency." 
From point 45 on page 10
"Both the U.S. and U.K. resolution proposals are designed to maintain financial 
stability by ensuring that critical business functions continue to be performed. Critical 
business functions are generally performed at the level of the operating subsidiaries—assets 
of the holding companies of U.S. and U.K. G-SIFIs tend to comprise little more than the 
equity stakes in the operating subsidiaries."
So this confirms UK and US proposals are similar with regard to my point.  The debt subject to bail-in is unsecured debt at the holding company level.  Holding company does not have operations, there are no depositors.  It is the debt issed by the group to finance its operations, not the debt inherent in its operations (such as customer deposits).
Look, if you want to be concerned about bail-ins from depositors happening in the future, and the risks inherent in fractional banking, that is fine.  But the current proposals about "bail-in" bonds by the fed do not involve customer deposits, and in fact are designed to better protect customer deposits.  Read the Bloomberg / Matt Levine article, its quite well written. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 13:44:08
The blockchain does not provide public proof of payment, but an individual payor can:
" In case Alice wants to prove she sent a transaction to Bob’s address she can either disclose
r or use any kind of zero-knowledge protocol to prove she knows r (for example by signing
the transaction with r)."
Section 4.3 of whitepaper 
@_date: 2014-02-15 14:34:56
Correct, thought I saw 0.001 last night.
@_date: 2014-01-09 15:17:42
I understand why an insurer would not want to be exposed to a run up in the value of bitcoin, given the volatility.
But if they aren't exposed to the upside, why should they get a windfall from the downside?
I'm not trying to be overly critical as I think its great that you are looking at alternatives.
@_date: 2014-09-08 18:17:34
I still think you underplay why they focus so much on the legality of how they obtained the IP address, and the failure of Ross to properly protect his IP address, including a citation to two cases making the same point.
Thinking back on my evidence knowledge, the weakness in your argument is that the exceptions whereby the governments can "break laws in the course of its duties" are more limited than you argue.
For example, you note: "Can a Police Officer run a red light to get to a robbery in progress? Obviously in the course of investigating or preventing crimes, law enforcement can break laws. Say, breaking down the door to a building and otherwise committing trespass."
This is an over-simplification, especially as it applies to evidence.  In evidence, the police can't get an exception to the 4th amendment by breaking into your house because they suspect you are committing something illegal.  There are exceptions, but they generally require exigent circumstances.  
For example, if they believe that a burglary is in process, or someone is assaulting someone inside a house, they can enter a house without needing a warrant, and any "evidence" they can see in plain sight could be used.  But they can't use the general suspicion that someone is committing a crime to violate the law.
Or, if they believe there is an imminent risk of destruction of evidence.  But that doesn't apply here because there was no indication that Ross was planning to destroy any evidence.  Yes, he was trying to avoid getting caught, but not actively planning to destroy the evidence.
So in the US, the FBI could not get away with saying "we think Ross was doing something illegal, so it was ok for us to break laws / violate 4th amdt to obtain his IP address.  Instead, they expressly argue: "There was nothing unconstitutional or otherwise unlawful in the FBI’s detection of that leak."
How this may be different for a server located abroad, I don't know.  But again, the fact that they don't argue "we did not need to comply with the law because the server was overseas" is telling.
@_date: 2014-11-21 15:34:27
Cyprus was a bail in.  Not saying these things can't happen, but just that some of the current bail-in provisions are actually designed to help protect regular depositors in the event a bank is insufficiently capitalized or insolvent.
For example, in the US, banks do fail.  If that is the case, FDIC insures account up to $250k per account, but if you have deposits above that, you may still take a loss.
What happened in the financial crisis was there were banks that could / were failing, and to avoid disruption to the markets that could exacerbate the consequences of those failures, the banks were bailed out, by the government.  
So now, there is a lot of discussion as to whether bail outs should be discouraged in the future.  So aside from structural ideas like the bail-in bonds, there are discussions / regulations about whether a "bail-in" should precede a "bail-out."  
But in the US (and many other countries), since deposits are insured up to a certain level, the risk is more for commercial depositors / wealthy people, who are better able to monitor the credit of the financial institution and diversify. 
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:43:32
Yes, reading the full document and emails makes it more than clear he knew he was helping to avoid money laundering laws.  He even put together a spreadsheet linking the amounts that came from the different accounts he encouraged the buyer to create, to avoid those laws!
Amazingly dumb.
@_date: 2014-12-23 22:17:31


That is darkly hilarious.  And I figure they still have a pretty easy tax evasion case as well.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:32:32
They disabled their paperwallet generator a little while ago, and say they are working on an improvement.  Hopefully bip38 included.
@_date: 2014-09-18 00:31:18
I don't get it.  For this to work, the second exchange would have to be one that doesn't maintain KYC / AML type records.
@_date: 2014-05-23 20:11:30
Don't have to imagine, forex traders are far more brutal, as are most traders.  Here's a great example:  
@_date: 2014-08-16 23:40:07
In the US (and I think in the UK too, but haven't researched) the "bail in" discussion does not relate to the "debt" of a bank that is in the form of customer deposits, but the debt the bank issues to sophisticated investors to finance its operations.
The idea is that this corporate debt issued by the top level holding company would contain triggers such that if the bank's equity falls below required levels, the debt converts to equity, or is written off in some other way.  This helps restore equity levels and limit circumstances where customer deposits suffer losses.
It basically accelerates what would happen in bankruptcy, eventually, but makes it more clear which debtors of the bank get written down. It is also thought to limit "bank runs", when creditors begin to pull deposits if they are concerned about the viability of the bank, which can have a self-fulfilling nature.
In terms of broader theory, the idea is to protect debt that is part of running a bank (consumer deposits, as well as more business oriented things like swaps and derivatives) as opposed to debt that is funding the business. The theory is that debt that is part of the business has value beyond just the present value of the debt, and that those creditors are less able to judge the credit-worthiness of a bank than an institutional lender.
Here is a good article describing things with lots of links: 
And here is another recent discussion on the same issue: (edit to correct link) 
tl/dr: Bail-in in US applies to corporate debt, not customer deposits, and actually helps to protect customer deposits and taxpayer funded bailouts.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:12:08
Swiss bank secrecy for US citizens is largely a thing of the past:  
@_date: 2014-09-12 21:30:29
It was the high court of New Zealand, using New Zealand law: 
@_date: 2014-11-08 14:13:51
Although their website is not that clear, my guess is that for employers who process payroll electronically via ACH, you provide the bitwage ACH information instead of your own bank, and then bitwage pays out to the employee in the desired mix of $ / BTX.
@_date: 2014-03-27 18:59:08
It seems like you are purposefully not disclosing the name, and I'm not sure why.
@_date: 2014-01-19 19:29:09
Post it note or piece of tape works pretty much just as well.  And you can close your laptop!
@_date: 2014-09-08 18:32:43
Wow, if this Elizabeth Gore move to Dell is touted as a "special announcement", can't imagine something big coming from braintree ;-)
@_date: 2014-01-23 04:17:05
Possible, through a self directed 401k.  But complicated.  See here for a start:  
@_date: 2014-08-22 16:25:49
Are all the books you hold in inventory, or are there also resellers?
Also, some of your shipping is free, some quite high ($3.75 or $3.99 per book).  Curious if that might realate to the first question
@_date: 2014-01-20 14:45:05
Thanks, I'll stick with my post it note.  Has all the same attributes as your project, and much cheaper.
@_date: 2014-12-08 18:36:51
Agree, if you follow through to one of the final addresses you can the test amount, and then the larger amount, leading to a total of 4,999.999 total received.  
@_date: 2014-01-27 00:38:12
Dropbox does have 2FA, but you have to enable it.  
@_date: 2014-02-13 17:16:31
Did it detect any keyloggers, Trojans or other malware?
@_date: 2014-11-05 13:58:15
But if you are doing that, then isn't Bip38 more secure?  If someone does get access to the seed, they get your bitcoin.  If its a Bip38 address, they still need the password.
@_date: 2014-12-20 14:59:46
Corrected, was a little buzzed when writing!
@_date: 2014-10-08 17:40:41
I looked at several.
The problem I had with bitcointaxes is that for the coinbase import, it said to select  "Buys, Sells, and merchant payouts" as the download option.
However, this download did not seem to capture "send" transaction.  I think it might only capture "send" transactions that are done through Coinbase's internal system and are thus marked as transaction.  This could severely understate gains as sending / libretax bitcoin, other than to another account you control, is taxable.  I tried to do a full download from coinbase and then manually delete internal transfers, but it wouldn't accept the import.
So I then tried libretax, and it did let me upload that modified coinbase file and appears to have calculated everything properly.
However, bitcointaxes has a premium option that exports the file in formats that tax software will import.  Libretax just gives you an excel file with the right information.
So if you have lots of trades, you could use bictointaxes' premium account, and then take your modified coinbase file but order it as set forth in the "general" import instructions.  Or, use libretax and look for a variety of free excel to "txf" (turbotax format) online conversion services.
@_date: 2014-06-07 01:15:55
Charlie, given that you are currently being prosecuted for money laundering, maybe you shouldn't be buying bitcoin from random strangers over the internet.
Obviously, your heart is in the right place, but let someone else step up.
@_date: 2014-03-05 15:30:17
I do understand about corporate accounts.  But the diligence is different.  It is more about ensuring compliance with regulations, including "Know your customer" rules for money laundering purposes.
My point is that when a bank takes on a company as a customer, it is not the bank's responsibility to diligence whether the customer is credit worthy, or a good business.  
The relationship is by no means a "commercial partnership."  It is a customer relationship, and the corporation is the customer.
So the bank has no obligations to the customers or creditors of that company if the company is insolvent, or otherwise a "bad" company.
@_date: 2014-04-13 20:43:34
Why do you use cashier checks to pay your taxes?  If you are in the US, its not necessary.
@_date: 2014-11-21 13:25:11
This is not true.
The "bail in" discussion does not relate to the "debt" of a bank that is in the form of customer deposits, but the debt the bank issues to sophisticated investors to finance its operations.
The idea is that this corporate debt issued by the top level holding company would contain triggers such that if the bank's equity falls below required levels, the debt converts to equity, or is written off in some other way. This helps restore equity levels and limit circumstances where customer deposits suffer losses.
Here is a good article describing things with lots of links (US focused): 
UK discussion: 
"Such a strategy would involve the bail-in (write-down or conversion) of creditors at the top of the group in order to restore the whole group to solvency." (re. Top group, or holding company, there is this later: "assets of the holding companies of U.S. and U.K. G-SIFIs tend to comprise little more than the equity stakes in the operating subsidiaries.")
And here is another recent discussion on the same issue: 
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:19:55
Can you confirm this is how it works:
1 - I deposit 10 btc, worth roughly GBP 5,000 today
2 - I elect coverage of GBP 5,000.
3 - I pay 2% per year based on the GBP 5,000 cover
4 - If my bitcoin is stolen and the market value at that time was GBP 10,000, I will only receive GBP 5,000.
5 - If my bitcoin is stolen, and the market value at that time is GBP 4,000, it seems that I only receive GBP 4,000.
If I am correct on 5, then the policy seems one-sided.  If the insurer is not exposed to greater loss if bitcoin value increases, why should they be exposed to less loss if bitcoin value has decreased at time of loss?  
@_date: 2014-02-06 02:21:47
Nice!  I also just purchased. 
@_date: 2014-12-25 03:21:24
This is generally correct, assuming he bought them. 
If he earned them, as a miner or by selling stuff (including services), then taxes were due at the time mined / earned.
@_date: 2014-08-17 00:57:49
I'd like to make one more point.
The fed proposal is not about mandating a change to the terms of existing bank debt.
Instead, it is a proposal that certain large banks be required, going forward, to have a certain amount of their holding company debt be in the form of new debt that has these bail-in terms.
So existing investors are not having their terms unilaterally changed,  Instead, the bank will create new securities, with a new risk, which will most likely require a higher interest rate to offset that risk, and will be purchased by new sophisticated investors who are well aware of those risks.
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:35:01
And from reading other posts, you already check gmail login history and saw nothing strange.
And since you received a 2 factor message from blockchain, i think it means it was not a backup that was compromised, as I think then they would just transfer the coin directly, they would not have to go through blockchain.info
When was last time you logged onto Blockchain before the hac?
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:01:43
You seem overly emotional and have poor reading skills.
They note she is a bitcoin "fan" (not fanboy), and by all appearances, she was.
And where do they slam her life's work?  Yes, they note some recent issues (Gox and another exchange). 
In fact, the article seems to praise her work and life, the penultimate paragraph is:  ""She was a go-getter, she always worked very hard ... she stuck out as one of the only women representing bitcoin."
Read more: 
@_date: 2014-10-23 23:25:22














It seems like what the CEO is hinting at is that they are raising more.  They are in the middle of a fundraising *process*, but Form D has to be filed for unregistered offerings within 15 days of the first issuance.  So at this point, the filing is "not the whole picture or story."
That said, the use of the words "incomplete and inaccurate" is a poor choice of words if that is what he was trying to capture.
@_date: 2014-10-27 23:52:07
I posted this as part of a comment below, but think its worth pointing out in a higher comment more clearly.
According to the State of Florida, They were originally registered as a Florida non-profit in July of 2013, but were administratively dissolved for failure to file an annual report...
So either they are in enough financial trouble that they can't even afford to file an annual report, or they don't want to report it... 
Its not the end of the world, as there is usually a process to get back in to good standing.  But its certainly not a good sign.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:30:59
I liked two-bit idiot at first, and think he handled the leaked Gox docs just fine.
But now he seems to have delusions of grandeur.
@_date: 2017-02-13 21:13:56
While Mark Karpeles did estimate that at around $2k bitcoin the claims would be covered, the nuance is that this is because the claims have already been converted to Japanese Yen at an older bitcoin exchange rate.
I.e. (and using dollars and made up numbers for simplicity) say you had 10 bitcoin that were converted to a claim of $4,000 based on a $400 bitcoin rate.  And at $400 per bitcoin the trustee estimated a 20% recovery, so your total recovery would be $800.  
If bitcoin then went to $2,000, they would be able to fully pay your $4,000 claim.  But if you are thinking about your recovery in bitcoin terms, your 10 bitcoin would then be worth $20,000.
And the interesting and very ironic thing is that if bitcoin rises to a level where all the Yen denominated claims are paid, the remainder goes to the equity holders: Jed and Tibanne (Mark's company.)
To his credit, it seems like Mark is exploring a way the bankruptcy could be reversed if they get to that level, and potentially make greater / earlier distributions than in a banruptcy.
See Mark's comment here:
Edit:  In a more recent thread, the bitcoin value needed for full recovery is around $2,400.  
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:51:52
Your basis is your basis.  
If you have a bitcoin that you purchased at $1k, its basis is $1k.  
If someone else has one bought at $580k, its basis is $5k.
If you swap bitcoins, you don't get the other party's basis, under any scenario.
So it is going to be either option 1 or 2 above.  I think a literal reading of the guidance would be 1.  You undertook an exchange of a more identifiable bitcoin for a less identifiable one.  That is the "service" you purchased by sending in your bitcoin to the mixer.
So going back to the one for one swap, if bitcoin was $800 at the time of the swap, you would have a capital loss of $200, and would now own a bitcoin with a basis of $800.
The other party would have a capital gain of $220, and would also now own a bitcoin with a basis of $800.
If they were deemed fungible and no purchase of a good or service or sale was found, then you would both maintain your same basis as before the transaction.
Hope that helps.
@_date: 2015-05-20 19:55:28
He wasn't charged with murder for hire, but evidence of those charges was admissible as support for the continuing criminal enterprise (kingpin) charge.  And the jury found him guilty on that count.
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:46:23
Because twobitidiot has gone from being a decent bitcoin commentator, to one with delusions of grandeur milking attention as much as he can.
@_date: 2014-07-15 12:54:19
You could also use another offline utility to check that when decrypted, the public and private key match what bitaddress shows.  
I like this one:  
@_date: 2016-03-12 18:29:14
That thread was user deleted, not "censored" by mods.  
And before it was deleted, I read it, and a lot of the discussion was usubstantiated blaming of blockstream / small blockers for microsoft's decision... So not much mod "censorship" there either.
@_date: 2017-02-04 01:16:00
As is Roger Dingledine.
@_date: 2014-09-08 13:09:09
Agreed.  And leaving aside the constitutional arguments, he basically sets up a strawman argument for the key point.
Re. 2, the state interest, he says: "Let's give them a mulligan and assume that a legitimate interest had been articulated. We will pick a standard one and say the interest at stake is the catch-all of "consumer protection."
Then he argues: "For example, it is hard to see how anti-money laundering provisions directly protect New York consumers. They may assist state interests in fighting crime, but that is not consumer protection."
OK, so why not pick the state interest in fighting crime as the state interest?
And per the linked press release, you can see they are not picking one, but laying a whole slew of arguments supporting the state interest in regulation.
I wish the NY regs would be significantly diluted, but the commerce clause isn't going to save us.
@_date: 2015-05-26 18:33:09
From just reading wikipedia's discussion of the ludic fallacy, it seems they are different.
Taleb's fallacy is ""the misuse of games to model real-life situations."  I.e. statistical and predictive models do not reflect real world complexity, other than in clearly mathematical areas like casino gambling.
Szabo's small game fallacy is more about the real world intruding into the model.  I.e. his example of doing game theory testing without anonymous participants, who might let their real world reputations and relationships affect their strategy beyond the pure logic of the game.  
Or, that a successful prediction market inevitably also becomes an "act" market.
It reminds me more of Soros' concept of reflexivity.
@_date: 2014-01-27 00:52:29
Ah, I see what you are saying, hacker got the backup from a compromised PC or dropbox, but did not have email password.  Transferred the coin and then tried to log on to blockchain to look for other private keys, and both emails were received at the same time. 
Is it clear blockchain.info will email a transaction if its not processed through blockchain.info online wallet?
OP, did you have you blockchain password stored on dropbox or your pc in an insecure manner?
@_date: 2015-05-05 00:47:41
The screenshot where you show the $133.7 reflected on the OTC quote page still shows the $ / % increase of $4 / 10.53%.   Those numbers reflect the $42 price.
Another interesting thing is that if you go to the chart page, here, and select one day:  , you will not see your trades.
However, from that same page, click "data" and you will see 4 trades, totalling 736 shares.  This is less than the 765 shares traded you will see on the quote page.
So it does seem like some trades are ignored on the chart and the day ranges in the quote tab, but are included in the total volume.
Perhaps the OTC has some mechanism to exclude outlier trades.  This could make sense as many OTC stocks are illiquid, and so they may want to avoid people "painting the tape" with extremely high or low trades with very little volume.
@_date: 2016-03-24 17:01:36


The big highlighted quote shows they understand that exact point.


@_date: 2014-06-04 02:01:38
Keep in mind, I am not a tax advisor, and this is not legal adice.
Although even if I was, you'd still be responsible for your own filings
@_date: 2017-02-09 04:22:22
There are lots of corporate laws that would preclude them from "keeping the money for themselves" or just throwing it away.
I read this as with regards to NAV calculations, what authorized participants can purchase in exchange for shares, etc. - the larger chain will prevail.
But if there is additional value from the smaller chain, the value of such wll find its way to ETF stockholders.  Same as it did for most exchanges with the ETH / ETC split.
@_date: 2015-01-16 19:52:25
I understand.  But reading the statement in the context of the prior sentence, I think the issue he was talking about *was* proving to external parties.
@_date: 2015-01-06 20:10:25
The two factor codes are generated based on a shared seed, if you recall, you had to scan a QR code when you first set it up.
So someone has to get your physical phone, or a copy of that QR code.  The phone number itself doesn't matter.
See here for more detail: 
@_date: 2015-01-23 00:30:33
The guy lied to a lot of people, this article about his Mother's reaction today is quite sad.
"As one damning bit of evidence after another from the laptop was entered into evidence on Wednesday morning, Lyn Ulbricht sat looking battered in the tender part of her that must have been most deeply touched when she first held that easy baby three decades ago.
At the lunch break, Ross stood and turned toward his mother, raising his eyebrows.
But his mom did not even look at him as he was escorted back to the holding pen in that light pink shirt."
@_date: 2016-03-16 16:04:16
Except this is published by a staff writer, not a contributor.
@_date: 2014-07-23 01:34:23
Wow, so not using 2FA, and selecting the "keep me logged on" option on Coinbase.  Neither are good ideas.
Probably the reason PayPal makes you sign on frequently is they are on the hook if, as a result, someone hacks your account.  Coinbase isn't.
I think Coinbase is a good service and pretty secure, but only if you use 2FA - not only on your login, but also on any  bitcoin transfer.  Adds a little more hassle, but worth the security.
@_date: 2015-05-05 01:42:21
I found this from FINRA, which would also apply to OTC:
"Effective December 9, 2013, reports of odd lot transactions that are marked “for publication” or as “tape eligible” are publicly disseminated by FINRA and the securities information processors, as applicable; **however, odd lot transactions do not update the high, low and last sale price for the security**."  
Earlier, odd lot transactions are generally described as less than 100.  So this explains why your transactions are excluded from the high / low and last sale price on all feeds.
With regard to individual trade data, Bloomberg, which is notorious for having the best data, clearly shows everything.  OTC site and others must be taking the more conservative approach of excluding odd lot transactions as they are more prone to manipulation.
As for the asks on OTC, I think the answer may be that the asks is those don't have the "u" after the broker name (not the asking price), indicating they are unsolicited, i.e. not market maker quotes.  (Early in the listing there were quotes with the u.  So maybe OTC will show market maker quotes, regardless of size, but only show unsolicited if they are not odd lot.
PS, for those who haven't seen the bloomberg screenshot, it is here:  
And it has some further odd stuff, as you can't reconcile it to the OTC data. OTC data in my last post had 336 at $37.98, and 400 at $42.  Bloomberg has 334 at $37.98, and 300 at $42.  Then it has 100 at $38 (so not odd lot), 2 at $44, 27 at $133.7, 1 at $200 and 1 at $175.
So, I think odd lots are clearly a factor, but who knows what else is going on.  Regardless, I'd trust bloomberg over the OTC trade data.
@_date: 2015-05-20 20:32:35
Or evidence, as it was clearly admitted as evidence to support the continuing criminal enterprise (kingpin) charge.  
@_date: 2015-01-07 01:45:02
I get your point, and agree that vis a vis bank accounts (up to FDIC limit of $250k per account), regulated broker (SIPC limit of $500k) and credit cards, the risk is much lower.
But if you compare it to other speculative assets, I would argue you have much more control over your fate with bitcoin.
If a company you invest in commits fraud, SIPC doesn't insure you.  They just protect you against the liquidity of your brokerage.  
SIPC also doesn't cover losses in ponzi schemes, among other scams.  In 2013, there were over $3 billion in US ponzi schemes busted.  
As a most recent example of money that was just stolen through fraudulent bank transfers, and is not insured, see Xoom, which announced today it had lost $30m through fraudulent international wire transfers.    
And Circle and some other services do have theft insurance.  And it remains to be seen if Bitstamp will cover the theft. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 16:02:46
I see it the other way. Ross' attorney is arguing that the 144k bitcoin seized from Ross was the result of investing and trading.
If he had earned that money legitimately, would he be living like a poor person?
Whereas if he had earned that money illegitimately, then he would want to lay low.
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:42:32
Thanks.  Sorry for your loss.
@_date: 2015-01-30 01:27:56
I see little chance that a court would certify a bitcoin owner as part of the class.  In securities litigation, it is the owner of the security who has a claim against misstatements by the Company.  The connection between a bitcoin owner and a misstatement by Coinbase is far more tenuous.
I think it is more likely that they would pursue more of a consumer protection violation.  I.e. that Coinbase told its potential customers they were "licensed" when they weren't.  So the class would be Coinbase customers, not bitcoin owners.
And they are trying to shoehorn in the price fall to establish damages.  Because, otherwise, so far there are no damages since the lack of being "licensed" in CA and NY has not really caused any harm.
So at this point, primarily a publicity stunt.  But I could see them having a plausible consumer protection claim.  But unless that lack of "licensing" leads to real damages, it would not be a great case.
@_date: 2015-01-16 19:36:22
Actually, I don't see why they couldn't.
You can clearly bring it to the future.  Fund an address and bring the private key with you, if Bitcoin is still around, you can recover the funds.
For travelling back in time, you just have to find an address that was funded at the time you want to travel back to.  Buy that addresses private key, and when you travel back, you can spend the coins.  More difficult practically, but not logically impossible.
Or, if you are far enough ahead in time that quantum computing has compromised bitcoin, just go back to the old blockchain from the time you are travelling to and print a bunch of private keys.
Of course, you get into the usual time travel paradoxes.  If you had spent the bitcoin you just bought / hacked in the past, would they still exist at the time you wanted to buy / hack them.
But doesn't this apply to cash or gold or any other currency or commodity you want to bring back with you in time?  The blockchain just makes the paradox more apparant.
@_date: 2015-01-08 20:05:53
It is not a state charge from Maryland, but it is a separate case in the US District Court of Maryland, not District Court of New York.
Here is a recent docket report I can link to: 
And I just logged onto PACER and under pending charges it lists 2 of: "18:1512(a)(1)(C) ATTEMPTED WITNESS MURDER; 18:2 AIDING AND ABETTING".  I will post screen shots in a little bit.
So Bruce, I think you are wrong on this one.
EDIT:  Here is link to Pacer docket report.  
@_date: 2016-03-25 14:59:03
Another thought is some people who sell physical bit- / alt-coins will sell them unfunded.
This doesn't change the trust issue vis a vis private keys, but it should solve any MSB issues, as you are not selling a currency, just a wallet.
It also means you don't have any risk with regard to handling larger amounts of bitcoin.  And, it should simplify your working capital.
EDIT - I gather some companies will some them pre-funded, or self funded, and add a note on the self-funded ones.  I guess collectors may place more value on pre-funded coins, but I don't really see the practical difference.  You can always verify they are funded at time of sale by scanning public key, and I can't imagine who would buy without doing so.   And the risk, as always, is whether the private key has been compromised at the time of sale.  You can see lots of discussion of different options here (and there is already a guy who claims to be your US distributor.)  
@_date: 2015-01-23 03:58:32
Even this isn't clear, she then tweeted:
.   Was distracted &amp; sadly missed Ross' exit. I'd NEVER look away from him.  
@_date: 2015-01-29 04:17:34
Actually, I think both sides have a legitimate interpretation.
If you are selling bitcoin for dollars, its pretty clearly established that states and the feds want you to be, minimally, registered as a money services business.
That is what Coinbase has done, and it thus announced that it was now operating a "regulated" exchange in 25 states - i.e. we got MSB licenses in those states, and they have already been registered with Fincen.  They are as regulated as it is reasonably possible based on existing interpretation of laws.
NY and CA have been considering additional licenses for bitcoin businesses, that could be more stringent, or different, from the MSB regulation.  But they haven't enacted them yet.  In that process, they could also decide that only those bitcoin regs apply, and thus the MSB regs are irrelevant for a bitcoin / USD exchange.  Therefore a bitcoin company saying they were regulated as a MSB would be irrelevant.
Thus, from their perspective, Coinbase is not regulated as a bitcoin exchange, since those regulations don't exist.  And they are hedging on whether they think a MSB license is enough.
  
@_date: 2015-01-16 19:05:12
Re. the cold wallet, I think he is technically correct, if you read the prior paragraph. 
"Karpeles would only say that the cold wallets were implemented in 2011 and that auditing their contents was risky since it involved scanning the QR code for a wallet and checking whether its private key matched the public key on the Internet."
So he isn't saying that just checking the balance of a cold wallet makes it less secure, he is saying the process of validating that you control the private key in audit does technically make the wallet less cold, as you are required to remove the private key from whatever safe / encryption it is in, and show it to someone else.
Still, I agree it was shady, as other companies have clearly found ways to let auditors validate ownership of private keys.
@_date: 2016-03-07 22:30:56
First, that isn't really how invited work ;-).
Second, I think the recent blog postings by participants and the subsequent discussion has been fairly productive.  I think they underscore the advantage of having some meetings using the Chatham House Rule.  People can air their views without worrying about specific quotes being cherry-picked, but the overall gist of the meeting has now been fairly well documented.  
@_date: 2015-05-05 17:54:53
BIT purchased directly could possibly be sold to other qualified investors, in theory, but there is no established market to do that.  And you would need BIT approval to sell shares.




otherwise be resold except in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and state securities laws and any such transaction must
be approved by the Sponsor.
It was supposed to be redeemable, but isn't currently due to regulatory issues, and there is no clear timetable for when or of that will be fixed.  From their filing:


effect on an investment in the Shares.**


redemption subject to certain limitations. On September 23, 2014, the Distributor received a letter
from the staff of the SEC’s Office of Compliance Inspections and Examinations summarizing the
staff’s findings from an onsite review of the Distributor’s broker-dealer activities conducted in
June 2014. In its exit report, the staff stated that it had concluded that the Trust’s redemption
program, in which Shareholders were permitted to request the redemption of their Shares through
the Authorized Participant, appears to violate Regulation M under the Securities Exchange Act
because such redemptions of Shares take place at the same time the Trust is in the process of
creating Shares. The Distributor and the Trust are in discussions with the staff of the SEC in order
to resolve the staff’s concerns, although the Distributor and the Trust cannot at this time predict
whether the Trust will be permitted to reinstate the Share redemption program for the benefit of
Shareholders or the impact such a resolution may have on their respective activities. Until such
time as the Trust is able to reinitiate the Share redemption program for the benefit of Shareholders,
if ever, investors will be unable to (or could be significantly impeded in attempting to) sell or
otherwise liquidate their investment in the Shares, which could have a material adverse impact on
an investment in the Shares.
@_date: 2016-03-25 14:25:41
A couple of thoughts:
1 - In addition to the trusted third party, are you going to make your real name available and sign a list of the private keys?  That was one of the approaches Mike Caldwell took with his Casascius physical bitcoins (the first physical bitcoin).  


A.  I have given out my real-world identity and have digitally signed a list of the Bitcoin addresses used in this project.  I have made it so that it if I were to perpetrate a scam, it would be possible to prove it and to hold me legally accountable - something no scammer wants to do.  You should demand the same from anyone handling your cryptocurrency. [Edit to add link to his Q&amp;A: 
2 - I would think outsourcing this "trust" to a third party could be expensive, especially they are indemnifying in case of any problem.
3 - The holograms Casascius used were ultimately hacked.  Mike acknowledged this and noted that was one of the reasons he never claimed his coins were perfect, and were instead more of a "proof of concept", collector idea.  
4 - Have you thought through the MSB issues.  Mike ultimately stopped selling his coins based on advice of counsel that he was arguably in the money transfer business - ie you send cash, he sends bitcoin.  Even if you only accept bitcoin for the notes, there is still a risk, as you may not be able to ensure that the person paying for the note is the same one receiving it.  Ultimately, these concerns led Mike to stop selling his physical coins.  
@_date: 2017-03-29 15:29:10
The SEC can certainly add a lot of pressure to influence such a decision.
For example, in one of the latest amendments, they added this specific language relating to which fork they would choose:


This was no doubt in response to the SEC not liking the idea of an open-ended question as to which fork would be followed.  They therefore are locked into a position, vs most exchanges who have taken more of a wait and see approach (only immediate decision being which one gets to keep the current ticker).
Also, their rejection is very clear that the concern was the unregulated nature of many exchanges, and the lack of surveillance sharing arrangements among the exchanges of the ETF and the underlying asset.
So if this was fixed, and certain exchanges had sharing arrangements, and others didn't, and one fork was more popular on those without, the SEC could put a lot of pressure on not trading that coin for the same rationale.
But I still agree with you, all things considered I wish they had approved the ETF.
@_date: 2016-03-19 16:10:46
Is there really an official bitcoin / bolivar rate?
@_date: 2016-03-01 22:13:55
Why can't a private individual invite people he / she wants to a conference he / she put together using the Chatham House Rule?
And by the way, the Chatham House Rule is designed to permit attendees to share information they learned at the meeting, just not attributed to an individual.  
@_date: 2017-03-23 14:11:03
Manipulation is very much one the SEC's concerns in general, and was the main reason listed in the BATS rule change denial:
From the first paragraph of the "C.  Basis for Denial" section on page 47 (emphasis added):


importance of surveillance-sharing agreements between the national securities exchange listing and trading the ETP, and significant markets relating to the underlying asset.  Such agreements, **which are a necessary tool to enable the ETP-listing exchange to detect and deter manipulative conduct**, enable the exchange to meet its **obligation under Section 6(b)(5) of the Exchange Act to
have rules that are designed to prevent fraudulent and manipulative acts** and practices and to protect investors and the public interest.
@_date: 2017-03-13 21:08:03
Google bitcoin taxes, and you will find lots of professionals giving more detailed advice.
But generally, you can either do it manually, which can be cumbersome as you have to track all purchases, and match the sales against the appropriate purchase / purchases (FIFO or LIFO, but once you pick a system, you can't change it.)  Then separate gains between short term and long term, and report on Schedule D.
Where you've bought or sold for cash, gains are pretty simple.  For purchases [edit - mean purchases or transaction for bitcoin, not purchase of bitcoin, where the basis is just what you paid], you may need to use an average price for the day.
Or there are service providers who will do it for you, some for free if you don't have too many trades.  One caution is that if you import from Coinbase (and possibly other vendors), every external transfer is treated as a sale.  If those were transfers to other accounts that you control, you would have to flag it separately so it doesn't treat it as a capital gain.  Here is one that has a free option.
@_date: 2016-03-01 16:03:24
If he told the participants the meetings would be kept confidential, then the transcripts should not be released.  The participants relied on that in deciding to attend and speak. 
Unless, of course, the participants unanimously agree to their release.
You can object to the fact the meetings were private in the first place, but once the ground rules were set, changing them after the fact would be a breach of privacy / trust for those who attended under those rules.
@_date: 2015-01-19 21:38:36
I was going to post the same thing.  They also tie a suspicious $2m MtGox account to Ross:
"After receiving the records for the account, investigators working with USAO-SDNY’s investigation of Silk Road were able to tie the “davidmasiano MtGox account to the defendant through various means. For example, MtGox records showed the account being consistently accessed through IP addresses that traced back to the defendant. Moreover, transactional records from the account were included as attachments to certain emails recovered from the defendant’s Gmail account which was searched pursuant to a search warrant."
@_date: 2017-03-05 16:29:41
I wouldn't say most analysts outside of France predict a victory for Marine, and I would also say most analysts are aware of the various election system they analyze.
However, it is reasonable to wonder about the polls.  Polls showed Brexit failing, and Clinton winning.  Polls have been less than accurate about significant, controversial events lately.  So the fact that polls are showing Marine would lose in the second round are also being questioned.
One argument for why this happens is social desirability basis, where people answer questions (live or phone) in a way they perceive will be more publicly acceptable, or 'politically correct'.  Donald Trump, for example, did much better on anonymous online polls than in traditional phone polls.
Of course, the problem with anonymous online polls is it is harder to have a good sample. 
So we won't know what the French will really do until it happens.
@_date: 2015-01-10 00:32:22
I wish people would quit trying to act smart by using fractional reserve in this context.
Most banks are fractional reserve banks.  This is well known and legal.  Many have been quite successful over long periods of time without bailouts.  You may object to them on philosophical grounds, or not want to place your money there.  that is fine.
No bitcoin exchange I know claims to be "fractional reserve".  If they are in fact using customer funds for other purposes, or don't have sufficient reserves to back their customer deposits fully, then they aren't operating a fractional reserve. they are just plain and simple committing fraud.
If your garage were using your car for themselves or renting it to others, you wouldn't say "they are operating a car share service."  You'd just say they were committing fraud.  And it would have nothing to do with whether car share services were a good or bad business.
@_date: 2017-03-17 19:23:55
He specifically says he "may have not realized this change, I don't think it was malicious or deceptive" and you still attack him?
@_date: 2017-03-11 01:19:50
Buy GBTC now that the premium isn't too bad again (although that may change Monday).  I've done that with my Roth IRA.  
Or talk to these guys.  
@_date: 2017-03-20 01:58:47
I'm from the US, and a lawyer, the "precedents" bdd4 "cites" have almost no connection to the various fork proposals, or changing POW.
It is an open source platform for a digital currency that is still a drop in the bucket in the world of global finance.  Putting out proposals that can be voluntarily adopted and may lead to more forks / altcoins is hardly anti-competitive.  The huge number of alts, with increasingly large market caps, further supports this.
Blessedbt's example of Altavista suing customers for switching to Google captures the idea far better than bdd4's Microsoft / Netscape idea.  But a better analogy would be a mid-sized public company choosing to pick a different technology / supplier, while those suppliers were threatening supply chain disruption if that company didn't accept their demands.  US Courts would soundly declare they don't give a fuck, and that it seems like good old capitalist competition.
@_date: 2017-03-08 04:13:34
Someone who contributes to Bitcoin Core... As opposed to someone who represents all Bitcoin Core contributors?
@_date: 2017-03-19 03:35:56


Isn't that the definition of "putting their money where their mouths are?"
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:54:34


What the F does this mean?  Typical Bruce Fenton financial advisor Bullshit.
@_date: 2016-01-11 02:01:13
He has expressly said he doesn't believe in majority consensus.


@_date: 2017-03-20 02:17:20
What do you mean?  Both the graphs above show segwit declining in adoption / BU increasing along longer term scales.  Are you saying none of these trends are relevant?
@_date: 2017-03-11 01:22:57
Agreed, they specifically closed with:


@_date: 2017-03-11 15:18:22
The reason for the rejection was that the majority of the exchanges are unregulated.  That may change over time, but is not something the other ETFs can fix in the short term.
@_date: 2017-03-20 03:30:23
But those are both monopolistic situations.  As was your previous Microsoft example.
Who is the monopolist in crypto?  The FTC would most likely look at the market as payment services.  Where bitcoin is a bit (pun intended) player.  FTC doesn't look to protect companies, but consumers.  I love bitcoin, but I also use Visa, MC, Paypal and bank transfers for cheap transactions.  FTC doesn't give a fuck about bitcoin in a competitive sense, except to the extent of consumer fraud.
Even if they just look at crypto, so called "core" is a bunch of people contributing code that any participant is free to adopt.  And lots of alts have shown that the barriers to entry for a fork or entirely new crypto are very low.  Hardly anti-competitive.  
Oh, and Blockstream, the BTC bogey man.  OK, they employ a couple of core developers (again, so what, since anything those developers propose needs to be voluntarily adopted by the ecosystem, and a significant percentage of the ecosystem is currently puking on the "Core" proposals they are accused to be part of).  Blockstream may have gotten some decent funding, but in the grand financial scheme of things bitcoin, they are a non-entity.  Where is their market dominating product, how much bitcoin do they control, how many nodes do they control, what percentage of mining do they control?
Maybe miners are showing anti-competitive behavior to the extent one believes there is strong centralization and collusion among Chinese miners.  But the entire premise of bitcoin is that market forces will lead to miners doing the right thing.  If they don't, where is the legal harm?  And now that some people think they are doing the wrong thing, there is more active talk of forks and other actions to mitigate that harm.  And there is precedence from alt-coins and the Ethereum fork that forks aren't the end of the world.  Again, not anti-competitive - it is evidence of healthy competition!
This is just on the antitrust issues that you have cited.  I think any other legal claims are just tenuous.  US prosecutors / courts / regulators have shown interest in crypto with regard to consumer protection, use in criminal activities (silkroad) or KYC / AML related.  They do not (and should not) care if as part of the normal competitive evolution of the market some companies get hurt.  That is competition.
@_date: 2017-03-20 04:06:23
*sigh*, I lean core but I think you have your head up your ass.
@_date: 2017-03-11 01:08:56
It essentially took a back door to go public on the OTC whereby they didn't need the SEC's approval.  Many people consider OTC stocks shady.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:53:32
But on the last slide, he claims he is "World's First Bitcoin Investor."  That must count for something? /s
@_date: 2016-06-07 19:15:52
I think of it like this.
Clearly, if SEC approves COIN, the GBTC premium will erode.
But, by the same token, SEC approval of COIN could lead to a rally in bitcoin, that benefits GBTC and COIN.
And, even if the premium goes away, GBTC would still be the best performing asset in my 401k / IRAs for the last year.
@_date: 2016-06-29 20:44:50
This is just for purposes of filing fees, taking maximum proposed offering times price.  In the last amendment, they did the same thing, but had bitcoin valued at around $200, so $20m was used for the fee.
As this is an ETF, that full amount is not being raised immediately.  What is interesting is they have now filled in (although bracketed) the committment by the initial purchaser.  Previously this was blank.  Now it says:  "On [    ], [INITIAL PURCHASER] (the “Initial Purchaser”), subject to certain conditions, purchased [100,000] Shares in exchange for [10,000] bitcoin worth $[    ], which comprise the initial Baskets (the “Seed Baskets’)."
So they are looking at around $6.5m as the initial commitment.
@_date: 2016-06-30 03:10:50


So... at least two reasons?
@_date: 2016-06-21 17:27:29
Thanks for the explanation, CSV and your other contributions to bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-06-13 19:36:35
Brings back fond memories of Thanksgiving 2013!
@_date: 2016-06-12 13:56:39
Compare it to another search term, however, and you will see that the trend is minute.  
@_date: 2016-06-07 19:11:29
ETNs that are publicly traded in the US also require SEC registration.  SEC can drag their feet on ETNs as well.
@_date: 2016-06-30 03:15:29
No, the $65m is just for purposes of filing fees, taking maximum proposed offering times price. In the last amendment, they did the same thing, but had bitcoin valued at around $200, so $20m was used for the fee.
As this is an ETF, that full amount is not being raised immediately. 
What is interesting is they have now filled in (although bracketed) the commitment by the initial purchaser. Previously this was blank. Now it says: "On [ ], [INITIAL PURCHASER] (the “Initial Purchaser”), subject to certain conditions, purchased [100,000] Shares in exchange for [10,000] bitcoin worth $[ ], which comprise the initial Baskets (the “Seed Baskets’)."
So they are looking at around $6.5m as the initial commitment.  And I think there is a decent chance the initial commitment comes from Winklevoss personal bitcoin holdings, but not guaranteed.
@_date: 2016-06-11 13:19:11
Loved the Roger Ver way.
@_date: 2016-06-07 02:35:12
Not quite.
Roth IRA is not funded with pre-tax earnings, it is after-tax.  But you get to take distributions tax free (capital gains or income).
Other IRAs / 401k are funded pre-tax, but withdraws are taxable as ordinary income.  But the theory is your tax bracket when retired and withdrawing should be lower.
@_date: 2017-01-03 20:41:16
I'm in finance as well.  There are lots of investments with effective fees over 2%.  Fees aren't based on altruism or ethics, but competition.  The fact that there is still no competition for GBTC after several years is telling, and there are obviously plenty of investors who find the fee reasonable.  Comparing the fees to larger, more established and competitive offerings doesn't make sense to me.
And as for exploiting retail investors... Well, they are OTC listed, a closed end fund trading (now) at a significant premium and invested in bitcoin.  That will obviously raise red flags to most investors and investment advisors.  And most company sponsored 401ks probably don't permit investment in OTC stocks to begin with.
People buying GBTC either understand the risks and costs and advantages, or they don't, in which case they are probably the type of retail investors who could easily find thousands of other shitty investments to make.
It will be interesting to see what fees COIN charges if ever approved.  And since they are using Gemini for trading, they will be capturing fees on trading too.
 
@_date: 2017-01-24 20:03:26
No, Gwillen is correct, internal transfers among your accounts do not count as dispositions.  It is the same as moving a piece of artwork from one safe to another, or to your house.
I was responding to your comment "many of my coins wouldn't even be subject to capital gains taxes due to holding them for over a year."  If you dispose of bitcoin after holding it for a year, you would be taxed at the long term capital gain rate, instead of the often higher ordinary income rate for less than a year.
That said, I will correct my previous comment and give you some possible good news.  If your income level is such that your tax bracket is 15% or lower, the long term capital gain rate is 0%.  More details here:  
@_date: 2016-06-21 18:43:59
Joseph VaughnPerling claimed to have a message from the trustee of the Tulip Trust threatening Craig that moving any coin held by the trust would have "material legal and tax implications."
So Craig's excuse for not moving the coins after he said he would was a combination of "the trust won't permit me" and "I'm afraid of being prosecuted as a terrorist", both of which were made up.
@_date: 2017-01-31 20:35:02
You also get to deduct the mortgage interest, so the effective rate you need to beat is lower.
@_date: 2017-01-06 00:03:41
And like GLD, COIN will be audited for its inventory and its processes.  It just won't be done in a public cryptographic proof of reserve fashion.




@_date: 2017-01-04 01:06:33
Here is the 2015 audit, starting at page F1.  141k bitcoin at 12/31/15, page F4.
Like most US public companies, audits are done on a yearly basis.  The unaudited figures at 9/30/16 show 169k of bitcoin.  Page 10.
Latest Net Asset Value per share (value of bitcoin held, not market price of shares) is 95.63.  With around 1.8m shares out, and bitcoin price around $1,000, around 172k bitcoin held now, so consistent with latest quarterly filing.
Yes, if they got hacked for all of their bitcoin, price should go to zero, absent any speculation about recoverability.
@_date: 2017-01-05 00:41:41
Actually, more like many of us redditors...
@_date: 2017-01-04 20:00:52
They will actually own bitcoin, not derivatives or any other tracking mechanism.
There are no plans to make it "provable" to investors in a cryptographic sense.  However, they will be SEC registered and audited as with other public companies.  
As with most ETFs, and unlike closed end funds like GBTC, there is a mechanism for institutional investors to create and redeem new shares to keep supply and demand balance.
I.e. if the COIN market price is showing a premium to NAV - indicating insufficient supply -  these participants will sell bitcoin to COIN in exchange for shares, which they can then sell on the market, capturing the spread.  If market price is a discount to NAV, they buy the shares and redeem them for bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-04 02:41:59




And there is extensive disclosure in their OTC filings about the risks of bitcoin being stolen / hacked / etc.
@_date: 2017-01-03 19:15:49
There is no argument that the Winklevoss ETF won't be better, but I don't think that makes GBTC "scammy."  
It creatively fulfilled a unique niche, primarily for, in my view, US investors who wanted an easy way to get some bitcoin in their 401k / IRA.  That is why I bought it, and I already had bitcoin through more normal channels.
As the first and still only US public company doing this, I don't think a 2% fee is that unreasonable.  As they grow larger and eventually face competition, that may change.
And the SEC thing was a technicality related to having a redemption program active at the same time as they were listing the shares on the OTC.
That said, I bought it below $30 when the premium to NAV was much, much lower...  But that isn't GBTC's fault, just further underscores the demand for a bitcoin public vehicle that you can purchase with 401k / IRA funds.
@_date: 2017-01-05 00:45:11
Retail investors can't redeem shares for bitcoin.  But as with most ETFs, and unlike closed end funds like GBTC, there is a mechanism for institutional investors to create and redeem new shares to keep supply and demand balance.
I.e. if the COIN market price is showing a premium to NAV - indicating insufficient supply - these participants will sell bitcoin to COIN in exchange for shares, which they can then sell on the market, capturing the spread. If market price is a discount to NAV, they buy the shares and redeem them for bitcoin.
Both new shares and redemptions are done in "baskets" of 10,000 shares, or their NAV equivalent.
@_date: 2017-01-20 22:27:14
Correct on the first point.
In current state, I think they may no longer be able to sell to accredited investors since they are in registration.  So this could affect premium at some point, but since the accredited investors have to hold a year before selling on OTC, no immediate liquidity hit.
@_date: 2016-11-24 01:01:09
Not yet, they are contesting the civil petition.






@_date: 2017-01-04 21:39:28
Some miner's have refunded similar mistakes:  
@_date: 2017-01-24 18:17:18
You still owe capital gains for transactions where you held an asset for a year, it just may be taxed at a lower rate.
@_date: 2016-11-06 14:57:07
Wow.  Here is a link to the full letter.  Amazing.  
And one of the comments nails the hypocrisy of complaining about "censorship" vs using DMCA take downs:








@_date: 2016-11-18 02:21:05
I bet there have been more localbitcoin prosecutions for money laundering than there have been for coinbase tax avoidance.  And if they get you for money laundering, you can bet they will check if you paid taxes appropriately.
@_date: 2016-11-18 02:32:25
Bloomberg terminals, which zerohedge has access to, often get info like this before the public / free sources.  I also can't find it on PACER yet.
@_date: 2017-01-20 22:00:55
It should cause the premium to be arbitraged away very quickly.
Authorized participants would be able to sell bitcoin to the trust for an equivalent amount of shares based on the NAV, and then sell those shares on the market.  Given the current premium, that would be a very profitable trade, so fund will do this very competitively until the premium largely goes away.
@_date: 2016-11-25 14:45:01
They say here and elsewhere that they are working with law enforcement.  


@_date: 2017-01-31 21:19:59
This is an incredibly stupid article.  He didn't net a profit by buying real estate, he made money by owning bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-11-12 20:03:57
And Jared Kushner, his son in law.  Trump is not shy about his nepotism.
@_date: 2016-11-24 01:57:51
What is your definition of "large"?  And have you also sold or transferred "large" amounts?
@_date: 2016-12-07 21:16:58
The point of an ETF is that it is supposed to be much more mechanical than a regular public company or mutual fund.  So they probably needed to choose a clear metric.  Having to select and update a list of companies that comprise "the economic majority" is fairly subjective, regardless of whether you agree with that approach.
@_date: 2016-11-04 21:34:23
Exactly, and I'm not a fan of Ver.  But when you are told that the alternative to a plea deal is aggressive prosecution with a much longer sentence, it is hard not to see that as some form of "coercion."
@_date: 2016-11-07 19:45:44
Zooko also proposed recently to periodically force everyone to reveal their balance as a solution for the hidden inflation problem. At a certain block height all “anonymous” coins would become invalid and an observer would be able to sum up all “transparent” coins. If the total amount is equal to or less than the emission should actually be, the system can be considered “sound” until that point in time.
  
The proposal is discussed by Zooko here:  
@_date: 2016-12-28 15:12:11


Not really.  Since spending bitcoin (here, spending them on taxes) is also a taxable event, you'd still have to gross up the payment same as if you were selling for cash to pay the IRS.
@_date: 2017-01-04 21:29:22
Then again, their goal is to make bitcoin simple to purchase without needing to understand the underlying technology or worry about storing the coin themself.  So I'm not sure that crowd would really care too much about cryptographic proof of holdings.
@_date: 2016-12-16 02:44:28
The thing that concerns me is that coinbase customers who have properly paid their taxes can still get dragged into a big mess with this broad summons.
I've paid taxes on bitcoin sold or spent.  But I've also moved most of my bitcoin off of coinbase into cold storage. I haven't treated those as capital gains, which I think is proper.
I'm not really looking forward to having to explain this difference to the IRS.  I've dealt with the IRS before, and they have generally been very professional.  However, they are still bureaucratic and, as the suit mentions, not well funded.  I dealt with some intestacy issues with them once and the only way I could communicate certain documents was by fax, to a shared fax, which was not very reliable.  
I'm not looking forward to trying to use faxes to prove ownership of my cold storage addresses.  If they don't accept that, I'm not really looking forward to transferring cold storage back to coinbase to prove ownership (incurring exchange risk and new coinbase KYC questions.)
And, I gather that in many cases, audits are all or nothing.  And the tone of the IRS subpoena is that buying bitcoin is inherently suspect.  So they may not just look at bitcoin transactions, but potentially look at everything.  I don't think I've done anything wrong with my taxes, but again, I'm not really looking forward to potentially having several years of returns audited and defended.
So I do look forward to coinbase and others fighting the summons, but am resigned to severe annoyance if they are unsuccessful. 
@_date: 2016-12-16 16:54:54


That is my hope, but it could still be a PITA.
@_date: 2016-12-28 16:39:33
You are correct, edited.  
That said, any idea how they define a transaction?
@_date: 2016-11-18 01:15:33
Apparantly the middle class and rich Indians aren't as disrupted, as they are more likely to have credit cards and other options.  See the other post on r/bitcoin  
@_date: 2016-11-24 01:09:52
Don't know about international courts, but it is spelled out in the user agreement and such a provision is perfectly legal in the US:


EDIT: Also, re. definition of "Person":






@_date: 2016-11-26 02:06:06
The SEC will do its own diligence, he has damaged his own reputation more than the chances of the ETF being approved.
@_date: 2016-11-18 01:43:26
I can't find this yet on PACER.  Will post a link when I can.  My guess is that rather than a blanket request for transaction data, it relates to a specific tax audit case where they subpoenaed coinbase records for a specific client. 
Regardless, any US buyer / seller through coinbase who isn't paying taxes on their bitcoin transactions is kind of an idiot.
@_date: 2016-12-05 00:09:53
@_date: 2016-11-18 02:11:58
I don't think they do currently, or they would also send you a 1099-B as well.
They do report 1099-Ks, which is for merchants who receive over a certain threshold of payments / amounts (more than 200 receipt transactions which amount to greater than $20,000 during the calendar year).  This is no different than the obligations of any payment processor    (And note this reply is in response to a question about 1099-Bs, so their silence on that question indicates they don't report 1099-B type info.)
But if you get audited, and have a bunch of ACH transfers to coinbase, you can be pretty sure they are going to subpoena Coinbase for the records.  Or if your neighbor is jealous of your new car / boat with "Bitcoin" as its plate!
@_date: 2016-12-04 03:12:10
But what if he is also hiding behind 8 proxies! /s
I agree with you.  None of the major bitcoin legal busts have been due to blockchain analysis, it is due to traditional "gumshoe" law enforcement.
Tax evasion / enforcement will be the same.  They will catch people through on / off ramps to crypto (buying through an exchange, spending for goods that are traceable) or through the classic neighbor / friend rat:
"Dear IRS, My annoying neighbor BTC_Forever keeps telling me I am enslaved by taxes and bitcoin will set me free.  He works a 9 to 5 middle income job and has recently bought a nice boat and a Tesla."
@_date: 2016-12-28 23:44:25
I agree with your interpretation, Luke-Jr.  It would be interesting if Coinbase could create a mechanism for other coinbase customers to have have their identities formally disclosed to the IRS.  Or maybe there is a way to have a class-action like joinder to Mr. Berns motions?
The IRS already knows I have owned bitcoin, as I've reported sale transactions in my returns.  So them knowing that I am a customer doesn't add much.  
Them knowing how much I have, and have had, and all other info is much more of an invasion of privacy.
@_date: 2016-11-18 02:29:13
Even if that happened, the only likely alternative is that it is treated as a currency.  Which in most cases (other than small annual exemptions) could be worse, as currency gains / losses are treated as income, which usually has a higher tax rate.
@_date: 2016-11-18 20:14:42


It will be interesting to see how the IRS looks at this.  If you can prove you lost an asset, or were the victim of theft, you should be able to declare a loss.  However, it is also a known scam.  In the precious metals world there are many jokes about people losing their precious metals in a boating accident.  I would assume the IRS investigates the hell out of it.


Then you will need evidence of the donation.  There are specific rules about donating appreciated assets without a tax hit, including what type of institutions count.  Those types of institutions will give you receipts, so you will have proof.
Donating to an unqualified organization or giving to a friend?  That would be considered a recognition event.  You would be taxed on any gain or loss at the time of the transaction (just like any other transaction), and whether the recipient is taxed would be subject to other rules.
@_date: 2016-12-29 00:01:32
Might be a good idea to amend your returns if you didn't properly report your taxes, though.
@_date: 2016-12-04 18:46:15
In the US, you can report anonymously.  Even if it wasn't, unlikely there is a claim if you had reasonable grounds for suspicion.  The law does not want to discourage reporting suspicious activities.
Googling "reporting a neighbor to the IRS" turns up 6.3m hits on google.  The IRS whistleblower program is a very real thing, with a dedicated "small awards program" for claims below $2 million where you get up to 15% of any recovery.  There are even lawyers who specialize in representing whistleblowers.
@_date: 2016-11-18 02:26:52
I think it is the other way.  If you bought bitcoin, and can't prove you still own them, presumption that you transferred them and therefore taxable event.  
I.e. I have paid taxes on bitcoin I sold or spent, but not those I transferred to other wallets or cold storage (which is appropriate vis a vis IRS.)
But if I were audited, I would expect they would want me to prove that I still control those other wallets / addresses, if not, those transactions would have been taxable transactions.
@_date: 2016-11-18 03:16:46
They tell you to provide the records and look at the evidence.
If you had a transfer out of coinbase to an address and you couldn't show that address was one you still control, then it would be a taxable transfer.
They would look at your coinbase records to see what your basis was for bitcoin purchased, and then use daily average on the day you transferred to see if you had a gain or a loss.
It is not rocket science, it is the same as a lot of other commodity / barter transactions.  Just in the bitcoin / Coinbase case, Coinbase record keeping and the blockchain probably mean it is easier to figure it out.
@_date: 2016-12-28 15:33:34
Arguably worse, at least in the US.  
People seem to think that if it was treated as a currency, it wouldn't be taxed.  But the mistake is that most people don't pay taxes on currency transactions either because: (i) there is an exception for gains up to $200 ~~a year~~ ***[edit - per trip or transaction]***, so that you don't have to fill out forms for miscellaneous travel expenses or (ii) for those same misc. travel expenses, there is rarely a record if you are changing cash overseas, so people don't really worry about it (so kind of like purchasing bitcoin from an ATM).
Otherwise, currency gains are taxed the same as the underlying transaction.  If currency gains result from trade or business activities, it is taxable as ordinary income.  If in connection with investment activities, capital gains.
So the IRS could view misc. spending of bitcoin as ordinary income (higher tax rate potentially) and investment activities the same as current.  So could be worse depending on your activities, and more work tracking different usage.
@_date: 2016-12-07 19:08:46
Some of the changes described below.  Overall, not significant, which could suggest last set of comments from the SEC was not that significant.
1.  Bitcoin now defined not as a digital "asset" but a "commodity", with a footnote to a legal case referencing "Bitcoin is a commodity as defined in Section 1a(9) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 7 U.S.C. § 1a(9). See In re Coinflip, Inc., No. 15-29 (CFTC Sept. 17, 2015) (“Coinflip”). " *** This could help support the listing, as there are many commodity ETFs.***  
2.  Additional references to the new Gemini daily auctions as potentially promoting price stability (this was already covered elsewhere in v7, so not totally new.)  And financial statements now note the auction prices will be used for current value calculations.
3.  Added reference to CFTC settling with Bitfinex and some other cases to a section discussing SEC / other regulator actions.  The argument is that these actions tend to support similarity of bitcoin to other commodities / securities.  
4.  Added risk factor on split:


5.  Updated discussion of Gemini exchange compared to other exchanges in terms of volume, prices.  Argument seems to be supporting COIN's reliance on a US regulated exchange that reflects global bitcoin prices.
6.  Adds reference to Sept. 21 US treasury notice: "As the Use of Virtual Currencies in Taxable Transactions Becomes More Common, Additional Actions are Needed to Ensure Taxpayer Compliance" and notes IRS may revisit tax treatment accordingly.
7. Includes template for additional financial information that would be reported (but all blank numbers), and some additional notes to financial statements, including treatment of bitcoin as a commodity for financial statement purposes, and use of auction price for current value.
@_date: 2016-11-25 15:41:14
I haven't bothered looking.  But I have never seen a company report a police investigation "filing  before, and in many places they can be kept confidential.
Bitfinex is registered with Fincen in the US, has settled with the CFTC so has acknowledged their authority, and is probably similarly registered in other jurisdictions.  They acknowledge they cooperate with law enforcement requests:  
So I kind of feel like the onus is on you to establish they aren't working with the police if you want to make that statement to a regulatory authority.
@_date: 2015-08-01 01:52:35
Basically.  Hence, either "proof of concept" or "smoke and mirrors."  Take your pick.  I still think its kind of cool, but FNY appears to have no risk.
@_date: 2015-08-20 17:22:33
They're made of horse hair.  
@_date: 2015-08-01 14:22:25
But they have transactions and ending balances of zero.
I think the first couple are probably plants to make it a slightly more scary prank.
@_date: 2015-08-01 23:15:50
@_date: 2015-07-10 17:00:14
I guess I wasn't really saying the bitcoin approach didn't add something, but more that I'm skeptical how they solve the first problem, having a digital watermark that isn't eliminated when you compress / reformat the file.
@_date: 2015-07-27 18:00:31
From looking at his history, looks like he got two 82 bit tips.
So OP, you actually only have about 4.7 cents.
@_date: 2015-07-15 01:42:20
You may have untraceable "new" coins, but you also have a very traceable lack of explanation for what happened to the coins you purchased - in Simcom's example - from Coinbase.
@_date: 2015-07-27 18:30:32
Some discussions here: 
Or it appears you can turn off SMS entirely:  
@_date: 2015-07-14 17:54:15
But under that pickup policy, "you'll also need to offer one of the approved electronic methods".
And cryptocurrencies are on the "Not allowed".
If you look at the restricted category for bank transfers, checks, money orders, you get lots of things like boats and cars and other big items.  I.e. things you are more likely to pickup.
@_date: 2015-07-31 18:19:27
It is still proof of concept, as OSTK made a similar loan to FNY Capital offsetting any risk, and the parties expect to unwind both transactions later in the year.


@_date: 2015-07-04 14:46:59
Yes with regard to the bailout funds.  But what do you think the original $310 billion of government debt was incurred to finance?  Let me give you a clue, it is "government" debt!
And look at the broader history: "The combined length of period under which Greece was in default during the modern era totaled 90 years, or approximately 50% of the total period that the country has been independent."
Read more:  
Follow us:  on Twitter
@_date: 2015-07-10 13:30:18
But I'm not sure what this really adds.
It requires that each recipient of a screener has a unique copy with a unique bitcoin address that cannot be eliminated when the file is converted or otherwise.
That seems to be the key part of the system.  If they had this, then they could simply monitor the torrents and check the identifier themself to see who leaked a screener.
Having the bitcoin private key embedded is neat tweak in that you don't even have to monitor the torrent sites.  But what seems further odd is that is not what Custos does, they still have a centralized system for snitching:


@_date: 2015-07-14 18:42:02
Was there a consensus on whether parliament should accept or reject the latest bailout terms?
@_date: 2015-07-11 19:37:16
Thanks for the tip, but no need.
@_date: 2015-07-14 17:49:45
There is no federal law preventing a business from accepting cash.  Offhand, I'm not aware of any state ones either.






 (emphasis added)
@_date: 2015-08-01 02:01:15
I had the same experience.
But why would one that used to have a balance appear on this list?  The probabilities of that seems not much lower than one that does have a balance?
@_date: 2015-07-14 17:57:29
Yes, per the quote, cash in payment of debt must be accepted, but merchants don't have to accept cash for goods and services.
@_date: 2015-07-16 21:56:33
Technically, the $1 billion is the state's.  But they are going to allow other people to deposit their gold, and then those people could use certificates backed by that gold to purchase things.  So essentially buying things with gold without having to physically remove the gold.
@_date: 2015-07-11 18:17:37
If you own a share of a company, you have no right to redeem your share for a portion of the company's assets.  Yet, in a relatively efficient market, the price of the share tracks the value of the company's assets.
And companies are often harder to value than a commodity like bitcoin.
The ability for authorized participants in a more traditional ETF to create / redeem shares in exchange for the underlying asset promotes efficient tracking, but it doesn't mean that such a mechanism is necessary for reasonable tracking to occur in an efficient and liquid market.
@_date: 2015-07-11 19:10:35
I was just trying to keep things simple.  In the case of an operating asset, future earnings / cash flow is one of the ways to go.
@_date: 2016-02-16 15:45:52
I think it was ordered for delivery to Martin's place, not somewhere else.  
It wasn't someone who wanted a barrel of lube, it was someone who wanted to send Martin a barrel of lube.
@_date: 2017-04-25 13:55:28
I love how the cease and desist letter leaves the supposed client name in brackets: "[FoxMiners LLC]", because that is the format the template used to indicate where to insert the client name "[CLIENT NAME]."  
@_date: 2015-07-27 17:50:16
Tweet from a well regarded security guy:


If your Android phone doesn't say "Nexus" or "Blackphone", you're probably going to want to toss it.  Stagefright is epically bad.
1:21 PM - 27 Jul 2015
@_date: 2017-04-06 19:47:55
Best summary so far.
@_date: 2016-02-24 14:29:15
Yep, seems to pretty clearly be a brothel.  
@_date: 2016-02-24 00:44:33
Dear god, their comments are as bad as YouTube, with worse formatting. 
@_date: 2017-04-02 16:01:41
From footnotes, this is as big of a problem:


I don't see why this should be the case.  Bitcoin is still a relatively small ecosystem, with a lot of early adopter whales, and later adopter relative whales who could purchase meaningful stakes for relatively small amounts compared to the amount of global wealth.
For example, according to these figures, people owning more than 2,189 bitcoin comprise ~~.0003~~.003% + .~~0001~~.001%, or ~~.0004~~.004%.  Multiplying this by the potentially high assumption of 25m users equals only ~~100~~1,000 people.  This is absurdly low in my opinion.
Corrected my decimals per comment below, still think 1,000 people with more than 2,189 is way low.
@_date: 2015-07-20 19:42:54
Because cash, even in electronic form, is an asset.  The bank receiving the payment of cash is cancelling one asset (loan) for another (cash).
I think the issue is more to do with the ELA (ECB Emergency Liquidity Assistance).  ELA is what is giving the Greek banks cash to deal with the withdrawals.  In exchange, they demand collateral.  
Presumably the loans count as collateral, the "electronic" cash doesn't.  So if a loan is paid off with electronic "cash" from another bank, the collateral is reduced, limiting ELA availability.
The exception for loans being paid in cash is that cash is coming in to the system.  So you lose some ELA collateral, but you have the equal amount of physical cash, so you are neutral.
@_date: 2017-04-02 03:12:16
But they will put the burden on you if they have the records.  10 bitcoin comes into coinbase - justify that it is an transfer from another wallet you control, or they will deem it income.  
Send bitcoin from coinbase to an external address - prove you still control that address or they will deem it a disposition and tax you on capital gains.
Buy and sell within the coinbase system, it will be even more obvious.
 
@_date: 2016-02-02 22:56:54
They can't comment on the ETF as they are in a "quiet period" with the SEC.
The ETF would be listed on the NASDAQ in the US.  However, depending on what country you live in, your local broker may be able to buy NASDAQ shares on your behalf.
@_date: 2017-04-14 23:19:38
Stop!... Or I'll say Stop! again.
@_date: 2016-02-17 22:32:54
I'm not following this.   You seem to be implying there is some state in between unredeemed balances, and redeemed amounts, but I see nothing in Based on Amazon's 10K to support that.
As quoted above, the unredeemed amounts are on the balance sheet, and once redeemed, revenue is recognized and the balance sheet liability is removed.  There is no in-between.  And if there was, that liability would be over $10b, and would definitely be reflected on their balance sheet and discussed in the financial statements.
And the 2015 10K is out, and shows the unredeemed amount at 2015.    Sear
@_date: 2016-09-10 13:31:31


Huh? He specifically addresses the ETH / ETC split, using it as an example where immutability was undone, although noting some "purists" continue to use the original chain.
So Ethereum Foundation should be happy that they have Accenture's support!
@_date: 2016-09-02 10:47:40


@_date: 2016-09-08 13:38:42
It wouldn't have gone to waste if the roommate had told the parents their dead son might have had some assets they were unaware of, and he'd be happy to help them find it.  Could have even asked for a small finder's fee for helping them out.  The roommate is a scumbag.
@_date: 2015-07-11 19:17:50
Not sure what your point is compared to your prior points.  And in some cases, voting rights are meaningless (Google A shares).
And GBTC shares have voting rights: 


Sponsor by the affirmative vote of a 75% of the outstanding Shares. The owners of 75% of the
outstanding Shares may also compel dissolution of the Trust.  
And if someone wanted to acquire all of GBTC, they'd have to buy the GBTC shares.
@_date: 2016-09-08 13:34:49
Circumstantial evidence is still evidence.  
* The computer was in storage and unused except when his former roommate asked to borrow it to get old rental documents.  
* The bitcoin moved at the same time the roommate borrowed the computer
* Shortly thereafter, the roommate seems to have come in to some money based on facebook.
I would think that is enough to start an investigation.  In discovery, you then demand bank records, and trace where the money came from.  If he used an exchange, should be fairly easy to show whether the source of any sold bitcoin came from his brothers account, during the period the roommate borrowed the computer.  That would be pretty convincing circumstantial evidence!
@_date: 2016-09-08 18:53:25
Not all bosses own the company they work for...
@_date: 2018-03-03 14:37:34
People are dumb. 
Demand discovery for personal emails and financial records for all employees of Coinbase who were given early notice of bitcoin cash.  Some dummy will not have been private enough. Said dummy may even squeal and tell how other dummys profited more anonymously. 
Gum shoe detective work still works in crypto.  
@_date: 2019-01-19 05:55:29
Pretty incoherent tweet storm and article. But I will make two points:
1- SEC is a federal agency enforcing federal law. States have nothing to do with their authority or regulations. 
2- in most cases, “introducing” a bill is meaningless. Any junior rep could draft and introduce random bills with no support, and they go nowhere. 
Complete garbage. 
@_date: 2018-03-27 00:39:06
It was a factor in the “kingpin” sentencing. 
Ironically, he was mostly likely scammed, and no one was killed. But he still paid for it. 
@_date: 2018-03-07 22:57:29
Agreed. The trustee has accomplished his main mission, dealing with the uncontested claims, and from a Japanese law perspective, he did great - full recovery based on the fixed yen rate from some time ago. 
So now I think there is much less pressure to sell anymore. The litigation claims are contingent, and the question of how to deal with the excess is not as pressing, and many of the parties with an interest in those are not clamoring for yen. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 18:57:37
Interesting, the Zerohedge article notes:
Among the companies at the forefront of this move is DRW Holdings LLC, a high-frequency trading firm in Chicago founded by former options-pit trader Donald Wilson in 1992. DRW is a founding investor in a new bitcoin financial-services firm called Digital Asset Holdings that launched last month. Cumberland Mining &amp; Materials LLC, a DRW subsidiary, has “begun to experiment with cryptocurrency trading,” DRW said."
Cumberland Mining was linked to a purchase of 27,000 of the last Silk Road auction:  
@_date: 2015-04-02 12:17:15
Prosecution was allowed to talk about Ulbricht's other murder for hire, not the SA Force one.  
@_date: 2015-04-28 19:27:17
That makes sense for smaller orders, but not this amount.  With this amount, you could purchase directly from SecondMarket and put those shares in an IRA.  Although those shares would not be freely traded on the market, you can still redeem them through Second Market.
@_date: 2015-09-25 13:09:56
No they aren't:  
@_date: 2015-04-27 18:47:14
It doesn't look like an individual would be the one with control over the token:
"Digital securities will be issued, available for purchase and traded exclusively on a specific trading system that is registered with the SEC as an alternative trading system, or ATS. With respect to the digital securities traded on an ATS, the system will be closed so that only certain subscribers to the ATS may buy and sell the digital securities."
Currently when you trade a share in the States, DTC processes the transaction and maintains the record of who owns what shares.  Its done electronically.  So it looks like this is just changing from DTC's completely centralized approach, to one that is still controlled by a centralized entity, but where the actual records are stored through a decentralized service.
I think the appeal for Byrne is (i) could be cheaper than DTC and (ii) the records will be publicly available.  Byrne has been complaining for years that the current system can be abused by "naked shorts", i.e. people shorting shares they haven't borrowed.  Note the last sentence in this other excerpt:
"The distributed ledger used to record transfers of ownership of our digital securities will be available to the public and stores the complete trading history from inception of the issuance of the digital securities. The digital securities are represented by ledger balances and secured by cryptographic key pairs and only the public-key-derived wallet address is exposed to the public on the distributed ledger. The personal identity information necessary to associate a public key representing a given block of digital securities with the owner of those securities will be maintained in a proprietary ledger system that is not exposed to the public. As such, robust and transparent trading data, other than holder identity, with respect to our digital securities will be publicly available. **This may make it more difficult for holders to execute certain trading strategies**."
@_date: 2015-04-02 16:55:47
SA Force was Nob, who claimed to procure the murder of Curtis Green, who was in fact under arrest.  This sequence of events was not part of the NY trial.  
FreindlyChemist / Redandwhite was a different murder for hire attempt that was brought up in the trial. 
@_date: 2018-04-19 12:45:20
Ever heard of patent licenses?
@_date: 2016-10-13 18:50:27
It is definitely an interesting idea!
However, I think the more likely approach the trust will take is going to involve more discretion.  They will probably add language to take into account what happened with Ethereum, and note that there is the risk of a fork where both chains have value.  In that case, I would think they would designate the board / managers discretion to decide whether to maintain both forks, or choose to only maintain one, and liquidate the other and use those funds to purchase more on their preferred chain.
It is similar to how different exchanges treated the eth fork.  Poloniex let traders hold and trade both forks.  Coinbase decided only to support the DAO fork, but let holders pull out their ETC.  Here, since investors are in the fund because they don't want to deal with bitcoin itself, a distribution in kind would not be practical.
A traditional poison pill can be more draconian on triggering effects and outcomes because they are just a negotiation tool.  They have almost never been triggered, instead, they just give the board a little more leverage to negotiate with a hostile party.  
If the ETF wants to, it can certainly signal its intentions on which fork it will support to sway the debate.  But once the debate is over and a fork occurs, I doubt it is in its best interests to be subject to a strict liquidation schedule.  it is probably better to monitor the two chains, and decide whether selling one of them - on their own, confidential schedule - makes sense or not.
@_date: 2015-09-11 17:49:49
Amongst other things, he actively coached a client by email on how to circumvent the compliance rules he was in charge of enforcing, as "Chief Compliance Officer."
He even kept a spreadsheet of the total amounts actually purchased by Faiella (vs the independent accounts) for purposes of volume discounts!
You can debate whether AML rules are just.  But Charlie was in no way tripped up.  He was willfully violating rules he was aware of.
@_date: 2016-10-13 18:11:17
It was a serious question, I thought you were using monopoly in the more traditional legal / business sense.
But now I understand you are not really focused on what they have done with regard to the DPL, but instead are turning this into a small / big block / blockstream = evil debate, to which I don't think I can add anything that hasn't already been said.
And I always wonder, for those who thnk Blockstream has too many core developers, why they don't criticize big block supporting company's for not doing more with regard to core development, by hiring core developers or otherwise?  Why doesn't Coinbase hire big block supporting core developers, how many commits have their employees made?
I still don't understand your other response.  
@_date: 2016-10-13 17:37:24


Over what business do Peter Todd or Blockstream have a "defacto monopoly?"  And they do lose something, the ability to further enforce patents against competitors who don't join the DPL.
And from your earlier post:


Then they are free to try and patent their technology, but they will face the risk of patents asserted against them by participants in the DPL.
@_date: 2015-11-07 16:05:15
Their Belize corporate name is located here.  It is a Belize corporation with no address, but also lists a US entity, Project Investors Inc, as the one "managing" the Belize entity.  
It may be hard to get information about a Belize company:  
However, the US "managing" entity address seems to be correct, as a search for that entity in the Florida corporation register shows the same address.  That search will also give you the name of the registered agent.  
So I see no reason your counsel couldn't just correspond with the managing US entity and / or their registered agent. To start with, an over-nighted letter from a real law firm might get you more attention.  Thereafter, if they don't give you information on what entity is the right one to sue, you have enough information to sue the managing company in the US, and could easily name the Belize entity as well, noting you have less information on their address / executives.  
Sort of surprised your counsel hasn't taken the time to check their website for this.
Still, if their claim is they have changed verification processes, ie requiring new information that they didn't previously require for the higher approval levels, I doubt your claim would be successful.  I don't think the fact that their rules were more lax when you signed up and deposited funds creates any contractual right to maintain those rules in the future, if they decide additional factors need to be taken into account for KYC / AML purposes.
Not saying all this isn't cover up for GOX type issues.  But if they are asking you to comply with additional KYC / AML rules, I think you are probably stuck, and might as well comply with those rules.
@_date: 2018-04-23 20:09:29
Exactly. And as a banker, yes I **was** trained to learn all key models using a HP calculator, so we didn’t rely just on excel models, to help ensure we understood fundamentals.  
@_date: 2016-10-07 13:04:49
Looks like him from this post-prison photo.  Most of the other pictures are him from more happy times.  Prison fucks you up pretty quickly.
From this article:
@_date: 2015-11-05 18:40:10
I was just thinking the same thing, so searched to see if anyone else had the same thought.
And beyond the general Guy Fawkes / anarchist / anonymous reference, Nov 5th, 2013 was also the day Silk Road 2.0 was launched, so it could be a more direct taunting of dark net markets.  
And Blake Benthall, founder of SR2.0, was also arrested on Nov 5, 2014.   (PR dated 10/6/14, but notes in text he was arrested "yesterday.")  
And the FBI does have a sense of humour.  When they transferred the funds out of Ross' wallet, they did it in a bunch of transactions of 324 coint.  FBI = 324 when typed on to a phone pad.  
@_date: 2015-11-20 18:00:53
I agree, it seems like a novelty to me, although I have nothing against it.
Even if you have lots of bitcoin, it makes more sense to use the best credit card you can find, and then settle up on a monthly basis by selling the bitcoin to pay off the balance before interest accrues.
You get better rewards from the credit card, and the tax accounting of a single monthly transaction is much easier to track / report.
And it's not like the vendor even knows you are using bitcoin, so it doesn't really help promote bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-11-05 18:43:12
Interesting that Marshall selected 5th of November for the date of the last Silk Road coin sale:
- General Guy Fawkes / anarchist / anonymous reference
- Nov 5th, 2013 was also the day Silk Road 2.0 was launched, so it could be a more direct taunting of dark net markets. 
- Blake Benthall, founder of SR2.0, was arrested on Nov 5, 2014. (PR dated 10/6/14, but notes in text he was arrested "yesterday.") 
- And the FBI does have a sense of humour. When they transferred the funds out of Ross' wallet, they did it in a bunch of transactions of 324 coint. FBI = 324 when typed on to a phone pad. 
@_date: 2015-11-04 20:28:04
Lots of wars have been funded by gold and / or gold standard based currencies...
@_date: 2015-11-01 02:34:29
Albeit small, and very hip, boiler rooms.
@_date: 2016-10-13 19:01:51
I'm not entirely convinced that Blockstream doesn't have some elements of its business that could benefit from patents, but so be it.
Regardless, even if it is mostly hype (not saying I agree), there may well be some companies who will take comfort joining the DPL, and giving up their ability to assert their patents against other pool members.
Those who want the ability to assert their patents, won't.  And since Blockstream has also committed to not enforcing its patents offensively, I'm not really sure what they are giving up not joining the DPL.
So even if hype, it seems pretty harmless hype.
@_date: 2015-11-02 18:07:44
I wasn't saying he was right about this, just that he acknowledged upfront your point that the miners are currently voting for core.
And here is a post that argues he is misstating miners' view on BIP 101.  
@_date: 2015-11-07 16:33:42
So is the issue with the "verification levels" that they are claiming a hard cap on withdrawals regardless of verification level?  
If so, are you above that?
@_date: 2015-03-03 22:42:18
Right, but in the situation you are describing, the buyer would be willing to pay a higher fee.  A fee is something you pay on top of the bitcoin you are purchasing, regardless of exchange rate.  A positive fee is a cost to the buyer.
I.e. coinbase fee is 1% for a purchase.  If a customer wants to buy $100 of bitcoin, they would pay $101.  
So it makes sense that Ukraine fees, given the deflationary pressure, would be higher, which Michael indicates via the 12-15% high end rance.  Meaning if you want to buy 100 hrivna of bitcoin, you actually pay 112 or 115.
But a negative fee seems to mean that you would less than 100.
The only scenario I can see is that some people would quote highly inflated exchange rates, and then give some sort of a negative fee concession to offset that.  
@_date: 2015-11-04 23:08:02
Uh, war bonds?  
Lots of wars have been funded with gold / silver based currencies, or currencies backed by gold.
@_date: 2017-05-11 02:15:47
Maybe because the mods realized that those policies were overly restrictive and are less dogmatic than before?  
@_date: 2015-11-20 17:43:53
Brokers track your tax liabilities for stocks, etc.  Personally, I find it convenient.
@_date: 2015-11-02 15:26:58
Read the piece, that is exactly what he means:
"About 60% of the hash power is currently voting for BIP 100. Whilst I understand why miners like the idea, here’s the current status:
*  BIP 100 is not implemented.
* Jeff has not been working on it. He has been working on different projects (a little virtual machine called Moxiebox and also changing database layers). 
 BIP 100 is “in the queue”.
* Even if someone does implement it, the code won’t be accepted into Core: the two Bitcoin Core maintainers who have the final say have not stated any support for it, and they don’t seem to believe in miner voting anyway."
And then later:
"In talking with miners and companies, one thing I’m hearing repeatedly is “we will wait for the second conference in December. If there’s no progress by then, we’ll switch to BIP 101”."
@_date: 2015-11-04 23:03:32
And he sold them by mail without checking age.
@_date: 2015-03-26 20:15:25
"Retail" as in small investors.  Not so much testing out how to bid, but testing if there is any demand, or just messing around since they know there are no asks yet.
The "u" after the broker name means it is an unsolicited order, not a market maker bid.  The only one without the U is Merriman, which is the advisor to the fund.  All the others could be anyone with a US brokerage account. 
@_date: 2017-05-06 03:21:07
OK, so, indirectly, the same issue?  Wells concerned about Taiwan Bitfinex bank's AML / KYC, puts pressure on that Bank to show appropriate procedures / diligence, Taiwan banks does diligence and finds a mess, demands an audit?
And by "a mess", I don't necessarily mean a fraud.   Lots of startups / small businesses have financial statements and procedures that are a mess and have to be cleaned up when they are bought, raise equity or otherwise move into the bigger leagues.
But it does seem this audit may be related to cleaning up their banking relationships, and given that audits take time, may mean it could be a while before regular USD transfers are restored.
@_date: 2015-03-03 19:37:50
Why would there be negative fees?
@_date: 2015-11-07 19:30:45
Does Tier 3 require more documentation than you have already provided?  
Seems like it could be a scam, or they could be struggling with increased AMC / KYC compliance based on the rumored SEC / Fincen / Homeland Security / state investigations.  From this link:  "Looking at the worst offenders in cryptocurrency and would be closing in further on our unofficial “top ten” list of which Cryptsy and Project Investors will find itself to be in the Top 5."  
Also, lots of discussion over on bitcointalk.  
@_date: 2015-11-20 17:43:37
They have a tax report option:  
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:42:09
The only thing the holder of Satoshi's keys can prove cryptographically is that it is the holder of those keys.  It does not prove identity.
This describes the issues with your statement much better than I could.
A key quote:  


@_date: 2016-05-23 17:21:03
That is not the issue, GBTC is not an ETN.
The issue is that GBTC did not do a registered offering, which requires SEC approval (or lack of disapproval).
GBTC sold shares directly only to accredited investors (an exception to the SEC approval process).  These investors are then allowed to sell those shares to other parties after holding for a year, as long as there is adequate public information, other conditions.  GBTC therefore got those shares listed on the OTC, all without ever getting any SEC approval.
The problem is that it is an ETF where the normal market balancing actions (creation and redemption of shares in exchange for the underlying asset) can't occur, as new purchases from the fund itself still require one year holding, and are limited to accredited investors.
@_date: 2015-11-05 19:09:15
Some other interesting things:
* Blake Benthall (Defcon of SR2.0) remains a ghost in government databases.  Nothing on Pacer since March, which was a 30 day continuance dated 12/22/14.   And nothing on   except an 11/21/14 release that appears due to transfer from CA to NY.  Presumably he must be cooperating with various agencies...
* according to reddit's darknetmarkets forum, various markets are either under attack or there are exit scams going on.
Maybe something else is planned for November 5th, 2015, after the Silk Road auction is finalized...
@_date: 2015-11-09 19:32:21
The other strange thing to remember is that we only know the Cumberland Mining address because they tweeted it in January, 2015, before the last auction.  
That is the only tweet made by that account, and there is no explanation of why it was made.  So it seems like they wanted to be found out
@_date: 2015-03-01 21:00:27
It looks like they don't pay board members, they pay people with operational functions, one of whom, Gavin, is also on the Board.
@_date: 2015-03-10 16:55:03
Weird, Cumberland Mining has only one tweet, which is that address, from January 8.  And that tweet gives no explanation of why they are posting that address.
So it seems like the reason for that tweet may have been to show, at a later date, that they were the winners of the auction?
And their web presence is pretty minimal as well.  
@_date: 2016-05-06 17:51:34
Craig doesn't have to win, the suit helps keep his scam alive.
Bitcoin foundation, by the way, is nearly broke and is all volunteer at the moment.
@_date: 2017-05-06 02:31:57
So it seem sreasonable to deduce that part of the Wells Fargo issue might be that when they tried to do some financial diligence on Bitfinex, they found a big mess?
@_date: 2015-03-12 12:21:47
He tweeted that address Jan 8 2015 as far as I can see.
And there was no context to that tweet, any other tweet by that account, or info on that account on google.
I think he tweeted it in order to be connected to the auction if he won.
@_date: 2015-03-05 02:39:06
After some more digging, yes, you are correct.
And I agree iit still is very concerning that Authy lets someone migrate to a new phone based on just email and phone number.  
Although I guess if you have that email protected by 2FA, you have less risk than you had. 
I guess the concern is that if they give you the option of a password, which they don't know or can change, to restore authy, they face customers who can never recover their authy accounts.  But from my perspective, that is preferable.  
@_date: 2017-05-04 21:11:37
One difference from your situation is that brokerages report trading gains to the IRS.  So the IRS has info from the broker, and info from your returns, and can compare.  So it is possible for a computer to catch the error.
But in his case, buying a house for $75k, I don't think any reports would be filed with the IRS on his account.  Buying a house is not a taxable event for the buyer.  It is also notable that realtors are exempt from many KYC requirements (they lobbied heavily, and also relied on the argument that since most people have mortgages, the lender will have the KYC obligations.)  But here, he just paid cash, so no lender.
I'm not endorsing his decision, by the way, and there are other ways he could get caught.  But it isn't as easy as your situation.
@_date: 2016-05-27 17:06:21
IRS is going to have fun with this.
@_date: 2016-05-02 01:54:47
Not similar at all.  The FTC rule is designed to prevent scams where companies send stuff for "free", but then try and collect against the recipient.
See this thread above for actual legal analysis related to similar facts. 
@_date: 2016-05-02 13:46:00
I posted this detailed analysis describing a likely motivation for Craig needing to "prove" he is Satoshi.
The short version is that he made fictional investments in a company by claiming to have transferred his personal "interest" in $29m of bitcoin to the target company.  (I.e. no blockchain transfer, just a legal document claiming to transfer that amount of bitcoin.)
He then claimed substantial ***cash*** R&amp;D credits from those transactions.  
Australian taxation office (ATO) began investigating.  He has paperwork showing the transactions, but knows that ATO might dig around and want to see verification that he truly owned $32m of bitcoin.  To cover that, he claims he put all his bitcoin in a trust, where the trustee was another early bitcoiner.  Unfortunately, that friend has now passed away, and the private keys are lost.
In order for the BS to be even vaguely plausible, he needs to show that he originally had access to $32m of bitcoin.  This is why he pretends to be Satoshi.
@_date: 2015-11-03 20:31:40
Selling or transferring bitcoin to a third party is a taxable event in the US.  
It doesn't matter that you are keeping it with Coinbase.  It's just like if you sell a stock and leave the money at your broker.
@_date: 2017-05-10 13:24:26
Timing can kill you though.  If you incurred lots of gains in one year, followed by losses in following years, you still owe taxes for the first year and may not be able to apply those losses retroactively.  So it may also force you to sell at a trough to cover past gains.
@_date: 2016-05-02 19:35:07
So for the Gavin "proof", could he have done something similar.
I.e. on his computer, he pretends to sign Gavin's message, but actually just outputs the 479f9 hash.
He then puts that on to a legitimately clean USB, and lets Gavin download electrum and verify the signature?
The piece I'm not clear on is whether what Gavin sees when he tries to validate the signature is a repeat of the phrase he gave him, or just a verification that the private key was used to hash whatever message was so encrypted.
If the latter, then the above approach would seem to work, and would not have required compromising the computer Gavin used.
@_date: 2015-03-10 16:20:44
I was thinking the same thing, but unless they actually funded before March 2, when the initial bid registration was due, couldn't be them.  
But it could have been one of the investors / backers who new the funding announcement was coming and anticipated a pump.
@_date: 2015-10-27 14:33:14
And then come up with a way to do it in seconds on a website...
And  is apparently a co-founder of blockstream...
@_date: 2015-10-05 19:16:56


How does this work?  I.e. how would the "fiat" portion of the trade be managed by OB?
@_date: 2015-10-19 00:59:47
The ETF currently owns zero bitcoin.  That is not how an ETF works.  If it was a fund that held assets that then sold shares to investors, it would be a closed-end fund, not an ETF.
Go here and Ctrl-F "Bitcoin Inventory"
@_date: 2015-10-17 02:42:24
Agreed.  And in cases like divorce or other situations where there is going to be discovery of traditional financial assets, the off-ramp is just important.
If you are going through divorce, and you have large outflows from your bank / investment accounts that you can't explain, it will look very much like you are trying to hide assets.  And when you try and hide assets, it can backfire tremendously.  
@_date: 2015-10-28 23:15:32
Thank you for this.
Plus, it isn't even that common.  Here are the top google news searches for Mark Karpeles.  Only one uses "Bitcoin CEO" in headline, and it is meant exactly as you note.  And in the text, they acknowledge him as "The head of collapsed bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox."
@_date: 2015-11-04 20:37:50
How does bitcoin prevent a government "extorting wealth" from its population?
Relevant XKCD:  
Or just catch them by surprise, like with Ross Ulbricht.
Or, for most people, just tell them that if they don't pay taxes based on bitcoin (as with other assets / income), they will face penalties and eventually jail.  That is how the vast, vast majority of taxes are collected.
@_date: 2015-03-05 01:43:53


Sorry for your loss.  
I don't understand the quoted section above.  You seem to be implying that Authy will backup up "GA" codes, which seems to be Google Authenticator.  I don't see this option in Authy, perhaps you are confused since Authy call its backup feature "Authenticator Backups", but I don't think those refer to Google Authenticator, but to Authy.
However, that aside, it does look like Authy may allows you to move to a new phone based on just email and knowledge of the number, and that the backup code is not needed in that case.  (Although they do note they may require some additional verification in some cases).
This seems like a huge weakness with Authy.
@_date: 2015-03-01 01:31:23
Crunchbase is not comprehensive.  It still has a silicon valley / tech focus for startup investments, and hasn't been around that long, in the big picture.
So it is very possible that NYSE has invested in financial oriented startups that aren't tracked by crunchbase, or even technology oriented companies pre crunchbase.
@_date: 2016-05-09 18:49:45
The issue is whether the United States of America can default on United States of America incurred debt due to its ability to print money.
Individual states, cities, municipalities and now Puerto Rico have definitely defaulted on their debt in the past, and may again in the future.  That debt is not United States debt.
PS - technically, the US has defaulted on its debt in the past: 
@_date: 2016-05-06 17:23:46
You can also sue for injunctive relief in the US at least.
Regardless, we know Craig plays hardball.  If someone leaked information that was subject to NDA, and it makes it harder for Craig to try and raise money, he could very well sue.
Even if the defense is that Craig was a scammer, Craig has proven he is more than willing to argue that he isn't, and take his chances.
Even if you win, your tied up in distracting and costly litigation.
@_date: 2015-10-19 03:07:33
That document is the second to last filing on Edgar.  I.e. the most recent prospectus with detailed information about the trust.
There have not been three formal revisions to the document I linked.  It is the most recent full filing.
The only more recent document is a "Free Riding prospectus" filing dated 2015-1-30.  That is a filing that contains other information (than a full SEC prospectus) to avoid implications that the the filing parties are promoting.  
Show me any link that shows what you state.
@_date: 2016-05-02 01:50:00
Looks lke the case cited by bk15dcx supports your approach. Part of the reasoning of that court was that just selling the property "as is" was not enough.  If they had been more explicit that they were selling everything in the house, known or unknown, it might have been sufficient:


the existence or presence of the concealed
valuable, and the contract was not broad
enough to indicate an intent to convey all
the contents, known or unknown, the courts
have generally held that as between the
owner and purchaser, title to the hidden
article did not pass by the sale.
But the court also gives an example where a safe was sold at an estate auction, and the auctioneer did not have a key.  In that example, the court:


examining each party’s outward manifestations of intent,
determined “that the parties mutually assented to enter into
that sale of the safe and the contents of the locked
So yeah, that court would probably find, today, that selling a computer does not include hidden crypto.  But if it became more established, selling a computer without fully scrubbing it might be held to be like selling a safe without opening it.
@_date: 2016-05-02 01:58:39
Threaten to report you to relevant tax authorities for trying to avoid taxes / conceal funds?  
(Not saying OP did anything inappropriate, just saying that could be the scammers angle.)
@_date: 2015-03-13 15:23:34
I have also wondered about the money laundering issues, and think its crazy that Charlie agreed to this service given his legal situation.
But, in the last couple of threads Charlie posted, he notes that has paid 70% of his "debt", so he's already dealt with the money laundering issues.  
And it doesn't matter if that was paid in cash or bitcoin.  Mike Caldwell only sold Casascius for bitcoin, not for cash.  But his lawyers advised him even that could be considered money laundering as he would not have any evidence that the source of the bitcoins used to purchase the coins, and the recipient of the coins, was the same.
Finally, in that last post from Charlie, he says the coins have either been sold or are out for appraisal.  That means he either received the funds that should have been paid to Bracek, or hadn't sold the coins, and could have returned them (with absolutely no money laundering issues).
And in the current thread, Charlie is asking for money and books, seems to indicate he is short on funds.
So the only reasonable conclusion is Charlie can't pay Bracek because he doesn't have the money, or needs his money for other things that he thinks are more important.  Which in most people's book would make him a scammer.
@_date: 2015-10-17 02:58:11
I've read about the issues you discuss.  It is also a problem in the US.
And interestingly, in the US, part of the problem is because real estate brokers were successful in lobbying to be excluded from the same FINCEN "Know your customer" Anti-money laundering laws that many people know are a challenge for bitcoin companies.  See here: 
@_date: 2015-03-26 19:58:44
Bid reached 200 GBTC / 2000 bitcoin, but by the time I captured it, it was dropped to 199.5.
I think this proves that none of the 12 month holders have gotten their shares into brokerages yet, and its just retail investors messing around with high bids / low volume to test things out.
@_date: 2016-05-25 19:50:26
**EDIT**  - from the actual PDF report and not the article, 45,609,593,503 JPY were approved, or about $417m dollars.  So potential recovery of 21 cents on the dollar.  Scroll down to see the English notes.  
From the link posted:




Clearly, many of those claims must be invalid, but I didn't see anything in that article / release that said what the approved claims were.  And, it seems like there may be an appeal process:


@_date: 2015-03-16 00:38:46
Treasury definitely does not have free reign at a well managed company.
They will typically have approved assets they can invest in, as well as allocation ranges.  Investments outside those asset classes would be a serious governance breach.  Permitted investments would be approved by the audit committee and / or the full board.
For many companies, even public equities would be outside the parameters of what they could invest in, as they are usually looking for more conservative assets that preserve principal, earn a modest return.
The bitcoin investment by Overstock is not an act of whim by a treasury department, instead, it is a higher level decision to retain some of the bitcoin received by Overstock in transactions, as part of their broader interest in cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:56:16


What evidence do you have that account verification was not occurring on these accounts?  Otherwise, I see no reason why one or more investors would open bulk accounts in advance, vs over time as they had additional funds to invest.
@_date: 2015-02-27 01:37:14
Actually, BitInstant was even worse.   They had AML policies, and had a chief compliance officer in Charlie Shrem.  Then, that chief compliance officer knowing aide Faiella in structuring payments to avoid triggering those policies.
And he even kept a spreadsheet showing how much Faiella had actually transacted, which was way above their reporting guidelines.
@_date: 2015-02-04 23:17:49
I don't know enough about how long you can keep an arrest quiet, so I withdraw that.
But they were eager to catch DPR and shut down silk road.  There was political pressure, and internal pressure from the feds.  In fact, Dratel brought it up at some point in the trial, to point out that they were over-eager in arresting someone.  But I can't remember when, I've read too many transcripts.
Also, they knew that admin were small fry, and unless a vendor was stupid and had bad security, they wouldn't share personal info with Ross.  
@_date: 2015-02-05 22:27:05
This article does a great job of explaining how many of these apparantly "unfair" factors were largely due to strategic choices made by Dratel.
@_date: 2015-10-22 14:48:20
Companies used to be forced to go public, which is costly, requires the sharing of lots of potentially sensitive data, and imposes lots of regulatory burdens and costs, when they had more than 500 shareholders.  Shareholders included employees.
Some companies don't see the benefit of being public.  Or, think it should wait until they are larger and can better handle the costs.  In the meantime, they want to be able to raise money from outside investors who are comfortable investing in a private company, and giving equity incentives to their employees.
JOBS act raised the threshold to 2000 shareholders, and excludes employees in that number.
@_date: 2015-02-16 04:02:36
In substance, I didn't focus on you, the mistakes I pointed out apply to any board member applicant. 
I did call you out specifically, because you are a bit annoying.
@_date: 2017-07-05 20:42:58
I am someone who was taught to put two spaces after a period.  It is instinctual at this point.  So even though I understand it is no longer the norm in modern typography, I just do it, whatever the device.
I think that is the point was making.
EDIT - Interesting.  Although I typed two spaces after the periods above, and I see two spaces in the edit window, Reddit seems to ditch one of the periods when displaying.  So maybe that happens in other forum software too...
@_date: 2016-05-06 13:23:12
This certainly makes it look like JVP is involved.  And it provides a story for why Craig couldn't pull off the public reveal - it might be deemed tampering with the trust.


“The Tulip Trading Trust trustee, appointed by Dave Kleiman as of Oct 12nd 2012. It has been rumored that Craig Wright will need to access Tulip Trading Trust assets. Trustee acts in the interest of the beneficiary alone and must defend against undue influence by others. In order to authorize movements of trust assets the beneficiary must come forward and make a direct request of the trustee our way–NOT via 3rd party nor any intermediaries. Any coin movement affecting the trust asset without prior authorization will be considered a trust violation and invalid irrespective of any claim of constructive bailment. The Trust alone has control over its assets. Tampering or manipulating with trust assets by anyone (including the beneficiary) might have material legal and tax implications. Beneficiaries are invited to a conference call 12:00 UTC Friday to discuss interests. Principals only.”
@_date: 2017-05-04 22:39:20
Property taxes are just local in the US, so again, nothing to IRS.
And I've never seen property tax payments that specify whether you have a mortgage.
And municipality doesn't usually have income records, since that is usually federal and state.  Nor do they really have an incentive to report things, since they are happy to get their property taxes.
As for the bank, yes, if he deposited all that money in a bank, and depending how, it could trigger them to file suspicious activity reports, but again, not an automatic notice to the IRS.
But, $75k, you could definitely pay that in cash.  Might raise some eyebrows, but both the seller and the broker are going to be happy with an all-cash deal, and neither has any incentive or legal obligation to report suspicious activity, so why would they?
There is a reason why Fincen has pilot programs in NY and Miami requiring certain disclosures for  high value "all cash" real estate transactions, and that same reason is why a $75k all cash deal in Kansas could very well fly under the radar.  
Again, not advising anyone to do this!  I pay taxes on my bitcoin gains!
@_date: 2015-02-09 20:04:44
I agree it was unlikely to be successful.  But I can see no other explanation for why they would not have made the ownership declaration to fight the 4th amdt issue, which was back in October.
Also, while Dratel would have had general access to the evidence at the time of the 4th amdt decision, they wouldn't have it in the final form as presented to the jury, with the narrative.  So they would not have known how well the gov't would tie together things that were in DPR logs versus things that tied to Ross's real identity (vactions, dating, etc.)
And, at that time, they didn't know they'd be precluded from discussing Ross's "ideologies", they didn't know the gov't witness lists, and Dratel seemed to think he would be getting broader flexibility on what the Court said in "the Government’s witnesses as their own".  "Dratel argued that other courts had, in other trials, allowed him to extend the scope in the manner he was 
attempting here to do."  Page 4 here 
Also, from the diary and other evidence, it does seem pretty clear that Ross got caught up in delusions of grandeur.  He'd hidden the truth from friends and family for years.  He appeared as a clean-cut, idealistic white kid.  If Dratel had managed to get a little more traction on the possibility of hacking with the gov't experts, a little more on the alternative suspects, maybe he thought he had a chance of cementing that "reasonable doubt" with his testimony.
@_date: 2015-10-05 15:54:41
Could you expand on the advantages of being a fiduciary?
I don't believe just having a Bitlicense precludes a company from having institutional customers.  It does seem that being a fiduciary may let you provide additional services, but I'm not sure what they are, or how relevant they are for bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-31 17:52:38
Agree with bitcoin1989 on this.  However, another wild card is if the KYC has been tightened up such that customers expect their BTC / ETH / Litecoin are going to be tracked and / or reported, it may limit their interest in crypto as a way to evade currency control.
@_date: 2015-02-04 01:20:57
Interesting question.  Prosecutors apparantly admitted in closing that they thought DPR had been "catfished" re the killings - ie he was scammed to make it look like someone was taken out, when no one was.
I guess you could still have conspiracy to commit murder even if there was no actual murder, but if he gets a long sentence on this case, they may drop it given the expense.
@_date: 2015-02-07 01:32:20
They did.  Maybe your drinking is affecting your reading comprehension ;-)
"“I need a six pack of beer”, another successful micro-crowdfund. Whilst this sort of project might seem pointless, tipping people the cost of a beer is a frequent way to show appreciation in the Bitcoin community. It’s hard to know whether combining this with crowdfunding will lead anywhere, but it’s nice to see people experiment!"
@_date: 2015-02-04 22:35:07
Ross kept copies of admin IDs on his computer.  It was part of the trial.  
I think the simplest answer is twofold:
1 - DPR was the guy they wanted in this case - more than the vendors.  The site had been a public embarassment to law enforcement for quite a while.
2 - In the US, you can't secretly arrest someone.  A court might keep an indictment under seal for a limited time, but not for weeks or months.
@_date: 2015-10-17 02:50:39
To some extent, Essexal is correct.  Most exchanges and the coinbases of the world process transactions off chain.
So people can happily start accumulating on an exchange, with many smaller transactions.  If and when they are comfortable to move to their own wallet, or a paper wallet, they can move all or a portion of those acquired bitcoin in a single transaction.
But yes, at some point, bitcoin has volume constraints, which are being worked on.
@_date: 2015-03-08 15:09:55
He had files on his laptop containing copies of all his passwords.  He relied entirely on his full drive encryption for protection, once they had that, it was game over.
@_date: 2015-02-04 00:29:04
Dratel would have had the diary for months.
And as for the server, there is no appeal, since Ross refused to claim an ownership interest, which is necessary to get 4th amdt protection.
And as the article notes, if he had claimed ownership for purposes of 4th amdt, that would not have been admitted as evidence, unless Ross took the stand... And Ross did not take the stand.
It is all very weird.
@_date: 2015-02-16 01:26:14
You are running for a board seat in the Bitcoin Foundation, and you don't have time to read their emails just because you are at a conference?
Well, I guess this shows the difference between a stock broker and an i-banker or private equity dude.  If the latter claimed a conference as an excuse for not paying attention to important business, they'd be canned in a second.  
@_date: 2016-05-02 19:20:33
So for the Gavin "proof", could he have done something similar.
I.e. on his computer, he pretends to sign Gavin's message, but actually just outputs the 479f9 hash.
He then puts that on to a legitimately clean USB, and lets Gavin download electrum and verify the signature?
The piece I'm not clear on is whether what Gavin sees when he tries to validate the signature is a repeat of the phrase he gave him, or just a verification that the private key was used to hash whatever message was so encrypted.
@_date: 2015-02-04 22:00:59
No, he can't.  He refused to admit an ownership at the time necessary to invoke 4th amdt rights.  The judge ruled on that basis, and any appeal would be  on that basis.  You can't appeal based on your own strategy.
The fact that he later admits ownership won't change that.  Think about it - if you could, any defandant in a similar situation would give it a shot and then change their mind and try the other way.
Anyway, he didn't admit it was his property at the time he seized it.  His position was that he started it, but sold it. 
@_date: 2015-02-16 01:20:08
In blog post titled "Elections Update" from Dec. 19, 2014, there is a section titled "Expectations for a member of the board include:".
The first item is: "Review and abide by the by laws. The bylaws are the basis for the organizational structure of the Foundation, and all board members must be well versed in their details and impacts on Foundation business."
The requirement to be an "active member" to vote was set forth in a bylaw amendment dated Nov 26, 2014.  
Further ITT: Bruce Fenton butt-hurt because he failed to read the bylaws of a board he sought to join.
And, FWIW, I let my membership in the bitcoin foundation lapse after a year of membership, and am not impressed by it.  But, if you are trying to agitate for change in an organization, via board election or otherwise, you pay attention to the bylaws, certificate and other organizational documents.  This is a rookie mistake by Bruce and the other candidates who missed it, and may be indicative of whether they were the right candidates to try and reform the foundation.
TLDR: Candidates wanting to reform foundation failed to read foundations's organizational documents.
@_date: 2016-07-11 20:38:08
Looks like they might, but again, this is outside my general SEC experience:


(I) notice of the grounds for disapproval under consideration; and
(II) opportunity for hearing, to be concluded not later than 180 days after the date of publication of notice of the filing of the proposed rule change.
And they may also have to give reasons for extending the extra 45 days:


(I) the Commission determines that a longer period is appropriate and publishes the reasons for such determination; or
(II) the self-regulatory organization that filed the proposed rule change consents to the longer period.
But they most likely just ask the SRO to agree to (II), and the SRO says yes.
@_date: 2015-03-02 20:35:40
I tried to enter a bid and got:  "We are unable to process your order at the current time because there is no last trade price available for the security. "
@_date: 2016-07-12 16:40:47
ETFs aren't like regular IPOs.  The proposed maximum amount to be raised is just used for paying fees.  The documents then describe what the initial purchaser has committed to, this is the more relevant number for the "initial" size of the fund.  Thereafter, it is up to the Authorized Participants to buy and redeem baskets of bitcoin for shares, or vice versa, to provide liquidity depending on market demand.
In both funds' initial filings, they left the size of the initial purchase blank.  It is only in the latest filing that the Winklevoss Trust put an estimate of the initial purchase size of 10,000 bitcoin, or around $6.7m.
@_date: 2017-05-10 16:33:57
For personal taxes, yes, you can "carryforward" your losses many years.  $3,000 per year can offset income, but all of the losses can offset future capital gains.
But you can not "carryback" and apply to prior years.  You can in some cases for corporations.
@_date: 2015-10-22 17:42:16
Found this, seems like ABRA must cover deposit volatility risk for 3 days:


@_date: 2016-05-06 17:19:21
Agreed, Fenton is not comparing similar scams.  There have been many bitcoin ponzi schemes that went bust the way most non-bitcoin ones do as well - inability to keep making payments.
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:59:56
Thanks for that answer.
Leah really should be ashamed of herself.
@_date: 2015-02-06 02:10:25
Agreed, he has a great handle on the legal issues for a non-lawyer.   And given his network security expertise, he has been on top of the technical issues as well.  He actually did an analysis linking silk road and Ross bitcoin payments before the government did.
He just posted another piece on the appeal issues:
@_date: 2016-05-05 15:31:09
They did in this article.  
Direct link to trust:  
@_date: 2016-07-11 20:03:32
I am not sure, but I think this may be a technicality as it relates to BATS.
I.e. BATS is seeking to amend its rules to permit trading in this new Commodity-Based Trust Shares.  This is governed by various regulations related to Self-Regulatory Organization Rulemaking generally, and commodity-based trust shares, particularly.
Self-Regulatory Organization’s Statement of the Terms of Substance of the Proposed Rule Change - The Exchange filed a proposal to list and trade Winklevoss Bitcoin Shares (the “Shares”) issued by the Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust (the “Trust”) under BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4), CommodityBased Trust Shares.
I do not think permitting this amendment means the S-1 for the actual trust and its shares has been approved.  In fact, the document notes:


Form S-1 (the “Registration Statement”) under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”). The most recent amendment to the Registration Statement was filed on June 29, 2016 and the Registration Statement will be effective as of the date of any offer and sale pursuant to the Registration Statement.
So if it is approved, not a bad sign that the S-1 might one day be cleared, but I don't think it means the decision for S-1 is now within 90 days.
If this request isn't approved, probably a very bad sign for S-1 approval.
@_date: 2015-02-03 20:46:10
Did you read the link - its quite well written, and the writer is experienced in bitcoin and network security.
His main point is that the elements of the trial that appeared "unfair" to a layman were in most cases due to strange tactical decisions made by Ross and his legal team.
And having read a fair amount of the transcripts, I have to agree.
@_date: 2016-07-15 14:12:28
They got rid of reliance on winkdex in the latest amendment, or maybe an earlier one.
Regardless, it doesn't really matter.  Gemini or Itbit (per above comment) is just for the calculation of the daily NAV.  Any purchaser or seller of the shares, or authorized participants issuing and redeeming baskets, can base their investment decision on whatever index or other info they want, and that is what the market price will reflect if there is good liquidity.
@_date: 2015-02-03 22:03:59
Could well be.
But I think the theory that Ross was a difficult client could also be true.  Based on the diary - its mere existence as well as some of the comments - he clearly developed delusions of grandeur.
So Ross may have thought he could sway the jury.  As taking the jury is the only logical reason for not asserting ownership of the servers and attempting the 4th amdt defense.  
But to sway the jury, they first needed to set up at least some doubt whether he had handed off the site, or been hacked / framed, and could have earned the bitcoin trading.
When that failed, Dratel was probably left strongly advising them that taking the stand at this point would only make things worse.
@_date: 2016-05-25 16:28:45
So even after taking out the one claim for $2.3 trillion, there are still $32 billion of claims...  And $91m of assets.
@_date: 2016-07-28 13:56:31
Right after that "humbleness":


So implying the only reason he was wrong is those damn "bitcoin small blockers."  Doesn't feel that humble to me.
@_date: 2015-02-06 01:17:48
Correct, meant Dratel and / or Ross.  
My personal theory was that Ross convinced Dratel that he could win over the jury with the story that he had sold the site, and the bitcoin on his laptop was from speculation and mining,  with his technical knowledge and charisma.  
This is why they could not do the declaration that Ross had an ownership interest in the site at the time it was seized, for 4th amdt purposes, as that could be brought up if he testified.
It may also explain why they didn't bring in experts earlier.  Dratel may have thought Ross had sufficient knowledge that he could create reasonable doubt on the technical questions with his own testimony.
Then, when the trial went bad, including the quick analysis by the government linking a huge amount of Ross' bitcoin directly to the silkroad, Dratel lost confidence in Ross' judgment, and recommended against testifying.  Leaving them in the worst of both possible ways - no 4th amdt claim re server, and very little evidence in their favor in the trial.
@_date: 2016-07-12 16:30:48
And competition / endorsement from multiple exchanges - Winklevoss + BATS, Solidx + NYSE Arca.  And Winklevoss was previously working with Nasdaq.  So 3 major exchanges willing to support a bitcoin ETF.
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:19:29


Where are you getting that?  The SEC is huge.




If that 23 staff figure just relates to crypto-currencies, then I would consider that a large taskforce for that sector.
@_date: 2013-11-24 01:22:05
This really could be it.
NY times says 1,000 BTC transferred on March 20 (when transferred), equating to about $60,000.  Looking at data from site, that is consistent with the weighted average for the day:  
If I look at your bitcoin millionaire post, it was made May 13, and had a balance of $104,100.  Using May 13 2013 average price from same link of $117, I get to 889.7 BTC.
The difference between the two is 110BTC.  This would be $6,615 at the March 20 price, or $12,900 at the May price.  
If this guy was buying an insane amount of drugs, spending that amount between March 20 and May 13 seems plausible.
 
@_date: 2017-06-07 01:29:11
It is the other way around.  If based on your witholdings and estimated taxes you face a penalty for underpayment of estimates, they can automatically hit you with interest and penalties. 
This does not require an audit, by the way, they have all the info they need for the calculation on your return.  Turbotax and any tax professional will flag it for you, and if you don't pay, interest and penalties accrue.
@_date: 2017-06-16 12:56:50
Their terms of service say they can terminate if:


And they also require customers to acknowledge that:


So by their own terms, it is impossible for a customer to argue that a termination by them violates the terms of service.
@_date: 2013-11-07 04:23:34
Great reply, and I recognize your name from a techcrunch posting that led me to your site, and am planning to try some 7bucktees.  Best.
@_date: 2016-05-24 18:52:33
How would the price of oil be affected today if it was a certainty that half of the oil wells were to be shut down permanently at a defined time in the future?
And I'm not arguing that the bitcoin markets are efficient and have properly factored this in.  But it is the key question.
@_date: 2013-12-17 23:09:50
I did the version from this summer, really well done, although I confess I didn't finish the course...
@_date: 2015-02-04 22:26:56
Exactly, you have that right.
But you can only make a 4th amdt claim against property you own.  So if you want to assert that right, you need to claim ownership of the property by making a declaration to that effect.
And its not even as bad as that.  That declaration is not an admission of guilt, and can only be used in the case if the defendant takes the stand.  Otherwise, the right not to self-incriminate is protected.
So the only reason not to make that declaration was that Ross planned to testify...  And then he didn't.  Bizarre.
Read this excellent analysis that covers this and other strange tactical choices by Ross and his legal team.
@_date: 2013-09-26 16:19:53
His investor presentation is here:  
Page 9 has a summary of reasons to invest in BIT versus directly in Bitcoin.  An interesting one is that it means companies with audit requiremets.  And BIT's auditor is E&amp;Y.
I'm kind of digesting that fact... E&amp;Y, big three audit firm, is auditing a bitcoin fund.  I think that is significant.
@_date: 2013-10-25 01:50:38
I did, and received no reply, so I decided to see if shared my concerns about this.
@_date: 2013-11-21 16:16:59
Weren't you already told that posting personal information isn't permitted.  That blog has his name, address, even his friggin blood type!
@_date: 2013-11-21 14:54:52
Seems simple to me.  1. You didn't pay on time.  2.  You marked the payment as complete before you even INITIATED the second payment.  
Both of the above are standard policies listed in the FAQ, and I have not seen you say that your specific agreement with the seller included different terms:  
I'm surprised Reddit seems to be siding with the buyer on this.
@_date: 2013-11-21 14:16:03
If your agreement with the seller provided for payment within a set amount of time, and you did not comply, then buyer is at fault.
If your agreement did not include a timeframe by when payment needed to be received, then I think you are both at fault, it should have been more specific.  Interpreting "National Bank transfer" to mean next day is not necessarily reasonable, many types of bank transfers can occur within a day.
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:03:00
Capital is not free.  Even if you could get bank financing for something like this, it would easily be 10%+ (likely more for a startup).  So now you have to somehow make 10% on the face value of your deposits just to cover your debt costs, let alone make a return.
Given that someone like Coinbase charges 1% on fiat to BTC conversions, that model would simply not work if they had to maintain reserve capital equal to the deposits.
Many people rationally decided that someone like Coinbase will do a better job securing their bitcoin, including by placing most of the funds in cold storage.  Others who are comfortable do the cold storage themselves.
Eventually, someone may come up with some form of insurance.  But that will likely require several years of history on whether larger online wallet companies do experience loss / theft (actuarial history), and that there was a large enough pool of companies looking to buy it so they could diversify the risk.  Trying to get it now would probably also cost a fortune.
@_date: 2013-10-23 21:01:08
Techdirt is silly to say this has much to do with bitcoins anonymity.  Leaving aside the degree to which bitcoin itself is anonymous, NOONE can be dumb enough to think a bank transfer to Coinbase, who's sole business is bitcoin, is anonymous.
Beyond that, based on the question about whether the purchases were personal or for business, it could be the bank is looking at excuses for moving people into a business account and getting more fees.  Ie not a direct concern about bitcoin, but if they see a personal account that rarely does ACH transactions all of a sudden doing a bunch, they may be able to argue the account needs to be upgraded to a business account with additional fees, etc.
@_date: 2013-12-01 17:06:23
I don't really see it as negative, he ends with:  "Bitcoin, or something like it, will thrive until the authorities do better."
Do you think the authorities are going to do better?
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:39:40
Excellent post.
A slightly related thing I've been thinking about is that there are still no publicly traded bitcoin related companies (at least in established markets).  So when thinking about adoption patterns, we are still at a very early stage compared to other technology driven booms.
And a public bitcoin company could come sooner than in other booms, as the JOBS act only requires two years of audited financials for "Emerging Growth Companies" (less than $1b of sales).
Although a counter argument is that by virtue of the nature of bitcoin itself, it was always a "public" technology that anyone could invest in, so maybe the first IPO of a bitcoin related company will be less relevant.
@_date: 2013-12-17 00:37:19
Enjoyed your piece with Barry Silbert, keep up the good reporting.
@_date: 2013-11-21 15:32:53
From Localbitcoins faq: "After send in a trade request to the seller of bitcoins, you have a time window of 90 minutes to complete the payment (payment window duration may vary depending on the payment method)."  
If you did not clearly specify that payment would not be made within 90 minutes, then you didn't comply with that policy.  
In another post, you indicate that the first payment was made in the afternoon, and the second was made after midnight on the same day.  So its not a matter of missing the deadline by a few minutes, but hours.
And by marking the payment "complete" before it was (because your transaction exceeded your bank limit) you violated another policy.  Its not the seller's responsibility to understand your bank limits, it is yours.
And the fact the listed said "National bank transfer" is not enough to change that default policy in my view, as there are national bank transfers that can be done within 90 minutes.
It sounds to me like localbitcoins handled it properly, based on their state policies, regardless of whether the seller was obnoxious in his emails.
@_date: 2013-11-16 16:40:32
If you are in US, that means your taxes will be a pain.  Every time you sell a coin, you are realizing gain or income (tax law is unclear), which will need to be reported. 
@_date: 2013-07-01 23:25:24
This is a registration with the Securities and Exchange commission for an investment "trust."
The trust will sell shares.  It will then take the money resulting from that sale, keep a small amount for administrative costs, and invest the rest in actual bitcoin.  It claims it will keep the bitcoin very secure.
The trust doesn't do much else.  If you own shares, you can sell them to other people, or ask them to be redeemed in exchange for bitcoin.
This is not designed for small investors.  Initial shares are only being sold in baskets of 50,000 shares, and they expect one share to equal roughly .2 BTC, so each basket will comprise ~~100,000~~ 10,000 BTC.
~~It does not seem like they will be facilitating trading of individual shares, just the baskets.  In fact they note that if brokers "break" a basket to sell smaller lots of shares, it is the broker that would be deemed the underwriter, and thus has various security law obligations.  So it seems that for now, this is for institutions / wealthy.~~ See post below for correction on this.  
@_date: 2013-11-09 03:09:05
Looks like agreed at roughly 9:40 Eastern time, so in my opinion, deadline would be 9:40 Eastern time Monday, November 11.
And presumably mytwobitcents needs to pay 1 BTC promptly after the Mt. Gox reaches 385, prior to the above deadline.  And granitemouse would need to pay promptly after the deadline, if the price has not crossed.
And why don't you both post some virgin public addresses for funding, so we can all verify if and when the bet is paid off.
@_date: 2013-09-27 02:36:28
"Capital gains, no biggie".
Unless the IRS decides it is a currency, then its ordinary income, no biggie.  I don't know what exactly your IRS rep told you, but it isn't formal guidance as far as I know.  That said, its probably a reasonable and conservative thing to do in the meantime, and the approach I will take in my returns next year, but I don't think any formal guidance has been issued.
From the Winklevoss S-1:
"As indicated, there is no judicial or administrative authority discussing how Bitcoins should be treated for US federal income tax purposes, and therefore alternative characterizations are possible. For example, the IRS could take the position that a Bitcoin is a form of currency. If Bitcoins are determined to be currency rather than capital assets, then any gain or loss recognized by a Shareholder on a sale of Shares or from the Trust’s disposition of Bitcoins would be treated as ordinary income or loss."
On your other points, I think you are generally right that few CURRENT investors would use the Second Market BIT.  However, I think there may be many POTENTIAL investors who are on the sidelines - concerned about complexities, security, large purchases, etc.
I also thing the E&amp;Y audit - seriously, audit of bitcoin by a big three audit firms - is fairly significant.  Not as significant as an SEC approved ETF, but still meaningful, and something that could bring comfort to many Accredited Investor level investors. 
So nothing most people who follow this board would ever use, but not, in my opinion, a scam.  And overall, a great development.
@_date: 2015-02-25 18:43:13
Does this change anything with regard to the issue of members having to verify their accounts before voting?
@_date: 2013-12-12 02:24:40
Good point, and for those that missed it, here is one of the Manhattan financial elite touting and investing in bitcoin:  
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:29:18
My pet peeve is "Coinbase denied my transaction as high risk!  They are a scam."
@_date: 2013-12-20 01:40:11
@_date: 2013-11-19 23:03:43
@_date: 2013-11-21 16:35:50
What he posts is his business.  And a google search of "gomerlin" does not turn up his blog on the first page (didn't bother searching beyond that).
The policy is that posting personal information about others is not permitted.
You do not seem to understand or respect policies very much, whether reddit or localbitcoins.
@_date: 2013-10-26 16:43:35
Over a week.
@_date: 2013-11-07 17:47:37
No, Coinbase only holds your bitcoin, any cash is sent directly to your bank.  This FAQ addresses the question, answer is "not currently", so maybe that is something they would change some day.  
@_date: 2013-10-27 23:38:29
Not for a $ transaction, this is a BTC only send.
@_date: 2013-12-25 13:49:36
I don't think you understand the US legal system at all.  See this for a general rebuttal:  
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:36:22
Or a Porsche:  
@_date: 2013-12-13 01:06:11
Exactly, its not a matter of just compiling the forms, there are financial qualifications, potential requirement of multiple years of audited financials, and bonding depending on state.  Looks like NY bond is $500k based on this website.  
So there you go, already at $1.5m bonding for just two states.  
@_date: 2013-06-18 23:13:07
You can offset all of your capital losses against your capital gains.  If you have more losses in a year than gains, you can carry them forward.  
However, you are limited in the amount of capital losses you can use to offset ordinary income, $3k a year.
@_date: 2013-12-13 18:12:27
You want them to match every bitcoin you deposit with ANOTHER one in cold storage?
The only way a company could do that is to charge huge fees.  Don't hold your breath.
@_date: 2013-11-23 03:07:28
You left out the part from the prior discussion about the standard terms of localbtcoins requiring payment within 90 minutes.
You did not provide any email showing that the seller agreed to having the payment made in two installments, one of which was hours after the first.  Thus, you violated the standard terms.
Your second payment was initiated hours after you clicked "payment complete" (second violation of the terms of sale).
And the email from localbitcoins explaining this was the reason for denying your appeal.
And the part where you posted seller's personal information on multiple occasions, after your first post with this information was deleted and being warned that behaviour was not tolerated on this subreddit.
No doubt the above also explains why your prior post was deleted.
@_date: 2013-10-24 22:02:52
I am talking about the "Don't ask for this for 30 days".  Having checked that, it seemed to keep me logged in without having to enter any password.  And then, when I changed the password on another computer, I was still able to see all my account info and make trades on the other computer, where I had checked the 30 day option - without entering either password or 2 factor authorization.
@_date: 2013-07-02 03:18:56
So I think I was wrong.  The plan is to have the individual shares trade as an ETF.  The "basket" purchases / redemption are more of an institutional tool to manage overall demand.   
Straight from the prospectus: "Exchange Traded and Transparent. The Shares will trade on the [EXCHANGE], providing investors with an efficient means to implement various investment strategies. Upon effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, the Shares will be eligible for margin accounts and will be backed by the assets of the Trust. The Trust will not hold or employ any derivative securities. Furthermore, the value of the Trust’s holdings will be reported each day on     ].com, the Trust’s website."
@_date: 2013-07-01 23:03:32
This seems like pretty bullish news.  The trust is going to buy bitcoins equal to the value of the securities it issues, less some reserve for administrative costs.
So any money invested in the trust will be invested in real bitcoins.  
From the Edgar filing:  "The Trust expects to create and redeem Shares from time to time but only in Baskets (a Basket equals a block of [50,000] Shares). The number of outstanding Shares is expected to increase and decrease from time to time as a result of the creation and redemption of Baskets. The creation and redemption of Baskets requires the delivery to the Trust, or the distribution by the Trust, of the number of Bitcoins represented by the Baskets being created or redeemed."
And this: "The Trust’s assets will consist solely of Bitcoins. Each Share will represent a proportional interest, based on the total number of Shares outstanding, in the Bitcoins held by the Trust, less the Trust’s liabilities (which include accrued but unpaid fees and expenses)."
And I like this too: "The Trust has no fixed termination date."
@_date: 2013-10-24 22:03:24
It is part of two factor authorization, if you don't have that turned on, you may not see it. [edit typo]
@_date: 2013-11-05 19:41:48
I am doing something pretty similar.  So if you don't mind, I will add on two additional questions:
1 - Is there any program that will let me check, from the offline computer, that the generated public and private key match?  I believe the public key is a derivation of the private key, so it would seem there should be a simple way of checking that.
Perhaps the answer is that bitaddress.org's formula simply works and has been validated by many people, but being paranoid, I'd like to be able to doublecheck.  
And I know one answer is to do a small transaction out of cold storage to test the private key, but that seems to create a potential weak step.
2 - Is there anything wrong with sending multiple amounts to a cold storage address.  Ie once I generate a cold storage address, I have been making an initial small deposit, and then making sure that amount is properly reflected and confirmed at blockchain.info, before making additional deposits. 
It seems to me that it is the sending from the cold storage address that creates the potential security risk, not multiple sends in to the address.
Thanks in advance.
@_date: 2013-11-18 02:00:56
Nice, has a runway, so a buyer might as well pick this up as well:  
@_date: 2013-10-26 21:06:59
I just checked, and I submitted it through their white hat security page, on October 5.
@_date: 2013-12-11 14:34:49
But then you would have to trust him with the private key.  
@_date: 2013-07-01 23:38:22
You are correct, thanks.  And since I just signed up for bitcointip, I'm going to use you as my first test case:
@_date: 2013-11-11 14:43:10
This is how Casascius does it, and there is also a generator to print the coins.  
@_date: 2013-11-11 15:07:11
Yes it does:  
@_date: 2013-08-03 21:24:39
He is now saying its been owned.  Curious to see more details.
@_date: 2013-10-27 23:37:48
Sorry, not talking about buying.  Talking about sending BTC to cold storage, and what I think is the Coinbase "transaction" fee related to the transfer being validated on the blockchain.
If you go to "Send/request", and then click a transaction, and then click "advanced details", and scroll down to outputs, I see my 1BTC transaction to cold storage, and then another transaction.
I'm trying to understand if that entire amount is the miner / transaction fee, or something else, like change from the coinbase address that is used for my transfer.
@_date: 2013-12-03 00:36:25
Nope, not with coinbase.  Its right there on their main how to page:  
@_date: 2013-10-28 01:27:13
Thanks.  I put dollars for convenience, it was the percentage I was focused on.  Didn't make sense that there could be 3%, 2% or even 1+% on a 1BTC transaction, that Coinbase pays, as that is more than the fee I paid buying the BTC.
I understand your point, and I think its part of the puzzle.  That was my point about wondering if the larger amounts are "change" - ie if they have an exact 1BTC input laying around, they use that, and the second output is just a minor transaction fee, but if they happen to only have 1.02BTC inputs, the second transaction reflects not just fees, but the "Change" from my transaction.  
But like you, I'd love to hear an answer from someone who really understands the details!