@_author: bobbob9015
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:49:01
bitcoin "users", people "literate"
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:55:52
I would argue that the stability of a currency is based mostly on the intentions of the holders and the pervasiveness of its use to facilitate business. I would say that it may be impossible for bitcoin to ever be stable, because so many of the holders have the intention to sell. If everyone was conducting transactions all the time than it might be slightly different, but a market that is made up entirely of people with their finger on the trigger ready to sell is just a crash waiting to happen. The only way that the market would hold value (stay high) and become stable is if it developed a healthy economy of transactions and holders, then it would have a bit of "mass" to prop it up from potential crashes as there would be people relying on it and more things it can be used for besides exchange for another currency. Without that happening I can't see it ever becoming stable. (I find it an interesting thought experiment to think what would happen if a large body or organization enforced the use of bitcoin and attempted to buffer its value)
@_date: 2017-10-05 17:11:56
I apologize If I'm misunderstanding, but it is my perception that the typical bitcoin buyer merely intends to sell their bitcoin at a higher price rather than use it for any other purpose. In buying bitcoin he/she is propping it up (by stopping the market from offering it cheaper by fulfilling sell orders at the current or greater value). I believe that this both makes the market highly susceptible to crashes and gives the market low "mass"/stability/intrinsic value because so many of the holders are so willing to sell, because that is the only utility bitcoin offers them, the ability to exchange it for another currency. So my argument is that bitcoin is a market made up of and propped up by mostly holders that are only in the market because they are ready at the trigger to sell when they think it will net them the most profit in another currency and that that fact makes the value of bitcoin very prone to crashes and makes the market inevitably a zero-sum game among those who invest in it. I am curious about which of my assumptions or assertions you believe to be so ridiculous that you can only respond with insults. 
@_date: 2018-02-21 19:58:16
I mean long long term, there will eventually probably be no one mining it, the blackchain will halt and it will simply cease to exist. 
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:34:44
Fiat currencies do have massive buracricies with armies backing them up constantly trying to keep them stable, and a massive population that uses them for day to day transactions making it extremely hard for them to have substantial crashes unless the government does something extremely stupid or is destroyed. Bitcoin is held up by people who hold them waiting to sell at the right moment, which is basically just a crash waiting to happen. In fact most people would say that it is impossible to have a substantially deflating currency that is stable, because people will hold onto it instead of spending or investing it, leading to the market having very low "mass" in a way, ready to move at any moment. Anyway, every dollar earned with bitcoin is just a dollar taken from another investor, someone has to lose for every person who wins. (Minus the inherent value of the market, which is very low for bitcoin, as very few people conduct business with it).