@_author: bobit33
@_date: 2014-03-07 13:28:16
GOB's not on board
@_date: 2015-08-20 15:39:32
Well I'm not sure Bitcoin needs robustness to pluralism. It's not social policy with minority interests that need protecting and such. And there are altcoins for true pluralism. So we got two out of three. 
@_date: 2013-10-15 07:48:29
I think its possible you've misunderstood the tragedy of the commons. 
It would arise where the miners *collective* best interest is to not get too big, but there individual interest is to consolidate, scale up or whatever. If there is a wedge between the collective optimum and the individual short term optimum, you can see the tragedy arise.
What is the individual self interest (in the short run) to decentralize versus centralize?
@_date: 2013-11-28 14:08:21
Inflation refers to changes in the rate of exchange (the price level), not changes in the total supply of coins. It is deflationary-by-design.
@_date: 2013-11-28 19:05:33
I'm serious, but I'm also concious a lot of the early adopters of Bitcoins are of a more libertarian bent when it comes to attitudes to monetary policy. I happen to think its an amazing technology for almost frictionless monetary transmission, verified transactions, online payments, remittances etc etc. In other words a currency worthy of the digital global age. Separate from the control of the monetary base and the rate of change in the money supply.
The deflation bit is a massive barrier to this actually being a sensible reserve currency (in my view). Inflation targeting by central banks isn't some grand conspiracy against the public, its actually desirable, based on our current accumulated understanding of modern economics. As you know. 
Maybe that will change in the future, but I personally find it hard to imagine how the economy could survive a transition to a deflationary reserve currency. I'm open to being persuaded otherwise though. As a fellow economist who understands all the reasons we currently believe we *need* modest inflation, I'd love it if you point me to some top quality articles on why you believe the contrary is true.
@_date: 2013-11-07 19:51:07
the question is not who uses money on FB now, but if BTC was integrated!
@_date: 2013-10-07 17:40:41
Why doesn't he fund-raise for an attorney? Presumably there are plenty of SR customers, holders of bitcoins ,and general liberty nuts who would pay handsomely to bankroll a high profile case like this?
@_date: 2013-11-23 15:35:18
I'm sorry to be a bit blunt, but this is complete bullshit. Deflation, in the way economists use it, means the decrease in the price of goods and services in the economy (i.e. negative inflation) relative to the unit of common currency. It has little to do with the actual number of coins or notes or dollars in the world, but rather the *velocity* of use of money and the ratio of money supply to user base.
The great depression didn't occur because the number of banknotes or gold in the world somehow decreased. More gold is always being mined. It fell because the velocity of the money supply fell dramatically, partly due to falling investor confidence and hoarding, leading to price deflation. I don't know what you mean by this being "the good kind". I know of no serious mainstream economist who actually believes price deflation to be good for a modern economy. 
(I'm doing my phd in economics at a top 5 university. i also happen to be a big fan of bitcoins; but come on, it is a fundamentally deflationary currency. this is part of its genius since it will fuel the network effect. however we'll probably want/need to switch to a proper inflationary currency if this ever approaches being the reserve currency once we've built the digital infrastructure.)
@_date: 2013-10-15 11:41:41
Thanks. That makes sense
@_date: 2013-11-28 23:01:26
I appreciate the thoughtful answer and I'll send some responses tomorrow. In the meantime though, are there any peer reviewed articles making the case? I'm just curious how fringe/mainstream this stuff actually is, since I've never seen anyone teaching this stuff in a top university.
@_date: 2013-11-28 18:04:53
Ok true, but people in the subreddit don't seem to identify what they are talking about as monetary inflation (though I suspect that is often what they mean - its clearly deflationary by a price yardstick). 
I completely agree with you that the rate of expansion was intended to produce deflation. Its hard to conceive Satoshi meant otherwise.
My belief is that the deflation-by-design is to aid uptake and fuel interest/understanding/excitement while we construct the tools and payment infrastructure to help realise Bitcoin's potential. Once the adoption phase is complete (which will take quite a while still) we can choose to switch to an inflationary variant of bitcoins (I guess this is relatively trivial from a technical standpoint, assuming enough of the network is willing to do so). Possibly with a central bank. Which will be needed for this to effectively mature into a reserve currency. I don't see this happening anytime soon though. I should add this is my view as an economist, not someone who understands how the coding would work to handle this transition.
@_date: 2013-11-24 11:30:23
I dont agree with your central premise but appreciate the thoughtful response. 
We agree on the lesson from the GD, and more recently Japan. Govs have learnt they must pro-actively and credibly *bring about* inflation. The liquidity trap is a scary place to spend too long, especially in the immediate aftermath of a recession.
As for price deflation being "good". I'm intrigued by this idea since I've spent years studying economics and nobody has mounted a compelling defence of this position. Your example is far too complex, depending on too many confounding factors, to constitute proof one its own. Many things have been invented under many different conditions of monetary policy. 
But I would encourage you to develop your ideas a bit. I would be interested, for example, how you think the dynamics of price deflation would play out in a modern digital economy. Savings is a bit of a tricky one, since the interest rate is meant to constitute the "correct" inter-temporal "price" of savings. Any additional "encouragement" would constitutes a distortion, potentially with a high cost if it mis-allocates investments across time and space. I'm open to the idea of us sticking to the real interest rate, rather than a central-bank determined one, but that is different to a interest rate determined by the rate of price deflation.
@_date: 2013-11-29 10:20:58
I don't care about government approval and I should be honest about my priors: people who invoke conspiracy theories before presenting compelling evidence, as an excuse for the absence of evidence, really turns me off. I have an open mind and I want to be persuaded, but lets keep it fresh.
I'm keen to see some writing by some bright young economists at top schools doing scholarly work about this. I'll even compromise and take a working paper or something non-peer reviewed from a major economics department (if you believe there is some vast government conspiracy keeping good new ideas from getting past the journal editors). No offence intended, but I hope there's something a bit more academic than mises.org and constitution.org we can base the discussion on.