@_author: bobsaget824
@_date: 2017-12-24 01:13:58


Depends on the stocks, there are highly speculative and volatile stocks also... but yeah if you’re talking about buying stock in Apple or Google or something yeah, absolutely correct.
@_date: 2017-12-28 15:06:25
Right over your head... Bitcoin may still be here (and as a current investor I sure hope it is), but it's not a sure thing. Set a remind me for 2 years and let me know if medicine and doctors are still here... 
@_date: 2017-12-28 12:52:47
Doctors retire too as an FYI... it pays pretty well, and allows them to retire pretty comfortably, especially if they don't have to pay off med school debt. Oh, and it's a sure thing, unlike BTC. Now you could say you can still go to med school and just take on the debt, but one could also say you could still invest while in Med school (albeit smaller assuming no steady income), and beyond (which would be a larger investment cash flow than if you had to pay a huge chunk to med school debt every month). You can sell to pay for something practical now, and invest later when more money is available -- this isn't a new concept. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 01:10:02
MySpace is an awful example. Facebook beat MySpace because it was actually a completely different product, sure it operated in the same space, but it’s literally like “apples and oranges” operating in the “fruit” space. Different crypto currency are like 2 farmers both selling Grannysmith apples from different farms. One which is far more popular because it was operating well before the other farm. Could disaster strike that original farm, sure, anything is possible. But that farm that has built up its market-share by being first actually is at a huge advantage both in the short and long term.
There are negatives and challenges for bitcoin, that’s true - energy consumption being an example. But this idea that being first in the marketplace doesn’t matter because it didn’t work for someone like MySpace just doesn’t make sense. 