@_author: bobsmithjohnson
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:05:26
Do you all realize how irresponsible it is to be on here spouting bullshit acting like you know what you’re talking about? Your perceived confidence is making other people who don’t know what they’re doing risk money. Stopppppp. 
Edit: risk money that they can’t afford to lose. You’re like an ad for the lottery. Shits awful. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:26:00
I always see this argument on here about how “the internet will replace money” internet internet internet. That’s the point in trying to make with credit cards, the internet already has replaced money. That’s what credit cards are, leveraging technology to make money better. People on this reddit seem to think bitcoin is like investing in google in the 90s and they are seeing the effects of tech on finance before it happens. It has already happened!
What you are seeing here is a digital replacement for cash, but cash has already been replaced by credit. You’re replacing something nobody really uses anymore. 
As for your 4% back at gas stations, taking away for the moment that there are cards that do that, at the end of the day, because cards are run on tech, and block chain is just tech, there is no reason to believe that banks can’t make credit card transaction fees just as low as bitcoin fees. Hell, they could implement their own block chain and use that. Banks are still in the old phase of credit cards, everything is still in on premise servers for the most part. When that stuff all moves to the cloud there will be immense savings. 
And I think you missed the point on some of those advantages. 0% liability is more than being able to freeze your card. It means that that $200 purchase that was made so that you even realize that you need to freeze your card is now not your problem. Chase pays for it/calls the police over it/ etc. They do all the legwork. Same with the interest free loan, the warranty extension, etc. Those are all services that cost money that are being provided by an institution. If you want any of that with bitcoin you will need some institution to do it, and then voila, you’ve got a bank. 
I’d also like to point out the scale differences. Right now you’re seeing like 300,000ish transactions per day on bitcoin and the system is in crisis. Fees are insanely high and times are long. Credit cards do over 1000 times that many transactions per day, fulfill in seconds, and cost a tiny amount relatively. And all of that is running on 20 year old mainframe technology. The idea that bitcoin is just so superior technologically has yet to be proven. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:35:05
I bought my first bitcoins over 3 years ago. I certainly didn’t hear about it on the mainstream media. However there is a reason the price has gone completely bonkers so quickly, and it’s because growing price leads to talk about the price leads to people getting in leads to growing price and repeat. It keeps going till it slows, then the slowing creates fear and the cycle reverses. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:44:04
Yeah I guess we do just disagree. For the record it’s not that I think bitcoin is useless, just that I don’t think you’ll ever replace banks. They provide too many services for cheap/free if you use them responsibly. I wouldn’t mind their profit margins tightening up a bit though :). 
As for a card, it’s not for everything but the uber card is pretty insane by cash back standards. It’s like 4% on all dining, 3% on all travel, 2% on all online purchases, and 1% on everything else. That’s super high considering it doesn’t have a monthly fee and also has some other benefits like phone damage/theft protection, a sign up bonus, and it’ll pay your Netflix bill if you use it enough. Beware with that one though I’ve read an article or two saying that it gives uber quite a bit of leeway in terms of what they can do with your purchase info, and we all know uber isn’t the most honorable company. 
Oh and one last note on security. The human involved is almost always the weakest link. So no matter how secure a wallet can be, there will be fraud because that wallet is owned by a person, and that person will screw up. It’s nice to have the results of that screw up covered by someone else, and that requires an institution. That’s the point I was making. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:04:30
What are you talking about? Are you saying it’s ironic to say “playing roulette is a bad investment strategy because you don’t know what’s going to happen” because I don’t know what’s going to happen so it might actually make money? Uhhhhh. No. That’s not irony at all. My statement stands even if you hit red. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 07:44:00
Sorta, but not exactly. Like I said in my original post, it very well could have a redeeming value, but that value doesn’t matter as it is so much lower than the current value. If bitcoins real redeemable value is $100 it would have to drop 99% from its current price before that true valuation was realized. I’d certainly call that a crash! Additionally, any value as a currency would require it being used as a currency, which it isn’t right now, and can’t be until it crashes (because it can’t be used as a value store until it returns to some normalcy). So yeah, it’s possible in 10 years bitcoin will be a real currency, and it’s possible that in 10 years it’ll also have a huge value. But it isn’t possible that it will get there without some massive crash in between now and then.  
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:16:30
Lol money was digitized a long time ago buddy. How do you think credit cards work?
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:50:20
Potentially, but also consider that for every revolutionary idea that had naysayers that you hear about there were hundreds or thousands of revolutionary ideas that had naysayers that you didn’t hear about because the naysayers were right. 
Some version of crypto currency or block chain may play a big role in the future. But bitcoin being it really just isn’t that likely. Investing in bitcoin as he future could be like investing in MySpace as the future of social media. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:20:19
What did I do then? What are you talking about?
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:41:46
What adoption? People talking about it isn’t adoption. If it’s a currency adoption means using to to buy goods and services. Almost nobody does that. The only thing it’s used to buy in any real quantity is drugs or maybe casino tokens. That’s my entire point. It’s popular without actually being adopted, which is why it’s price is so absurd. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:19:04
How do taxes come into play here?
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:35:55
Name one advantage bitcoin has for the average consumer over a credit card. Because I can name a ton of advantages a credit card has over bitcoin. Overthrow is laughably strong. Even competition is overstating it. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:05:58
I didn’t realize you could use short term capital gains rates for bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:32:29
It’s different though because that would never happen. There would always be someone there to buy it up because gold ha significance. Bitcoin doesn’t. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 06:47:27
The problem with the argument that Bitcoin is valuable because it is a better currency is that nobody is using it as a currency. It’s value is exploding because people want to make money off its value exploding. Does that mean it couldn’t be worthwhile? No. But it actually isn’t right now.  It’s currently in the midst of a bubble based on its value rising enough that it caught true mainstream attention, which caused a bunch of people to buy into it to try and make money off its value rising. This process builds on itself and is the classic definition of a bubble because once it runs out of steam and people stop joining the party it’ll start to go down. That’ll make everyone realize it’s no longer a get rich quick scheme and it’ll crash quickly. The chances of its popularity as a currency catching up to its popularity as an investment for the uninformed before a big crash are slim to none.
TLDR: You can’t claim bitcoin is valuable because it’s a great currency when nobody is using it as a currency. 
Edit: to add to that, it’s actually worse because the fact that it’s in the midst of a bubble means it’s insanely risky to keep any real amount of money invested in it. That in turn makes it an incredibly weak currency as nobody should want to hold on to it. So it can’t become a real currency until it crashes, and it needs to become a real currency if it wants any hope of not crashing. End result, it’s gonna crash. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:31:13
But why would it be adopted by any kind of majority? A credit card, if you can get one, is currently a better method to buy on Amazon than bitcoin (if it were accepted) in every possible way. It’s easier to input than a wallet code, it’s got purchase protection (and is therefore much safer), it gives you cash back/extended warranties/etc, and to top it all off its an interest free loan for a month. 
Bitcoin is inferior from a user perspective to a credit card in pretty much every way except for privacy. And because that privacy is generally fairly well protected that value is incredibly low to the average user unless you are trying to hide from the government. So what is it that will sway someone to use bitcoins on amazon over their Visa? 
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:30:44
The problem with your comment is you start by saying if the money stops flowing, there is a collapse. But you don’t acknowledge that the entire issue with bitcoin is that the money CANT flow. Therefore by your logic it is already in a collapse, you just don’t see it yet. Fiat flows, if it stops that’s a problem. Bitcoin doesn’t flow in any real volume, it never has, it possibly never will. The value you see right now is not it beginning to flow, it’s people gambling. Bitcoin isn’t a currency right now, it can’t really be compared to one. It’s more like a bunch of rare pokemon cards that a bunch of people realized they could make money by investing in. Everyone wants to make money, nobody actually gives a shit about Pokémon cards. You don’t wanna be the person with the ultra rare charzard when the world figures that out. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:54:04
Literally none of those are an advantage for an average consumer though. Especially when you consider transactions are free for the consumer using a credit card (in nearly all scenarios). Also most of those don’t exist yet, credit cards will advance as well so it’s not really fair to compare the future to the present. At the end of the day you can’t get something adopted by the public if it’s only useful to a select 10 people who want to write money applications with nano transactions.  Why would that convince the average person to switch for buying their Starbucks? 
The advantages they get today with credit cards:
-interest free loan for 30 days
- cash back in purchases 
- 0 liability fraud protection 
- security of funds (you can lose your card and nothing happens)
- other benefits like warranties, travel, etc
- building your credit to help you get a loan in the future 
- all of this is completely free and often comes with a signup bonus as well as software that makes it much easier to document your spending
How are you going to convince people to give all that up en masse?
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:50:13
No, it doesn’t. Hence me saying it’s irresponsible to say that. The past bitcoin movements don’t imply anything about movements now. You are all completely incorrect for believing that and are simply gambling by buying in now thinking you have some brilliant strategy. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:22:52
I disagree. Merchants will adopt it as a currency when its popularity as a currency increases, not its popularity as an investment. That hasn’t happened. People don’t want to use it as a currency so there’s no reason to accept it as a currency. It’s the same reason that subway doesn’t accept gold bars. Tons of people invest in gold, but nobody wants to actually use it as a currency. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:46:11
That’s why I’m saying it’s irresponsible to act like you know what you’re talking about when you don’t. Anyone with any experience at all in investing or even just statistics, or even a real understanding of the bitcoin “market” knows that his “point” is COMPLETELY INVALID. Just because something has recovered a few times in the past during its rocky start and break into mainstream attention in no way even close to hints that that will be its behavior after a large crash following its rise to mainstream popularity. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:56:48
Like a debit card? Or a secured credit card? Or even a gift card? The application is for your ability to pay the loan, not for the card itself. You can drop that one feature without losing many of the benefits. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 07:11:32
The issue is as soon as it plateaus many of the people who got in it for the gains will get out, and that will cause it to drop which will cause even more to get out. Since most people in bitcoin fall into this group at risk of leaving, it’ll be a very fast drop. That’s why bubbles burst. The high value is only tied to the value increase. Without the increase, it loses its entire value, which is the definition of a decrease. There is no plateau, it’s up and up until it’s down. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 07:32:06
You can’t buy into something this volatile as a store of value. That makes no sense. If it’s value is constantly changing immensely, it’s by definition an investment, not a value store. That’s why a savings account stores value and a roulette table doesn’t. Additionally, playing a bubble is not risk diversification anymore than, again, gambling. The idea of risk diversification is to expose yourself to markets that are dependent on different factors. So if the tech market collapses, you don’t lose everything. Or if automobiles are replaced by hover boards, you don’t lose everything. Again, buying into a bubble doesn’t accomplish this as there is no scenario where the bubble a steady investment. It is simply taking on more risk, not spreading it out. 
Since both of those things you posted as alternatives boil down to playing the bubble, which is another way of saying buying in for the price increase, yes, everyone is buying in for the price increase. 
Gold is different because it exists. There can be spikes and drops in the price, and if you check, there are. But at the end of the day gold can be turned into things and shown off, and is therefore not likely to “pop” as a bubble. A huge chunk of the world would have to decide gold is ugly and useless for its price to collapse, whereas people just need to stop thinking bitcoin will go up for its price to collapse. 
@_date: 2018-05-01 22:48:15
Any solution to that problem is going to require a centralized grouping of capital. That is the definition of a bank. Lending isn’t a problem to be solved. It is a problem that was solved thousands of years ago. Bitcoin isn’t going to change anything about the power and usefulness of capital and lending. 
@_date: 2018-05-02 05:55:43
What you have just said is completely absurd. Lending and investment aren’t about getting you a fiver for lunch. They’re about getting you cash to start a business. The idea that an economy where people own anything would exist without lending is absurd and shows a fundamental lack of understanding of basic economics and markets. The only way that could ever happen is in the opposite extreme, where some central authority owns everything, and you simply work for them. And I think we can all agree that would be bad. 
@_date: 2018-05-01 22:24:11
What is it with this Reddit and not understanding the role of a bank? The big banks/credit card companies are first and foremost LENDERS. That is their role. You aren’t going to replace them with a currency. They LEND currency. The currency doesn’t matter. This is why Venmo hasn’t replaced credit cards. How are you gonna get a mortgage through bitcoin? No liability fraud protection? Cash advances for a month? You aren’t. Bitcoin doesn’t replace credit cards, it replaces cash. And cash has already been replaced by credit cards because they provide multiple advantages over cash. It’s not just about being digital, it’s about the services the cards supply. 
For instance, I went on vacation. I got ripped off by a hotel owner. I called my bank, I got my money back. With bitcoin, I’d have been defrauded. With a bank, I wasn’t. I’m not going to give that up for no reason. 
@_date: 2018-05-03 12:55:37
So you mean like a local bank? Again, your point has nothing to do with credit unions, and just with scale. It also has nothing to do with the original points made about bitcoin and how it in no way replaces the role of banks as lenders. Let’s just face facts, you made an asshole comment about credit unions that made no sense and had nothing to do with the comment chain, you were shown to be an ignorant asshole, and now you’re grasping at random other points to try and recover. 
@_date: 2018-05-02 12:52:02
Lol. A credit union is just a bank owned by its customers. The concept of one in no way invalidates the need for banks or the need for lending. It’s conceptually the exact same thing, it just functions as a non-profit instead of a for-profit business. What does that have to do with any part of the discussion about the necessity of lending?
@_date: 2018-05-02 14:24:15
I’m all for higher wages, but what does that have to do with interest rates? You aren’t forced to use a savings account, the stock market is open to everyone and has a solid 8% interest rate historically. Yeah it comes with more risk, but that’s what you’re paying for with a savings account, they take the risk for a big chunk of your money’s earning potential. 
@_date: 2018-05-02 23:24:17
What about a credit union isn’t centralized? The members deposit their money into a CENTRAL location that is the credit union. The credit union then loans that money out from the CENTRAL location to make money. Again, the only real difference between a bank and a credit union is a bank makes money by charging more for loans than it gives back to the people it’s borrowing from, while a credit union gives back more to cancel out those profits. It is no less centralized. Perhaps I shouldn’t explain this though, I wouldn’t want your head to explode...
@_date: 2018-05-02 03:31:02
Except bitcoin is massively more inefficient than current banking technology, and current banking technology is 30 years old. Other crypto-currencies do better, but the problems that crypto currencies solve aren’t necessarily more efficient, and in fact are likely necessarily less efficient than centralized non-public ledgers. 
@_date: 2018-05-02 03:35:52
Banks are crowd funded. That’s what savings accounts are, you crowd funding all the loans they make. At some point you need some central authority to decide the risk/reward of a loan, and that’s what you think of as a banker. 