@_author: bobsummerwill
@_date: 2016-05-22 01:54:48
Though actually, this likely affects ALL miners, doesn't it?
All the "canary folk" could do by triggering it would be to punch themselves in the face, because the workaround is to remove the one-liner.   It is a very shallow "shutdown switch".
@_date: 2017-07-27 02:51:57
Smart contracts alone are not legally enforceable in the real world, just as BTC and ETH are not legal tender.
That messy bridge between crypto and real-world is, I think, the critical part for mass adoption.
To your point, have a look at Mattereum and OpenLaw, two just announced projects seeking to bridge that gap for smart contracts, marrying real world and smart contracts, so you could buy a car or house and have that be legally enforceable.
@_date: 2017-07-27 03:41:21
Yes and that's a great step.
It is a much simpler use-case, though.  They are essentially just saying that you can use a blockchain rather than a centralized database as the golden source for stock ownership.  Not sure what, if anything, they are saying about KYC in that scenario.
With smart contracts, though, you are talking about arbitrarily complex state machines.
The Mattereum proposal is to pair real world contracts with parameterized smart contracts for specific types of common property (cars, houses, employment) in a particular jurisdiction, and have the real world contract delegate to the smart contract, with an arbitration mechanism.
You would sign the real world contract once (for each type) acknowledging that the smart contract would track the 'evidence' to be used in any arbitration case.   Then everything is just tracked on-chain unless there is any dispute.
Given that such property is subject to national law anyway and is not readily transportable, this might be a decent compromise as a bridge in some cases.
@_date: 2016-05-23 16:07:02
Yep - will do, I have plenty on my phone.   Just need to find some time to get them transferred.
Thanks for the help with the Meetup.   Was a lot of fun!   Great to meet you.   Hope to collaborate in the future.
@_date: 2017-07-27 03:30:12
PS. On the 'vending machine' analogy, I imagine there will be an 80/20 thing, where a raft of very common use-cases will become readily automatable, while more complicated stuff will require human experts.   There is likely also potential for components/libraries which can then be composed by humans.
@_date: 2017-07-27 03:50:06
So yeah.  See Mattereum and OpenLaw on my other reply, which seek to address these points.
In isolation, smart contracts are only 'law' on the blockchain itself, which, as you point out is of limited use for real world ambiguity.
If you are purely dealing with financial instruments, that is probably OK, because they can hold and control cryptocurrencies.  So you can do exchanges and derivatives and escrows and smart bonds and so on, because all the working is on chain.
Lawyers are no going away in a hurry.
@_date: 2017-07-27 06:06:52
As currencies to pay for things, yes, if you have a real-world agreement.
What we're discussing though is, as per OP "smart contract would be used to, say, sell me a Rolex?"
So I send some ETH to a smart contract and I am supposed to get a Rolex in return.   The smart contract updates some state on the blockchain which is perhaps meant to trigger some person to send me the Rolex but he just doesn't.   There is literally nothing you can do - in terms of the smart contract itself.
If you accessed it through some website or company then maybe you have some basis for trying to sue them, but that is outside of the smart contract.    This is the OP's point, and he is correct.
@_date: 2016-07-23 01:37:40
LOL, /u/Souptacular.