@_author: bodhidharma6
@_date: 2014-04-05 18:03:32
Being similarly affected does not mean they react the same way. Any business that instead opts for a smaller profit margin is going to bury all the competitors that raise the price instead. That's generally a smarter move for all but the most essential, inelastic goods, since a rise in price does nothing to change the actual demand curve and thus customer willingness to pay. In those cases, raising the price means you sell a smaller volume, thus you have unused capacity (factories and the land they occupy don't magically shrink when they produce less), thus fixed costs make up a higher proportion of total costs than variable ones for each unit. 
It can, and in the past has, lead to a death spiral for a company where they increase prices, see a drop in volume, and have to increase them more to make up for the increased costs per unit because of unused capacity, and repeat until they go out of business.
[A more detailed explanation and example of how a death spiral can result from increasing prices to match increases in variable costs](
@_date: 2014-03-04 20:54:16


No, you haven't. You've tricked me into willingly giving Y to you under false pretenses. That's fraud. The "overlap" you're claiming relies on looking at the end scenario (I have your Y) and ignoring the process that led to it (Taking Y, versus tricking you into giving Y).
Fraud is just as bad as theft, but they are indeed different legal offenses defined by different processes.
Further, to quote the original poster:


@_date: 2014-04-05 17:07:55
More than someone who owns a corporation (or stock in a corporation) that deals in millions of dollars worth of production inputs which are also subject to inflation? 
@_date: 2014-04-05 16:37:40


On the other hand: the actual history of the money supply and corresponding inflation rates
@_date: 2014-04-05 16:44:16


Two facts to start from:
* When businessmen or even consumers make decisions about spending or investing, they consider as many alternatives as they can think of and choose the one with the best return for the lowest risk.
* Generally speaking, spending and investment are good for the economy, because those actions reallocate resources to people or businesses that value them more. When people aren't spending or investing, the economy slows down. A very simple example is bulk pricing. Most businesses give price discounts for bulk purchases because, despite the lower profit margin on the sales, they can reinvest the money immediately for more return. To relate it to simply saving money with an interest rate, it's like having a more frequent period of compounding. As an extreme example, you invest $100 in Bank A, which has a 5% interest rate, compounded monthly and $100 in Bank B, which has a 10% interest rate, compounded yearly. After one year, your account in Bank A will have $180 in it, while Bank B will have only $110 in it. In the economy, spending by consumers is basically how businesses compound their investments, so they'd much rather sell a product 10 times over in one period at a low profit margin and reinvest each time, than 1 time at a high profit margin.
From those two facts, it can become clear why moderate inflation is good by pointing out why *deflation* is bad. When deflation is expected or occurring, *not spending or investing* becomes a low-risk investment. That is, you can hide your money under the bed and its value increases. So, given that and the first bullet point above, in a deflationary environment many consumers and investors will choose to not spend or invest and instead save/hoard. Combine that with the second bullet point and you have economic slowdown and lower employment.
A small amount of inflation encourages spending and investment, and thus swifter resource allocation, and thus economic growth, by making saving/hoarding a losing investment. Deflation sounds good for any one individual (I get more value without doing anything!) but when it happens across an entire economy then the overall growth of the underlying wealth (goods and services) falls or even turns to contraction.
On the other hand, if you know that goods and services will cost slightly more tomorrow than they do today, you're going to focus on *wealth creation* using your assets. You'll seek investments to make your wealth grow, or you'll start a business, or you'll get an education or training to help you earn more money. Inflation basically acts as an incentive to the creation of new wealth, whereas deflation acts as an inventive to hold on to existing wealth. It's important to understand that money *represents* wealth, actual goods and services, it is not in and of itself wealth, so just because the value of money grows does not necessarily mean the economy it's a part of is growing.


More likely, under a deflationary situation, the rich would withdraw investments in favor of liquidity (cash), and many of the 99% would end up losing their jobs while watching their mutual funds tank as investors take their cash out to store it under the bed.
@_date: 2014-04-05 17:13:03


Risks aren't rewarded simply for the sake of being risks...otherwise they wouldn't be risks.
@_date: 2014-11-10 13:07:07
Oh! Then I assume you support equality in the portrayal (both in quantity and quality) of men and women in video games? Right?
Or just the kind of "equality" that requires you to do nothing and for nothing you enjoy to change?
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:28:42


New industries are by definition difficult to value, it's not a generational thing. Buffet is simply conservative in the sense that some gamblers are conservative, risk-averse.
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:22:45


Isn't it more or less exactly what the NSA has been doing with phone data for the past 7 or so years? Both have roughly the same budget.
@_date: 2014-11-10 13:05:42
You're against the bogey strawman, but support vague-but-obviously-good-thing. Have a pat on the back.
@_date: 2015-08-28 00:03:18
Wonder why nobody's posting screenshots from, oh I don't know, any time at all in the past 18 months
@_date: 2015-08-28 00:18:56
Alternatively, erasing it can mean not learning from it. Why do you think it's priced about right? There have been people saying "it's priced about right" at just about any random point in bitcoin's history. Why now? What's the rationale or analysis leading to that?
@_date: 2015-08-28 00:16:43
Most of bitcoin's most vocal proponents are young white male libertarians, who would probably be driven into a spitting, foaming rage at the very idea. Maybe people in different socioeconomic contexts need to be appealed to differently in order for bitcoin to make sense as an investment for them. Maybe NO, maybe that's all LIBRUL ARGLE BARGLE. What's good for the goose is good for the gander. If young white male libertarians buy into bitcoin for whatever reasons, there's no reason for anyone else to think twice. 
@_date: 2015-08-28 00:04:43
@_date: 2013-12-08 17:31:21


Maybe it isn't what you think it is, and your ideologically-inspired analysis of its merits is biasing you to interpret bitcoin a particular way. The fact that it's not "catching on" the way you "believe" it should might be cause to reevaluate some of your beliefs about currency and value.


When you're talking about an asset that might become a currency, price is what actually matters. Ideological true-believership can only do so much to spread its use, it has to *actually be viable as a currency* before people will use it as one, and it wont be until it stops having wild swings every few months and massive bubbles. It doesn't matter how many pages and pages you read about the inherent perfection of bitcoin as a hypothetical currency. Until then, it's just another speculator asset.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:15:47


The dollar doesn't do what happened to bitcoins the past few days. There's really no comparison here.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:34:33
You true believers are gonna make a lot of skeptics rich over the course of your life