@_author: boltasa
@_date: 2013-03-20 08:02:25
I've been aware of Anarcho-Capitalism since I've read Rothbard in high school and still think it's a pipedream. You are are doing a terrible job supporting it though, as you come across like one of those TV preachers with all your hyperboles from a good and evil, taken out of a land so far from reality, every rational person would feel alienated by your rhetoric. 
The government is not a magical entity, it's social construct made by humans and a tool to organize society. I think you are the only one who is really affected by magical thinking: the government is your satan while the free market is your god, hence why you are so hysteric about the whole topic. I just see government as necessary tool I am neither especially fond of nor especially hate it. 
@_date: 2013-03-19 13:14:24
I am very sorry that this disturbs your anarcho dreams of a government free currency, but for me bitcoins was never about escaping "the cage of the government". I am not an anarchist and while I am not so super keen on paying my taxes I rather have the advantages of doing business with a legal currency as waking up one day with the ramifications of Bitcoin to be no longer allowed by business in the US and other actual economic drivers. Bitcoin becoming legal is a good message and I don't give a flying shit about your hyperboles of "evil government". I don't view taxes as theft, I find them necessary, I don't like to live in Ancapistan, I find it rather nice here and I don't think I'll ever see the inside of a Fema Camp in my life, because they don't exist. 
@_date: 2013-03-19 17:30:12
Do you have a number? 
@_date: 2013-03-19 18:52:53
If it makes it easier for you to explain to yourself why nobody is buying  into your anarcho-capitalist pipedream, be my guest. I don't think you are really open to the real reasons with that attitude. 
@_date: 2013-03-19 17:28:26
Well, I guess I missed the government indoctrination centre you apparently went to as I can't remember being trained to love the government, but as I am not believing the same thing as you do, I guess I still must have been indoctrinated (there are no reasonable arguments for the existence of a government after all!). Thankfully, you are here to shed the light of the one true truth (tm) and enlighten us sheeple. It's a real shame people like me are not ready and able to see the one true truth (tm) and keep spoiling people like you all the fun by ruining all your toys with regulations and laws.  
@_date: 2013-03-19 18:58:12
"I don't really need to worship God to realize the necessity of its existence."
That doesn't even makes sense. Either gods exist or he doesn't regardless of whether somebody perceives him as necessary or not. Government only exists if people deem it necessary and can be abolished if not. 
But like I said, if it helps yourself to explain why nobody is buying into your little theory (since you have been enlightened by the one true truth, everybody else must be indoctrinated to not see it!), be my guest. 
@_date: 2013-03-20 09:26:55
Except I am doing neither. If the government or any government employee should break the law and commit murder or any other crime he should get punished for it. Unlike god government doesn't define morality, it is subjected to it like everybody else. Ironically your probably appealing to some sort of universal moral code to support your crude understanding of the NAP and property rights, making you the person in the room appealing to abstract concept of universality that is by definition bound to magical thinking.
But hey, I am not trying to persuade you either, so have a nice day my friend.
@_date: 2013-03-19 18:48:53
You sound like a guy swinging between the extremes of thinking, living in a world as black and white as commercials from the 50s. I don't really need to worship the government to realize the necessity of its existence, like I don't need to worship my colonoscopy to know that it must be done. Sure, I'd rather live in a world where government was not necessary and we all could live in peace and harmony together, without poverty and free access to healthcare and education for everybody, or a world I wouldn't need to get pipe up my ass, but unfortunately we ain't living in such a world and never will. That's why I believe we need a government and that's why I am getting a camera shoved up my guts. Sucks, but that's the way it is. 
@_date: 2013-03-19 18:53:40
What happened to the Dollar? 