@_author: bolznet
@_date: 2018-05-18 08:07:06
Post on reddit maybe dont change anything, you’re right. But the thing is, reddit can easily show how the majority of the community is thinking and for this reason, and this reason alone, is that im triyng to say something. Just for the debate, that is valid for me. 
@_date: 2018-05-18 16:35:15
Yeah! You just don t understand what token is (informational estructures =logical propositions). With this logical system we get the smart contracts to do all types os services. 
@_date: 2018-05-18 07:57:06
I think you dont get the vision! Think about the network estructure that is able to us today, such as Dapps. Xyo for example... maybe, one day we could create a cryptoeducacional dapp, a system of descentralized education. 
They thought that Julio verne was mad when he dreamed about planes and other futuristic things at the time. Same as u are doing right now! 
@_date: 2018-05-18 16:44:47
It’s a debate! If u can read, then u are smart enough to see that I’m just trying to explain. And you are wrong, I’m not saying that here are the majority, but the redditers could represent (in a sample) what other communities could be thinking. It’s a possibility and you can’t change that, first because is indemonstrable and second,  you need to make a induction based on experience that’s why is not demonstrable, so the thing is just a debate of opinion. Relax!
@_date: 2018-05-18 07:43:05
Guys, just chill out! This despair is responsible for turning the market into shit. We are in the dawn of a new world and the old is trying (naturally) to maintain the status quo. Is not just about making money, all this is a cruzade. We are in war against the centralized world. cryptocoins is making possible to us to make a brand new start, a world where everything is descentralized, such as money, information, technology and what is most important, government.  So, our despair is just making more trouble for all of us. 
We need to think that some of the factors (i dont need to mention)that made the market going down is in direct relation to some of the biggest centralized institutions of our days, in the same way that are other factors as well, I mean: the comunnity going into panic. Yeah! Thats what they are triyng to do. So, relax and let bitcoin flows the river, the nature of human being is in our favor: technology cannot turn over, same as the river.  