@_author: bombatasmo
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:08:53
January sales and all that last-minute food and drink shopping. Yes.
@_date: 2017-12-19 12:04:11
I second this
@_date: 2017-11-26 19:14:44
You’re being reductionist. By those standards, everything is an investment vehicle.
You mine ore to process and refine it. You take the product and sell it to people for cash. They take the raw material and make something which they sell for cash. You take the finished thing and you... What? Put it on a shelf? Consume it? Burn it? Gift it? That “thing” is the object of value, but only subjectively. But that’s not the point, the whole chain is facilitated by cash. The cash filters up to the miner and gets picked away along the way so that the miner can go buy those “things”. As long as the thing at the end is purchasable with cash, the cycle continues. Bitcoin CAN be traded for goods and services. That’s the point. The variations in value and volume give rise to the exact same markets that cash and other commodities are subject to. There is no difference, except that crypto isn’t tied into the age-old, antiquated system that we’ve used since man started trading golden rocks for actual “things” of use. The crypto economy is real, the “bubble” is actually the beginning of mass adoption. Unlike the shiny gold, which was conveniently rare, stable and aesthetically pleasing to the eye, crypto actually possesses qualities that make it better suited to transaction, security and trust than any coin or note that’s preceded it.
@_date: 2017-11-26 12:25:40
How do I buy it with my Apple stock?
How do I buy it with my gold?
How do I buy it with my property equity?
How do I buy it with my classical art investment?
How do I buy it with my Battlefront 2 credits?
...All of these things have value, because people are willing to trade them. Some have a use, some do not, some aren’t even real. The global economy is built on fiat currencies. Everything is worth what people say it is. Bitcoin is no different, it simply offers opportunity and a host of disruptive advantages against “conventional” currency. It is also detached from the histories of established currency, thus detached (in part) from established class hierarchies and the status quo elite. Among other things.