@_author: bombay_stains
@_date: 2018-01-18 20:02:54
Expand the time frame out 6 months and it puts us back directly in an upward trending price channel. It's all about perspective as OP stated...
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:27:23
Stocks have been sky rocketing for 8 years, and especially in 2017, due to expansionary monetary policy and low interest rates brought on by quantitative easing. The long term bull run we've been experiencing is in no way related to a decrease in capital gains tax. 
@_date: 2018-08-13 15:35:52
The Fed "prints" money out of thin air by buying up treasury bills. i.e. Quantitative Easing. They are then paid an interest on those treasury bills from the government. Where does the principal come from to purchase the t bills and where does the interest for this money come from? The principal is created from thin air and tax dollars and more debt financing are used to pay it back at interest.  Debt/Credit "money" is literally created out of thin air.
You can't do this with bitcoin.  There is a fixed supply and no central authority that acts as a line of credit to expand the supply.  If you loan 1 bitcoin and expect 1.1 bitcoin in return, that .1 bitcoin in interest comes from the total supply of the 21 million coins. It doesn't tack on .1 bitcoin to 21st million coin.
Also, your local bank can actually "print" money in the form of credit. The fed acts as a line of credit to the government and expects to be paid back at interest. Your local bank acts as a line of credit to persons , businesses, or even other banks through fractional reserve banking. For example, you can store $10k in the bank, and the bank can then issue $100k  in loans to other borrowers at an interest off of your initial deposit.  That's why you get paid an interest (albeit laughable) on your savings account. They can do this because they only need to keep a fraction of deposit liabilities in the actual bank.  So yes, your local bank can and does "print" money (credit) out of thin air. \*\*just to clarify, no, your bank doesn't  literally print US dollars\*\*
@_date: 2018-08-13 16:43:53
Where were you in 2008?  That was the scariest shit of my life time. Do you  honestly think the United States has done anything since then to put us on solid economic footing to prevent another crisis from happening in the future?  
Do you know how the fed uses monetary policy to combat recessions?   Interest rates were just below 6% before 2008,  went to pretty much 0%, and are now back up to 2% but with trillions of new debt/"monies" created out of thin air. Money that hasn't been used to build infrastructure or used for public good through smart fiscal policy, just money that has gone [straight into equities markets](  If/when another recession hits, we're going to negative [interest rates](  What happens then?  Will you keep your money in the bank when you have to pay 3% annually? No? Where will you put it? (Bitcoin) What happens when everyone takes their money from the banks and they can no longer lend credit to businesses that have been hit hard from the recession?  What happens when everyone goes to take their money from the banks and it turns out they're only holding onto 10% of all deposits?  What happens when the FDIC, whose fund is worth [$25B and insures $9T in liabilities]( isn't able to  give you all of your money? 
This view point that America will always be *the*  economic super power is so naive. Look at Spain, look at Great Britain, look at Rome.  At one time everyone thought these empires would hold the same footing forever.   If America fails, it's taking the rest of the world down with it. 
This is why I invest in bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-08-13 17:36:15
I agree with you completely, but I think the immediate aftermath will result in some pretty tough times for everyone globally. I don't think it will last forever, but I think crypto will be adopted by more and more people when this happens as it will be seen as a safe haven from collapsing fiat currencies. Some interesting times we're entering to say the least... 
@_date: 2018-08-13 17:13:13
I think you're highly under estimating how intertwined America is with almost  every market in the world, whether it be industrial, energy, or financial markets.  The nexus of American political interests, financial interests, oil interests and military interests has impacted every country in the world in the last century, for better or for worse.  If America collapses, the ripples will be felt by everybody, Europeans not excluded. 
@_date: 2018-12-31 17:05:04
Honestly these critiques are nit picking minutiae and missing the bigger picture entirely. I mean come on man,  JP wasn't apologizing for the nazis in that video; how do you confusticate his explanation for why Hitler became popular with the germans with him being a nazi apologist? Like it blows my mind that you can even come to that conclusion from that.
Btw I'm a liberal guy, not sure it needs to be said, but I'm not some trump conservative defending daddy Peterson. I genuinely find nothing about JP's philosophy incongruent with liberal ideology. Take responsibility for your actions, clean your room, free speech good. 10 years ago none of this shit would be controversial