@_author: bomodori
@_date: 2017-02-28 17:49:18
Hi. Not sure I follow why comments made with accounts created just a short time ago are considered hoaxes. I made this account a few weeks after I bought my first mBTC, in case I wanted to take part in btc related discussions, because I dont want this account to be linked to my other accounts. The sudden influx of new accounts coming forward with comments is easily explained by the waves of new people coming in with all the news about btc breaking records etc. Including me.
I also was lurking only in r/bitcoin for a long while, simply because the name of the sub is the obvious one to stumble upon when looking for related subs. Slowly I kept catching the name of r/btc and got curious why it is often spoken in the same sentence with words like 'toxic' and 'deceitful' and other such flattery, so being the curious soul that I am, I paid them a visit... It was like walking in to a dark room that didn't have a door, just a light switch inside, and people shouting from a far to stay the hell away from there. Entered the room, flipped the switch. Wow. I mean. What is there to discuss on this topic? It really is difficult to put into words the disbelief, how some people are able to defend the 'moderation' (read: censorship) going on in this sub. What kind of sensible person has a conversation in the real world this way? There are a plethora of examples of someone throwing a slur joined with some claim, then a dozen replies to it that are deleted, and only the comment with slurs is left un-deleted. In who's opinion does that act of moderation leave only the comments left that 'add something of value to the discussion', as the mods here so often offer as explanation for deleting comments?
I consider myself to be neutral in the discussion related to block size and whatever, I am simply too new to have a deep understanding of the underlying mechanics involved. However, I am extremely qualified to tell whether or not a group of people are having a rational, civilized discussion or a debate on a topic. In my opinion the extreme censorship does not help the case presented by some people on this sub, because the constant deleting of differing opinions and attempts to offer a counter point, makes it seem like you are trying to hide something, like you are afraid of getting called out.
Simply for that reason I personally (as if anybody cares), am in the not-r/bitcoin-camp. Probably I am in the big block camp as well, simply because in normal life I wouldn't trust the opinion on a topic (on most topics, unless its reasonably verifiable from other sources, i.e. dont shoot the messenger) from someone who actively tries to shut down and prevent others from telling their opinions on it as well.
My advice on when having debates in the future: Never let the debate escalate in such a way that you make it impossible for yourself to change your stance without losing your face in the process. I.e. don't make it personal, don't make ultimatums, etc. I have a feeling the current situation here might be the result of exactly this.
I prefer to have the chance of forming my own opinion, and trust my own ability to recognize a troll when I see one. "Oh haha no you dont, since you like r/btc" Well I'm glad you got the main point of my useless comment. Also are you aware that r/btc apparently has a mod that is very pro-SW, that some people in r/btc have numerous times asked to be kicked out (which I strongly disagree with)? I think that would be horrible, instead having mods from different camps is imperative to enabling a healthy discussion on any topic.
I'm not sure what the purpose of this post was.
@_date: 2017-02-28 18:01:46
Do you understand why echo chambers are a bad thing? You should wish that they were able to better take part in discussions on this sub, so that they would be better altered to other opinions as well. What's that, brigading is a problem? This sub has 200k subs. r/btc has less than 30k. They are not able to brigade anything. If posts on this sub are downvoted to hell, its because the majority of the people on this sub are doing so.
@_date: 2017-03-05 11:37:31
In the second video, right after 42:00 Roger says he does want SegWit. It just doesn't come fast enough to solve the current problems right now.
If SegWit suddenly got the required support overnight, would it mean SegWit would actually be usable tomorrow? Or is it in reality still a long way from being production-stable? And I'd like to know the sources of statements for or against, and preferably the source not being a random redditor. I think Johnny was about to comment something on that in the video, but the topic was unfortunately switched to the next one by the moderators before he got his words out.
I think Johnny overall made a very good case and explained things wonderfully, but the bit where he was explaining about 'where fees come from', he suddenly sounded very vague and not making a clear statement. He makes a case why rising block size would be bad, but regarding fees I felt like he didn't want to get on record saying "yes, the blocks should be full, and yes, the fees should be high". My current understanding is that LN will increase capacity to allow transactions to pass through faster, but the aim is to still keep fees relatively high.
@_date: 2017-03-05 10:46:55


I have not heard of this before, and it's a bold statement that most of reddit would be interested to know of. Could you pass sources so I could read more about it?
@_date: 2017-03-06 21:19:18
Thanks for your opinions. What a mess. Anyway for a fact there are not going to be any serious developments for months, all the while a lot of new people who are dipping their toes in bitcoin will find ever rising fees and slow transactions, and a drama behind the curtains. Probably not what they though they were getting into.
@_date: 2017-03-05 20:56:13
Thanks for your effort! Not that it matters in the grand scheme of things, but I'm starting to be in favor of fast adaptation of this SegWit system. I tend to be very slow in digesting information from sources that otherwise act in a very questionable manner (not pointing to you).
So if fairies intervened, SegWit could be live in 4-6 weeks. Since that is not going to happen, how do you see the next few months and twelve months developing?
I like to think that the bigger miner groups would be so involved that they would understand the merits of each solution. Since both SegWit and BU have some non-trivial amount of support in the ranks of miners, what do you think is the reason for that divide? Do you think some miners in either camp has recently lost trust in the other developer group for some specific reason?
@_date: 2017-03-05 10:51:13


Where can I read more about that?
@_date: 2017-04-14 09:18:36
I would have preferred a source.