@_author: bonecoin
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:00:55
You make valid points. Obviously the delivery company will know that you bought something from tigerdirect, that is unavoidable. They will not know what you bought. 
Coinbase or whoever you got the coins will know you bought them, however, they will not know what you did with the coins especially if you take steps to be anonymous. 
If u use a credit card, they know where u shop and what u spend. Once that info goes to a data aggregator they will know what u bought as well. 
The only way to be truly anonymous is to be very paranoid, not use a cell phone regularly, not buy anything online, just use cash, etc. 
the government or a private investigator can learn pretty much everything they want to know about you if they want to. It is a question of resources, how much trouble are they willing to go through. If they have to get info from multiple sources such as your ISP, delivery company, merchants, banks, bitcoin exchanges, etc that is a lot more costly and unlikely to occur without probable cause. If your data is already compiled by a data aggregator who has access to merchants, credit card companies, delivery companies, etc. it makes it that much easier for the government or anyone with resources to engage in mass data collection and profiling. 
In conclusion, denying third parties access to your personal data makes it harder for your activities to be monitored by a malicious party. Not impossible, just more difficult. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 17:59:13
The benefits are:
1: privacy. Your transaction does not involve sharing your info to a third party to be sold to big data and accessed by governments. 
2. Tax avoidance. If you bought low and then use btc for purchase, you do not convert back into fiat currency and may avoid capital gains. 
3. Support decentralized currency. 
You are saving the merchant significant amounts in transaction fees and lack of charge backs and the purchase should be discounted at least 2-3% to reflect the savings. If u pay full price, the merchant gets the benefit and you don't. 