@_author: bongobirdie
@_date: 2014-07-07 04:55:42
sending anon1235111 a biscuit  to feed the ducks! @_date: 2014-07-01 06:21:47
It's the great Cornholio
 
@_date: 2014-07-04 23:09:42
Please remember the foundation of WW-II was economic.  When debtors call notes in harshly, emotion tends to override intelligence and a desire for the collective good.  Germany was in a state of hyperinflation leading up to WW-II.  This condition allowed for a charismatic few with a very volatile agenda to sway the masses and achieve power.  A similar condition was present in Italy.  Historically, volatile individuals with access to great force bring great suffering to all. The USD, Euro, GBP, or Yen going to crap overnight would be bad for the entire world.  All of us!  For now, we need balance and stability in government managed fiat systems.
The advantages of digital currency are clear.  Existing fiat systems will be replaced.  This needs to be achieved by the masses through consumer demand and vendor adoption.  
Currently, political stability in the world requires that governments be able to manipulate their state currencies thereby manipulating and controlling the masses.  Yes, the government manipulates you by controlling the value of currency.  And yes, the government steals from you.  All governments have always done these things.  This is the cost of living in civilized societies.
Transition to a financial system which brings government back under the control of the people must be gradual.  Trustless money with a public ledger will greatly limit governments’ ability to steal and lie about where the money goes.  When you cannot hide your finances it becomes more difficult to hide your actions.  We will get there, but it is better if we transition in gracefully through capitalistic adoption.
If you disagree with me please help me understand your position.  Presently, I believe I am correct.
@_date: 2014-11-15 01:56:45
Passion is a powerful thing. You'll do better next time. Just remember, condoms and lube; for many of them it's their first time too!   ;-)  It's all good.
@_date: 2014-07-05 02:33:11
I will trade “civilized” for “organized,” and your reference to Stockholm syndrome resonates.  My nature had me thinking more of Plato’s Cave.  For this discussion they are essentially the same.  
Change is a good and necessary process.  My concern is the fear which some powerful individuals may experience when confronted with rapid, significant change.  Frightened people do irrational things; frightened people are dangerous.  
Also remember that in the most extreme cases of Stockholm syndrome (capture-bonding) the victims can become more dangerous to rescuers than their captors ever were. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 06:20:24
The proliferation of hostility and indignation will accomplish nothing more than portraying ourselves as irrational separatists.  We, as a community, need to rise above our outrage at not being understood and with kind persistence, explain as many times as is necessary until lawmakers understand how this technology really works.
Political leaders are nothing more than managers.  Some of the most effective managers in the corporate world possess only a cursory understanding of the systems and projects for which they are responsible.  These managers listen to contributors which are able to present key concepts in layman’s terms.  
Perhaps reflecting on the relationship between Penny Patterson and Koko may help.  Penny taught a Western Lowland Gorilla named Koko to speak in sign language.  The critical factor here is both Penny and Koko’s desire to communicate with each other.  Both parties were exceedingly patient and accomplished greatness.
When I read the NYDFS proposal, there are a number of items which should be revised.  I am confident that Ben Lawsky is fully aware that revision is necessary.  Please remember this man reached his elevated position because he is good at what he does.  And unlike managers in many areas, Mr. Lawsky actually understands Financial Services.  Clearly he possesses some knowledge gaps regarding Bitcoin and Block Chain technology, and that is where we come in.  If Penny Patterson can teach a gorilla to speak in sign language, surely we can teach Mr. Lawsky to speak in Block Chain.
Put down your rakes and pitchforks. Divide your mobs into workgroups and write a letter!  Positive change requires positive behavior.  The reason this proposal is currently under RFC is because Mr. Lawsky knows revisions are required. Prove we are as smart as we claim we are. Comment on the NYDFS proposal and teach our lawmakers the better way.
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:25:25
Ive checked their website but cannot find where to pay with BitCoin.  
@_date: 2015-03-10 13:06:01
You're trying to explain Light to the Blind. 
@_date: 2015-03-24 00:54:11
It's a bad thing but less-bad for Bitcoin due to the finite nature of the resource. You can't just print more and create inflation or hyperinflation. 
@_date: 2015-03-10 15:42:02
Change will come. It will just take time.  Innovators are always laughed at in the beginning. The Telephone was a joke as were horseless carriages, the FAX machine, overnight delivery, computers in homes, this "Internet Thing", e-mail, etc. We are still in the early stages.