@_author: bonkers4ip
@_date: 2015-08-03 18:49:47
Update...We are def screwed:(
I called the Southern District attorney's office as I said. A few days later they returned my call. I asked her what recourse we had to get money back and was told that I could file with the DOJ after the case is closed and submit paperwork proving that I had money on the site. I asked what papaerwork? I submit no paperwork when exchanging btc other than my identity which you have because you seized the site and all their information. She then explained that you just need to submit paperwork that you were buying btc from them. I said well thats fine and dandy but I mine BTC and there is no paperwork however they pay me so the site clearly has records of who has what moneies on their account. This is when it gets ridiculous. 
She explains to me that the records of the site are not public information so I cannot use that information. I explained that that is the only place that records exist. How can you seize all the records that exist and then ask me to provide information that you have and won't release? Thats when she started acting like I was a criminal. She took all my information and Im quite sure I will now be investigatyed and Im quite sure that it will not be to facilitate the return of my btc. She then told me that I could contact the FBI and they would know what regulation I could point to in order to avoid this in the future. The FBI knows nothing of this and told me to call the DA in New York again. Basically what they are saying is that I am screwed. They can point to no policy or guidlines I could use to avoid using a site that is in violation of policies that no one can even point me to or even exist to my knowledge. Once again the US gov't has turned its back on a developing technology and given no clear guidance. They are great at finding ways to then sieze funds of innocent people but cannot be proactive and release guidance on avoiding such situations by people that have no intent nor deisre to break any laws. Im finding it really hard these days to get behind the US and like I said Im born and raised. The gov't is supposed to be of the people for the people. Instead its just a huge beast that continues to do everything it can to support itslef including seizing any funds it can that either fall in to a grey area or where citizens just dont bother trying to recover their funds. So now no one in the gov't can point me to any guidance on avoiding this. Im not doing anything illegal. Yet we are all subject to having our money seized at the whim of our gov't. 
Additionally after talking to these agencies it seems that all the hype is just that. Hype. The owners of this site are being made out to be some huge conspiracy involved in funding criminal enterprises, money laundering, etc. In fact I get the feeling now that these are just guys that were trying to run a business and werent aware of what filings were necessary or what responsibilites were required of them by the gov't. This is just a case of these guys not knowing that they had to file a bunch of red tape stuff. They just wanted to open a site and exchange what no one considers to be an official form of currency. Why would you think that money tansfer or exchange laws would be involved when the US has come out and said that its not currency? These were not huge criminals, terrorists, or money launderers. I feel for them actually. 
Well I encourage you to call the NY DA. I dont know if any of us will have any luck in getting our funds back because the US gov't is set to keep it. They are doing everything they can to make it impossible for anyone to revcover what money is theres. This includes basically seizing all evidence that could provide proof that they owe you money. US Gov't = Biggest and best criminals I know!
@_date: 2015-07-23 13:58:02
At best the money will be seized for the investigation. Then, considering the claims,  how can they just release funds that they think are involved in ransom schemes without assuring that the money they are releasing isn't exactly that? 
While I will say this sucks and that authorities do make stupid moves and plenty are dirty I am thankful that "LE" exists and I thank them for doing the hard things that I (And u) will not or cant. I doubt ur "five seven" which I assume is short for 357 will do much for you if there were no "LE". You sound like a confused suburbanite white teenager trying to be a tough black guy from the hood. I clawed my way out of the "hood" and am now quote successful. Dont glamorize it just because you lack the ability or desire to leave it just to try to make it acceptable. You go Vanilla Ice. Try to keep this based in reality.....you will get ur .0001 Satoshi's back.
@_date: 2015-07-31 17:03:45
If you call the number I originally posted below (or (212) 637-2600) they will transfer you to the victims line. You must leave a message and they will call you back. You must do this in order to receive your funds back....Dont hold your breathe though. It will be a while. I understand the need for things like this to be investigated. There are bad things that should be stopped. Im not sure that what these guys were doing is really bad but whatever. Sounds to me like they for the most part just didnt file the right papers. If this is the case I dont see it as fair that so many people should be impacted but I dont know all the details either so I reserve judgement. Just sucks that its going to take so long. I called, left a message, and they called me back 2 days later (today). Good luck to all who lost money. I hope you get it back.
@_date: 2015-07-23 03:00:42
I don't know why they would come out with this excuse. Don't get me wrong I sympathize and I think the arrest and charge is BS.  But really...come on. You dont get arrested for ur site and then the FBI allows you to just keep on running it. The funds were in all likelihood seized. I too had several thousand in my account. Also Im long time loyal user. Best exchange I have found. Just be as stand up as you have been for the years we have known you. End as you lived. Good to your customers. You can only do what you can do so telling us the truth is not going to do anything but at least save your integrity in the eyes of your members. I wish I could help you but I cant(If we can somehow tell us this too!). Tell your supporters whats going on so we can stop wondering....really we are holding out for a miracle we know deep down isnt coming. 
Either way...these guys dont deserve the label scammers. Getting your funds seized by the Feds is not scamming. It sucks but lets be fair. I dont believe that a site that has done nothing but treat its members well is being hailed as some win for democracy and the United states. Guess what FBI...coin.mx didnt hurt us YOU did! And knowing this you(the FBI) havent even bothered putting out a statement regarding the funds of innocent US (and others) citizens. That's how much the US govt cares about its people anymore. They are just happy to seize some more money from people and wave the "Look at how we protect the country" flag for some publicity. Thanks for screwing us US gov't! You don't mention this in your publicity ops do you?
@_date: 2015-07-22 22:01:01
The arrest was made by the Southern District of New York. The DA's name is Preet Bharara. The phone number is:
Main Office &amp; Criminal Division 
(212) 637-2200
I urge you to call and fight this. I want my money and getting it ripped of by the US gov't is just the last straw. It was the US that came out and said that BTC's are NOT currency and are a commodity at best. So now they want to go after these guys and take our money because they are an unlicensed money exchange? What money? You cant say its not money and then arrest people for transmitting what is "not money". So is the IRS going to start taking BTC? Thats the only reason I could see for the Secret Service and the US treasury to be involved in this. IT IS THE FAULT OF THE US GOVT for NOT taking ANY action nor giving ANY guidance on how BTC's are to be handled. They turned their back until they found a good opportunity to fill the Federal coffers a bit more. (No pun intended). I AM NOT A CRMINAL. I AM JUST A US CITIZEN TRYING TO GET BY IN THE WORLD AND IM TIRED OF MY OWN GOVT SCREWING ME AT EVERY TURN! YOU F'N pay the electricity it took to generate all of the BTC I lost. Im going to have to and you just took my operating costs! Either way I don't care just gimme my damn money US FEDERAL GOV'T!!!!!!