@_author: bonobomercurial
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:04:29
You, sir, just win the Internet!
@_date: 2017-10-19 03:40:27
This is like saying one should sell one's Apple stock once 100k people have iPhones... just GTFO. Once the AppStore has 100 apps plus the 13 the phone came with, just GTFO. 
It is lacking vision and an understanding of market potential... to say nothing of Metcalfe's Law. The infrastructure and market efficiencies for B2B alone are astounding. Add to that the 2.5T un- and underbanked who are now able to actively participate in and contribute their products, services, ideas, and micro-markets to the global economy vis-a-vis smart contracts (again, to say nothing of the so-called 'mainstream' which I am guessing is whitebreasd suburbia) more than suggests explosive and almost limitless growth. Physical anthropology has noted that we have transitioned from Homo Sapien Sapien into the epoch of Homo Sapien Economicus - and it is cryptocurrency, in all of its protean guises, which will be the historical happening that propelled us rightly into this new paradigm. 
Not since the translation of the Roman Catholic Bible from an esoteric language of the elite (Latin) into an accessible vernacular of the commoners (German), coupled with the advent of the Gutenberg press which offered scalability to the de-centralization of divine, 'God-given' power, has our species come to witness such a transformation potential. One could not have predicted profoundly 'disruptive' and transformative ideological, political, and social downstream effects of such an odd pairing. 
So too, with the advent of a ever-growing collection of decentralized currencies, combined with the development of an integrated means of transmitting knowledge and 'power' (i.e., value) through physically disconnected networks, we - in our lifetimes... neigh the next half decade - will witness such a disruption and transformation and re-distribution of power... and orders of magnitude faster than the first great change noted-above.
So, I would suggest you re-think your position; move from the GTFO camp into the HODL camp and be a part of the true democratization of the world.