@_author: bonq
@_date: 2013-06-28 12:34:04
Agree, but still there are so many people that want to use their bitcoins to something else then just trade that it is worth testing.
@_date: 2013-06-28 12:39:24
Of course would love to do a multi currency system, but it's not feasible resource vise at the moment. Hopefully it will some day. If it even is a good idea.
Creating a "virtual currency" is something we discussed, but we don't see any way of doing that if we do not lock to a real currency for value. Then there is in reality no difference between our virtual currency and a real one. All currencies still needs to be converted. Now it's like that too, except for euros. A floating virtual currency would be a huge risk for anyone who has flattr income as a big part of their lively hood. A risk we don't want to force on people.
@_date: 2013-06-28 12:33:27
Update for the people!
We have got very good contact with BIPS that are even based 30 min from us in Copenhagen. Looks very promising.
Will get back with more info when we have it!
Again, thanks for the response from all of you have been extremely helpful!
@_date: 2013-07-04 12:56:54
That is though not Flattr. The system is complicated as it is.
@_date: 2013-07-04 15:56:59
Works well, now it's up to all you nagging old ladies to actually use it too.
@_date: 2013-06-28 08:33:44
Hi, thanks for all the replies!
I'm Linus, CEO of Flattr and I wanted to sum up what we need so you know for real.
No, we are not interested in becoming a bitcoin exchange or handling bitcoins our selves. We don't know the legal implications of this and neither want or have the resources to do that. So...
We need a provider that allows people to take their bitcoins, exchange then to Euros (that is the currency of Flattr) and then those euros are deposited to our UK bank account together with a callback to our system of how many Euros and a transactionID.
It would be nice to do the opposite, but that is not needed to begin with.
From your feedback we have found some more options (those google didn't find) and we are checking them. Might work! Thanks!
Also wanted to say that for you that want us to handle bitcoins for "real", eg letting people send and receive bitcoins via Flattr. That wont work. To do that we need to create a multicurrency system that allows people to define what currency they want to receive their money in. As most people don't want or know what bitcoins is we can't give them bitcoins. It's a question of being user friendly. Though of course it would be nice to let people receive their money in eg, Euros, Dollars and Bitcoins it is something we have to look into further in the future.