@_author: bonsailinse
@_date: 2014-11-26 16:27:26
No pictures, no links to any website with further information... I'm on my mobile and just too lazy to google them both, you should offer these things when writing reviews like that. 
And yes, writing this sentence took more effort that googling those things. Damn. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 14:29:54
I want to play hit-the-pot, can you recommend any minefield?
@_date: 2013-04-27 16:01:03
You say openly. That's the point. No problem to trade in the DarkNet. And because there is actually no physical item the government can confiscate and no bank account they can close they don't have a chance. 
At the point they forbid bitcoins everyone owning some will start to be careful. 
I can save my wallet on USB-sticks, send it per email to myself, open it at the other end of the world... 
Of course it will not be the best for the whole BitCoin thing, but I think there will never be such a depression that BTCs are worth nothing. 
Even if bitcoins would be 'stolen' by government it would increase the value of them. That's the nature of them. 
And sorry if I have to say it, but America is not the only state in the world. America's government is kind of quick with things like this scenario, but in Europe there is a very wide spread counter movement against those. Barely to imagine that every state here can forbid the use of bitcoins, even if they want to. 
Hope everything is understandable since English is not my native tongue. 
@_date: 2013-04-27 17:15:58
Ok, that's right. The danger is always present. The advantage of bitcoins is that you can try to "destroy" their economic environment (and it will take damage probably) but unlike other currencies like Dollar, Euro or precious metals like gold, silver an platinum the government has no direct influence on the market. No chance to print some Dollars to finance a war, no way to print some euros to help a country with their national debt. I like the idea bitcoins aren't regulated by anything except supply and demand. 
And if a whole country of bitcoins is gone from one day to another (like in our example) the supply reduce... could create a wave of fear and panic sells but more likely is the continued use accompanied by massive protests against the government of the affected country. 
Seems to be an interesting thought experiment. 
@_date: 2013-04-23 23:49:30
At least I did something to the community. 
I must confess still having the coins would make me more happy ^^
@_date: 2013-04-27 05:53:09
I don't think government is able to do anything against bitcoins. As long as not every country in the world is acting against it there isn't no way to prevent us to trade with BTCs. 