@_author: bontchev
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:18:00
If all they wanted was to spend their euros, they could easily do that directly - without going through Bitcoin. (With the exception of illegal spendings.)
@_date: 2015-06-14 10:06:27
Well, according to Croatia, the territory that currently calls itself Liberland actually belongs to Serbia. (According to Serbia, it actually belongs to Croatia, but that's besides the point.) So, Croatian police are acting on Serbian territory (from their point of view), which is clearly outside of their jurisdiction. Unless, of course, they have the cooperation of the Serbian authorities - but they can't have that, either, because according to Serbia, that territory is outside of Serbian jurisdiction.
@_date: 2015-06-29 15:34:59
Sinn macht kein Sinn. :-)
Sorry about the German pun. In German, "Sinn" means "sense", "meaning", "reason". "Macht kein Sinn" means "makes no sense".
@_date: 2015-06-27 21:32:18
Zimbabwe is quite rich in various ores. Venezuela is the world's 10th largest oil exporter. Argentina has ores, meat, wine and other things worth exporting.
@_date: 2015-06-30 09:22:35
No, it's not a *liquidity* crisis. It's a *solvency* crisis.
@_date: 2015-06-16 09:38:36
Do they monitor the transactions from their on-line wallets only? What if you transfer bitcoins from your on-line wallet at the exchange to a wallet on your computer or smart phone and then send it to a "questionable" address from there - without any attempt to use tumblers or anything like that? Would they complain about such transactions too?
Yes, I know that they can't prove that the wallet on your computer is yours, but if you regularly transferred to it bitcoins you bought at the exchange, chances are pretty high that it is.
@_date: 2015-06-09 08:43:29
Yes, I am aware that there the tense of the translation does not match that of the German original, but it is my understanding that in English the use of "since" (the German equivalent of which *is* present in the original) requires this tense. Thus "has become no longer possible" instead of "is no longer possible" (which is what the original uses).
Sorry if I am mistaken; I am not a native speaker of either language.
@_date: 2015-06-28 18:49:35


Nonsense. The whole concept of "property" (in the sense of more than what you can hold with both hands) arose when human society had already invented some form of government. Without a government you can hold only to very little "property" and most people won't be able to hold onto any of it. It is what anarchists dream of - but it's primitive and it never works. Without a government to enforce your property rights, the first person who comes with a bigger gun will relieve you of your property.
Libertarians want the kind of limited government the USA had for a short time after its foundation.


I have. Rothbard was more of an anarchist (anarcho-capitalist) than a true libertarian. While many of his views (especially on economics) are correct and accepted by libertarians, by far not all of them are. But even Rothbard didn't go as far as to reject all forms of government, as anarchists do. He just wanted a free market of agencies that provide protection of your property rights, instead of one single monopoly. He also had some views on civil rights and police brutality which I personally find rather disgusting.
@_date: 2015-06-15 19:46:15
Or a drastic reduction of the population of Greece. /s
@_date: 2015-06-13 08:33:11
Ah, you have misunderstood me.
CouldFlare is a general availability-ensurance service. It protects against DDoS attacks, makes the (static) content available even if the original site is down, protects forums from comment spam, etc. It is not specialized in "protecting from DDoS coming via Tor". Simply, because many spammer bots who spam the comments of a forum or a blog use Tor to hide where they are (and to avoid being banned by IP), CloutFlare by default redirects any traffic coming from Tor exit nodes (they are publicly known) to this CAPTCHA page.
Many people have complained to CloudFlare about that and CloudFlare responds that it is just a default setting that can be changed by the admin of the site that is using CloudFlare's services. Except that most admins don't even know about it or don't bother changing the default. That's why I suggested telling ShapeShift about it. It is within their power to change this setting, if they know about it and want to do so.
@_date: 2015-06-15 09:55:57
As somebody who still has money frozen in Iceland, I can assure you that Bitcoin wouldn't help the citizens get around the capital controls. The moment the capital controls are established, trading in crypto currencies will be criminalized.
@_date: 2015-06-29 15:22:57


They can't do that. With the current blocksize limitation, that many people can do averagely 1 transaction every 15 days.
@_date: 2015-06-02 14:45:32
It's an unfortunate turn of phrase. He means that while the euro is, of course, inflationary, since it can be inflated at will by the ECB, it cannot be inflated (printed) by the Greek central bank, so it acts deflationary for them. They can't inflate away their euro-denominated debts.
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:11:00
This is mercantilist bullshit. No country has ever devalued its currency into prosperity. Devaluation helps exporters for a while, yes - but it also makes it more difficult for everyone else because imports become more expensive and savings (capital) are destroyed. And in a short while the market adjusts, so the exporters quickly lose their advantage, too.
If currency devaluation worked, Zimbabwe, Venezuela and Argentina would be the richest countries on the planet.
@_date: 2015-06-17 10:37:09
If Greece defaults, it will have to leave the euro and will have to introduce capital controls, in order to be able to devalue its new currency while preventing people from moving their savings abroad. People are speculating that the Greeks will buy bitcoins, in order to move their money past the capital controls.
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:54:39


No, that's when bitcoin is made illegal, like in Iceland and Ukraine.
@_date: 2015-06-27 22:29:05


Then you haven't checked any time soon. Certainly not since the capital controls were introduced. It is explicitly illegal to trade crypto-currencies there. There is an argument that, technically, it isn't illegal to sell crypto-currencies that have been mined in Iceland, but that has never been tested in court.
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:58:00
Even better; then the OP shouldn't be concerned at all. If he sends 1000 bits, the recipient *will* receive 1000 bits.
@_date: 2015-06-29 15:39:01
While all euro notes and coins are legal tender everywhere in the Eurozone, the different countries use different designs. So, yes, there are Greek euros.
@_date: 2015-06-07 20:16:24
It depends on what you mean by "a .rar file". By default, Windows hides the file extensions, so if a file is named foo.rar.exe, it will be displayed as "foo.rar".
@_date: 2015-06-16 09:18:47


What makes you think that this isn't what is going to happen? If the fee is properly implemented, when you send somebody 1000 bits, they will receive 1000 bits and 1010 bits will be taken from your account.
When I use my bank for a money transfer that is subject to a fee (i.e., to another bank), they ask me whether I want to pay all the fees, or the recipient to pay all the fees (i.e., have them taken from the transferred amount), or to have them split between the two parties.
@_date: 2015-06-30 09:30:26
The trend is your friend until the end where it bends.
@_date: 2015-06-13 18:58:00
The law is that you must declare all money-like instruments that exceed the value of $10.000. What exactly is a "money-like instrument" is somewhat open to interpretation, but Bitcoin definitely qualifies. So, if you are crossing the border with a wallet containing more than $10.000 in Bitcoin, you have to declare it. If you do not, you are breaking the law. While detecting that you are breaking the law is easier if you are carrying a suitcase full of cash than if you are carrying a paper wallet, that's neither here nor there.
Also, this is when you are crossing the border. It has absolutely nothing to do with the asset forfeiture laws, which, IMO, are completely unconstitutional. They basically mean that the police can seize any of your property (usually - large amounts of cash, but there have been many cases involving cars, yachts, houses, etc., as well as very small amounts of cash, like $15) without charging you of any crime - if they suspect that the property is involved in a criminal activity but you are not (or at least they can't prove it about you). And since the property is not a live person, the presumption of innocence doesn't apply to it, so the property is guilty until proven innocent by you.
There was a case discussed here several months ago, when a traffic cop seized a Trezor.
@_date: 2015-06-17 10:47:38
That's why financial journalists use the word "as". They say that Bitcoin raises *as* people are worried about a Grexit - not *because* they are worried about a Grexit. The readers are left to draw their own (wrong) conclusions.
@_date: 2015-06-22 09:48:19
That counter is retarded. Only the "days" part is (mostly) correct.
@_date: 2015-06-09 16:46:07
But, first, it is not about a person here; it is about a service. So, Oppenheimer would say about himself "I am become death, destroyer of worlds", but about a service one would say "it has become unavailable".
And, second, it is the same verb, just different tense - and, as I said, I was taught that "since" requires the "has been" tense (forgot its name - past perfect?), not the "is" (present) tense.
Oh, well. Somebody ought to write a parody of Mark Twain's essay - but about the English language. :-)
@_date: 2015-06-28 11:29:56
I'll believe it when I see it. Meanwhile my funds are still frozen in Iceland due to the capital controls. They are talking about lifting the controls but only at the price of paying 39% "tax" if you want to take your money out of the country - and even that hasn't been accepted yet.
@_date: 2015-06-16 12:41:11
Can't find a link right now... It's not a very recent development although it was done this year.
There is a [link]( for an article about the limit being dropped to 500 euros, but it is from the last year. As you probably know, France is lowering the limit to 1000 euros this September and Italy is considering lowering the limit to 300 euros, so it is hardly surprising for Greece, which is much worse economically.
No, it's not capital control. Capital controls means you can't take your money out of the country. This thing is a limit on cash payments, in order to discourage people from taking their money out of the banking system and to fight tax avoidance (i.e., people performing services for cash and never declaring their income).
@_date: 2015-06-17 09:10:37
But that's a completely different issue. ChangeTip is for sending tips. You send a 1000-bit tip - the recipient gets a 1000-bit tip. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less.
What you want has nothing to do with ChangeTip. In fact, it is beyond the control of ChangeTip. In the early days of Bitcoin, could pretty much initiate transactions with zero transaction fees and they would have been processed just fine. Nowadays if you don't include a fee, chances are that it will take a very long time until a miner decides to include it in a block. In a few years the transaction fees necessary to process a transaction might be much higher than they are today, because the block rewards will be smaller. In other words, the transaction fees can change no matter what ChangeTip does.
Currently, the Bitcoin protocol *requires* that the sender pays the transaction fees, if any. So, if you are actually transacting on the blockchain (as opposed to transacting only off the chain within the confines of a centralized service like ChangeTip), it is your responsibility to include sufficient transaction fee. In other words, whoever is taking bitcoins from ChangeTip has to take care of the transaction fee, too.
@_date: 2015-06-28 11:27:43
You are confusing libertarianism with anarchism. Anarchists believe that government is evil and want it gone. Libertarians admit that government is evil but point out that it is a *necessary* evil and want it strictly limited to protecting the national borders and enforcing the property rights.
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:57:12
It isn't starting now - it is accelerating now. For the past few months, Greeks have been withdrawing cash from the banks at the rate of about halve a billion euros per day. The last week the rate increased to one billion per day.
@_date: 2015-06-26 11:26:56
How do you authenticate yourself to your smart phone that runs the app? What if you lose your phone? What if the attacker steals your phone? What if your phone gets infected with malware? How are man-in-the-middle attacks prevented?
@_date: 2015-06-27 21:30:06


It means that the citizens of the country with capital controls still have no legal way of evading the capital controls - bitcoin or no bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-29 14:18:31


WTF are you talking about?! First of all, I do not expect anyone to pay my taxes. (I do think that taxes ought to be much lower than they are now, but limiting government ought to achieve that.) Second, how the hell did taxes enter into the equation?! I thought we were discussing insider trading and why I, despite being a libertarian and an Austrian economist, agree that there should be a law against it.


Are you familiar with what logical thinking and staying on-topic is? (That was a rhetorical question.)
@_date: 2015-06-09 11:44:36
Bullshit. It didn't fleece anyone, except the fools who paid any real money for it. It had more fair distribution than Bitcoin. The premine was fairly distributed for free among all who were interested to get any and had an Icelandic social security number.
It failed for the same reason all other half-baked brain-dead ideas fail - there was no infrastructure to support it, no exchanges, no payment processors, no nuthin'. Basically, the creator said "here is a bunch of magic beans, use them as currency".
@_date: 2015-06-16 09:05:18


LOL, no. The host is in Iceland, the company is Italian.
@_date: 2015-06-29 15:28:38


No, it's the other way around. They won't switch to drachmas in order to get get rid of their euro debts. It's just that if they default on their euro debts (in order to get rid of the debt), the ECB will stop providing euro liquidity to the country via the ELA mechanism, so the government won't have money to pay anyone salaries and pensions (not to mention spend on other projects) because they can't print euros themselves. So, they will be *forced* to switch to a local currency (that they can print and devalue at will) if they default.
@_date: 2015-06-27 21:36:02
China is being accused of "currency manipulation" because they refuse to allow the US dollar to depreciate too fast relative to their currency. It's called "wants a stable currency". They did not "devalue into prosperity". They worked hard to produce products that were sought after on the international markets. That's where prosperity comes from - from working hard and producing useful stuff. Get a clue.
@_date: 2015-06-15 11:12:02


Yeah, the best time to panic is before everyone else. Why do you think the Greeks are taking their money from the bank deposits at the rate of half a billion per day?


Thank goodness, I *did* manage to get most of my money out of Iceland before the crisis hit - I saw which way the wind was blowing. The amount I currently have frozen there is relatively small (about $50k when received, probably worth about $10k by now; haven't bothered to check in the long time) and was received *after* the capital controls were already in place, so there was nothing I could do about it.
@_date: 2015-06-09 11:47:04
I think it is still legal to sell bitcoins mined in Iceland, since then no currency is leaving the country; usually quite the opposite. But it's generally a gray area, because, for instance, you could (theoretically) buy locally-mined bitcoins with Icelandic currency, transfer the bitcoins abroad (illegal, but unenforceable) and sell them for another currency. In order to avoid this, there is a very low limit on how much you can sell (even if they are locally mined and sold to a local), if I remember correctly.
BTW, in case you don't know, owning investment-grade gold is also illegal in Iceland - in fact, has been so for long before the economic collapse.
@_date: 2015-06-29 15:14:44
I've lived there for 10 years. Iceland has a small population (about 260k) and lots of weird things, so they hold a lot of world per capita records. There is even a joke there that Iceland holds the world record per capita of world records per capita. :-)
For instance, they also hold the world record (per capita, of course) of Coca Cola consumption.
@_date: 2015-06-30 18:53:06
I don't think you understand what a "store of value" is.
The US dollar has been trending up relative to gold for almost 4 years already - not just some miserable month. But that doesn't mean that the US dollar is a store of value.
A "store of value" is something that has more or less *stable* buying power (modulo some fluctuations, of course - everything fluctuates) for centuries and millennia. BTW, something that has a steadily *increasing* buying power is *not* a "store of value", either.
@_date: 2015-06-17 11:22:10
This video is just bullshit spin. Is there anywhere a good technical explanation of how the thing is actually supposed to work? I mean, it surely must prevent me from impersonating you by coming to your computer with my phone - so I guess the phone has to authenticate itself to the remote site first. What if the phone is infected with malware? What if your phone is lost? What if your phone is stolen - presumably, you have to authenticate yourself to the app running on the phone too?
@_date: 2015-06-17 11:50:24
Then it stands to reason that whoever withdraws funds from it pays the fund withdrawal fee, no?
@_date: 2015-06-17 10:44:18


It's a little bit more complicated than this. Capital controls, by themselves, do not result in money being taken from people's bank accounts. The fear here is that Greece will either do a Cyprus-style bail-in (where depositor money is used to rescue insolvent banks) or will abandon the euro and will switch to a local currency (a new drachma) which will be promptly devalued. These two actions result in people losing money - but they depend on the money being in the banks of the country that is performing them. In order to prevent people from moving their money out of the threatened banks (i.e., to another country), capital controls are established.


No, it is not, unless the government installing the capital controls is stupid and incompetent or people are willing to break the law *en masse*. Bitcoin won't let me bypass (at least not legally) the capital controls of Iceland and take my money from there.


That's true only about the Greek banks and who cares about them. Outside of Greece, the banks have already gotten rid of the Greek bonds, which by now are owned mostly by the ECB.
@_date: 2015-06-12 22:45:42
Let me guess - they use CloudFlare as a protection against DoS attacks? In default configuration CloudFlare filters out all Tor exit relays and serves them these annoying CAPTCHAs. It is, however, configurable - so tell the ShapeShift guys to disable this crap.
@_date: 2015-06-14 08:51:57
While technically true, you seem to be confusing compliance with the law with unlikeness of being caught breaking it.
The best course of action is to follow the law as strictly as possible and when in doubt to ask a competent person for advice about how to best follow it - not to invent complicated schemes for avoiding being caught when breaking it.
As somebody else pointed out, importing more than $10.000 in money-like instruments is *not* against the law. Only failure to declare them is.
@_date: 2015-06-17 10:34:19
Well, nobody can really forbid Greece to use euros. They don't have to ask for permission to continue to use the euro even if they leave the EU. Just like Ecuador is using US dollars and Zimbabwe is using various foreign currencies (dollars, euros, rands).
However, unless the Greek government has access to a printing press (i.e., introduces a currency they control), there is simply no way it could meet its various promises and obligations (at least nominally). That's why if the ECB stops sending euros to the Greek central bank via ELA, Greece will have to abandon the euro. Not because they want or because somebody is forbidding them to use it but because they have no other option.
@_date: 2015-06-29 15:53:58
The problem is that there is no good way to value Bitcoin. We can all agree that it has use value, since it can be used as a medium of exchange. But how much value exactly? By what criteria to value it?
With fiat money, you can value it depending on the economy of the country that stands behind it - productive power of the population, underground riches, that sort of thing. With Bitcoin, the value is whatever the buyer and the seller agree it is. You can't claim that it is "overvalued" or "undervalued" because there is nothing objectively measurable to measure it against.
You could use some back-of-the-envelope calculations, using the price of electricity needed to mine it, the volume of goods traded with it, etc. - but it's pretty unreliable.
That's why the price is so volatile - because it is set entirely by the speculators in a relatively thin market.
@_date: 2015-06-07 19:58:27
No, he isn't predicting a crash on that date. He claims that this date is an inflection point after which the sovereign debt crisis will start getting really bad. Emphasis on "start". He thinks that it will continue, in fits and starts till 2032, if I remember correctly.
Personally, I think that this is total bollocks but, hey, that's just my personal opinion.
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:46:28
Hm. I'm a libertarian and a fan of the Austrian school of economics but I am *not* opposed to the insider trading laws.
As an Austrian economist I believe in free markets - markets in which *all* market participants have the same rights and opportunities. If insider trading were permitted, clearly a subset of market participants - those with inside information - would be privileged and the market won't be free; it would be biased in their favor.
As a libertarian, I believe that one of the few legitimate uses of a government is to protect the property rights (the other is to protect the national borders). If people with insider information can take advantage of me in the market, then clearly my property rights are violated; I'd like the government to put a stop to that.
@_date: 2015-06-14 08:44:18


Totally disagree, the least you break the law - the better. I guess we'll have to agree to disagree, then.


I already did:


@_date: 2015-06-13 21:47:50
I meant that Bitcoin undoubtedly qualifies as a "money-like instrument". It is legally a property in the USA, according to the IRS, and there  have been cases of similar property being confiscated by the customs (because it was not declared) - jewelry, numismatic coins, etc.
You do have a point that you aren't really carrying bitcoins across the border - only the means to access them. But do you *really* want to become a test case and risk losing your bitcoins? It is better to err on the side of safety and to declare them.
Anyway, the original question was about civil forfeiture, not about border crossing. And the answer to that question is that while bitcoins are certainly more difficult to recognize as valuable property (at least for now), they definitely can be seized and there have been cases (well, I know of at least one) when a Bitcoin wallet has been seized.
@_date: 2015-06-02 14:31:43
Isn't that an unfortunate choice of name? A key property of the Borromean chains (of which the typical Borromean rings are a particular case of a cyclical chain containing only 3 links) is that once a single link is broken, the whole chain falls apart into separate, unconnected links. A "normal" chain (like the ones used in practice) breaks into 2 multi-link parts when a single link is broken; a Borromean chain *totally* falls apart when a single link is broken. Somehow the phrase "Borromean chain" doesn't associate with "security".
@_date: 2015-06-27 22:26:04
You might want to read up on the definitions of "hard peg" and "soft peg".
@_date: 2015-06-17 10:52:48
And they usually get the first part wrong.
@_date: 2015-06-09 11:37:29
So, the Icelandic government is considering returning me the money they stole from me years ago, while denying me interest, incurring me opportunity costs, and devaluing it into oblivion via inflation? All this for the "modest" price of stealing 39% of the little that is left of it (which was already fully taxed income, mind) with no recourse for me of getting that part back, ever? How generous of them!
Fuck them. Fuck all governments and their thieving schemes.
@_date: 2015-06-14 09:22:18
How many questions are there? I answered almost instantly and got the right answer every single time - but I am not a native English speaker and it took me time to read and understand all the texts (of the question and the answers), so I could get only 13 questions for the allotted time. You need to shorten the texts or increase the time, otherwise the test is biased against people who are not native English speakers (or are, but have reading comprehension problems).
@_date: 2015-06-14 21:17:10


Isn't this the expected future anyway? I mean, the block reward will eventually drop to zero. So, the only way to fiance the transaction processing would be the transaction fees. Even Satoshi himself wrote so.
Anyway, I was referring to his arguments that we should make it easy for the free market to find the optimal solution, instead of imposing arbitrary quotas.
@_date: 2015-06-16 09:08:59
"Never believe anything until it is officially denied."
@_date: 2015-06-27 21:28:34
China isn't devaluing its currency any faster than the USA - China has a soft peg of its currency to the US dollar.
@_date: 2015-06-08 07:02:45
He doesn't believe in hyperinflation of the dollar, if I remember correctly. Also, "start" is a very ambiguous term. He is basically avoiding a hard, date-linked prediction of a specific event. One could argue that the world economy "started" unraveling in 2008, or maybe in 2000, when the tech bubble popped, or maybe even in 1971, when the USA defaulted on its gold obligations. From a certain point of view, regardless of which of these years you pick, the things have been going downhill ever since. I'm sure one could pick even earlier dates, going back to the time when Lincoln was president, if necessary.
Basically, Armstrong is a charlatan. Like any good charlatan, he often says things that are perfectly true. But every now and then he makes claims that are total nonsense, has posted as true stories things that have long been debunked as Internet hoaxes, can't even get a Cicero quote right (yet fancies himself a connoisseur of history) and so on and so on. Even if we set aside his statements on economic matters (after all, I am only an informed amateur in economics, so it is always possible that I am wrong and he is right), he often says things that are total, utter nonsense in fields in which I *am* a professional (computer security, artificial intelligence, etc.).
His writings are amusing to read (if you can get past the horrible spelling and grammatical errors) but always take them with a ton of salt.
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:14:58
Because if Greece defaults, people will start asking themselves who is next - Italy? France? Spain? Portugal? They aren't much better than Greece, debt-wise. The Greek economy itself doesn't matter to the EU - what matters is the consequences of showing that EU members can default and leave.
@_date: 2015-06-14 08:41:37
No. In some cases it is even subject to import duties. [Source](
@_date: 2015-06-26 21:41:47


How exactly does that prevent MitM attacks? The scenario I'm thinking of was this - the attacker monitors the connection, grabs your reply and sends it to the site *faster* than you can (e.g., because she uses a better connection).
Or, even simpler, the attacker creates a spoofing site and incites the victim to use it. The attacker gets the challenge from the legitimate site and presents it to the victim. The victim replies with the proper response. Normally, that response wouldn't result in a successful login to the attacker's site (if it were legitimate), because the URL is different. But the site is under the control of the attacker. The attacker simulates a successful login and uses the response sent by the victim to log in to the legitimate site *as the victim*.
@_date: 2015-06-23 16:12:51
In short - no. The most undervalued asset ever is the Cyprus stock market.
When the market was down by 90% from the 2007 high, it fell by another 50% at which point it was down 95% from the high. Thereafter, it fell by another 50%, ending down 97.5% from the high. Then it fell by another 50%, at which point it was down 98.75% from the high. Then it fell by 50% again and was down 99.375%. It then fell by yet another 50%, landing at 99.6875% down from its 2007 high. Unfortunately, the low was still not quite in yet at that juncture. The final decline was punctuated by a one day crash of 86% in late 2013. What has so far been the low point was recorded in the wake of this – down 99.761% from the 2007 peak.
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:22:09
That's why the Greeks are taking the smart way of avoiding *both* risks - no money in Bitcoin and no money in Greek banks. :-)
@_date: 2015-06-07 19:23:44
[The awful German language](
Better attempt at translation:
"Good day,
Thank you very much for your message. It is indeed true that since a couple of days it has become no longer possible to pay with Bitcoins, because since a couple of days Lieferservice has been redirecting directly to Lieferando. Since you are not the only customer who has mentioned this to us, the corresponding department is already informed on this subject. Unfortunately, we cannot tell you whether and when the capability to pay with Bitcoins through our portal will become possible again.
Friendly greetings,"
@_date: 2015-06-07 20:13:21
Long time ago people used to e-mail each other cool screensavers, so blocking scr files by default was deemed too disruptive. (All the screen savers on your Windows computer are scr files - essentially EXE files with a different extension.)
But it depends on the setup, really. Most enterprise-level e-mail security products would let you define a policy of what to allow and what not to allow. For instance, Gmail won't let you include *any* executable file as an attachment. It will even reject executable files sent in password-protected archives.
@_date: 2015-06-14 09:36:40
Why comedy? While there are a few technical mistakes as far as Bitcoin and its history are concerned, the economic arguments are right on the money!
@_date: 2015-06-16 09:09:31
Greece introduced a 75 euros limit on cash payments.
@_date: 2015-06-13 18:40:47
Here is a free English lesson - correcting at least some of the mistakes in your message. "Some", because I am not a native English speaker myself, so I might have not caught all of them and the grammar explanations might not be sufficiently complete and correct.


You have correctly used the continuous form of the verb "to look", since you are still in the process of performing that action. However, this form requires the additional use of the verb "to be", which must be in first person singular form, i.e., "am". Therefore, the correct expression is "I am looking".


Since "enthusiasts" is third-person plural ("they"), you need to use the corresponding verb form, which is "want" (without the "s"). Third person singular (he/she/it) wants, everybody else want.
Also, while using the verb "want" is grammatically correct here, it is usually used to indicate a rather immediate and urgent need ("I want it now!"). Since you are essentially requesting something, it would be more polite to use "would like" instead. That's true even in Russian, I think.


This is useless (even in Russian, although a bit less so) since you are not specifying anything else that you would like to happen later.


Since you are speaking in first person singular ("I"), you have to use the corresponding verb form, which is "want" (without the "s", see above). Also, proper English requires that "I" is capitalized, although on the Internet many people don't bother doing it.


You don't "up" your command of a language; you "improve" it. Also, language names should be capitalized.


This phrase is used when you want to indicate that you want to perform some kind of activity with somebody else as a company. Like, "I want to go sailing with a beautiful girl". Since in this case you are looking for a native English speaker to perform some action on you (namely, to improve your English), as opposed to just hanging around for company, it would be better to use the phrase "because I would like him (or her) to improve my English".


Unlike Russian, English has several words that have this meaning - "also", "too", "as well", "both", etc. Which one you need depends on the context but your choice here doesn't strike me as the most correct one. (I have a problem with that too, since in my language we use one and the same word too.) The whole sentence is better written as "This is because I would like a native English speaker to help me improve both my spoken and my written command of the English language".


1. "I" must be capitalized.
2. The continuous form of "look" requires the verb "to be".
3. Since you are asking a question (as opposed to making a statement), the "to be" verb must precede the "look" verb.
So, the correct phrase is "Why am I looking".


The present tense ("become") is not appropriate here. Either "bitcoin has become" if the act has already been performed, or "bitcoin is becoming", if the act is still continuing with no end in sight.


A point of contact is the area where one object touches another. In this case you probably mean that it might be a good topic for conversation.


This phrase is missing the modal verb "to be". Since it is in second person singular, the proper form is "are". Thus, "If you are interested".


In what? You don't leave sentences hanging like that, even if you just explained it above. So, you need "in doing this" or something in that aspect.
Oh, well. At least it's not [Latin](
@_date: 2014-12-24 09:12:59
Sadly, real money no longer exists. You got the properties wrong, BTW. Here are the original properties:
1) Money is a medium of exchange. Both Bitcoin and the fiat currencies have this property. Gold, however, no longer has it.
2) Money is a unit of account. That it, you use it to account for what you owe and own in your business books, you use it to pay debts and taxes. The various fiat currencies have this property. Bitcoin and gold do not.
3) Money is a store of value. That is, its buying power is relatively stable over time. Gold has this property. Neither Bitcoin, nor the various fiat currencies have it.
Long time ago, when gold was a medium of exchange and you settled your debts in gold and conducted your business books in gold, that was real money. Nowadays, nothing exists that has all the 3 properties.
@_date: 2015-06-15 16:32:49
Currently the speed of the Bitcoin protocol is averagely around 2.8 transactions per second, due the block size limit. There are 60 * 60 * 24 = 86,400 seconds in a day. That means that the limit is around 241,920 Bitcoin transactions per day. There are around 10.8 million people in Greece. If the whole world stops using Bitcoin and only Greece transacts in it, that would mean that the average Greek will be able to perform roughly 1 transaction every 44-45 days or so.
Somehow I don't think that the current state of the Bitcoin protocol is suitable for everyday exchanges in a country the size of Greece. Perhaps for a country the size of Liberland, or some day when sidechains or lighting networks or whatever are in widespread use - but not Greece, not Bitcoin, and not now.
@_date: 2014-12-11 10:59:06
Define "fail".
For all practical purposes, gold as "failed" as money - practically nobody uses it as a medium of exchange or a unit of account. That doesn't prevent millions of goldbugs from having faith in it and accumulating it and it doesn't prevent central banks from keeping part of their reserves in it.
Compared to widespread currencies, Bitcoin transactions are so small as to be nearly non-existent. Their numbers can fall several orders of magnitude, if the majority of people currently using Bitcoin lose faith in it for some reason - technological, economical or psychological. Would that qualify as "fail"? I guarantee you that at least some people will still hoard or use their Bitcoins even in such circumstances.
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:55:02
The site bitmessages.org uses a digital certificate meant for the site groundhourly.com. Either the admin of bitmessages.org is dumb as a rock, or his site has been hacked, or it is a malicious site to begin with (and sloppily made, too).
Just don't go there.
@_date: 2014-12-14 18:15:18
I've tried unseen.is. It's not a scam but it sucks. Tech support is non-existent (they took 2 months discussing my problem - inability to import a PGP public key - and couldn't solve it, so I left), I don't like the user interface, and the documentation of their crypto is somewhat lacking.
I don't think that they are using Bitcoin, though. They were planning to use some altcoin - Goldbits or something like that.
@_date: 2014-11-22 10:52:05
It *is* legitimate - I've examined the source and I am a pro (real name is Vesselin Bontchev, Google me).
However, it is also crap. It tries to detect only two commercial spyware products that are known to have been used by governments (FinnFisher and RCS Scout) and it does it in a rather naive way. By now there are probably already new versions of these products that it won't detect. Not to mention the dozens of other such products that it doesn't even try to detect.
Whoever the author of this crap is (some Claudio Guarnieri), should really stick to stuff he knows something about and leave the malware detection stuff to the pros.
If your work is such that you could lose your life if a hostile government spies on your computer and you rely on this tool, I suggest that you change your job immediately.
@_date: 2014-11-24 09:51:56
Here is an article that makes pretty much the same points that I do, albeit in a more polite way (diplomacy has never been my strong suit, in case you haven't noticed):
Although I don't like their self-advertisement at the end (G-DATA is an anti-virus company), they are perfectly right that any reasonably good anti-virus product offers orders of magnitude better protection than this thing we are discussing. Which is, of course, still not enough to achieve *adequate* protection from government spyware, so don't even dream that installing an AV product would be enough.
@_date: 2014-11-13 10:42:29
I've read Pustogarov et. al. paper and I disagree that this was the attack used.
First of all, it's an attack on Bitcoin anonymity, not on Tor. It basically lets you find with a high probability the IP addresses of the computers transacting in Bitcoin.
Tor would normally prevent that, so the attack relies on using the denial-of-service protection abilities of the Bitcoin network to ban Tor exit nodes from sending Bitcoin transactions to it. While this is certainly possible, it would have been also easily discoverable by examining the logs of the Tor exit nodes.
Besides, if this was the attack used, many more illegal sites would have been taken down.
In my personal opinion, the attackers used some vulnerability in the electronic shop software used by the dark markets involved - something which allowed to locate their ISPs with a large degree of confidence and then the ISPs were forced to cooperate in pinpointing them and taking them down. But that's just speculation from my part.
@_date: 2014-12-23 10:35:26
If capital controls have been installed, Bitcoin won't be a solution. Not a legal one, anyway.
I have some funds frozen in Iceland (who still has capital controls installed after the crash). I've looked into Bitcoin, of course. No can do. Bitcoin trading is forbidden there. A possible exception is bitcoins you have mined yourself. There are a few sellers on localbitcoins, of course, but they offer only minuscule amounts and are probably skirting the law - and I refuse to participate in anything illegal, no matter how stupid the law is.
@_date: 2014-11-18 10:34:02
A man needs a beautiful, an intelligent and a caring girlfriend. But above anything else, a man needs to make sure that the three of them never meet each other.
@_date: 2014-11-23 09:52:40
They aren't "wrong"; they are from a different (and earlier) survey. And I did qualify my answer with "it depends who you ask".
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:00:32
Yep, this is the main "problem". I've put the word "problem" in quotes, because what follows from it looks pretty desirable to me but is generally perceived as a problem by the contemporary economists.
If the SNB is not allowed to sell its gold reserves, it means that it will not be able to reduce the size of its balance sheet after expanding it (e.g., as a result of a crisis). With time, most of its assets will consist of unsellable gold and the Swiss Franc will essentially become 100% gold-backed.
@_date: 2014-12-31 00:10:52


Bullshit. When I buy US dollars, do I have a claim to the long-term cash flow in the form of share appreciation of the businesses that use US dollars? Of course not. Unless I buy shares of these businesses, I own nothing but pieces of paper. Not an investment. It might turn out to be a great speculation, if the US dollar appreciates relative to my currency, but it's not an investment. No cash flows.


Bullshit. There is no such conglomerate (I bet you don't even know what that word means). There are different businesses, with different business models, with different profits (some of them - none). Not one of them comes close to AmEx.


It is perfectly apropros, demonstrating why an investor (like Buffett) would invest in AmEx and not, for instance, in Coinbase or Facebook.


And this is part of the problem. They might not even be around three years from now. Mt. Gox, anyone?


I said, "on the *stock* market". So that I can buy shares in them. In order to invest in them, you know. As an investor, I am not interested in currency speculation. You clearly cannot make the difference between the two - that's why you keep misunderstanding what Buffett is saying.


Safety. It is regulated and less likely to be a scam than a company that used to be trading collectibles till recently.


I wouldn't. That would have been a speculation, not an investment.


OK, I can go with such a definition.


Bitcoin has *no cash flow* and *no profits*. It is not an investment. And neither is gold, BTW - which is why Buffett doesn't "invest" in it, either. Only businesses have that. And currently no business involved in the Bitcoin sphere comes anywhere close to the long, steady and steadily increasing profits that Buffett likes. I don't think that he invests in Microsoft, either. But at least it is possible to invest in Microsoft. It is not possible to invest in Bitcoin - not any more than in US dollars or in gold or in coffee beans. You can trade them, you can speculate in them, you can hoard them - but you cannot *invest* in them.


Speculation isn't "just a bet". It, too, relies on making informed decisions that tell you how likely it is that the price of the thing you are speculating in is to move in the direction desired by you. But it is still not investing, because you are not buying a claim on a business' long-term cash flows.
@_date: 2014-12-13 12:13:30
Is that the complete paper of just an outline? You might want to proof-read it, BTW; I spotted at least one type while browsing it ("is know" should be "is known"). Some remarks:
1) Do not talk about "viruses" and "worms". The paper discusses a communication channel for command and control; you don't need self-replication for that. Besides, most self-replicating malware (i.e., viruses) doesn't use (or need) C&amp;C communications. Talk about "malware" in general. You seem to mean mostly botnets anyway.
2) As you note yourself in the paper, peer-to-peer C&amp;C channels for malware already exist. You really should expand more on that. In particular, I don't see how a blockchain-based C&amp;C communication (no matter whether the blockchain used by Bitcoin or any other blockain) is any better than the standard P2P model. After all, cryptocurrencies mostly use the P2P payment model anyway.
3) Since the blockchain is public and most malware controllers do not want the commands they relay to their botnet to be publicly visible, you should write something that the information committed to the blockchain can (and should) be encrypted. Problem is, I don't see how this can be done in practice. OK, when the bot communicates with the controller, the information it sends can be encrypted, so that only the owner of the botnet can read it. But the commands sent by the owner to the botnet must be readable by the bots - and if they are encrypted with the public key of the bot, the bot will have to contain the secret key, which can be extracted by analyzing the bot, thus making the commands readable by anyone.
@_date: 2014-12-12 22:10:48


No, it is a concern of everyone using over-the-web payments. It is not specific to Bitcoin. The on-line fiat banking has exactly the same problem - if you do it on a compromised machine, there is no way in hell to ensure that your transactions aren't being highjacked. Some banks claim to "solve" the problem with two-factor-authentication - I just explained you how malware bypasses that. You claim to solve it with your product - I just explained you how malware can bypass that.
The point is - you cannot trust the compromised machine. You cannot trust it to tell you the truth and you cannot trust it to relay truthfully your instructions. I haven't examined this BIP70 thingy in detail, but suspect that it will fail, too. If necessary, the malware will change what you see on the screen - including site name, URL, certificate information, result of certificate verification - anything necessary. If, at any point, you decide to trust anything the compromised machine is telling you, you are screwed. It doesn't matter whether you try to encrypt the session in the browser, or establish some kind of additional encrypted channel over that. At some point you'll see something on the screen and will enter something from the keyboard. If the machine is compromised and you choose to believe that - you are screwed.
Unless you invent a protocol that encrypts and authenticates the information transfer from the merchant site to the user's brain, bypassing the potentially compromised machine completely, you cannot solve this problem, no matter how clever you try to be.
You cannot trust the compromised machine - period.
Some banks try to resolve this problem by using a side channel - e.g., you get additional information regarding your transaction through a channel that is not your potentially compromised machine - like a smartphone, for instance. Which has simply led to malware infecting smartphones, in order to cover this channel, too.
Look, I've been in this business for quarter of a century already. I've seen it all. The criminals win every time - because the human is the weakest link, no matter how clever technology tries to be. Nerds invented encryption - criminals didn't bother breaking encryption and invented password stealing. Nerds invented two-factor-authentication - criminals invented man-in-the-browser attacks. Nerds will invent something even more sophisticated - and the criminals will bypass that too.
@_date: 2014-12-14 11:59:10
The "deflation is bad" crowd ignores the concept of *time preference*. Yes, in a deflationary environment you would save your money to buy a house instead of buying a house on credit. If you could. And where would you live until you save the necessary amount of money? Under a bridge?
Look at the computer industry. Falling prices there are so prevalent that they outpace government-created inflation. Does this mean that people don't buy computers because they would be able to buy them cheaper (or buy better ones for the same price) several years down the road? No. People will always buy what they need.
The producers, on the other hand, make money from the difference between the cost of production and the price of the end product, so they will always thrive, as long as both move equally in some direction - no matter whether this is up, down or sideways.
Deflation is bad only when it runs out of control - the so-called deflationary spiral of self-enforcing deflation. But that's even rarer than hyperinflations.
@_date: 2014-12-18 09:15:47


Well, what would he have done if he had a disk crash instead? Remember, the question with hard disks is not whether they will crash - the question is when they will do so.
I have worked in a company with 15 employees - and we had daily off-site backups of this stuff. That is, the accountant would make a daily backup at the end of the day and would drop it in a safe deposit box in the bank on her way to home when the day was over.
Anyway, I wish you luck. It really depends on which particular ransomware encrypted your stuff. In some cases its author is sloppy and you can recover the key if you have an exact backup of the unencrypted version of an encrypted file. Then the encryption key can be recovered by comparing the two files - because, let's face it, the malware authors aren't really crypto experts and it's easy to screw up when implementing a stream cypher. But you are usually given a deadline (72 hours?) to pay the ransom, so my advice probably comes too late.
@_date: 2014-12-25 17:55:26
He's an investor. He doesn't like anything that doesn't have a cash flow, because he doesn't know how to value it. This includes Bitcoin and gold - but note that he isn't advising people to "invest" in fiat currencies, either - and for a similar reason.
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:17:00
Depends who you ask, but the sides are split relatively evenly. 29% yes, 16% probably yes, 11% probably no, 28% no, 16% undecided.
In practice, of course, a "yes" result has about the same chances as in the Scottish independence referendum - i.e., slightly lower than that of a snowball in hell. Too many special interests are involved to let the plebs have what they want.
@_date: 2014-12-30 23:40:52
Take a look at coinbox.me. They claim to provide a solution for this kind of problem. Many faucets use it to pay the dust they give away.
@_date: 2014-12-30 09:41:31
"Months"? LOL. Pegs can work for *decades* and still collapse.
What do you mean by "no risk of a Counterparty"?? *Where* is the risk offloaded? To Mars? Or do you mean that there is not a risk of *one* counterparty (like one single company) but instead a set of risks to multiple counterparties? And that makes it different just how?
What if all the people who have taken the other side of your BitUSD trade get spooked that the peg is falling and try to cut their losses - simultaneously?
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:14:21
You have to define the term "backed" first.
If you believe in the labor theory of value (which I believe is false, but your father might, if he's a Marxist or at least a liberal), you can say that Bitcoin is "backed" by the value of the electricity necessary to mine it.
The US government says that the US dollar is "backed by the full faith and credit of the US government" - but how do you put a monetary value on that? I, for one, have zero faith in the US government and it is 18-200 trillions down the hole (depending on how you count them), so what "credit" are we talking about?!
A goldbug might tell you that Bitcoin doesn't have "intrinsic value", unlike gold - but I believe that this is nonsense, because value is subjective and cannot be "intrinsic" to anything.
A fiat currency is "backed" by the power of the government issuing it to coerce (by the use of threat of use of violence) others to use it. Or by the power of the government to extract it from its subjects via taxation and inflation. So, if this is your definition of "backed", Bitcoin isn't backed by anything.
Basically, the only reason why Bitcoin has value is because people exist who believe that it is valuable. This belief might be based on utility, or on speculation, or on religious beliefs, or on anything else - and the number of believers and the "firmness" of their belief can change with time, which is why the exchange rate of Bitcoin with other things (fiat currencies, for instance) fluctuates (often wildly). These beliefs might be even completely wrong - but it doesn't matter; as long as these beliefs exist, Bitcoin will have (some) value for these people.
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:13:33
Wake me up when processing Bitcoin payments starts generating as much profit for the processor as AmEx gets.
@_date: 2014-11-22 18:22:08
I agree with many of the things you wrote. Jitsi, Pidgin/OTR, etc., are too complex and not as accessible to the average user as Skype. Also, I agree that Tox has a long way to go.
For now, though, the person who wrote "Skype replacement, lol" is 100% correct. Currently, Tox is nowhere close to Skype with the stuff that really matters - quality, features, etc. Hopefully, that will change. I would love to see a good, open source, p2p chat/voice/video messenger that sports strong end-to-end encryption and is usable by the masses. For now, however, Tox just isn't it. I wish its authors good luck and hope that they will eventually succeed.
@_date: 2014-11-27 10:21:17
You clearly haven't read the paper. It is trivial to make the Bitcoin network ban all Tor exit relays.
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:32:39
You really ought to elaborate more on this subject... How is p2p-communicating malware vulnerable? I know that we have a hell of a trouble shutting down botnets that use p2p communication. We can sometimes sinkhole them but this is efficient only in rare cases and most of the time is just a whack-a-mole game; the botnets keep re-appearing.
The blockchain is "more robust" mostly in the sense that it provides significant utility and destroying it (or even attempting to destroy it) is out of question. There is real money involved. Everybody who owns Bitcoins will scream bloody murder if we do something that prevents them from accessing their Bitcoins - while telling someone that their computers are part of a botnet is met with indifference most of the time and even if we deny them Internet access and point them to a generic Web page describing the problem, they will just grumble, reformat and re-install.
@_date: 2014-12-30 09:00:29
Your whole logic is just wrong.
First of all, let me note that the price of a good depends on the dynamic balance between four things:
1) Supply of that good.
2) Demand for that good.
3) Supply of money.
4) Demand to hold money.
Note that the production costs for producing the good do not enter the equation directly except in the sense that they affect 1). The price of Bitcoin is set by the free market, balancing these 4 factors. Halving the difficulty would decrease the inflation rate of Bitcoin but might not be sufficient, by itself, to drive the price up (let alone double it), depending on how the other 3 factors change.
Regarding the miners, they are businesses. They do what they do for a profit. It doesn't matter whether the profit is high or low (that's a personal decision for every particular business) - what matters is that no business would do something at a loss for a reasonable length of time. If the cost of producing bitcoins increases above their market price, one of the following will happen:
1) The miners will reduce costs (either by finding a cheaper energy source or by switching to a more energy-efficient hardware).
2) The miners will stop mining bitcoins (they might switch to mining some other cryptocurrency or stop mining altogether).
3) The miners will demand transaction fees that compensate them sufficiently to make at least a small profit.
4) The miners will go bankrupt.
Postulating that the miners will stat buying Bitcoin instead is simply preposterous. Why would they do that?! They already have more bitcoins than they could sell for a profit. Why exacerbating their losses by buying more of a losing asset?
None of the above is likely to have any *significant* impact on the Bitcoin price. Miners going out of business would reduce the supply increase further, but could also reduce demand, as confirming transactions takes longer and/or costs more.
@_date: 2014-12-14 12:45:44
1) LOL, so shortsighted. And when the other end of the transaction uses the money on a good/service, does the money disappear? No, it goes into custody of the provider of that good/service, thus contributing to the money supply exactly as if it had stayed in the bank to begin with. The velocity of money has no impact on the money supply. It *can* have an impact on prices, though, which are also impacted by the money supply, which might be the source of your confusion.
2) When you deposit your money in a bank, you surrender your custody of them. Effectively, you lend them to the bank and become an unsecured creditor of that bank. The bank then uses this money as a fractional reserve to make loans 10 times increasing it. There is absolutely no reason why exactly the same scam cannot be performed with Bitcoin. Yes, the bank has the contractual obligation to return you the amount of money you have deposited (lent to it) - after some time and with some interest, depending on the terms of the contract. But it has absolutely no obligation to return you the very same banknotes you deposited. Similarly, it will have no obligation to return exactly the same Bitcoins you deposited - only the same amount of Bitcoins, possibly with interest.
@_date: 2014-12-28 21:39:12
1) and 2) are not flaws of the gold standard; they are flaws of the governments.
3) Well, I've seen many more stories about lost and stolen bitcoins than about lost and stolen gold.
There are many different ways to implement a gold standard, BTW. They have different advantages and disadvantages.
My favorite is a pure gold standard. The currency should be weights of gold (e.g., gold grams) and not some artificial name declared to be convertible to gold.
Another way is to have a gold-redeemable currency, like the US dollar used to be. That is, you don't use gold as a medium of exchange - you don't hand gold around. You use banknotes. It's just that you can go to the central bank at any time you wish and exchange your banknotes for gold coins.
A third way is to implement it as a currency board - basically, peg the currency to the market price of gold without allowing it to be freely redeemed.
However, no sane contemporary government would ever voluntarily accept a deflationary currency - be it gold or Bitcoin or whatever.
@_date: 2014-12-31 09:34:02
Learn to read some time. I didn't say that the price cannot go up. I said that the price will not double due to the halving of the reward. I also said that no matter what the price does, we won't be able to tell whether it is the result of halving the reward or anything else, so this is a pointless discussion.
Did the price drop *because* Microsoft started accepting Bitcoin? We cannot tell.
TL;DR - set yourself a reminder for the date when the reward is scheduled to halve and check the price of Bitcoin then.
@_date: 2014-12-30 09:54:32
Bullshit. Investment is a claim on a long-term cash flow that is ultimately passed to the investor - either in the form of dividends, or in the form of share appreciation as the business grows. Nothing more, nothing less.
In order to invest in some business, it must be a *business* first (i.e., not just a brilliant idea or a charity) and, second, it must generate profits. Not just revenues - *profits*. Anything else is speculation. Speculation that the unwashed masses will grasp the brilliant idea, speculation that the company will eventually start making profits some day, whatever.
Point me to *one* Bitcoin-related business that a) is indeed a business and not just a wide-eyed entrepreneur with a web site, b) generates profits (not revenues - profits!) that are as large and as steady (and steadily increasing) as those of AmEx and c) trades publicly on the stock market and I'll be interested in investing in it.
Until then I, as an investor, will stay away from it. Not that Bitcoin isn't a brilliant idea that probably has a bright future. It just isn't anything an investor worth of such a name would be willing to invest in. Like most novel things it's great for speculation, though.
@_date: 2014-12-03 11:16:26
It's not exactly the sites' fault; it is one moronic carrier (cloudflare) who is causing the trouble.
But I had the impression that Bitcoin over Tor wasn't a good idea?
@_date: 2014-12-30 23:29:15
The problem is that the color metaphor is plain **wrong**.
Using colors, it is *trivial* for Eve to obtain the key. All she has to do is mix together the publicly exchanged colors:
Alice sends yellow and yellow+blue, receives yellow+red, mixes blue and yellow+red and obtains blue+yellow+red, which is the key.
Bob sends yellow and yellow+red, receives yellow+blue, mixes red and yellow+blue and obtains red+yellow+blue, which is the key.
Eve sees yellow, yellow+blue and yellow+red being sent in the clear, mixes them together and gets yellow+blue+yellow+red, which (in the color universe) is the same as yellow+blue+red, which is the key.
This doesn't work in mathematics, because the equivalent of yellow+blue+yellow+red and yellow+blue+red are two different things. But a person who doesn't know the mathematics behind Diffie-Hellman is left bewildered by your stupid color analogy regarding how the hell is this thing supposed to work!
@_date: 2014-12-29 10:54:14
You are confusing investing with speculation. I don't care about speculative gains of 1000% because the currency appreciated or the share price of some non-revenue dotcom went to the moon or whatever. As an investor (and Buffett is an investor), I care about steady profits from the company I invest in.
It's not "too late" for AmEx, or he wouldn't be invested in it. As I said, when a Bitcoin-related business (a real business, not the currency itself) starts generating steady profits like AmEx does - *then* I'll be interested in investing in it, provided that the share price offers an attractive valuation.
@_date: 2014-12-09 11:11:36
Many of the flaws cannot be fixed while keeping the essence of Bitcoin - you'd have to create a completely different cryptocurrency, but Bitcoin already has huge advantage due to the networking effect.
Some particular flaws:
1) Blockchain bloat. Imagine if Bitcoin was really mainstream and we had trillions of transactions per day. All of them being piled on the blockchain and staying there forever. Sidechains somewhat alleviate this issue but cannot solve it completely.
2) Too long confirmation times. Can't solve that without changing the crypto algorithms used. Your only alternative is simply to take a risk and sell the product without enough confirmations - i.e., sell only stuff you can afford to lose. But ask yourself - as a seller, are you willing to sell even a cup of coffee and run the risk of not being paid? Or, as a buyer, are you willing to wait 5 min for a cup of coffee while your transaction confirms?
3) No real anonymity. Bitcoin isn't as anonymous as cash. Things can be improved by using coin mixers but can never be solved completely. You can't make Bitcoin a truly anonymous currency without changing the underlying crypto and the result won't be Bitcoin any more.
4) Too anonymous and scammer-friendly. Yes, cash can be (and is) used for criminal activities too (and is more anonymous than Bitcoin) - but you can't send large amounts of cash by e-mail. Anonymous money transactions facilitate criminal activities. Bitcoin makes anonymous money transactions *easy*. This is an ideological issue, really. How much freedom do you really want? Just remember that it will be freedom for *everyone* - not only for you but also for the criminals.
5) No customer protection. It's exactly the opposite of credit cards that have plenty of customer protection but nearly no seller protection. Saying "you are in charge of your own money" is fine - but people do make mistakes and scammer sellers do exist. You can alleviate this problem with multi-sigs, escrow and so on but we aren't there yet. This is again a somewhat ideological issue. You can either be in full control of your own money, or you can have customer protection to protect you from your own stupidity. You can't have both. What I am saying here is that people are different - some will want one, others will want the other. You can't have a one-size-fits-all solution; it's impossible in principle.
6) Somewhat dodgy crypto. Why the secp256k1 curve?! Has any real, professional cryptographer looked into that really hard? I don't like ECC to begin with, but surely there are better curves? In any case, you can't change that without a hard fork.
7) Deflationary currency. (This is not a current problem; for now the currency is still being inflated. But it will become a problem once most bitcoins have been mined.) A deflationary currency stimulates hoarding. This doesn't mean that Bitcoin won't be used at all (people will still have to spend it on things they really need) but it will be spent less than a currency with constant purchasing power (and the only way to achieve that would be a currency, the supply of which changes with the population and productivity growth - but not faster). This means that lending will be discouraged and less profitable, which will reduce the availability of credit. The only way to "resolve" this issue is to stop using Bitcoin as currency (i.e., as a medium of exchange) and use it only as a payment method (i.e., as a *method* for money transfer).
These are fundamental problems. Everything else (difficult to use, etc.) are just teething problems that will be resolved with time; they aren't important.
@_date: 2014-12-11 11:37:29
Bullshit. Inflation is the increase of money supply relative to the available pool of goods and services. This chart shows one of the *symptoms* of inflation, namely price increase of *some* goods and services. The chart doesn't show "a specific sector having rapidly rising costs that outpace inflation" - it shows how inflation causes rapidly rising costs in some sectors (more so than in others). The chart shows the price of education and the CPI - but the CPI is not "inflation" is a meaningless collection of manipulated and massaged numbers that purports to measure what does not exist and cannot be measured (the "general price level").


Bullshit. Inflation is the relative increase of the money supply. If the demand for money does not increase correspondingly, it results in the currency losing purchasing power. That, in the long run, tends to result in price increases in some sectors. News flash: it is *impossible* to predict in advance the timing, the magnitude and the location of these price increases.
Fed-created inflation has debased the US dollar and has resulted in price increases in some sectors like education, financial assets, food and energy - but not in others or not at the same rate in others, precisely as predicted by sound economic theory.
@_date: 2014-12-09 21:03:42
Took me exactly 5 min of googling to find a professional cryptographer who disagrees with you:
Personally, I don't think that using r1 is a better idea, though. There are better ones, in terms of security I mean.
@_date: 2014-12-12 10:09:23
Good analogy with the two-factor authentication used by many banks. What most people don't know, however, is how vulnerable it is to malware. There are several different approaches malware can (and does) go around it.


Oh, it can do a lot of things. In the case of two-factor authentication used by the banks, it can try to highjack the second factor. Like, if you are sent a one-time password by SMS, the malware could infect your smartphone and monitor the SMS messages you receive.
But there is a more elegant approach, the equivalent of which would work here too. Basically, the malware doesn't care what your password (or other authentication method) is. It sits in the browser and waits for you to authenticate the session. Once this is done, it monitors the (already authenticated) session and changes the data. Like, you log in to your e-banking site (using whatever secure means you want) and instruct it to send $100 to Bob. The malware in the browser intercepts that (since it is in the browser, it can see the normally encrypted HTTPS session in the clear) and changes the transaction to say "send $1000 to Alice". It can even intercept the response from the e-banking site and modify it in such a way that it looks as if you have just made a transfer of $100 to Bob and your account has $100 less - while in reality the site is trying to tell you that you have just made a transfer to Alice and your account is $1000 less.
This is not a hypothetical attack - many malicious programs do exist that do just that.
The same kind of trick would work against this device too. Sit in the browser, wait until the user connects securely to the device and initiates a payment to someone's public key. Then change the payment on-the fly to send a different amount of Bitcoins to a different public key (i.e., Bitcoin address) - one controlled by the attacker.
It is a shame that the people who develop security products often have very little knowledge of malware and the tricks it uses.
@_date: 2014-12-11 10:43:24


I agree with you that a currency with a stable purchasing power is a desirable thing. We don't want our standard for measuring of length to increase or decrease with time - why the heck would we want our standard for measuring of value increase (or decrease!) over time?!
However, I disagree with you that stable purchasing power of a currency can be achieved via "flexible monetary policy" - or by any other means, as a matter of fact. Has been tried through history. Many times. In many different ways. Doesn't work. Fix the money supply and you get deflationary collapses during panics. Make the money supply "flexible" and you get inflationary booms and busts.
The purchasing power of a currency is actually the "value" of that currency - and value is subjective; it is different for the different people or even for the same person at different times and under different circumstances. It cannot be "stable". Just let the free market regulate it dynamically, by reflecting the individual preferences of all participants.
@_date: 2014-12-16 10:52:48
3rd law of computer security: Once you run the bad guy's program on your computer, this is no longer your computer.
However, the makers of Avast are good guys (I know a few of them personally), they have a legitimate business and would never do such a thing.
@_date: 2014-12-31 11:00:21




No, I don't. I am not getting *any* cash flow from the businesses that use US dollars. The US dollar might appreciate if there are many such successful businesses, which would make it a good speculation - but it won't magically produce any cash flow from them to me.


Some people have made a lot of money on such *speculations*. That doesn't make them investments. As I keep pointing out, you clearly do not understand the difference between the two. Probably because the financial media keeps using the word "investors" when they really mean "speculators", which is because the latter got bad connotations during the Great Depression. But there is nothing wrong in speculating. It is a profession like any other. It requires learning and skills to do it successfully. But it is not investing, which requires a completely different set of skills.


Bullshit. Your economic and financial ignorance is breadth-taking. The amount of stocks isn't fixed, either - companies keep issuing new shares all the time. And if you are speculating in currencies like the US dollar, how much of it will be "dumped on the market" is just one minor factor you need to consider - and it usually doesn't have that great impact, because it is fairly predictable and priced into the market. The Fed printed electronically trillions of dollars, yet the dollar still trades higher, despite what all the illiterate dollar haters were harping.


I am sure. Currencies and commodities don't have cash flows. Only productive businesses do. Cash flow is when a business spends some money to produce a product or a service, offers it to the market and gets in exchange for it more money than it spent. And does this consistently over long periods of time.


No. Every company on this planet is "part of a larger whole" - the global economy. This doesn't mean that one giant conglomerate owns every company on Earth. A conglomerate is a large corporation (ONE. CORPORATION.), consisting of a group of companies dealing in widely diversified goods, services, etc. As I said, you don't even know what that word means.


Yes, it is. But there is no equivalent "Bitcoin conglomerate". Which was my point.


Yes. But you *are* investing in 3M (the conflomerate) and are buying a claim on part of its long-term cash flow (from the different businesses it owns).


No, it is not. It is not a business, it doesn't own any businesses and it has no cash flows. It doesn't produce any goods and services, either. It doesn't produce anything. It is just a currency and a payment method. You can't invest in those. You can speculate in currencies, you can use payment methods - but you cannot *invest* in them.


No. Google has profits, and trades publicly on the stock market, so you *can* invest in it. It's just not a *good* investment, because you would be paying too high price for the claim on long-term cash flows it could deliver - which is why Buffett isn't investing in it. I'm not investing in it, either. But I could invest in it, if I wanted. I can't invest in Bitcoin - or in a dotcom startup with no profits. I can only speculate in these. Of course, I could also speculate in Google shares - if I buy them not for the long-term cash flows the company can ultimately deliver to its investors but because I expect to sell them at a higher price.


I said that trading publicly on a regulated stock market makes it *less likely* that the company is a scam - not that it guarantees that it isn't. Yes, everybody knows about Enron (Lehman wasn't a scam; it went down because it engaged in unsafe trades). But how many more Bitcoin-related "businesses" turned out to be scams? That doesn't mean that Lehman's stock wasn't an investment - it means that it was a bad, unsafe investment. It is perfectly possible to invest in a company that deals in Bitcoin, if any such company is trading publicly and has profits. It is quite possible (even likely) to turn out as being a bad investment - but at least it is *possible*, if it is a business that has a working business model and turns out profits. It is *not* possible to "invest" in a currency or in a non-profit company. It is only possible to *speculate* in them. Nothing wrong with that but it is not what an *investor* does - and Buffett is a wise investor who tends to make mostly good investments.


No, not everything. Only the companies that are profitable and you are investing only if you are buying their shares as a claim on the long-term cash flows they can deliver to you - not if you are buying them with the hope of selling them at a higher price to a greater fool.


And I would disagree that they are investors. They are speculators, almost every one of them. Very few such companies explore in order to develop a mine and produce profits for their investors. Most are looking for deposits they can sell to the actual mining companies and make a quick buck. A large number of them "mine" only the clueless speculators by continuously issuing new shares and promising the moon.


It is obvious that you have never tried to take a company public. You clearly have no clue what kind of scrutiny and reporting is required. So much, that many legitimate companies don't do it, because of the costs involved - not because they are scams. Of course, it doesn't *guarantee* that a publicly traded company won't make bad business decisions or that a scammy company won't find its way in the stock market. But it's a hell of a lot more safety than nothing.


It's not owning bitcoin that makes you scammed. It's that many of the businesses involved in dealing with bitcoin (exchanges, "investment houses", gambling casinos, etc.) are way too shady and unregulated for my taste. Too much risk of them turning out to be bad investments.


While it is a good idea that could make stock trading more efficient, it won't make regulations obsolete. Or, if it does, it will just enable more scams.


It is wrong. The difference between investing and speculating is not simply a difference in risk levels. Speculators try to minimize risk too. Why do you think the day traders don't hold any overnight positions? The *real* difference is that investing is buying part of a long-term cash flow, while speculating is making an informed bet that the price of a financial instrument would go in a particular direction. Both kinds of activities involve risks - but different kinds of risks.


You remind me of the dotcom bubble when people were "valuing" companies based on the number of eyeballs looking at their sites. This is not investing, it is mania. Customer base, technology, competitive advantage - all this doesn't matter (at least not directly) when it comes to investing. All that matters is profits. If the company doesn't have them, you aren't investing, you are speculating. If it does have them, you can invest - but you can make a bad investment by paying too high a price for small and uncertain profits. This is why Buffett doesn't invest in technology companies. But he could invest in those of them that have profits, if he wanted. He can't invest in US dollars, or in gold, or in coffee beans, or in Bitcoin - even if he wanted to. He could only speculate in these.
Can't address the rest of your misconceptions because of the 10k character limit to the posts here.
@_date: 2014-12-09 11:44:38
Most Bitcoin users have libertarian views and a libertarian is a very "I don't care what you do as long as you leave me alone" kind of person. So, it is not surprising that they don't have a problem with criminals being facilitated by Bitcoin, as long as they are not victims of the crimes.
However, this doesn't make the problem disappear. Crime *is* a problem in any society. Most governments at least try to resolve it. If Bitcoin facilitates crime, this makes it likely that governments will turn against Bitcoin - which would be bad for Bitcoin and its users; that was the point I was trying to make.
@_date: 2014-12-26 10:02:07


And you would be wrong. This is the utility theory of value - one of the very first theories of value that was proven wrong. Most of the time people value diamonds much higher than air - air is free, while diamonds aren't.
Value is not an intrinsic property. An intrinsic property is a property that does not depend on the subjective opinion of the observer. Gold has a particular atomic weight and a particular melting point - these are intrinsic properties of gold. Value isn't, because it depends on the current subjective preferences of the observer.
If tomorrow life on our planet disappears, air, water and food will become worthless. If then chlorine-breathing aliens visit Earth, air would be even harmful for them.


That's not true, either. If the sides of a right-angle triangle are 3 and 4 units long, I can prove you mathematically that it's third side is 5 units long. How much are you willing to pay me for this mathematical proof? It probably was more valuable in ancient times, when it wasn't widely known - but these days every pupil knows it. The proof hasn't changed - it is as true now as it was two millennia ago. Yet its value has changed. That's only because the subjective, personal preferences of the people have changed.
@_date: 2014-11-24 09:36:59
1) It is not a virus. It's a Trojan horse (i.e., doesn't replicate itself).
2) Only very few victims have been infected with it (about a hundred).
3) It is no longer operational.
4) Anti-virus companies share the samples of new malware they discover, so by now probably just about any AV product that matters detects whatever Symantec's product does about this thing.
TL;DR - you don't need to worry about it. You aren't its target anyway.
@_date: 2014-12-23 11:09:43
I would never use such a thing. It requires that *each* side makes a deposit equal to the sum they wish to exchange (I mean, in addition to that sum) *and* it uses an external payment processor. No way. Too cumbersome, too inconvenient.
@_date: 2014-12-29 10:48:04
What do you mean by "any risk"?? Every risk is there! If the site is hacked or malicious, you simply cannot trust it. You cannot trust it with anything - not even with remaining constant. Maybe it didn't load yesterday but will load today and serve some kind of exploit - and serve a different exploit tomorrow.
Just don't go there. Site certificates were invented for a reason.
@_date: 2014-12-10 12:41:56
I don't think that the author of this title knows what the phrase "reserve currency" actually means.
@_date: 2014-12-30 11:57:50
I *will* be dead in a few thousand years. Oh, well, thought so. Please don't wake me up then - let me rest in peace.
@_date: 2014-12-29 11:02:16
Actually, I was thinking of something like a debit card. You link the debit card to your (fiat!) bank account. You pay with it by swiping it like any other debit card. Money is extracted from your bank account, converted into bitcoins on-the-spot, transferred to the other side of the transaction using the blockchain and immediately converted into fiat on-the-spot and transferred to the account of the recepient.
Both transacting parties don't need to have even heard of Bitcoin; the buyer just swipes a plastic card, the seller receives funds equivalent to the price of the sold goods, transaction complete, cheaper than with the current credit/debit card payment processors.
However, building this requires significant infrastructure, liquid bitcoin exchanges, regulation, clearing houses, etc. At the end, it might turn out not to be cheaper than the currently used method. Ultimately, the market will decide.
@_date: 2014-12-25 23:49:17
I don't think that you understand what "value" is.
Bitcoin doesn't have "intrinsic" value. Nothing does - yes, not even gold, despite what the goldbugs keep repeating. Value is subjective; it cannot be an intrinsic property of anything.
There is way too much that is wrong with your article for me to debunk it in detail here. Mathematical proofs do not create value. Being the only thing that can perform something does not create value. Work does not create value (no matter what Marx said). Yes, proof-of-work does not have value, unless there are people who (subjectively) find that work valuable. You can dig holes in the ground all day long and fill them up the next day - you will work a lot but will create no value, unless somebody has a need for these holes.
Value is in the eye of the beholder. Bitcoin has value only because there are people who find it valuable. The number of such people and the value they assign to it changes with time (often - wildly), which leads to the fluctuation of its price on the free market.
If tomorrow everybody decides that Bitcoin is worthless, then it will lose its value, despite the fact that all its intrinsic properties will not change at all. The same thing is true about everything that is considered "valuable" today - gold, diamonds, everything.
You really ought to educate yourself on the various economic theories of value.
@_date: 2014-12-14 11:39:33
No cryptocurrency (in fact, no other thing, either) can have a fixed value. This is because value is subjective and changes among people and with time and circumstances.
However, it is possible for a cryptocurrency (not Bitcoin, though) to have a fixed exchange rate with something else - another cryptocurrency, a fiat currency, a commodity, etc. In fact, several such cryptocurrencies already exist.
@_date: 2014-12-31 00:25:32


And what are they going to do when their assumption turns out to be wrong? Right, panic and try to off-load all at once, exacerbating the decline.


I didn't say that. I said that halving the reward would most definitely *not* double the price. It will have some impact. I cannot predict what impact exactly. I don't think that anyone can. I do think that the impact will not be significant.
The funny thing is, we won't be able to tell. The price could go up, down or sideways - and we still won't know whether it is caused by the reward halving or by anything else.
@_date: 2014-12-25 10:24:00
Lulz. Even implementing something as simple as e-mail to Mars is somewhat problematic due to the bandwidth and speed-of-light limitations imposed on the TCP/IP. Implementing the Bitcoin protocol over galactic distances?! I'd like some of what this guy is smoking.
@_date: 2014-12-31 11:06:32
Yes, I do think that it is unreasonable to think that any branch of the US government would have any respect for how anything is treated anywhere outside the USA.
For instance, just about every other country taxes only residents. But, no, the IRS insists on taxing people who have never lived in the USA (and, of course, do not currently reside there and have no income there) only because they have been born there and are "US citizens" - which is in total disregard of all these other countries laws.
@_date: 2014-12-09 21:18:46


No, it cannot be both *at the same time*. But it can be either at different circumstances.
Bitcoin is not anonymous enough for those who want true anonymity (well, at least as much anonymity as cash provides). Bitcoin is too anonymous for those to whom anonymity is a threat (e.g., those who fight criminals).
@_date: 2014-12-30 23:52:14
Where did you get the weird idea that they would have such an obligation?! IRS is not a diplomatic service. All they care about is taking from the US citizens the amount of money the US laws say they owe. If the US laws say that Bitcoin is property, IRS taxes the US citizens on their property gains - and what any countries that are not the USA think about this property is totally besides the point.
@_date: 2014-12-23 11:55:38
Can SHA-256 survive 2015?
@_date: 2014-12-19 10:48:24
Because gold, silver and BTC are currently falling in price, while cars and furniture aren't? Most people are sheep - they can't see beyond "now" and extrapolate present trends to infinity.
@_date: 2014-12-11 10:31:39
While I agree with the conclusion in the title of the article, the author of that article is yet another marginalist economist without a clue.
In reality, the price of a product is the result of the dynamic balance between 4 factors. Yes, four:
1) The supply of that product.
2) The demand for that product.
3) The supply of money.
4) The demand to hold money.
Of these, only the first and the third are relatively easy to quantify, which is why illiterate economists usually try to control price by controlling one of them. It never works.
Let us consider a practical example, where "product" is Bitcoin and "money" is US dollars. Suppose that the price of Bitcoin starts rising "too fast" and we want to control that. (Let's leave aside for a moment the fact that nobody can really determine what "too fast" is, because different people have different preferences.) What can we do? Can we control the supply of available Bitcoins? Yes, we can increase the block reward. But what if the price is rising because demand for Bitcoin is so strong that it overwhelms our efforts and even if we release all the possible Bitcoins in one go, buyers still keep bidding for them? Or what if the price of Bitcoin is rising because the Fed is printing like there is no tomorrow and the US economy has entered hyperinflation? Or what if it is rising because people have lost faith in the US dollar and want to get rid of it, despite that the Fed has stopped creating new dollars? You can't control all that, ergo you can't control the price of Bitcoin.
The same impossibility exists in the opposite direction. Suppose that the price of Bitcoin is falling "too fast" and we want to stop that. What are we going to do? We can decrease the block reward - but we can't reduce the number of Bitcoins already in existence (unless they are in our possession, of course - then we can just destroy the private keys controlling them). Just like gold - almost all of the already mined product is still in existence, available for the right price. Even if all mining stops completely, there still will be supply available. If people decide to stop trusting Bitcoin, they will want to get rid of their coins and will offer their supply of them at any price. Thus, curtailing the supply of new Bitcoins cannot control crashing demand for the product. Or suppose that the economy has entered a deflationary collapse and people desperately need money to pay off their debts and buy food. In order to get money (US dollars in our example), they will be willing to sell anything, including Bitcoin. Thus, the increased demand to hold money will overwhelm the lack of new supply of the product.
TL;DR, you can't control the price of a product for a long period of time - especially not by controlling just one of the 4 factors that form it. Just let the free market decide (dynamically!) what the price should be at any given moment and stop with the stupidity already!
P.S. The volatility of Bitcoin price will stop bothering you if you stop thinking of it as "money" or "investment". Think of it as a cost-efficient *payment method*. This is what all these companies that "accept Bitcoin payment" do - they don't keep a single Bitcoin; they just use (via third-party) the blockchain as a payment transfer mechanism to get their preferred currency (US dollars or whatever) for the product they are selling.
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:06:09
Not sure what the OP meant, but maybe you are misunderstanding him. Clearly, by "targets" you are thinking of a virus that *infects* Bitcoin nodes. While a multi-platform virus is certainly possible (and several have been created in the past), there is an easier approach.
Consider a worm that infects normal PCs (that have nothing to do with Bitcoin), combines them in a huge botnet and uses them to perform a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack against the full Bitcoin nodes.
Several such huge botnets already exist and they are "programmable" in the sense that their "owner" can command them what to do. Sending them a list of IP addresses to DDoS is trivial.
The question is not whether it is possible (it is) - the question is why? These days malware is a business and like any business it tries to maximize profits. DDoS are usually used as a means of extortion against sites that need to be on-line 24/7 - like shopping sites, gambling sites, etc. The Bitcoin exchanges are certainly potential victims. But the nodes? Why? Just to slow down the payments? Where is the profit in that? There is no single entity you can extort money from...
@_date: 2014-12-20 18:44:46




So, this guy is promising 1 BTC to every one of his potential 375 million investors.
He is either lying, or he doesn't understand Bitcoin, or his arithmetic sucks. In either case, I wouldn't want such a person to manage my money.
@_date: 2014-11-27 19:47:36
It's a philosophical question, really.
Some economists (Keynesians, Friedmanites) consider deflation (the dropping prices due to relative reduction of the money supply) to be anathema, pointing to the US Great Depression. In a deflation, they say, people will hoard currency and won't spend, so producers won't be able to sell and will go bankrupt. Our current society runs mostly on credit - and during a deflation those who take credit are at a disadvantage, because they would have to repay in appreciated currency.
Others (Austrians) say that this is nonsense. For instance, one of the most productive (per capita) periods in US history experienced mild deflation. The prices of electronics are constantly dropping - and their producers haven't been driven bankrupt. The "hoarding" argument ignores the concept of time preference - consumption now is always more highly valued than consumption later; if it wasn't like this, we would all starve while hoarding/investing all our capital. Also, a producer makes money from the spread between the cost of production and the sale price - as long as this spread is stable (i.e., the cost of raw materials falls just as fast as the cost of the finished product), they will thrive no matter which way the prices go.
@_date: 2014-12-30 09:11:56
Why would the US government (and the IRS in particular) care about the legal status of Bitcoin in countries that are not the USA?
@_date: 2014-11-23 09:47:08
It probably comes from the fact that most intelligent people have little tolerance for stupidity.
There was a question of whether this program was legitimate. I answered this question and, in addition, gave you (for free) a professional assessment of the "quality" of the said program and of how likely it is to solve the problem it purports to solve. I also gave you the advice not to rely on it, which advice is likely to save your life or freedom, if you are engaged in activities that are likely to make you a target of government spyware.
Sorry if you didn't like my advice or are too stupid to understand it. Feel free to ignore it and move on with whatever passes for your life.
@_date: 2014-12-25 11:04:37
Please read carefully. The example you cite falls in the "medium of exchange" category. As I said, fiat currencies are a medium of exchange nowadays (and, therefore, have this property) - but gold does not. You can't buy a piece of bread with gold nowadays.
The problem is that nowadays *nothing* exists that has all the 3 properties.
@_date: 2014-12-16 10:11:54
Grammar is the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:34:51
Even fewer people trust the Bitcoin price.
@_date: 2014-12-29 10:07:16
Isn't it actually about half that, due to the birthday paradox?
@_date: 2014-12-10 13:27:22


No, I don't think that you'd notice. Not even it hits you in the face. Here is just one striking example; I could list many more:
@_date: 2014-11-23 00:29:40
"Advice"? About what? How to protect yourself from government spyware? Do you seriously expect someone to give you "advice" on that in a Reddit comment?
I'd need a 4-hour lecture (minimum) just to explain you the basic problems, the possible solutions and why a single, snap-your-fingers magic program isn't going to solve such a problem.
That's not to say that the problem isn't solvable. But I'd need about 5 years to teach you properly how to use the various possible tools and train you into proper opsec. Provided, of course, that you have a modicum of intelligence and can suppress your ego for a while.
The only "advice" I can give you here is this: do *not* do anything that could make you a target of government spyware. Because this program, or any program that you can download and use without thinking (and this includes popular anti-virus products, which are many orders of magnitude better than this silly compiled Python script), isn't going to protect you from it.
@_date: 2014-12-29 21:03:46
This article is mostly uninformed crap written by somebody without proper understanding of the subject of money and currency trading. You are *strongly* advised to read Buterin's article, instead (a link to it is present at the end of this article). It is much more informed, balanced and objective and describes the various strategies that could be used to stabilize the currency - together with their advantages, disadvantages and weaknesses.
Yeah, the sky is the limit and the technologies are being invented - but the point is that no good enough technology exists *yet*, so if you expect Bitcoin to become less volatile any time soon, you are seriously deluding yourself.
Things like BitShares and Coinapult Locks just convert volatility risk into a counter-party risk. The risk doesn't diminish; it *changes*. Instead of watching the purchasing power of your bitcoins change by 5% daily, you might see it drop to 0% (and stay there) once, at some unknown date in the future.
@_date: 2014-12-29 10:04:01
Yep. Just as I told the person who was advertising this site on bitcointalk. If you have a large mining operation, why not mine for yourself? The only reason to sell mining power is if you get from those sales more profits than from the mining itself - which means that it makes no sense for your customers to buy mining power from you instead of setting up their own mining rigs.
He babbled something about philanthropic reasons - getting people involved in Bitcoin and such. Well, lasted less than two months. As P.T. Barnum said once, there is a sucker born every minute.
@_date: 2014-12-03 12:11:23
No, he is using the *correct* definition of inflation, which is the increase of money supply *relative* to the available pool of goods and services - as opposed to the nonsense used by the banksters. "Common price inflation" relies on the nonsensical concept of "general price level" which does not exist and cannot be measured (yes, the CPI is a scam).
And, yes, gold can be inflationary too, if the pool of goods and services increases slower than 1.5% annually (which is the gold annual production rate). There have been documented cases in the past (Spain, California) when countries running on the gold standard experienced significant inflation due to the large influx of gold.
So, his argument was perfectly correct - Bitcoin is still being inflated. In fact, it is being inflated at a faster pace than many fiat currencies.
The reason for the effect observed by the article is different. People aren't hoarding Bitcoins because they are deflationary - people are hoarding them because they have bought them at much higher prices and are afraid to "sell and realize losses". It's the same psychology that makes people hold onto their falling stocks in a bear market.
That said, economics is not an exact science (it's a social science) and economic theories cannot be proven or disproven by experiments or observations. (Theory A: The Great Depression was caused by deflation. Theory B: The Great Depression was caused by the bust of the credit expansion in the early 20s. Go on, try to conduct a controlled experiment, repeating the Great Depression by changing only one condition - preceding credit expansion - and keeping everything else the same - people, technology, society, etc. - in order to determine which theory is correct.)
In social sciences you start from a sound theory and use it to explain the reality - you don't conduct experiments in order to form, prove, or disprove theories. And sine people can't agree which economic theory is the really sound one, you have a huge mess of different economic schools of thought.
@_date: 2014-12-03 10:59:17
Uh-huh, imagine SHA-256 and RIPEMD-160 being computed with an abacus.
@_date: 2014-12-17 11:01:14
Do **not** pay the ransom. First of all, you have no guarantee that they will send you a decryption key if you pay them. Second, even if they do, you will be financing their operation and will help them hurt other people.
If you do not have backups, consider the data lost, as if your hard disk has crashed and is irreparable.
@_date: 2014-11-27 19:55:33
You really ought to read the original paper. Bitcoin might not be anonymous - but it *is* pseudonymous - and these researches have shown how to break this pseudonymity; they show how to link a Bitcoin public key used during a transaction with a specific IP address of the computer from which the transaction has been initiated, with a high probability for success, even if the computer is behind a NAT.
@_date: 2015-05-15 09:48:15
It's a proof-of-stake crypto currency; not proof-of-work. You don't mine it; they have.
Also, see this:
@_date: 2014-12-12 11:55:06


I don't think that you understood what I wrote.


And how the hell would it do that?! You go to a web site that says send X bitcoins to this blah-blah Bitcoin address. What you don't know, is that your browser is infected by malware that has already changed the information the site has sent you and the address you see there is something completely different from what is on the site. So, you send your payment to that address instead. You might do all sorts of things to ensure that you really send the payment to the address you see, but if that address is already wrong to begin with, you're screwed anyway.


I took significantly more time looking at your site but the best I found on this subject were platitudes like




Can you tell us more about how do you ensure that what your browser shows you is actually what the remote site sent?
Remember the 3rd law of computer security: If you run the bad guy's program on your computer, this is no longer your computer.
@_date: 2014-12-09 21:13:16
No. Savings is postponed consumption and it is equivalent to investment. That's a good thing. Hoarding is something different. It is withdrawing the currency from circulation in the hope that it will appreciate.
Also, I am not supporting the Keynesian dogma that "deflation is bad". History shows many periods of prospering economy in a *mildly* deflationary environment. Emphasis on "mildly". Things get bad only when the deflation starts running out of control and turns into a deflationary spiral.
Personally, I think that the purchasing power of money should be *constant* - i.e., that it should neither increase nor decrease. Just like you don't want the standard for measuring of length to increase or decrease with time, you don't want the standard for measuring value to do so. Unfortunately, in order to achieve that, you must have money supply that fluctuates exactly in tandem with the population and the average productivity and demand for money. Of these, only the population is relatively easy to quantify. But I'd rather have a currency that at least tries to preserve its purchasing power (e.g., as being indexed to the population) than one which is *designed* not to do so (i.e., is intentionally designed to deflate or inflate).
@_date: 2014-11-23 21:35:30
"Against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain."
OK, let me try once more, using analogies that are closer to the level of intelligence you have demonstrated here.
Suppose somebody makes a statement that, in order to protect yourself in a war, you have to hide in the basement. This is the equivalent of providing this program and suggesting that people use it to protect themselves from government spyware. Here come I and say that while this statement is not 100% wrong - hiding in the basement increases your chances to survive a bombardment (using this program might catch some versions of two spyware products known to have been used by governments), it is a generally stupid advice and mostly won't work because there are bombs that will penetrate far enough to reach you and there are many other ways to die in a war (by now there are probably versions of government spyware that evade this program and there are many other spyware programs used by governments).
You counter that I should give some *positive* advice instead. My answer is that the best positive advice I can give you is to leave the theater of war (don't make yourself a likely target of government spyware). This is the best *simple* advice I can give you here. Or, if you are willing to spend years of training, money and efforts, I could train you to become a soldier and fight back efficiently, or a diplomat and prevent the war in the first place. But, and this is important to note, this is a very expensive process - not just in terms of money but also in terms of time and efforts, because what you need to become, in order to achieve a reasonably high level of protection, is not easy to achieve.
There is no way to create a program that you can download, run and be protected from government spyware. I know that naive people like to believe in magic, but it is simply not freakin' possible! And just to explain you *why* it is not possible, I'd have to lecture you for *hours*, because you clearly do not possess the necessary knowledge to understand this now.
Instead, you have to have a clear understanding of what the threat surface is (hours and hours of lecturing are needed to achieve that), what are the possible tools to detect and counter the threats (months and months of learning and training are necessary), and how you should behave, in order to reduce the risks (months and months of proper opsec training are needed).
I am sorry if you don't like it but this is the reality. There are no royal ways to becoming a computer security expert - and you *have* to become one, in order to fight government spyware successfully, because the attackers have access to superior knowledge, superior funding and superior hardware that you cannot even imagine.
I don't see where your homeless guy analogy comes into play. I am not in the habit of arguing with people who are more knowledgeable and experienced than me on a particular subject. There is an infinite amount of things on which I am not an expert and, being an intelligent person, I would gladly listen to the opinion of the people more knowledgeable than me about these things - be they homeless or not. But I *am* an expert in computer security, I am one of the world's top experts in malware and I will not remain silent when some fool gives to other people advice about these things that I am knowledgeable about - advice that could cost them their lives or freedom. And I don't care if the fool in question is the author of this silly script, or you, or anyone else.
Also, nowhere did I comment on whether the people likely to be a target of government malware are doing things that are illegal, immoral or whatever. I am just providing them with my expert advice that relying on this program to protect them is pure idiocy and they shouldn't do it. If they nevertheless choose to continue doing whatever they are doing, that's their goddamn right and it could be noble or stupid or criminal or all of these things together - but at least my conscience would be clear that I have given them a fair warning based on my vast professional expertise.
Have a nice day.
@_date: 2014-12-25 10:54:58
Freedom is the right to do what I want. If I want to be anonymous, it's my right to be so, no matter what the others think - or I am not free. If I don't want to be anonymous, it is my right to be so, no matter what the others think - or I am not free.
If you think that anonymity is wrong - don't be anonymous. But don't prevent those who want to be anonymous from being so. I promise not to attempt to infringe on your right to be non-anonymous.
@_date: 2014-11-27 19:30:16


No, he has no clue what he is talking about. "Gold is a fiat commodity currency"?! Gold is neither fiat, nor a commodity, nor a currency.


No, it doesn't. Value is subjective and cannot be intrinsic to anything.


Because it is universally accepted to be valuable. It's the highest liquidity good. Even when a currency fails, gold is still accepted. Might be tradition, might be stupid, but this is how it is and that's why gold is used by the banks as reserves.


Gold is not an investment. Gold is money and nothing else. And the central bank is not a hedge fund - it is not supposed to produce profits. It is supposed to keep the currency stable. Storage costs for gold are significantly lower per unit of value than the storage costs of paper currency.
@_date: 2014-12-26 17:39:34
Buffett is an *investor*. Investing means buying long-term future cash flow at a reasonable price. Buffett is very good at understanding the future cash flow of an enterprise and when its price is low.
When you invest in a railway company (invest, not speculate!), you do not simply invest in the idea of transportation. Instead, you analyze the costs and the revenues and estimate how well-established its business model is and how much profits it is likely to bring long-term. Then, if the price is low (say, the profits will cover the buying costs in 5-7 years), you buy it (i.e., you invest in it). He is an expert at this task.
Unfortunately, this doesn't apply to Bitcoin. Yes, Bitcoin is a great idea - but investors don't invest in ideas. Bitcoin doesn't have cash flow. It has no easily quantifiable expenses and no revenues. An investor like Buffett simply doesn't know how to assign a value to it - so he stays away from it. Pouring money into Bitcoin-related development is suitable for venture capitalists - not for conservative investors like Buffett.
@_date: 2015-05-27 11:12:51
It is impossible to answer without knowing the context of the whole economy we are talking about.
Is a 30% interest on a loan too high? No, it is not, if you reliably expect to make 100% profits with the money you got at this interest rate.
Is 0.25% interest on a loan too low? No, it is not, if you can expect to make at most 0.1% profits with the money you got at this interest rate.
The interest rates on loans will depend on the underlying economy. While it is *likely* that in a deflationary monetary system the interest rates will be lower than in an inflationary one (or even negative), this is by no means guaranteed. It would depend on the economy.
Basically, the person lending the money takes the risk that it will not be returned and postpones his consumption. In exchange, he expects to be adequately compensated - by interest, by currency appreciation, or a combination thereof. The person loaning the money expects to make more profits from it than the interest he must pay back, the depreciation of the currency over time, or a combination thereof. Both the lender and the creditor make their own economic calculations (which are different for the different people in different economies) and the transaction proceeds only if both sides are convinced that they stand to gain from it. That's how the free market works and it tends to find its own balance automatically - but it is impossible to predict where that balance point is (and it keeps changing with time anyway).
Would people lend deflationary money? Why not? If the currency appreciates by 1% annually, wouldn't you be willing to lend it at 2%? You'll make more profit than by just holding it (albeit at higher risk). Would you take a loan at 2% in currency that, additionally, appreciates by 1% annually? Why not? If you've got a bight idea that would allow you to make 5% profit annually but don't have the capital to implement it, you'd be happy to take such a loan. It means 2% profit for you, despite having to service the loan. The alternative is not to take a loan and not make this profit because you can't implement your idea - at least not until you save the necessary amount of capital.
@_date: 2014-12-14 10:45:32
And what exactly did it "do" to TOR?? We have no clue how a few dark markets have been identified and shut down, but if it was some Tor-related vulnerability, why didn't they shut down all (or at least many more) of them??
If they decided to "do" something against Bitcoin, "grabbing processing power" is the least efficient way to do it. (Probably only "printing dollars and buying up all the bitcoins" is a more stupid attack that I can think of.) The attack will probably be regulatory at first. Payments in Bitcoin will be officially prohibited. That won't stop all transactions, of course, but it will severely reduce the market as legitimate companies will turn away from Bitcoin. Then, if the remaining market is still large enough to matter, they can try sniffing and interfering with the Bitcoin-related IP traffic, prosecuring very publicly a few "offenders" and so on.
Remember, governments consist of politicians, not of nerds. They act with political means (laws, regulations, enforcement, prosecution), not with technological means. The technological means are invented and used only by the enforcement agencies, which try to comply with and enforce the laws that the governments come up with.
@_date: 2014-12-13 12:31:09
1) I still don't get it. OK, increased volume of transactions means increased use of Bitcoin - I agree. Bank has less deposit and hence reduces the money supply? You mean that people are buying Bitcoin instead of depositing their money in a bank? Well, what happens with the other side of the transaction? Somebody sells them Bitcoin, no? What does he do with the money he gets in exchange? Don't they contribute to the money supply in exactly the same way as if the money had stayed in a bank deposit?
2) What you are saying is that your own wallet is fully reserved. Or maybe that fully reserved banking based on Bitcoin is possible? I'm not arguing with that. My point is that factional reserved banking is possible even in a Bitcoin-based economy. It will simply be exactly the same kind of scam that it is now, in a fiat-based economy. Remember, the commercial banks cannot increase the base money - just as they cannot create new Bitcoins. But they can still increase the money supply by making loans in quantities increasing 10 times their reserves. In a Bitcoin-based economy they would probably make the loans using a sidechain, creating virtual supply out of nothing, which would extinguish itself when the loan is repaid.
@_date: 2014-12-12 22:43:38
1) Why would the increase use of a currency (i.e., increased velocity of money) have any impact on the money supply?!
2) From where did you get the idea that Bitcoin requires fully reserved banking? All Bitcoin does is limit the monetary base somewhere in the future.
3) Deflation *per se* does not imply depression - just like a little inflation does not imply hyperinflationary collapse. The problem occurs when these things get out of control. Depression happens when you get a deflationary spiral - when already strong deflation (usually caused by a fixed money supply combined with a very strong demand to hold money) feeds on itself. These periods are rare, which explains your findings.
4) I refuse to take seriously anyone who uses the Keynesian nonsense of "aggregate demand" in their arguments. :)
5) Don't plop mathematical formulae without explaining the meaning of every symbol used in them. I get that delta-whatever is the change in the corresponding whatever (MS - money supply, MB - monetary base, LP - commercial loans, FXR - foreign currency reserves, BTW - Bitcoin) during the period of time t - but what the heck are beta and epsilon?
6) Since the market cap of Bitcoin is so small relative to the hundreds of trillions of fiat currency as to be less than a rounding error, it is not surprising that you failed to notice it having any serious impact on the big picture.
@_date: 2014-12-10 12:58:04


Bullshit. QE *is* inflation (increase of the money supply) and the only reason why it hasn't resulted in hyperinflation yet is the existence of the deflationary pressure of the collapsing credit bubble. Still, QE has already caused significant price increases in many areas - financial assets, education, health care, food, etc.


Bullshit. A gold standard is perfectly workable (in fact, in can be implemented in various different ways - although I personally prefer fully redeemable currency myself, a currency board linked to gold is probably the most workable solution) - but it imposes fiscal discipline on governments and that's why no government nowadays would voluntarily implement it.
Gold's near lack of utility is precisely why it is most suitable for money. You want your money to be universally accepted (i.e., you want money to be the good with the highest liquidity) - you don't want somebody to eat it.
And countries get invaded for their oil nowadays, so the lack of a gold standard clearly doesn't prevent that sort of unpleasantness.


While I agree that a deflationary currency like Bitcoin would stimulate hoarding (I think that a *good* currency should be neither deflationary, nor inflationary; it should have constant buying power over time), your "best bet" premise ignores the concept of *time preference*. If that concept did not exit, we would all starve while saving/hoarding/investing all our capital. So, yes, once Bitcoin becomes deflationary, people will hoard a lot of it. They will still spend it, though.
@_date: 2014-12-28 21:20:57
1) The most obvious solution is not to hold any bitcoins - this is what "bitcoin-accepting" businesses do. Buy the bitcoins you need just before you spend them. If you receive any bitcoins as payment, convert them immediately to your preferred fiat currency. While this will eliminate the volatility, it is basically pointless - I mean, why take the trouble of using Bitcoin at all and not just use fiat?
2) The site bitreserve.org allows you to peg the value of your bitcoins (stored there) to various things - major fiat currencies, gold, etc. The downside is that you have to trust that side to maintain the peg (and, of course, not to steal your bitcoins). Basically, you are offloading the volatility risk to that site, replacing it with a counterparty risk.
3) Some exchanges (I think one of the Chinese ones, but I don't know for sure) allows you to trade Bitcoin derivatives such as futures. When you buy bitcoins, you are essentially going long bitcoins. You can offset that by selling short a bitcoin futures contract. This way you lock in the value of your bitcoins by a certain date (the date of the expiration of the contract). However, derivatives trading has its own set of risks and costs and you really ought not to engage in it unless you are an experienced speculator.
But, yeah, Bitcoin is too volatile to be used as a store of value - and that is not likely to change any time soon. That's why I think that it is a mistake to use it as money. It should be used only as a payment method - that's where it really shines.
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:48:34
I disagree with his Elliott wave count. On the daily chart I see only 3 waves down and you need 5 for the bear market to end. Unless, of course, you assume that the whole bubble burst from the top was only a correction (3 waves) and not a bear market, but that's just ridiculous.
Time will tell, of course, but for now I see just a bear market rally, at best (maybe even a substantial one), followed by another wave down, to new lows.
@_date: 2015-05-06 21:50:51
He is a complete lunatic. He believes that the financial markets (screw that - whole economies and societies) are controlled by a cycle of exactly Pi days (why not weeks or months or years or hours or seconds?!), he's been known to post well-known (and long-debunked) Internet hoaxes as "facts" on his blog, he fancies himself a connoisseur of history but can't get even a famous Cicero quote right, etc., etc. Just ignore him.
@_date: 2015-05-27 10:46:31
"The same technology"?! In what sense? The general ideas of cryptographic hashes and public key cryptography? Because everything else is different.
The original PGP (which is what Phil created and is **not** GPG) used MD5 and RSA (and also IDEA, but that's irrelevant, because Bitcoin makes no use of a symmetric cypher). Bitcoin uses SHA and elliptic curve cryptography instead.
@_date: 2015-05-17 09:20:43
Well, with all the scams, hacks and other shady dealings going on in the crypto currency scene, it is always prudent to assume that a new scheme is a scam until conclusively proven the opposite. :-) Besides, most bitcoiners tend to consider proof-of-stake crypto currencies apriori scams.
I don't think that BitGold is really a competition of BitReserve, though. The two provide two very different services. BitReserve provides essentially a derivative that lets you peg the price of bitcoins to gold. BitGold provides you a convenient way to spend your gold on small purchases.
That said, I fail to see the usefulness of BitGold's service. Gold usefulness is mostly as an emergency store of value - not as a currency. It is much better to spend the bad money you have (i.e., fiat) and keep the gold, in order to get rid faster of the kind of money that depreciates faster. If you have some kind of emergency expense that forces you to part with your gold, you can always find a buyer, because gold is the most liquid commodity; you don't need bizarre schemes like BitGold. Also, ideally one should keep one's gold personally or at least with a well-established storage company - not give it to two guys nobody has ever heard about and then pay them for the privilege of getting it back.
(The last part isn't entirely accurate; the reality is even worse. You can't even send them the gold you already have - you must buy gold through them, while paying them 1% fee for the privilege. You then pay 1% fee every time you spend some of that gold. And you pay a postage fee of 25 CAD every time you want to get some of it in physical form. The actual storage is free, though, and you can send BitGold-held gold to another BitGold user for free, but how often would you want to do that?! And most banks allow free sending of funds between account holders at the same bank, too.)
As far as the company being publicly listed - there are plenty of publicly listed companies that turned out to be scams, so this is no guarantee. And the Soros (or even Sprott's) involvement is not clear at all. In any case, people like them can afford to throw a couple of millions at a startup "just in case something useful comes out of it". Whether one, as a user of their service, can afford to throw money at them is something everybody should decide for themselves.
@_date: 2014-12-27 10:35:01


That's not exactly true, although the difference has no practical implications. Continued mining is only needed to validate continued transactions. If everybody stopped transacting in Bitcoin tomorrow, the blockchain would stop growing and you won't need any mining - yet you'd still own your bitcoins. (I mean, past transactions proving that you have received them would still exist on the blockchain.) You'd need mining only if you want to spend the bitcoins you own.
@_date: 2014-11-22 17:43:32
I did give you useful advice - do *not* rely on this thing (I am reluctant to call it a product) to protect you from government spyware.
@_date: 2015-01-19 18:28:19
I guess you didn't read what they have on their Web site. Let me quote it for you:


I am saying that this is the wrong way to do it. It's not you that must exchange your dollars or euros for Bitcoin - it is the remittance company's job to do that for you without you even being aware of the transaction.


The sender must not be bothered with Bitcoin wallets. It's the remittance company's job to do that.
They also go on explaining (near the bottom) where *you* (the one who wants to send money) can buy BTC.
They also have some complete bullshit about the BTC volatility:


Complete. Utter. Bullshit. Which totally avoids explaining what will happen if BTC collapses by 10% between the time you buy it on the exchange and the time your intended recipient manages to sell it for their local currency.
Instead, the remittance company should be the only one that deals with the risky BTC (*not* their customers) and they should use various financial instruments to hedge the currency risk (which is usually way above the customer's ability).
In short, they are telling their customers "do it all yourselves using BTC and pay us 1-2% for the privilege".
@_date: 2015-01-13 08:42:51
Bubbles and busts tend to be similar, because human nature never changes.
@_date: 2015-01-16 10:03:07
Was that the same guy who was storing explosives under his bed and was sending them by mail to his customers? I assure you, I *have* met a few more educated men in my life.
@_date: 2015-01-30 14:45:33
What I am saying is that 24M bitcoins can never be "available" - at least not via honest means - no matter what kind of financial instrument you use - shorting, options, derivatives or whatever. Only scams can increase the supply above the theoretical limit, like shorting bitcoins you don't have (naked shorting, which is illegal).
@_date: 2015-01-01 11:26:45
Take a look at the volume, too. Bear market bottoms are achieved either with a sharp price low on high volume, or with a gradual decline of the price combined with tapering of the volume. We haven't had any price crashes recently, so the first option is out. But if the volume is declining noticeably, this could be an indication that at least a temporary bottom is in sight.
@_date: 2015-01-31 13:01:02


It can't be that hard. I first read about the timing attack in a paper from Paul Kocher in the 90s. He was able to "break" several smart cards at the time using this attack. Since then crypto libraries have been updated to take it into account - especially when writing code to be embedded in devices. They are still fast enough to be practical.
@_date: 2015-01-28 10:00:14
Yes, and a few states have done it already.
@_date: 2015-01-30 14:21:44
No, you don't understand. You are thinking from the point of view of the buyer. Yes, in some cases it might be preferable to buy a cloud mining service (if a honest one existed, which it doesn't), instead of setting up a mining rig yourself.
But think from the point of view of the provider of such a "service". He already has the hardware. He already has the electricity at a price he finds affordable. Why not, then, mine himself? The obvious answer is that either he is a running a scam and doesn't really have these things, or he is charging for his services more money than he would make by mining.
In both cases he is being dishonest, so I, as a buyer, would stay away. If I want to mine (which I don't), I'd rather set up a mining rig myself or refrain from mining altogether than risk my money with some dubious outfit.
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:37:15
What part of "there is no free lunch" you can't understand? If there is a scam, *somebody* has to lose. With Bitcoin, it's the buyer. With a credit card, it's either the credit card company, or the seller.
And if it is widespread enough, it is reflected in the price. Either in the transaction and other fees the CC company is charging you, or in the prices the sellers are charging.
One way or another, you are still paying for it, even if it is not as obvious as when you are scammed directly, as is the case with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-01 12:24:59
Well, until some country adopts Bitcoin as its national currency, it's all useless pontification anyway, isn't it? And since that is never going to happen, we'll never know which one of us was right and which one was wrong.
@_date: 2014-12-14 22:01:14
The Fed claim is so wrong and is based on so many false assumptions that it would take a whole article to properly refute it. So, I'll limit myself to answering your question only.
I don't think that money (medium of exchange, unit of account and store of value) should be either inflationary or deflationary. I mean, come on, we don't want our standard of measuring length to become loner (or shorter!) with time - why on earth would we want that for our standard for measuring value?! Money should have constant purchasing power - not one that decreases or increases with time.
Sadly, this doesn't seem possible. At least nobody has managed to achieve it yet. The problem is that the purchasing power of money depends on the balance of many factors - and money supply is only one of them. Another is the demand to hold money, yet another is the supply of products you intend to purchase with the money, and yet another is the demand for these products. All these additional factors are extremely difficult to quantify and tend to vary wildly with time.
So, the ideal - money with constant purchasing power - is, apparently, impossible to achieve. Well, failing that, I'd settle for money that has been freely chosen by the free market. Not one imposed by governments, or nerds, or religious fanatics, or whatever. I don't care what is chosen to be money - gold, Bitcoin, or seashells, as long as it is freely chosen by the free market.
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:40:14
You are still paying in transaction costs and other CC-related expenses. There is no free lunch. The money has to come from somewhere. CC companies aren't charities and aren't in this business for the losses.
@_date: 2015-01-08 20:34:28
This is a very bold claim which I, a professional in malware research, find highly unbelievable. Either they will be unable to detect all possible backdoors or their reports will be unusable due to the high level of false positives. Or both.
@_date: 2015-01-16 10:00:58


It was an act of desperation. They couldn't take the losses any more and gave up.


They will fail. The euro is toast. :-( Too bad, really - a significant part of my wealth is tied up in euros (or equivalents)...
@_date: 2015-01-06 15:56:45
You *can* redeem them, but only in multiples of 50.000 and it's not easy.
The announced share price is just theoretical - it was approximately correct when the first filing was made. They are used only to calculate the various fees associated with the creation of the ETF. When/If the ETF starts trading, the shares will trade at approximately 1/5th the price of 1 BTC, whatever that price is then.
@_date: 2015-01-03 12:24:59
No, they aren't in Bulgaria.
@_date: 2015-01-26 09:21:32
Wikipedia's definition isn't wrong but you are misreading it to mean "bet that this financial instrument will increase in price". This is speculation and it is *not* "putting money with the expectation of capital appreciation".
Investment is buying a long-term cash flow that would be ultimately delivered to the shareholders over time. It can be "delivered" directly via dividends or interest, or it can be delivered because the company invests its profits to grow and its stock appreciates. However, the key here is that you are buying a share in a profitable business - i.e., one with a positive cash flow.
No cash flow - no investing. So, you cannot invest in fiat currency (you can, however, put it in a bank that would invest it on your behalf and will pay you interest), or in Bitcoin, or in gold, or in any commodity, or in the shares of a company that has no profits. You can hoard, save in, or speculate in these things - but you cannot *invest* in them.
You are right, though, that Investopedia is wrong. The difference between speculating and investing is not in the levels of risk. One takes risks both when speculating and when investing - but these are different kinds of risks. In the different cases one of them could be larger than the other or vice versa.
Much of the misunderstanding is caused by the mainstream financial media which often uses "investors" when it really means "speculators" and which often uses the word "speculators" with negative connotations. The truth is that speculating is a job like any other and it provides useful services to the society. It's just not investing.
@_date: 2015-01-01 12:18:57
Nevermind, found it in the prospectus. It will be possible to redeem multiples of 50.000 shares for bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-01-18 13:15:48
You must be using a funny definition of "stable".
@_date: 2015-01-08 20:10:09
*All* on-line transactions are vulnerable to main-in-the-middle attacks; this is not a problem specific to Bitcoin. Every time you use on-line banking, you are vulnerable to such an attack - yes, even if the bank uses two-factor-authentication and sends confirmations to your smart phone.
The difference is that when you get robbed via on-line banking, you have some chance of convincing your bank to reimburse you (although success is by no means guaranteed). With Bitcoin, you don't, unless you elect to trust a third party, like an escrow or an arbitrator.
@_date: 2015-01-06 17:13:49
Uh-huh. Liberty Dollars, anyone? The USA is a rather fascist country nowadays. Their government doesn't pay any serious respect even to their own constitution, let alone to international laws, let alone to basic human rights.
Lots of countries have already taken steps to ban Bitcoin - steps which more or less conform to the scenario I have outlined. If the US government hasn't done so, it is only because, for one reason or another, it doesn't see the need to do it. Not because it cannot.
@_date: 2014-12-28 10:10:33
I think you are confusing money and value.
What you wrote is mostly true - but it pertains to *value*, not to money. (And, indeed, you are talking mostly about value.) This is the subjective theory of value - the only one that makes sense and has withstood the test of time. Value is the result of the collective personal preferences of the free market participants at any given time. Or, as you say, it is based on faith - although that is a less precise way of putting it.
Money, on the other hand, is mostly based on convenience. A free market uses as a medium of exchange and a store of value whatever is most convenient for this purpose. Even people who do not believe in fiat currencies and hate them use them in their everyday lives, because it is more convenient than the alternative.
For Bitcoin to become widely used as money, its use must become more convenient than paying with cash or swiping a credit card.
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:06:52
*Cetes paribus* you would be right - but *cetes* is most definitely **not** *paribus* here.
There are many other factors besides transaction costs. Easy-of-use. Infrastructure. Consumer protection. Etc., etc. Some people might not be using Bitcoin not because it is not cheaper but because it is more difficult for them to use.
@_date: 2015-01-31 12:23:05
You really should write a proper paper about your findings and not just a Reddit post that will be forgotten by tomorrow. Write a paper, describe your methodology, put the script in an appendix and publish the paper (or at least make it available on-line), so that it could be properly cited.
@_date: 2015-01-21 12:02:33
For instance Litecoin uses a blockchain without bitcoins. The blockchain is a technology, a distributed public ledger. Banks have no business regulating technologies. But the moment you start using a technology for monetary transactions, it needs to be regulated in order to enforce the property rights of the people.
@_date: 2015-01-08 20:20:07
Correct, but problem is not specific to Bitcoin. It exists in conventional e-banking too. It is simply impossible to trust a compromised machine - with *anything*.
@_date: 2014-12-29 21:25:48
Wake me up when Bitcoin's purchasing power becomes as stable as that of gold. Unless, of course, I am already dead.
@_date: 2015-01-24 14:19:29
It wasn't "at the same time". Bitstamp got hacked ear the beginning of this year. KTB's troubles began in the spring of 2014. Its depositors were finally made whole by the Bulgarian equivalent of FDIC in December 2014. (Which, BTW, turned out not having enough money to cover even the depositors of a single bank, so it had to make a 2-billon loan.)
@_date: 2015-01-13 10:37:43




I didn't say that. I said that all consumers are paying (one way or another) for those scams that are successful, even if they aren't scammed directly.


This is difficult to quantify. There are just too many factors. Bitcoiners are a much smaller segment of the market. Bitcoin-related scams are much more visible to the consumer than credit card-related ones. Bitcoin transactions are much cheaper, so the tribute to the scammers comes from the more visible end (directly from the scammed consumer). It's still a very new and unregulated area. Not saying that you are right or wrong - just that it is difficult to quantify and compare.
But my point was that you are always paying for the successful scams - one way or another. It just happens in different ways in the credit card industry and in the Bitcoin world.


Not sure if tech alone is the solution... You'd need laws, regulations, customer protection, insurance.... And you might end up in the same spot as credit cards - fewer directly scammed consumers but more expensive transactions.
Personally, I don't think that Bitcoin should be used by the consumer at all - just like nobody is using SDRs. Bitcoing should be just the underlying payment method with the consumer not even aware how his money is transferred to the seller.
@_date: 2015-01-19 18:33:18
Only 80% of the money that was exceeding the insured amount. Beats the hell out of "your entire savings is gone overnight", doesn't it?
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:15:41
It's even worse, actually, because Bitcoin is not even a stock. It's like saying "NASDAQ of Indian Rupee".
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:28:44
Sorry, I don't understand why mining is always profitable, could you please elaborate on that?
I do understand that difficulty adjusts with total hashing power, so if some miners drop out of the game, mining (for the rest of them) will become easier. But why profitable?
A miner has costs - costs of equipment (which isn't one-time, contrary to intuition, because it tends to get old and you need to buy new, more advanced equipment to replace it) and electricity costs (and, no, solar energy isn't free; you pay for it with the price of the solar panels). A miner has also revenues, equal to the price of the mined new coins plus collected transaction fees.
For the mining to be profitable, revenues must exceed costs. If the market price drops, the miner is forced to reduce costs or require higher transaction fees. If neither is possible, the miner goes out of business.
Are you saying that if the market price drops, the miners will stop mining, the difficulty will drop, and it will cost less electricity to mine? (I am desperately trying to make economic sense of your reasoning here, so I am grasping at straws when thinking of what you might mean.)
What makes you think that a perfect equilibrium will always exist? Difficulty gets adjusted after a given number of blocks. What if the price has dropped so low, that miners have quit en masse, and you are left waiting forever for the right number of blocks to get mined, so that the difficulty can be adjusted down? And that's just the most obvious scenario I can think off; there are probably many more ways in which the system can get out of whack.
Also, what makes you think that the decreased difficulty will be enough to reduce the electricity costs by a large enough margin and make mining profitable again? I understand that there are many miners with different costs, so it's a dynamic system and it won't collapse vertically (as could happen, if there were only one miner) - but it still can deteriorate pretty fast if both the price and the block reward drop low enough, methinks...
Also, the block reward is trending logarithmically towards zero - can, say, 5 years down the road the difficulty go down low enough to make mining as low on electricity consumption as it is today? What if the price then is lower than today's price?
@_date: 2015-01-08 22:09:39
I agree that value is what matters - but value is subjective and difficult to quantify. Price/salary isn't. You *know* if you are paid more or less dollars and how many more or less exactly. You "feel" that the same amount of dollars is buying you less goods and services over time, but it is extremely difficult (impossible?) to measure how much less exactly.
Yes, people do not like inflation, I know that. But they like even less salary decreases or being unemployed, because their employer can no longer afford to pay them their old salary.
Ideally, a currency ought to be stable - neither inflationary, nor deflationary. I mean, come on, we don't want our standard for measuring length to increase (or decrease!) with time, so why on Earth would we want it to happen with our standard for measuring value?! Unfortunately, nobody has managed to achieve that yet. Maybe a currency should inflate proportionally to the population and the productivity, in order to keep its buying power constant? But it's practically impossible to measure productivity in a meaningful and precise way, and it would still be unfair to savers.
I am definitely *not* in the "deflation is bad" camp. There has been about a century of economic prosperity in the USA while on a gold standard, fixed money supply and mildly declining prices. Prices decline in the IT sector so fast, that they manage to beat even the currency inflation - and by a large margin, at that - yet the producers still prosper, because they are making profit from the difference between the cost of production and the selling price, no matter which way the prices are moving (as long as they are moving in sync). Deflation is bad only when it runs out of control - but that's true for just about anything.
I am just saying that inflation is more palatable to the common man, because it's effects are more difficult to observe and measure precisely, while a deflating nominal wage will not be accepted well, since it will be visible and exactly measurable.
@_date: 2015-01-04 15:21:48
If I were Russian, I'd have more pressing problems than reading Tim Draper's nonsense.
@_date: 2015-01-25 18:24:37


I with it were that simple. :-)
I'll grant you one thing - if the Fed hadn't printed gazillions of dollars in '08, we'd be in a Greater Depression now. But that's not the whole story, unfortunately.
First of all, Fed's easy credit after the bursting of the NASDAQ bubble was the reason for the '08 crisis. The availability of cheap credit made it possible to create all these bizarre financial instruments that were basically relying on the housing prices always going up (which they did while the bubble lasted). So, if it weren't for the Fed, we wouldn't have had the '08 crisis.
Second, it is arguable whether Fed's constant meddling (even with best intentions in mind) doesn't do more harm than good. Absent a nanny meddling entity, financial crises would be much less frequent, deeper and shorter - as they were before the Fed was created. Basically, the market would quickly purge itself from the bad businesses. Yes, many people would suffer more than they do now, but their number would be much smaller than it is now and the suffering would be much shorter.
Market crises are like wildfires. They are unpleasant but they serve a purpose - to burn the underbush often. If you forcefully prevent these fires, when eventually a forest fired does happen (which is inevitable), it will be much worse, because there will be much more fuel for it.
@_date: 2015-01-16 10:46:31
Maybe dangerous fads are the wave of the future.
@_date: 2015-01-31 21:05:43
Keynesian crap. Putting the cart before the horse. Inflation is not *necessary* for a healthy economy. A healthy economy often *causes* mild inflation. But if the economy is in the gutter, inflating the money supply ain't gonna help you. Despite all the trillions of dollars printed, the Fed hasn't created even a single bit of wealth. Hey have only helped wealth re-distribution.
@_date: 2015-01-28 09:09:44
At least it wasn't the account of [InfoSec Taylor Swift]( that got hacked...
@_date: 2015-01-01 12:33:26
Wake me up when you learn to read.
@_date: 2015-01-19 16:28:55
This is doing it wrong. You are trying to convince people to buy bitcoins, transfer them, and the recipient to sell them for their own currency. This is wrong, wrong, wrong. So many things can go wrong and so many people can lose money this way.
Bitcoin should *not* be used by the consumer. Instead, set up a company that operates this way. The user gives you cash and identifies the recipient in some way. The recipient receives cash (in his home currency) from your branch in his country. *Your company* buys and sells the bitcoins needed to transfer the money. Do *not* offload the burden to the consumer, if you want to have customers.
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:26:17
Yes, I imagine that would be the normal reaction people like you have when faced with serious research.
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:46:58
I am sorry but you still haven't explained to me why mining will always be profitable.
Was my assumption of what you are thinking correct - that when miners stop mining, difficulty adjusts down and makes mining cost less electricity?
Or are you saying that a large majority of the miners quitting is not a realistic scenario? Based on what assumptions?
Or are you saying that when mining becomes unprofitable, miners will stop selling (at a loss) and their hoarding will drive the price back up? That idea has provably failed in the shale oil business. The current oil price is below the production costs of many shale oil producers, but they are still producing and selling (yes, at a loss), thus contributing to the supply glut and suppressing the price further - just so that they can earn at least some money and be able to service their (huge) debts. But if the price stays low, they will be driven out of business, that's inevitable.
I honestly don't understand your reasoning. Perhaps I just don't know something you assume to be widely known. That's why I asked for elaboration.
@_date: 2015-01-09 21:45:34
That's right, you don't think. At all.
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:28:50
Your ignorance is simply stunning. You don't have to "reproduce asteroids" - all you need to do is to be able to reproduce astronomical observations. Since those *are* reproducible, Astronomy is an exact science. (Not that it has been completely free from idiocies, of course. Mars channels, anyone?)
@_date: 2015-01-08 21:43:48
Again, you are only demonstrating your ignorance. The hypothesis-experiment-confirmation-or-rejection method works only with exact sciences. It doesn't work with social sciences. *Other* methods are used there. This doesn't mean that they aren't sciences.
Specifically, in economics, you build a sound theory *first*, not as a result of the observed results from a series of experiments. (We can't reproduce the Great Depression with one condition changed in order to verify our hypothesis of what caused it.) You construct a theory that is sound and explains the human interactions in the society. Then, based on that theory, you explain the observed future interactions. If your theory is sound, it will have significant, albeit imprecise, predictive power.
For instance, Austrian economic theory suggests that inflation (increasing the money supply) leads to the distortion of the economic signals, resulting in malinvestments. As a result, wealth is transferred from those who get the new "money" last to those who get them first. Also, capital is consumed (destroyed) and eventually this results in an economic bust. Note that I didn't say anything about price increases. *Some* prices may increase more than reasonable (because malinvestment results in increased demand for goods and services that are otherwise not economically profitable) but you cannot predict in advance which prices will increase, by how much and when. This is why I said that although the theory has predictive power, is not as precise as that of the exact sciences.
And, of course, the social sciences are full of bogus theories. But just because you are not educated sufficiently in a particular subject does not mean that this subject is "bullshit", "pseudo-science" and so on. It only means that you are ignorant.
@_date: 2015-01-17 19:47:27
1. The macro you quoted is not a Word macro. It is an Excel macro. A macro named Workbook_Open() gets executed every time Excel opens the spreadsheet (XLS file) containing it. The Word equivalent is named Document_Open().
2. This is not a virus. It is a Trojan horse. (Viruses replicate themselves. Trojan horses do not.) The macro part downloads and executes an executable file, which presumably does all the nefarious stuff.
3. Not only Word but all Microsoft Office applications can contain macro malware - Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio... Other Office automation packages that sport macro languages (e.g., LibreOffice) can contain macro malware, too - but they are used much less than Microsoft Office which is just about everywhere. Some malicious macro programs are cross-platform - for instance, several macro viruses exist that can infect Word, Excel and PowerPoint documents.
4. By default, the Microsoft Office applications are configured to ignore any macros in the documents unless these macros are digitally signed with a key the user has indicated as being trustworthy. You don't get any warnings or prompts whether to execute the macros - they are simply ignored as if they aren't there. Some versions might display status information that the document contains macros but they are disabled. To bypass this, nowadays malware authors usually put some text in the document that attempts to convince the user to disable the macro protection (i.e., to allow all macros to run, even the unsigned ones).
P.S. BTW, my name is Vesselin Bontchev. Google me if you doubt that I know what I am talking about. I used to be somewhat famous. ;-)
@_date: 2015-01-30 12:35:31


It has to be, if you want to consider gold a deflationary currency. The supply of gold increases by about 1.5% annually - it's just that goods and services increase even faster, because of the increasing population and productivity.
@_date: 2015-01-28 19:06:40


Banks make loans fractionally backed by their reserves, which reserves come mostly from the deposited money. But this doesn't really matter.
You didn't address my question. In fact, fractional reserve banking is totally irrelevant here. Assume a gold standard and non-fractional reserve banking - as banking used to be. You put your gold coins in a bank, because they have better storage facilities and pay them a small amount of money for the service. The bank finds a good lending opportunity and is offering to lend your money out, for a small commission (because it found the lender and not you). Then your savings are still an investment. But what about Bitcoin when your money isn't in a bank but entirely in your control?
@_date: 2015-01-31 22:03:15
What about the disappearance of Hashie.co (which came back in January after the alleged hack in December) and LTCgear?
@_date: 2015-01-30 14:52:02


They are my broker, too. The above is slightly imprecise - the limitation is not just on OTC shares but on any shares lower than $5. It has something to do with their margin requirements (you can't buy a stock that trades for less than $5 on margin via them, either). And, yes, I've had cases when Ameritrade wouldn't let me short something (although I don't remember any more whether it was a stock or an ETF; probably an ETF, since I rarely trade individual stocks). "Not available for borrowing at the moment", they told me.
@_date: 2015-01-30 14:12:40
I don't know for sure, since I don't play these things. I think it depends on how many people have guessed right. A jackpot of about $1.5 million (when converted to USD, I mean) is normal, don't know about higher.
@_date: 2015-01-08 21:29:07
I was talking about on-line banking, which is usually the victim of malware and man-in-the-middle attacks that were brought up, and I happen to be an expert in malware. I have less experience with credit card fraud.
You can actually refuse to pay your credit card bill?! Maybe it depends on the country... In my country banks are *very* suspicious to claims that you have been scammed and you are basically assumed guilty until you prove them beyond reasonable doubt that you have taken every possible precaution... And even then they may decide to cancel your credit card if they decide that you "get scammed way too often".
There was also a case of "phantom withdrawals" from ATMs in the UK, where all the banks were swearing to God that "we're all secure, you must have given your card and PIN to somebody else, so it's your fault and eat up the losses" until it turned out that a gang had actually access to the facility producing the cards and the PINs were far from random and could be guessed in about 3 attempts....
Not to mention the case when some Ukrainian geniuses have managed to get their malware in the firmware (yes, on the chip, I kid you not) of the PCs used in popular ATMs, allowing them to withdraw money by entering a special code...
Anyway, my point was that money-related scams and heists happen in every money-related business and are in no way unique to Bitcoin, although there they seem to happen with a frequency much higher than tolerable. By saying that you haven't lost money due to a conventional banking related scam (yet), you sound no better than the Bitcoiners who say "but nobody has stolen any bitcoiners from me" (yet).
@_date: 2015-01-03 12:17:51
I would destroy the private keys to them, so that I am not tempted to spend them.
@_date: 2015-01-06 16:10:39
You state that the only lawful transactions are those conducted in the national currency. Then instruct the banks to close down the accounts of everybody suspected of violating the law, raid the businesses suspected of violating the law, monitor the Internet, catch a few individuals breaking the law and have a few very public prosecutions of them.
This will drive all law-abiding and/or fearful citizens (which is the vast majority of the population) away from Bitcoin, altcoins, foreign currency and barter. A few fearless criminals will keep trading on the black market but they will be too few to matter.
@_date: 2015-01-08 20:14:28


Not really. The "man in the middle" (e.g., the virus on your compromised machine) intercepts the operation and modifies the results of it, so that what you see on your screen is "signature verified", while your crypto software is actually trying to tell you exactly the opposite.
You *cannot* trust a compromised machine. Not with Bitcoin, not with on-line banking - not with anything.
@_date: 2015-01-08 21:49:49
You are the ignorant one. I have read some serious research, indicating that the volatility of Bitcoin is direct result of its properties. But let's not get into that.
My point was that, due to its tremendous volatility, Bitcoin *is not a store of value*. (And neither is a penny stock, for instance.) I do not believe that this will change in the future - but I can certainly be wrong on this account. That doesn't change my point, however. Even if Bitcoin becomes non-volatile and a suitable store of value at some undetermined point of time in the future, it is certainly *not* that now.
@_date: 2015-01-31 20:55:44
There were lots of things to buy - it was money that was scarce.
Inflation: Everything gets more expensive, your salary can't keep up and you can afford to buy less and less.
Deflation: Everything keeps getting cheaper but you are out of a job, have no money and can't buy a thing.
@_date: 2015-01-30 12:44:52


That's how the banksters re-defined the term in the early 20th century - and it is *wrong*. (It was done for political reasons, too, but let's not get into that now.)
"General price level" is a nonsensical term. There is no such thing and it cannot be measured.


The CPI is just one flawed way of trying to measure what cannot be measured. A much better one is MIT's "Billion Prices Project" - but it, too, of course, fails to measure the idiocy called "general price level".


True but irrelevant, because this wasn't what I did. I just wrote what is the proper definition of "inflation". The prices of a product depend on 4 factors - supply of the product, demand for the product, supply of money and demand to hold money. Of these, only the money supply (and perhaps the supply of the product) are easy to measure. The other two are not. And that's just for *one* product. Trying to measure a "general price level" for all products is complete, total, utter nonsense, because these prices vary differently for different reasons.


There is no deflation - just about every country is inflating like crazy. If the fear is of falling prices, it is misplaced too. Obviously, falling prices are good for the savers and for the customer generally. Are they bad for the producers? Obviously not, or the IT-producing companies would have gone out of business long time ago, since the prices of their products keep falling.
The producer makes a profit from the spread between the cost of production and the selling price of the end product. It doesn't matter which way the prices are going (up, down or sideways), as long as they are, more or less, in sync.
The only ones who are afraid of deflation are those who are in debt - like just about every government, as well as those whose job is to peddle debt, like the banks.
@_date: 2015-01-03 11:34:05
There is another famous picture from the Weimar hyperinflation - a housewife stoking a stove with bundles of cash.
And another one from the Hungarian hyperinflation - banknotes laying on the street and an old man sweeping them with a broom like fallen leaves, because they are not worth the effort to pick up from the ground.
@_date: 2015-01-08 10:26:30
I have no problem with sound money as a store of value - and, indeed, gold and silver have been that for centuries. I was just pointing out that Bitcoin isn't "it".
@_date: 2015-01-24 15:42:56
LOL. When your debt goes up by 40% in a few minutes, that's the opposite of hyper-inflation.
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:11:10


Inflation is the increase of money supply relative to the available pool of goods and services. "Price inflation" is nonsense because, first, price increases are not inflation (they are one of the symptoms of inflation and can increase for other reasons, too) and, second, it cannot be measured (since different things appreciate differently when the money supply increases - the new money is not distributed homogeneously).


That link points to the increase of the monetary base. A better measurement is the [True Money Supply]( According to it, the US dollar inflation is about 8% annually - which is still significantly lower than that of Bitcoin currently.
@_date: 2015-01-22 10:45:03
It is the wrong question, really. It's like asking "will inflation destroy all our savings overnight?". The answer is - of course not.
A mild deflation should not be confused with an out-of-control deflationary spiral, just like a mild inflation should not be confused with Zimbabwe-style hyper-inflation. As long as neither becomes extreme and out-of-control, it is perfectly possible to have a functional and prosperous economy with either of them.
@_date: 2015-01-03 11:58:55
Unfortunately, Tribler is an unusable piece of crap. When I tested it, it couldn't download even its own test file.
@_date: 2015-01-22 11:43:20
I'll believe that after six confirmations.
@_date: 2015-01-08 09:40:49
So, you are OK working for an employer who will regularly reduce your salary (in nominal terms)? Many people wouldn't be. Just like increased inflation is more palatable than rising taxes, inflation eating up your wage is more palatable than the employer reducing it. It doesn't make a difference in theory, but the perceptions are different.
Yes, I am not talking about Bitcoin in particular, either - I am talking about a deflationary currency in general.
@_date: 2015-01-08 10:32:46
It is "common" nowadays, since the banksters have hijacked the term. It wasn't common in von Mises' days and, in fact, he was witnessing this hijacking process and published a sharp critique of it.
The *proper* meaning of "inflation" is "increase of the money supply relative to the supply of goods and services". Price increases (what they call "price inflation") is just one unreliable *symptom* of inflation (unreliable in the sense that it doesn't always happen and you cannot predict in advance when prices will increase, by how much and the prices of which products will increase).
@_date: 2015-01-07 11:13:13
I think Slim already left the building.
@_date: 2015-01-01 10:55:21
My 2015 Bitcoin prediction:
My 2015 Bitcoin prediction will turn out to be false.
@_date: 2015-01-07 09:08:59
Yep. They also labeled him "domestic terrorist" for "trying to undermine the US currency". It's very easy to apply the same "logic" to anyone who uses anything but US dollars, e.g., Bitcoin.
As I said, the *only* reason why the US government has not cracked down on Bitcoin is because, for one reason or another, it doesn't see the need to do so. Not because it cannot.
@_date: 2015-01-19 08:42:41
If Greece decides to default on its obligations (that's a big if), the ECB will stop the flows that currently keep the Greek banks solvent. Most Greek banks will fail overnight. The only solution would be to close them for a short time, switch to a locally-controlled currency (e.g., a new drahma), forcefully convert all bank accounts to the new currency, introduce strict capital controls and devalue the currency.
While this is unlikely to happen (assuming that SYRIZA consists only of liars and not of complete idiots), the possibility of it happening does exist.
The (wild) speculation here is that the scared Greeks will rush into Bitcoin, in order to save their savings or to transfer them abroad. Not gonna happen, even if Greece defaults. Capital controls are no joke. I still have funds frozen in Iceland, Bitcoin or no Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-02 11:44:14
Yup. Yet another economically incompetent article. What a surprise. Not.
@_date: 2015-01-29 14:23:48
First, in order to short it, you have to borrow shares from somewhere. In thinly traded markets, it's often difficult to borrow shares from your broker (who simply doesn't have enough of them laying around).
Second, it is stupid to compare the repository to the number of longs. You should compare it to the number of net longs (i.e., longs minus shorts).
Third, it is a stupid comparison anyway. The ETF is not a bank. It's *only* purpose is to track the gold price reliably. This means that its custodian must sell shares and buy gold if people are buying shares faster than gold - and must sell gold and buy shares if people are buying gold faster than the shares. Of course, for that it must have some kind of buffer reserve of gold (shares are created on a computer). But if the buying (or selling) of the ETF shares matches precisely that of physical gold, the ETF custodian doesn't have to do a thing. So, you can have 1 million people go net long the shares and if the corresponding number of people buy exactly the corresponding amount of gold at the same time, the ETF custodian doesn't have to buy even a single additional ounce of gold.
@_date: 2015-01-31 20:47:46


No, you cannot. Not only aren't TIPS risk-free (read the prospectus!), they aren't even indexed to inflation. They are indexed to the make-believe often-manipulated imaginary index called the CPI, which is designed to understate inflation.
@_date: 2015-01-08 10:20:50


Fair enough. So, please change "no inflation" to "large inflation now, which will be reduced to acceptable levels in about a decade".


Indeed, centralized systems require trust in the central entity. Ask yourself - as a whole, does the humanity trust the central financial institutions that have had centuries to establish themselves, or does it trust more a bunch of yahoos with PCs?
Just because a payment method allows us to transfer value without trusting any particular third party (which is indeed a revolutionary invention), does not mean that a Bitcoin-based economy does not require trust in centralized entities. And with the current state of affairs, this trust is often misplaced. Mt. Gox. Bitstamp, countless of other minor exchanges that have failed, have suspended accounts, or are spying on your purchases. Not to mention the many individuals that have been individually scammed by other individuals while trading with them via Localbitcoins. Unless, of course, they haven't been scammed (yet) because they have opted to put their trust in a centralized entity, like Localbitcoins' escrow system.
Maybe things will improve in the future. I sincerely hope that they do, because the current state of scams is simply intolerable and keeps the average person away from this technology.


Fair enough. Please change "fast and easy" to "fast and horribly cumbersome but expected to become easier at some undetermined point of time in the future, when enough apps and infrastructure have been developed" and you'll get no objection from me.


I don't think that you understand how economics works. In a free market rational people act in a way they expect to profit them. Mining requires capital expense for hardware and electricity - significant one, too. Nobody in their right mind would do it without expecting to profit from it. Therefore, the price of the block reward plus the fees from the processed transactions must be greater than the costs of the operation - otherwise people simply will not do it. It is not possible to determine how much the fees will be at any particular point of time, because we cannot predict the price reliably, but *if* the block reward and/or the price of bitcoins drop *significantly*, miners will stop mining *unless* people start paying large enough fees to make the business of the miners profitable (or the miners can get access to much more cost-efficient hardware and cheaper energy sources).


That's another economically ignorant statement. Price volatility does not depend on market cap. It depends, to some significant degree, on market liquidity (i.e., the number of buyers and sellers) but it is by far not the only factor. I've seen credible research demonstrating that price volatility is an inherent property of Bitcoin but it's too lengthy to explain here. In any case, increasing the market cap (which basically means increasing the price, since the number of units has an upper bound) won't solve the problem.


You can't uninvent Betamax, either, but it turned out not to be the future.


The vast majority of fiat money is *already* digital. I can pay over the internet with fiat without any problems - I don't need Bitcoin to make it easier. Bitcoin *does* make it faster and cheaper, but it is arguable whether the associated inconvenience and prevalence of scams (and political fallout in those countries that have seen fit to ban it) is worth these advantages.
TL;DR it is arguable whether Bitcoin is "the future". It is certainly interesting technology with a lot of potential but it would need a lot of development before becoming fit for mainstream use. (In fact, I don't think that it should be used by the average consumer at all. It should be used only as a value-transfer method without the customer even being aware that it is the underlying payment protocol - instead of forcing the consumer to "buy bitcoins and spend them" and the producers to "accept bitcoins".)
@_date: 2015-01-28 18:58:19


What the company does, does not matter. What matters is whether the company is profitable and whether it would ultimately deliver these profits to its investors.


No, it depends on their skill in trading these commodities. A commodity trader can make money no matter whether the commodity he is trading is going up, down or even sideways.
If this company is making profits consistently (and these seem to be delivered to the investors, one way or another), and you buy shares in it, expecting a long-term continuous payout, then you are investing. Of course, it could happen that a rogue trader in that company makes a fatal mistake tomorrow and the company goes bust. Then it is a bad investment. As I said, there are risks both when investing and when speculating - they are just different risks and you can't say which one is bigger (that depends on the circumstances).


No. When investing in a profitable business, I have understood how its business model works and how it makes money and why it is likely to continue doing so. Of course, I could be mistaken. Of course, I am still putting my capital at risk. But if, say, a company is a commodity brokerage and makes money off commissions, I don't care which way the commodities go. It can still be a bad investment - e.g., if there is a global depression, trading in commodities slows down considerably, their commissions aren't enough to make up for their expenses, and they cannot find a way to cut their costs. That's my risk. But I am not betting on commodities going one way or another by investing in a commodity brokerage.


No, I wouldn't say that. Investment isn't speculation. The common between the two is that they both put capital at risk. That's it. Speculation is an informed bet that the price of a financial instrument will move in a particular way. Your risk is that it doesn't. Investment is buying a long-term cash flow that would be delivered to the investors one way or another. Your risk is that the cash flow stops.
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:14:07
It is complete and utter crap as an anti-virus, though. Mostly because the people developing it don't have a clue.
But, hey, I'm biased. I used to work in the anti-virus industry.
@_date: 2015-01-17 20:47:46
These euros are on the SNB's balance sheet (some 370 freaking *billion* of them). It doesn't matter that they were acquired with printed money. Once on the balance sheet, they are assets. And since the ECB is expected to start some major printing next week, questions would be asked and fingers pointed when (not if) these assets start dropping in value.
@_date: 2015-01-21 13:01:12
The irony here is that the Cyprus banks collapsed because Cyprus was using the euro and its central bank was unable to create additional amounts of money to help the insolvent banks.
Also, I've found that lots of people prefer the lesser evil of having 100.000 euros insured and a large part of any amount above that lost, or to slowly lose purchasing power due to inflation, than to lose 100% of their money overnight because some unregulated exchange in a remote part of the world decided to run away with their money. Yes, I know. Some people are really stupid like that.
@_date: 2015-01-20 10:28:40
It is much less sickening than the alternative.
Besides, what exactly do you want? You got a government-sponsored insurance policy for a certain limit. The bank failed - not due to a fault of your own, but, to a some extent, it was your fault for leaving your money in an unsound bank; you didn't do your research and due diligence.
The government kept its word, its insurance policy paid and the insured amount of money wasn't lost. A large part of the non-insured money *was* lost - but not all of it.
What more do you want? If you take an insurance against fire and the insurance company doesn't pay because a flood destroyed part of your house instead (and there was no insurance against that), do you still blame the insurance company and call its actions "sickening"?
@_date: 2015-01-01 10:52:00
Has it been disclosed whether the ETF shares would be redeemable for bitcoins and at what limits?
@_date: 2015-01-31 21:54:37
You are correct that a currency with constant purchasing power would be ideal - certainly much better than an inflationary or a deflationary currency. After all, we don't want our standard for measuring lengths to increase or decrease with time - why would we want that for our standard for measuring value?!
Problem is, nobody has managed to achieve that yet. Sadly, the purchasing power of money is not a function of its supply alone. There are many other factors - demand to hold money, demand for money to spend, confidence in the currency, etc.
This aside, neither inflation nor deflation are a serious problem for the economy when they are mild and stable. The economy adjusts to take it into account. The problems start occurring when either of the two starts running out-of-control - i.e., when we get hyper-inflation or a deflationary spiral.
@_date: 2015-01-22 13:24:20
Again, what would that achieve? All it would do is prove that Coinbase has sufficient amount of bitcoins to cover *your* assets. It wouldn't necessarily mean that it is fully reserved.
Only if every single Coinbase account transfers the bitcoins it holds to external addresses simultaneously, would that be a proof of reserves. But that can never be arranged in practice.
So, if you want a proof that the company is solvent, you still need regulations and auditing by an independent and professional third party. Yiikes! There goes the decentralization and trustlessness...
@_date: 2015-01-08 09:03:47
Why would I want to hire you if paying your wage would be more expensive for me tomorrow?
@_date: 2015-01-25 18:15:43






Well, this is a tricky one. With "normal" money (fiat or gold, doesn't matter) kept in banks, you are correct - savings are equivalent to capital available for investment, because the bank invests on your behalf.
But what about Bitcoin? You are your own bank. You keep the bitcoins (well, access to them anyway). If you do not invest your savings yourself, they aren't an investment, they are a hoard - i.e., out of the economy.
@_date: 2015-01-02 12:27:00
Resorting to name-calling is usually an indication that you have exhausted your ability to make reasonable arguments, if you had any in the first place.
Happy speculating.
@_date: 2015-01-11 10:02:17
LOL. Nobody does scams like that. And not because of the possibility to reverse the transaction but because if the scammer sends your money to his bank, he will be found and prosecuted.
No, they send the money to the dumb "money mules" who have been duped that they are really working for a reputable "international company", who are allowed to "keep" some percentage of the money (10% is not unusual) and are instructed to send the rest (immediately!) to the actual scammer via Western Union.
By the time the scam is discovered, the money is long gone and the best one can do is prosecute the money mule for being an idiot.
But that's besides the point. My point was that a lot of scams succeed, as witnessed by the reported losses from the credit card industry (you mentioned 3 billion; I don't have any such statistics handy, so I'll take your word for it). These are scams that have *already* succeeded and the money was lost. Lost by the credit card companies. And that doesn't even account for the money lost by the sellers, because the credit card companies managed to reverse the transaction and recover their losses from the scam. My point is that you (and everybody else using credit cards and on-line payments) is paying for *those* losses all the time in transaction fees and increased prices.
Those paying in Bitcoin do not pay like that. But, since there is no free lunch, they still pay - in losses due to hacks (of their own wallets and of the exchanges) and in scams conducted by "sellers" who insist on being paid in Bitcoin but never deliver.
There is no free lunch. Scams exist, they are successful and we all are paying for them, one way or another.
@_date: 2015-01-15 19:20:45
It's just a marketing gimmik.
When encrypted e-mail is sent to a non-ProtonMail user, what he actually receives is a link to the encrypted copy of the e-mail on the ProtonMail servers. The password has to be sent via some other channel. The user enters the password and the ProtonMail server decrypts and displays the message.
What this means is that copies of all e-mails sent to external users keep piling up on the ProtonMail servers. Since they cannot rely that the recipient will be always a good boy and will delete the messages he no longer needs, they are enforcing a "delete after N days" policy.
"Self-destructing e-mails" just sounds sexier than "we aren't going to keep old copies of your sent e-mails forever given that you aren't paying for it".
@_date: 2015-01-07 16:12:40
OK, let me play devil's advocate here.
1. No inflation. This is a lie. Currently the money supply of bitcoins is inflated at about 10% annually due to mining. Few mainstream fiat currencies are *that* bad. They usually restrain themselves to about 5-8% annual money supply inflation. Yes, inflation in Bitcoin is decreasing exponentially and will eventually disappear 140 years from now - but by then we all will be dead so it doesn't really concern us right now.
2. Decentralization (No Government, banks needed). While true, is this really an universal advantage? Centralization means that one professional entity is in charge of the currency. Decentralization means that millions of random yahoos are supposed to be "their own bank", which results in scores of "my wallet was stolen" and "exchange X was hacked" stories. It also means no insurance and no customer protection. Surely these can be considered at least minor inconveniences sometimes?
3. Fast and easy. Fast - maybe. Easy - gimme a break.
4. No/few transaction fees - only as long as miners are sufficiently rewarded. Once the block reward (and/or the price of BTC) drops sufficiently, miners will start requiring significantly larger fees in order to do their job - or they will stop doing it at all, grinding the system to a halt.
5. Store of purchasing power (just 21 million coins). Actually, their number is lower, because some are irreversibly lost and some will be uneconomical to mine. However, purchasing power is not determined by the number of units alone. I might own a snowflake that is unique, in the sense that there no other in the world like it, yet its purchasing power is zero. Plus, a *store* of purchasing power is something that keeps a relatively *constant* purchasing power. If the purchasing power of something fluctuates +1000% in one year and -60% the next, that's no "store" of value, no matter how much speculative profits you managed to make off it.
6. Secure from government sanctions. Yeah, right. Which country will be banning Bitcoin this week? 'Coz I already lost track of those that already have.
7. Money for the people (No fees, interest and activity charge). I am not interested in money for the "people". I am interested in money for the markets. The whole concept of money was invented so that people could trade more easily, not as some sort of socialist do-gooding. I already addressed the "no fees" and "activity charge" issue above. And no interest is actually a flaw. By lending money, I am taking risk that whoever borrows them will not be able or willing to repay them back. For taking such a risk, I expect to be rewarded with interest, proportional to that risk. If am not going to be rewarded, I am not going to risk my money - i.e., I won't invest them.
8. It's the future. I respectfully refuse to believe that your crystal ball works better than mine or anyone else's.
9. Money of the Internet. The internet was working just fine before Bitcoin was invented, thank you very much.
Now, please understand that much of the above was written tongue-in-cheek. I do find the blockchain technology fascinating and it probably will have interesting applications - or I wouldn't be here, following the developments. However, the wide-eyed attitude of some Bitcoiners who are often ignorant of finance and economics really cracks me up sometimes... I assure you, it does nothing to increase the popularity of your favorite technology. Just the opposite.
@_date: 2015-01-18 13:03:02
"The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary."
@_date: 2015-01-01 13:36:29


*Profits*, not revenues. If a company spends more than it receives as revenues, it has no cash flow. It has cash outflow. :-)


That's only one way to pass the cash flow to the investors. Other ones are dividends or distributions.


You can't really compare the two. There are different difficulties involved. The amount of BTC has an upper limit but you don't really know how many have been lost, so you don't know the exact amount. Plus, the number is minuscule. For the US dollar, the assets of the various banks and counties are public information, but the numbers are so large, that not some pity 21 million but even a trillion is just a rounding error, so determining the precise number is also difficult but for different reasons.


The dollars were absorbed by the emerging markets who either have dollar-denominated debts they need to repay, or use dollars to park excess reserves, or use them to maintain some stupid peg. Basically, the collapsing global debt bubble (which started collapsing in 2000 and will have many more years to collapse) is putting deflationary pressures on the markets and creates a need for larger amounts of the reserve currency which is perceived as a safe haven. That, and of course the banks who prefer to keep the dollars as excess reserves (that even currently pay interest) instead of making risky loans.
There are plenty of risks, the main one is that the whole show will get out of control, resulting either in a deflationary collapse as mountains of debt turn out to be unpayable or in a hyperinflation if the dollar holders are spooked by something.


Bitcoin is a medium of exchange, which is the very definition of currency. People are exchanging goods and services based on it. It's certainly not an official currency (i.e., a legal tender) and it is certainly not money (don't think that anything is, these days) - but it is certainly a currency.


Yes, it is *also* a payment method. But it is still not a company and it still doesn't have cash flow. You can't invest in methods.


AmEx is a *profitable company*. It's business might be payment processing, but itself is neither a currency nor a payment method and it does have cash flow.


If it had profits then, investing in it was certainly possible. I still wouldn't have invested in it. Too much risk.


I am not arguing that 1000% growth is unusual. I am arguing that putting money in an idea, a currency, a commodity, or a no-profit company is not an investment. It's speculation - even when it yields 1000% profits.


I need regulators telling me that a business (even if it is a Bitcoin-related business) is not a scam.


I am a great fan of cryptography, open source, transparency and the whole blockchain idea - this is why I am here. I admire everything that would make various aspects of life easier and more secure. However, I do not plan to speculate with my money on any of it.


You are confusing two different things. Trading on a regulated stock market provides more safety, at least now. If something can improve on that - so much the better. But it doesn't automatically make something an investment. There are plenty of no-profit companies trading on the stock market and you can't invest in them, because they have no cash flow. You can only speculate in them. At the same time, your uncle might have a private profitable business that you can invest in, even though it is not traded publicly, because it has established cash flow.


That's not my assertion. My assertion is that you can only invest in a business that has positive cash flow it would ultimately pass to its investors. The stock market provides a relatively safe means for picking such investment candidates. It is neither necessary or sufficient for something to trade there in order for it to be an investment.


And I was involved in trying to take a company public. We failed. Not because we were a scam but because it turned out to be freaking expensive (with continuous expenses; not just a one-time thing) and simply not worth the effort. Still invested in the company privately. Made 900% profit on my investment when the company was sold, although I would have preferred if it were not sold and I could maintain my stake in it. Saw 0% of it, because the freaking Icelandic government saw fit to impose capital controls...


Since I don't know you, I can only make conclusions about what you know and what you don't based on the knowledge you display.


Yes, I do, except that I am not alone in my definition of what an investment is. There are plenty of experts (some of them appear on TV, some are even Nobel laureates) who talk blatant nonsense.


What I am saying is that it is not the *level* (size) of the risk that differentiates between speculation and investment, as that article claims.
If I buy 1 BTC at $300 with a stop at $290, that's speculation and my risk is $10. If I invest in 1 share of a profitable company that trades at $300 and tomorrow it goes bankrupt like Lehman, that's $300 risk, because I was buying a long-term cash flow and wasn't thinking of selling, so I lost it all. So, it's not that bigger risk means speculation and smaller risk means investing.


No. When speculating, the risk is that the price of the financial instrument you are buying will move not in the direction anticipated by you. When investing, the risk is that the cash flow will diminish or disappear. It's not that one is large and the other is small. They are just different.


See above. Trading on the stock market just provides a margin of safety. It is not what determines whether something is an investment or not. Investment is buying a long-term cash flow from a profitable business. Nothing more, nothing less. No business - no investment. No cash flow - no investment. Of course, just because something *is* an investment doesn't mean that it is a good or safe investment.
@_date: 2015-01-19 17:52:39
My guess is that you are a Greek, did not read carefully what I wrote, and took offense from something you thought I wrote. Let us examine it step by step. I know very well what I am talking about.
1) The Greek government is insolvent. OK, just about every government is, and there are some that are even more insolvent, but it's all about confidence. The confidence in the Greek government is very, very low, especially given that the bondholders were already given a forced haircut once.
2) The Greek banks are insolvent. OK, technically every fractionally reserved bank is insolvent, but the situation is worse than usual here. Normally, an insolvent bank is just one bank run away from bankruptcy. The thing is, there already *is* a stealth bank run on the Greek banks, and it has been going on for quite a while already.
3) The only reason why they still exist is because they are propped up by the ECB though a backdoor called TARGET-2 (look it up). Because of it, there is a steady flow of capital from the stronger EZ countries (mostly Germany) to the weak ones (mostly Greece, but also Spain to a certain degree). What flows the other way is IOUs, which Germany accumulates. This has resulted in a huge imbalance, of the order of 500 *billion* euros.
4) If Greece chooses to default after the elections, lots of German banks are going to be royally screwed, since the IOUs they have accumulated will turn to dust overnight. It's a staring contest, really. By threatening to default, Greece can exercise pressure on the stronger EU countries. But the stronger EU countries can exercise pressure on Greece, too, by threatening to call the bluff and cut the flow of capital. It's a speculation of who will blink first.
5) If Greece does choose to default, the ECB will have absolutely no other option but to cut the capital flows to Greece - regardless of the consequences for the rest of the EU. However, while this will cause significant distress in the rest of the EU, it absolutely, most definitely, will make the Greek banks insolvent overnight.
6) The only option Greece will have in such a situation will be to leave the euro, no matter whether it wants or not, replace the bank holdings with new local currency and devalue that currency.
Now, while all this will have very grave consequences for everyone involved (Greece, the rest of the EU, and the rest of the world), it is extremely unlikely to happen. It is just not impossible to happen, which is why I said that the possibility exists.
I am very aware that the vast majority (83% is the poll results I've seen) of Greeks want to keep the euro as their currency. They just don't like the EU governments telling them what to do. To be honest, much of what the troika has been telling them to do is economically disastrous idiocy dreamed up by bureaucrats without a clue. However, when you are broke (and Greece *is*), you have no choice but to do what your creditor demands - or default.
SYRIZA and its chief demagogue are just politicians who have seen the opportunity to grab some power. Like most politicians, they care only about power and are economic ignoramuses. Which is why Tsirpas says one day that Greece will terminate the bailout (and the requirements imposed with it) and threatens to leave the EU (because the Greeks hate the EU and the restrictions imposed by it) and the other day he says that Greece will not leave the euro (because the Greeks vividly remember how bad it was when the drachma was devalued at will and want to keep the euro as their currency). In other words, he says what he thinks his constituency wants to hear. Which is why I said that the SYRIZA guys are liars (like almost all politicians).
However, they are probably not complete idiots. Which is why I think that no matter what they are saying now, they will probably not default once they manage to win the elections. Still, with politicians, one never knows for sure.
Anyway. My point was that *if* Greece defaults (very unlikely), it will have to leave the euro (no matter of whether it wants or not) and introduce a local currency, capital controls and other unpleasantness. Very, very unlikely to happen - but possible. Now, *if* that happens, some people here are speculating wildly that the Greeks will rush to buy bitcoins, in order to be able to preserve their savings (from being converted to new drachmas and devaluated into oblivion) and to transfer them abroad (to an euro account) despite the capital controls. And I was expressing my opinion that this is an idiotic, wild speculation, because even if this unlikely event happens, Bitcoin isn't going to let them bypass the capital controls, as I cannot bypass the capital controls of Iceland (not legally, anyway).
@_date: 2015-01-31 12:54:57
Explain us again how using open source is stealing?
@_date: 2015-01-29 14:26:33
Which is a mathematical impossibility. But the flaw is just in your linear thinking. Long before you can short that much bitcoins (via the ETF or in any other ways) there will be no bitcoins (or ETF shares) available to borrow (so that you can short-sell them).
@_date: 2015-01-29 14:55:46
What merit? If you already had that hardware in one place, why rent it? Why not mine yourself? The only answer is that either you are running a scam or are renting it for more money than it will produce by mining. It both cases it doesn't make sense for anyone to buy.
@_date: 2015-01-19 16:33:35


You don't seem to be familiar with what happened in Cyprus. Not a single cent of the government-insured limit (the FDIC-insured equivalent there) was lost. The only money lost was the money exceeding the insured limit, only 80% of the excess money was lost (i.e., not all of it), and only from the accounts of the two insolvent banks.
@_date: 2015-01-13 10:23:55


They are rewarded for *success*, not for being early.
Anyway, as I said, I understand why Satoshi did it and why he had to do it. I am just saying that Ponzi schemes have this property too, so you shouldn't be surprised that this confusion keeps occurring.
@_date: 2015-01-19 08:31:59
Technically true, but one has to be careful, if one is developing a wallet. If the developer thinks "oh, this is just a Unix time stamp, so pass it to the time_t handling functions (like ctime())", there will be trouble.
However, it is my belief that by 2038 32-bit programs and OSes would be as rare as the 16-bit ones are today.
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:49:19
The reason why people say that Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme is because the early adopters were rewarded unproportionally higher than the late adopters. I understand very well why Satoshi did that and he *had* to do it, given that there was no widely adopted cryptocurrency at the time, so he needed to provide some kind of initiative for it to become widely used. However, it *is* a common trait that Bitcoin has with Ponzi schemes, so it is certainly understandable why this confusion keeps occurring.
@_date: 2015-01-28 18:37:10


Well, that's the advantage of the free market - the consumer gets the product from the producer who is most cost-effective. Isn't your firmware open source anyway? I mean, I understand that you have invested some capital to develop it, but you have chosen to make it publicly available. Then you shouldn't protest when somebody is using it.


That's the part I didn't understand. From your original message, I got the impression that the device leaks the CPU ID of the computer it connects to. I contend that while this information might useful to the producer to, e.g., distinguish how many different customers they really have, it is useless for determining which particular customer is connecting to their site.
Do you mean that the device leaks some kind of identifier that is unique to each device (as opposed to the computer it is connected to)?
@_date: 2015-01-09 13:36:39
I don't have precise figures handy, but credit-card fraud-related losses are of the order of hundreds of millions annually. Not sure how much that is percentage-wise, and it is almost certainly lower than in the world of Bitcoin, but it is not an insignificant amount, for sure.
My point is that no matter whether you see it or not, you *are* paying for it. There is no free lunch. The reason (well, one of the reasons) why paying via credit card is so much more expensive than via Bitcoin is because the credit card companies need the money for security measures and to cover losses from fraud. So, you *are* paying it one way or another.
Bitcoin shifts the responsibility (and the costs) from the middleman to the buyer. That's why it is cheaper but more dangerous for the buyer. Be your own bank - but be prepared to be your own bank security expert too, or to be robbed.
@_date: 2015-01-08 10:28:43
You are only demonstrating your ignorance. Mathematics and cryptography are *exact* sciences. Economics, psychology and many others aren't exact sciences - they are *social* sciences. That doesn't mean that they aren't sciences. It only means that they have a fundamentally different object of study and use different methods for studying it.
@_date: 2015-01-06 15:49:44


If you own 1 BTC, you can spend it on goods and services. If you own shares in this ETF, you can only sell them for US dollars, unless you own multiples of 50.000 shares, in which case you can convert them into BTC, after undergoing a lot of hassle (you'll have to find an authorized dealer).
The idea behind this ETF is that it would let those who can't normally have direct BTC exposure (pension funds, etc.) get such exposure to the BTC price. It's good for them, if they want it (whether they would want it is an entirely different question), it's good for the BTC market because it would make it more liquid (bring in more buyers and sellers) and it's good for the twins because it will let them cash in on their BTC stash without crashing the market.
What it is *not* good for is making the BTC price shoot for the moon or getting more BTC.


A programmable calculator would do, but they will probably use a PC. :-) Basically, it's a volume-weighted two-hour exponential moving average of the closing (i.e., at the end of the 2-hour period) BTC price from the top-three (by volume) exchanges. It should track the BTC price better and with slightly less volatility than simply looking at the last trade of a particular exchange.
@_date: 2015-01-18 18:16:12
[H. L. Mencken](
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:24:59
Well, he didn't specify how many numbers you have to guess right (out of 49), but if it is 6, like in my country, then the above number is correct - the chance is 1 in 13,983,816 or about 7 millionth of a percent.
@_date: 2015-01-21 11:37:56
Exactly what would that achieve? Prove that the exchange has a X amount of BTC? But how would that prove that it is exactly equal to the sum of amounts of BTC its customers have deposited? Because, if it is less than that, they are still fractionally reserved.
@_date: 2015-01-14 15:47:28
Perhaps the assumption is that most miners will mine (maybe not continuously but it starts and fits) even at a loss at least until the next difficulty adjustment? And, say, stop almost completely just before the last few of the 2016 blocks are mined?
@_date: 2015-01-28 16:51:03


In what sense? Last time I checked, BWallet costs less than $30. TREZOR costs about $120.


I don't think that the customers care what parts of the price goes for what. A genuine TREZOR product (device plus firmware) costs $119, does it not?


Doesn't the BWallet price include firmware updates? If it does, then what is the problem? Is their combination more expensive than yours? On what basis are you comparing the price anyway? Surely you can't say that your "product" (device without the firmware, $19) is cheaper than theirs (device plus firmware, $30) - that would be comparing apples and oranges.


Well, I wouldn't be comfortable uploading firmware that doesn't come from the producer of the device anyway. Don't the BWallet producers offer their own version of firmware for their device? Is it more expensive (when added to the cost of their device) than yours (device+firmware)? Wouldn't their device refuse to accept anything but their own firmware anyway? I mean, doesn't it contain their public keys (instead of yours) to check the integrity of the uploaded firmware?


They would know your CPU ID. How would they know from that who you are? It's a pseudonym, like a Bitcoin address. Do you have to put your CPU ID with your name and address when ordering the device from them?


They know to which name they have shipped *a* device. How would they know which particular device it is from the CPU ID of the computer it is connecting to? Do they assign you a username or something that you have to enter in mybwallet.com? Or is each device unique in some way (serial number or whatever)?
@_date: 2015-01-10 13:52:37
They aren't really "reversed". That's an illusion. You are still paying for them. Constantly. Even when it wasn't you who was scammed. The cost of the scams in the credit card world is reflected in the prices you pay every day when transacting in this world.
You really ought to read Bastiat's treatise on the seen and the unseen in economics.
@_date: 2015-01-17 19:50:15
OpenOffice has a different, incompatible macro language. So, a malicious macro program for Microsoft Word will not run if the document containing it is opened with OpenOffice. However, it is perfectly possible to write malicious macros in the macro language of OpenOffice.
@_date: 2015-05-12 11:09:46
Please do *not* say "PGP" when you actually mean "GPG". (Sometimes people also - incorrectly - say "PGP" when they mean "the OpenPGP standard".) The two are not fully compatible with each other. GPG can read what PGP can produce - that's it. The opposite is not true in all cases, in the sense that it is *impossible* to force GPG to produce output fully understandable by PGP 2.x. To be even more specific, GPG (any version of it) is incapable of producing signed unencrypted binary files that PGP 2.x can verify. (Producing signed encrypted binary files that are understandable by PGP 2.x is possible but requires 5 separate steps, of which 4 are GPG invocations and one is a file concatenation command - and, no, they can't be piped on a single line.)
@_date: 2015-01-08 21:11:16
No, but I'm not in the industry any more (I'm in the academia nowadays), so it doesn't really count.
@_date: 2015-07-02 10:00:43
How does this prove that ChangeTip is solvent?! All it proves is how many bitcoins they have. A company is solvent if its assets are equal or exceed its liabilities. Where can we see an authenticated list of *all* of ChangeTip's assets and liabilities?
@_date: 2015-07-04 10:57:01
She is palming all her faces with all her hands?
@_date: 2015-07-03 11:10:25
I am going to miss SnapshillBot, the most intelligent contributor to that subreddit...
@_date: 2015-07-14 19:14:56


Of course it would. Even if they sold (privatized) the airport voluntarily and used the money to pay down part of the debt, it would still be different. As it is now, they simply relinquish ownership of the asset (i.e., *give* it) to the EU bureaucracy and that bureaucracy decides when to sell it, to whom to sell it and at what price. It's no longer Greece selling assets. It is Greece giving these assets to the EU and the EU deciding what to do with them.


Yes. And they chose to be a puppet.
@_date: 2015-07-17 15:38:51


No, it is the price you are *forced* to pay for living in a modern society. You aren't buying your services from the government at free market prices. The government *tells* you how much to pay, then uses your money the way it wants to. You don't have a choice and you are punished if you refuse to pay the amount you are told to pay.
Not saying that this is wrong *per se* (I am a libertarian, not an anarchist) but I do believe that government (and its upkeep in taxes) should be severely limited to only the strictly necessary, like protecting the national borders and enforcing the property rights.
@_date: 2015-07-04 11:32:58
Sadly, he doesn't stand a snowball's chance in hell of even getting the nomination, let alone the Presidentship...
@_date: 2015-07-06 19:43:05


That's arguable, unless you mean account for trading between different cryptocurrencies only. The moment you want to cash out in fiat, most crypto exchanges would ask for all sorts of documents, confirmations, selfies and almost a rectal exam. As opposed to that, for any Eurozone member it is trivial to open a regular bank account in another country that is also part of the Eurozone; in many cases they don't even have to appear personally (can be done by mail or by another person). Of course, you still have to prove who you are if you want to take money out of the account - but to transfer money there from another Eurozone country you don't need it.
So, if you are in the Eurozone and want to get your euros out of the country, it is really easy to move them to another country in the Eurozone and you don't need any crypto currencies; you just need to act before the banks in your country are closed.
There is another issue, although I suspect that point of view is probably lost on most people here. When capital controls are enacted, this doesn't mean "sorry folks, we can't execute your request to transfer money right now"; it means "taking capital out of the country is bloody **illegal**". It's the law. The law might be unjust or even wrong - but that's the law. As a law-abiding citizen, I could protest the law, could try to get it changed - but I wouldn't willingly break it.
That's why I still have some funds frozen in Iceland - not because I can't find some illegal way to smuggle them out of the country but because I strive not to do illegal things.
@_date: 2015-07-10 14:25:51
This. Such code already exists for the libraries designed to implement encryption for embedded chips (e.g., in smartcards); it just needs to be implemented on the PC side too. The downside is that such code tends to be slower.
But this is mostly a theoretical attack.
@_date: 2015-07-07 17:03:39
LOL. Argentina has nearly 30% annual inflation - I bet Greeks wouldn't love that. The official GDP is a lie even more blatant that the US one. They are nationalizing (i.e., stealing) profitable private companies. [This]( is how a supermarket in Caracas looks like. Implied default probability (yes, another one) based on 5-year CDS and 40% recovery is about 18%. The only well-performing part of the Argentinian economy is their stock market - but that's only if you don't adjust the stock prices for currency depreciation.
I wouldn't compare Argentina and Greece - both are clearly in the same boat of deadbeats and it is difficult to say which one is in worse shape - but using Argentina as a positive example of the possible Greek future is disingenuous to say the least.
@_date: 2015-07-07 17:22:21
Yes, I've seen it. I am sorry to say, but Nick is completely out-of-touch with reality. From the article:


Except these people who "trade with each other" cannot get bitcoins (because bank transfers don't work) and don't recognize them as a familiar medium of exchange (like some popular fiat currencies). So, they neither have them, nor want them.


LOL. I guess Nick hasn't used a non-scammy Bitcoin exchange any time recently.


Nick is advocating breaking the law here.


Again, you have a chicken/egg problem. Why would these people want bitcoins, if they can't buy anything with them, if their volatility makes them a poor store of value, if they are not widely recognizable as money, and if they cannot be sold on exchanges for euros because bank transfers don't work and nobody has surplus euros anyway?
If I were a Greek getting income from abroad, I would instruct my employer to deposit my income into some non-Greek bank where it would stay until the crisis is over or I can go there and use it. From the point of view of such a person, it would make no sense to risk a volatile geek currency that few people understand and use.
Also, note that in this article Nick advocates Bitcoin as superior to private, store-issued private scrip - which I tend to agree with. But a replacement of a real, widely recognized currency as euros, dollars, etc., it is not.
@_date: 2015-07-14 14:42:17
Well, it depends. When a country is in such a dire straits like Greece, there are only two options: default (like Argentina), or sell off assets to repay. Once you've chosen the latter (which Greece seems to be doing), the assets are no longer yours, so yes, in that case there is no difference.
If you have a reasonably well-functioning economy and tolerable levels of debt, you can usually sell bonds and use the proceeds to service your previous debt, effectively rolling off the debt; this is what most countries are doing.
So, to answer your second question, no, not every country is doing it. Only the countries that (a) are in such a bad shape that they can't sell their bonds and (b) have chosen to repay their debt instead of defaulting on it. As a matter of fact, I can't think of another country besides Greece right now.
@_date: 2015-07-14 09:46:23


The ECB is currently increasing the euro True Money Supply at the rate of 13% annualized.
@_date: 2015-07-04 11:42:53
"You can lead a horse's ass to knowledge, but you can't make him think."
@_date: 2015-07-28 14:27:35
1. It's not really text. It's an MMS.
2. We don't really know how it is supposed to work and the person who has discovered it isn't talking (and rightfully so) until it has been mostly patched.
3. No need to panic. At least not until the bad guys figure it out and start using it.
P.S. Remember when people were bitching that the iPhone doesn't support Flash? Or MMS? Turns out both were good decisions.
@_date: 2015-07-02 20:09:00


Thank you. That was precisely my point. And since it cannot show us a proof that all its assets are equal or exceed its liabilities, the company is incapable of proving us that it is solvent.
All it is showing us is a proof of BTC reserves. I am not saying that it's a bad thing and, as you say, it's a start - but "proof of solvency" it is not.
@_date: 2015-07-18 16:19:39


And neither of them will make it true. :-)


The agreement requires that Greece relinquishes control to the EU of 50 bil. worth of assets. That's effectively seizing. "No forcing" is disingenuous, since the only choice Greece has is to accept it, if it wants the bail-out.


No. But I am 100% certain that the Greeks are going to come up with clever schemes that have not been foreseen in the agreement. The agreement didn't specify which particular assets should be included in these 50 bil. Maybe the owners of AlphaBank have figured out some trick so that *their* asset isn't one of them. We'll see.
@_date: 2015-07-05 18:32:07
Unless your politically invulnerable cryptotokens happen to fall another 80%, like they did the last year. So, the average Greek will have to decide - bet on cryptotokens that have demonstrated their ability to fall by 80% in a year, or bet on euros that haven't done so yet? (Or gold, or real estate or dollars, or whatever.)
@_date: 2015-07-31 11:52:11


No, he isn't. He is saying that this is when things will *start* getting bad, with the worst being in 2032 or something like that.
@_date: 2015-07-14 13:04:51
The moment they started doing whatever the EU ordered them to do. If you "have" a house but I can (and do) order you to sell it *right now* and transfer the money to a bank account I control (and you do not), in order to repay the debt you have to me, you no longer have a house. You have given it to me.
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:12:49
Gold has a very high value density. It is not suitable as an everyday currency by itself. Even when the world was on a gold standard, gold was used only for big-ticket items (e.g., real estate) and international trade settlement. The actual currency was usually silver or even copper and bronze - or gold was used to back a paper currency.
Of course, right now Bitcoin is totally unsuitable for the purpose, either, due to the scalability issues, as you mentioned.
IMO, the best bet (economically) for Greece is to default and introduce a new currency under their control (new drachma), combined with severe cutbacks of their government spending, economic reforms and tax cuts to stimulate the small businesses. Not going to happen, of course. The EU insists on tax increases, Greeks insist on government spending, both of them are wrong, but neither will admit it. The most likely scenario is that the can will be kicked down the road for a few more years (using some kind of accounting gimmick) until the whole shebang totally collapses (and I don't mean just the Greek economy).
@_date: 2015-07-08 09:18:49
I *really* don't get it. :-( What is the point?
People in Greece have two problems: (a) they don't have enough cash and (b) bank transfers don't work. How does using Bitcoin solve these problems? Let's see.
1. Suppose you are a Greek exporter. Currently you have a problem - you can't get paid for your exported goods, because bank transfers don't work. Using Bitcoin, you can get paid in bitcoins. So far, so good. But what then? You can't sell these bitcoins for cash, because people don't have cash locally. And you can't sell them abroad, because then you can't transfer the money back to your country. So, you are basically stuck with the bitcoins - which tend to be extremely volatile. Your best bet is to find someone locally (supplier, employee, etc.) who is willing to be paid in bitcoins - but that's a rather hopeless situation, because very few people want them (since they can't change them for money and can't pay with them in the local shops).
2. Suppose you are a Greek importer. Currently you have a problem - your can't pay for the goods you want to import, because you don't have euros and the bank transfers don't work. How does Bitcoin improve your situation? The companies abroad that you import stuff from want actual money. You can use Bitcoin to (illegally) bypass the capital controls and send the money to them (via a foreign exchange) - but in order to get bitcoins, you have to buy them locally - which you can't do, because you don't have euros and bank transfers don't work.
@_date: 2015-07-15 12:08:12


Wrong. From the text of the agreement:
"Moreover, valuable Greek assets of [EUR 50 bn] shall be transferred to an existing external and independent fund like the Institution for Growth in Luxembourg, to be privatized over time and decrease debt."
Greece gives 50 bil worth of assets to a group of bureaucrats in Luxembourg and *these bureaucrats* decide how to privatize these assets later. (I think it was later agreed that the office would be in Athens instead, but it would still be EU bureaucrats, not the Greek government.)
@_date: 2015-07-07 12:04:29
You are being sarcastic, right?
@_date: 2015-07-03 11:20:31
I think the famous quote is "I am a doughnut" ("Ich bin ein Berliner").
@_date: 2015-07-14 16:10:29


Seems so.


No, no other country is doing "this", to the best of my knowledge. Most countries are selling bonds to repay old debts. Selling paper promises isn't the same as giving hard assets like airports, etc. in my book. Neither it is when the government voluntarily sells its (paper) stake in a quasi nationalized company.
Argentina defaulted and isn't giving squat.
What the EU is doing is effectively foreclosing on Greek hard assets which haven't even been pledged as collateral. It is forcing Greece to give up ownership of these assets, to be sold to whoever the EU sees fit with the proceedings going to the coffers of the EU.
It can be argued whether this is "fair". After all, Greece did take up these humongous debts and squandered the money on socialist bullshit, so it is only fair for the creditors to insist on getting paid. But it is beyond argument that Greece is being forced to give up ownership of these hard assets to the EU.
@_date: 2015-07-03 16:27:37
Yet this is exactly what it means and it is something no native German speaker would ever say. When a native German speaker wants to emphasize that they are from Berlin, they would use the proper phrase, which is "Ich bin Berliner" (without the "ein").
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:25:21
Actually, it's much worse. AuroraCoin was a proof-of-work (albeit with a large pre-mine) and was fairly distributed to anyone with an Icelandic SSN who wanted it. This thing is proof-of-stake *sold* to users by one guy who gets the benefits and *claims* to back it with gold. AuroraChoin was just a failure. This thing has "scam" written all over it.
@_date: 2015-07-11 09:42:15
The problem with that thought is that there is really no reliable way of determining what exactly "a suitable fee" is. An arbitrageur would be unwilling to overpay ridiculously in fees, because their profit usually depends on a very small margin. As a result, the arbitrageurs are more likely to have just pulled out until the situation with the spam is settled, resulting in (temporary) enlarged discrepancies between the exchanges.
@_date: 2015-07-02 10:05:31
How can you determine the date with such a precision? It depends on the speed at which new blocks are mined.
@_date: 2015-07-02 11:06:19
The news here is the leak of the Bitstamp investigation report. It happened very recently and it explains quite well what actually happened.
@_date: 2015-07-11 10:38:21
Because the protocol does *not* let you know the *recipient* of the transaction. It lets you know only the *address* of the recipient - not who the recipient is. Of course, Backpage (like all sites that accept bitcoins) most probably uses one and the same, publicly known address, so determining the recipient in this particular case is trivial. And even if it doesn't, it is very easy to make a mistake and allow the identify of the recipient to be determined. But it doesn't have to be so and, by itself, the protocol does not let you find the identity of the recipient.
@_date: 2015-07-07 16:46:08


But that would cover only the exporting firms and only the (very) small percentage of them who can re-negotiate their contracts with their international partners and convince these partners to start paying in Bitcoin.


That's a rather non-answer. Remember, we aren't talking about a theoretical exercise in economics. We are talking about real people who have real everyday needs like buying bread, meat, groceries and paying their utilities bills. None of which take Bitcoin right now. The people need functional money - something universally accepted. Preferably euros although if the crisis continues, many places will start accepting well-recognized international currencies like US dollars, British pounds and Swiss francs. In fact, even as we speak, many vendors (especially near the Northern border) already accept Bulgarian levs (which are pegged to the euro). (Gold is unlikely to be used as a currency - except maybe for big-ticket items - because of its high value density. Buying bread with gold is just not practical. Plus, few people have the expertise needed to assess its value.)
But the emphasis is on well-known, easily recognized, widely accepted forms of money. Bitcoin just isn't it. It is too early. Bitcoin is not mature enough to be used in a crisis - and a crisis is exactly what they have in Greece.
@_date: 2015-07-04 14:43:57
Should I remind you about my forecast on July 21, 2016 (when he won't be nominated) or on November 8, 2016 (when he won't be elected)?
@_date: 2015-07-17 15:28:00
The Austrians aren't in "misassessment". According to them, inflation is the increase of the money supply (not the increase of prices, which is impossible to measure in aggregate and is only one of the symptoms of inflation anyway) - and there has been plenty of that already.
@_date: 2015-07-03 11:16:27
Aw, come on. German localizations are easy. Just start every second paragraph with "Also" and stick "haben sind gewesen gehabt haben geworden sein" at the end of every sentence. :-)
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:01:21
Could it be a collusion of some big miners to "encourage" people to include larger fees? (If the miners have a lot of hash power, they will collect a large part of the fees on the spam transactions, so at least for them the attack would be cheaper than for an independent attacker.)
@_date: 2015-07-06 11:17:58
Not yet. The Greek governments have been rather sloppy. They didn't take any serious measures to prevent people from withdrawing their deposits and/or transferring them to foreign banks - not for many months anyway, and even then they just put some half-hearted measures like limits on cash payments. (Sometimes I was wondering if the government didn't *want* the people to take their money out of the banks, without telling them explicitly so.) Trading in crypto currencies hasn't been made illegal yet, either.
Does anyone know whether the banks are now open there? They were supposed to remain closed only until the referendum. Of course, if the banks are still closed and wire transfers don't work, buying bitcoins is not possible anyway, so whether it has been made illegal is a moot point.
@_date: 2015-07-08 08:27:06


I thought you were talking about freelancers - what subcontractors, suppliers and employees?
Anyway, it doesn't matter. If you have your income sent to a bank abroad, you at least preserve it for better times (either until the situation in your country improves or until you can go to where it is and use it there). Yes, you can't use it for everyday expenses in your country - that's the downside. But what is the alternative? Getting wildly volatile bitcoins that you can't spend anywhere in your country because nobody wants them anyway?


It's not a solution - and neither is yours. There are no easy solutions in a crisis. It's a stop-gap measure to preserve your income until you can actually use it. Yes, it's not good enough - but it is certainly better than converting it into crypto tokens that are wildly volatile and that you can't spend either, because nobody local wants them.


My point is that, failing to get "official" currency, the Greeks will be more inclined (and better off, too) getting other *widely recognizable* currencies, if they can get them. And if they cannot, they are better off storing their income as widely recognizable currency abroad. No, neither is good enough. But it is much better than spending whatever currency you can get (locally or internationally) on buying bitcoins.
Look, virtually nobody wants bitcoins in Greece, OK? I just tried to explain why this is so. You are free to accept my explanation or to assume that all the Greeks are idiots without a clue and you know better than them what is good for them.
@_date: 2015-07-05 09:17:57
@_date: 2015-07-17 15:40:59
It *was* a bubble. Twice. The second one has been deflating for quite some time already. To claim that Bitcoin is in a bubble now demonstrates nothing but ignorance.
@_date: 2015-07-01 09:14:18
I could answer "get a clue" but clearly that advice would be wasted on a brainless ignorant moron like you.
@_date: 2015-07-14 09:49:01


Yes, they do. The EU manages the fund. The only concession the Greeks got is that the management office will be in Greece instead of in Luxemburg. It still means that the EU bureaucracy and not the Greek government will have a say about how the assets are managed.
@_date: 2015-07-07 11:36:43
Lulz. Let's see:
1. Various team members used passwords that were variations of "P4$$w0rd" (and about just as secure). Check.
2. Team leader was browsing porn sites while at work. Check.
3. Their spyware didn't sanitize SQL input. Check. (Where is little Bobby Tables when you need him?)
And governments rely on the services of these buffoons?!
@_date: 2015-07-14 10:40:32
I fail to see how it "circumvents capital controls".
@_date: 2015-07-11 12:23:40
I was referring to the basic Bitcoin protocol, of course - not to anything that can be build on the top of it. But I am indeed no familiar with what exactly Backpage uses.
@_date: 2015-07-03 10:03:57


The title says "Is ChangeTip Solvent". The answer is that we have no way of knowing until it is audited by a reputable independent auditor. You said that it provides a proof of both assets and liabilities. It doesn't.
I guess you meant that it provides proof of *Bitcoin*-denominated assets and liabilities - as opposed to *company's* total assets and liabilities.


Yes, and that's good. But why not call it what it is - proof of Bitcoin reserves? Why use a term that means something completely different in the corporate world?!
@_date: 2015-07-16 10:37:22


No, I was quoting an [earlier draft of the actual document](


What part of "supervision" you don't understand?
Greek minister: I am going to sell this airport to my cousin for 5 mil.
EU supervisor: No, you can't do that.


It's the OECD framework. Just because the Greek government is being forced to use it doesn't make it a "Greek government framework".


I am not arguing fair/unfair here. By now Greece has demonstrated that they don't play fair. That the only way to make sure that something is executed the way it is supposed to be is to *force* its execution (and method of execution) on them. What I am arguing is that precisely such kind of forcing is going on here. Greece isn't given a choice, because they have demonstrated that they can't be trusted with one. Greece is forced to give up control of 50 bil worth of assets, to be disposed of the way the EU considers appropriate.
@_date: 2015-07-10 14:07:47
It could be that the ongoing spam causing transaction delays is interfering with whatever arbitrage there was.
@_date: 2015-07-17 16:11:47
It depends on one's needs. OTR is for instant messaging. It provides secure real-time text communication between two people but they are not anonymous. Bitmessage is an e-mail-like system, although the participants are pseudonymous, it is P2P, and the messages have a lifespan of 2 days (so if you don't run your client for longer than that, you can miss messages sent to you).
Personally I like PGP very much, although I'm biased; I used to be on the development team. (I don't like GPG, though; many people are confusing the two.) But PGP is only for encrypting e-mail content. It doesn't provide anonymity and all the metadata is visible to the attacker.
@_date: 2015-07-17 15:31:02


He's wrong even about that. I can't pay my taxes with dollars.
@_date: 2015-07-17 17:05:28


I think the shenanigans have already started - now, before the seizing of assets has been implemented. Greece just sold its Bulgarian branch of AlphaBank to Eurobank (another Greek bank which also has a lot of non-Greek investors, though) for the price of 1 euro.
While the reason for this price could have been that the bank was so deeply insolvent that it wasn't worth squat, this is very unlikely. The Bulgarian banks, despite several of them being owned by Greek investors, are separate administrative entities, are well-capitalized and are not affected by the Greek economic crisis at all. Most likely the reason is some cover-up of assets and profiteering before the EU can exercise control.
@_date: 2015-07-07 12:11:02
Actually, the difference between socialism and fascism is pretty insignificant. Both are totalitarian regimes but in a fascist economy big corporations own everything (and are very enmeshed with the government) while in a socialist economy the state outright owns all the means of production. So, confusing the two isn't difficult.
A political scientist in my country (which used to be socialist) wrote a monograph about fascism (using Nazi Germany as an example) and was persecuted for it because just by changing some names (e.g., "fascism" with "socialism") it read as a description of our (socialist) society.
@_date: 2015-07-01 10:46:40
I have yet to see any evidence that you have any thoughts deserving this name about anything. All I have seen so far from you is ignorance and lack of understanding.
@_date: 2015-07-02 20:06:51


Sigh... I keep forgetting that most people here just have no clue what they are talking about. :-(
Do you know what "assets and liabilities" of a company means?! (That was a rhetorical question. Of course you don't.) OK, so they have 705+ BTC. That's an asset. That's also the *only* asset they have provided a proof of. Do they own any buildings? Those are assets too, you know. Any tables? Chairs? Computers? These are all assets. Have they taken a loan from a bank? That would be a liability. And many others. There is absolutely no record of these there, either.
What they have there is a proof of BTC reserves. Nothing more, nothing less. It's no proof that the company is solvent.
@_date: 2015-07-08 09:52:33
1. What you propose will lead to hyper-inflation within 5 years.
2. If governments can print money directly (instead of having to sell bonds to the central bank, which is pretty much the same thing), what prevents them from printing money *and* taxing people for extra income? I mean, they already tax *and* borrow *and* inflate *and* run deficits...
3. What about governments that cannot print money (like state, city, etc.)?
@_date: 2015-07-17 15:45:32


Neither Bitcoin, nor gold, nor the USD are in a bubble right now. Real estate is in a bubble in several countries (Canada is a striking example), credit is in a bubble, the money supply of the main currencies is in a bubble, etc.
@_date: 2015-07-06 11:12:27
If you were a Greek with some common sense, you would have got all the euros you don't immediately need out of the country long time ago - using bank transfer, and not needing any crypto currencies.
If you were a Greek without common sense, you would have left your euros in the banking system where they are now frozen, so you can't buy any crypto currencies and use them to transfer them out of the country anyway.
In either case crypto currencies wouldn't have helped you.
@_date: 2015-07-17 16:20:03


There is one.
@_date: 2015-07-07 11:49:10
How would these firms get bitcoins and where would their employees spend them?
@_date: 2015-07-06 11:22:29
My point was that most people tend to look at what has already happened for sure when deciding what is likely to happen in the future. Bitcoin's 80% crash in just a year is likely to stay in people's minds for quite some time when making decisions whether to store their value there. As long as the euro (US dollar, gold, etc.) hasn't experienced a similar misfortune any time recently, people are more likely to use that instead.
@_date: 2015-07-02 11:23:12


Where is that?! All I was able to see was how many bitcoins they have.
@_date: 2015-07-05 18:35:12
If a government is serious about imposing capital controls, they will forbid trading in crypto currencies, like Iceland did. I still have some funds frozen there and, no, I can't legally take them out of the country - Bitcoin or no Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-17 16:19:24


No, they are just saying that you can take several days worth of daily allowance in a single day. It's still 60 euros daily, but you can take 120 euros in one go, if you don't withdraw anything else for 2 days.
@_date: 2015-07-05 08:27:56
As the French say, "with ifs you can put Paris in a bottle". As I said, it isn't going to happen.
@_date: 2015-07-04 11:19:54
Greece can't print euros.
@_date: 2015-07-17 15:09:48
None. While they were arguing about the best way to do it, somebody absconded with the lightbulb.
@_date: 2015-07-15 14:35:46


The text I quoted is from the *actual* text, too - very close to the place from where you've taken your quote, too. The reason why I stopped quoting before I reached the place you've quoted above is because your quote isn't relevant:


As I said, they later agreed that the office would be in Athens instead of in Luxembourg. It changes nothing.


Yep. If I tell you when to sell your house, to whom and at what price, it's not your house any more, even if you are doing the actual selling under my "supervision".


In other words, the price will be what the EU decides (under the framework chosen by them) and not what the Greek government decides.
@_date: 2015-07-04 11:45:34
I wouldn't believe Faux News if they told me that water was wet.
@_date: 2015-07-17 13:05:32




If you have control over someone's selling decisions, how is that different from telling him at what price to sell and to whom?!
"I am going to sell my house for 2 mil." "No." "I am going to sell it for 4 mil." "No." "I am going to sell it for 3 mil." "Okay." "I am going to sell it to my cousin." "No." "I am going to sell it to my mother-in-law." "No." "I am going to sell it to *your* cousin." "Okay."
How is that different from telling you "Sell your house for 3 mil to my cousin" - except that it takes longer to communicate your order?


A veto *is* absolute power over a decision.


It's like Ford saying that the customer can have their car in any color they like, as long as it is black.


Oh, yes. But we are past that point already. It is clear that Greece doesn't have the balls to default and exit the euro. (Well, the majority of the current Greek government, anyway.) Once that is clear, Greece is *forced* to accept the conditions of this bailout. And one of them is to *give* up control of 50 bil. worth of assets. Which was my point to begin with. QED.
@_date: 2015-07-09 13:43:45
This week they allowed the brokers to securitize the margin loans they had made. Margin loan-backed securities - what could possibly go wrong?
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:18:30
Interestingly, Anonymous tweeted about "bad day on Wall Street" a few hours before the outage.
@_date: 2015-03-01 15:37:53


I'm afraid that chess players would disagree with you.


You postulated that every move that didn't result in checkmating the opponent was a "bad move". A computer programmed with your way of evaluating chess positions would never make a move, because no move from the starting position would result in checkmating the opponent, so they must all be bad.


You are using a strange definition of "close". ;-) BTW, while there are arguments, of course, the overwhelming consensus is that, if perfectly played, chess would result in a draw.


Which is what I've been saying all the time, too. Would they bother, if TA "didn't work"?


Saying that TA doesn't work is like saying that learning how to use the gas pedal is not needed for being a professional race care driver.
@_date: 2015-03-01 15:21:44
It had nothing to do with astrology and I am not doing it any more anyway. Too much work and I didn't like doing it, despite being successful. My actual profession is much more interesting.
@_date: 2015-02-03 22:47:54
I've read the specification but I still don't get it. Explain it in simple words for me. A site is requesting payment. It displays a BTC address to the compromised computer. It cannot be encrypted in a way that is opaque to the computer, because it has to be displayed to the user, too. Or do you presume that all sites accepting payment in BTC will talk only to instances of your device (via potentially compromised computers) and to nothing else? How would they know the public key of the device? They can know it only via the computer. Is the device supposed to perform some kind of Diffie-Hellman key exchange with the site? What about man-in-the-middle attacks?
@_date: 2015-02-10 09:58:50
For BTC to be used as savings, its buying power should stop jumping up and down by 5-10% daily.
@_date: 2015-02-24 12:56:46
This is bullshit. I've had this conversation already with somebody else here in the past.
Can malware be *stored* on the Blockchain? Sure it can. People have stored Satoshi's paper, cartoons, Wikileaks dumps, Bible verses, pornography links and whatnot there, so why not malware? Anything can be stored in an information repository like a distributed database. Heck, malware can even store itself on the Storj network.
The question is - why? Just because copies of it cannot be removed? Well, there are hundreds of thousands of viruses on my hard disk that you cannot remove. So what? They are totally harmless to you - or to me, for that matter, since my computer is not infected. The malware is only stored there, inactive.
In order for the malware to activate, something (some *program*) will have to extract it from the Blockchain and to transfer control to it. This program will be malware too - but it will have to reside on the infected computers and can be, of course, eradicated. So who cares that parts of it also reside elsewhere?
Malware could, in principle, use the Blockchain to communicate with its C&amp;C server. Again, the question is - what's the point? There are more efficient and difficult to trace ways of communication, like establishing a Dark Net node and communicating via Tor.
Will somebody make malware that uses the Blockchain in one way or another? Most certainly somebody will - people have created all kinds of crap just to prove a point. Will it give it any kind of advantage? Most definitely not.
@_date: 2015-02-05 15:49:15
Are you saying that your device is usable only to people who run Debian Linux on their desktop *and* iOS on their mobile phone? Because that's quite a limitation, you know.
In any case, there are literally hundreds of thousands of [malicious programs for Linux]( (The article has a special section about cross-platform malware, BTW.) If you are looking for some striking examples, consider, for instance [Turla]( [Lion]( and, in order to stay on the subject of crypt-currencies, [Darlloz](
The iOS platform is a harder target, mostly because Apple keeps their repository under such a tight control, but malware has been found there, too. A recent threat, [XAgent]( supports both iOS7 and iOS8 and doesn't require the iPhone to be jailbroken. Not to mention the [recent case]( when it was discovered that it was possible to push unauthorized apps to iOS using iTunes.
So, combining these ideas and making malware that is cross-platform (Linux/iOS) isn't that hard - but you don't even need to do that. I mean, the malware doesn't need to be able to spread from iOS. It only needs to drop a component on the iOS device that does the dirty work. And we are undoubtedly going to see it happen, especially if there is financial incentive involved.
As I said, you don't seem to have much experience with malware...
@_date: 2015-02-03 09:25:14
Yes, that same moron. The one who suggested simulating an alien invasion to stimulate the US economy.
@_date: 2015-02-05 15:52:51
You have yet to explain me how the dongle is supposed to learn the site certificate *via the compromised machine* without this certificate becoming, well, compromised.
@_date: 2015-02-25 19:34:05


I wasn't talking about a one-off win. I was talking about successfully making money for years (beating buy-and-hold solidly even in a bull market). I hope you aren't trying to convince me that a poker player who is making money for years by playing poker is a losing poker player?
@_date: 2015-02-09 15:58:18
This is a very good idea. I was thinking about the very same thing today. Even created an account at the forum for ciphershed.org but the e-mail confirmation hasn't come yet, so I cannot post yet.
Yes, it is definitely worthwhile to implement such an idea. However, it doesn't have anything to do with Bitcoin.
Most of the alternatives provided in the other comments aren't that good. Requiring the computer to be always plugged in is inconvenient and can be bypassed easily. Fingerprint sensors are impractical - you can't always keep one finger on the sensor, and you can't put a sensor under every key. The Bluetooth idea has some merit, but what if the snatched computer isn't far enough from you (yet still outside your reach)? No, the USB key is the best solution - easy, practical, useful.
And it has nothing to do with Ulbricht's case. It is a useful security feature to have. What if it is not the FBI snatching the computer from a criminal but a criminal snatching your computer from you?
It ought to be implemented by the developers of the disk encryption software, though - I don't see how a stand-alone program can implement it. Basically, the user should be able to tell the software that a USB drive with a special file is the "key" and if that USB drive was present when an encrypted volume has been mounted, then removing the USB drive should cause the unmounting of all mounted encrypted volumes.
@_date: 2015-02-20 13:44:00


There are legitimate ways to enforce strong passwords. You can impose restrictions on minimum password length and on what kinds of characters must be used by it. Or, even better, allow pass-phrases, which are much easier to remember and much more difficult to guess. Forcing the user to use a two-dozen sequence of random words to long in and then say "just let your browser remember it" does *not* make the process more secure. Just the opposite. It practically ensures that the password will be forgotten and compromised.


That's why pass-phrases should be used.
Then what is the point of the idiotic mnemonic? It is hard to remember, you basically force the user to store it in an insecure place, and it is useless for transferring funds. Just use the secure password that is needed to transfer funds.


Bullshit. Go educate yourself what [two-factor authentication]( means. Hint: two passwords is *not* it.


Your password scheme is just using two passwords. It is less different from a single-password scheme than it is from real two-factor authentication.
@_date: 2015-02-25 12:56:44
No, just like the pro who has been winning at poker for years.
@_date: 2015-02-11 21:04:28
Even if we leave aside that the term "intrinsic value" is nonsensical (value isn't a property that can be intrinsic to anything; it is in the eye of the beholder), I fail to see how the number of people who agree to use a currency should be related to the value of that currency. It is not even related to the velocity of the currency.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:26:07
Yep. Some doctors swear by acupuncture, others recommend diets. Whatever works.
@_date: 2015-02-03 13:47:48


Well, I'm a computer malware expert with 26 years of experience. I guess I am biased, but I've seen some pretty amazing things.
For instance, the malware doesn't try to steal your e-banking password. Instead, it waits until you authenticate yourself to the bank, using whatever means you normally use (two-factor authentication, whatever). It sits in the browser, so it sees the HTTPS session unencrypted. You enter a command to transfer, say $100 to Alice and the malware changes it to tell the bank to send $1000 to Bob instead.
Even worse, it modifies the information that the banking site is showing you, so what you *see* in the browser is that you have sent $100 to Alice - while the banking site is trying to tell you that you have sent $1000 to Bob.
Even better, it has mobile components infecting Android and Symbian phones when you connect them for syncing with the infected PC. If the bank informs you about the transaction you just conducted via SMS, the malware component on the phone intercepts that SMS and deletes it.
Compared to that, modifying the Trezor firmware image on-the-fly is pretty trivial. The only reason why nobody has bothered to do it yet is because there are juicier targets, like fiat bank accounts.
@_date: 2015-02-04 18:49:53
It can be done better. The could do periodically an on-chain transaction, sweeping all customer wallets into a single wallet (with a publicly known address) and then returning the amounts of BTC back to the customer wallets. While this cannot prove that they have enough reserves to cover *everyone's* BTC deposits, anybody can verify that *his* deposits are there. If this is performed as a single operation, it would prove that they aren't shifting funds from one customer wallet to another.
@_date: 2015-02-05 15:57:02
No. My point is that it is *impossible* to secure against viruses a general-purpose OS/Computer (on which creation or installation of general-purpose programs is possible). You can implement all kinds of protections and make infection difficult and unlikely - but sooner or later, it is going to fail. Especially if the attacker is sufficiently motivated (by financial or other reasons).
The only virus-proof systems are those that are locked down and do not accept the installation or creation of new programs for them. (Or those that have a very limited programming functionality. I spent some time trying to figure out whether it is possible to write a virus using the scripting language of Bitcoin but this doesn't seem to be the case.)
@_date: 2015-02-03 15:01:08
And I suspect that this is precisely what the UBS guy means. An altcoin, created by the banks, controlled by the banks, mined by the banks (only). A semi-public blockchain (open to the banks and the money-transmitting agencies but not to everyone) that makes money transfers faster and cheaper than now. Basically, something that benefits the banks. He is a banker, after all.
@_date: 2015-02-07 11:53:08


That's not true. Auroracoin was distributed better.
@_date: 2015-02-25 12:55:16
Sounds like somebody didn't drink their morning coffee before commenting on Reddit...
My name is Vesselin Bontchev. Feel free to Google me and to check my credentials on the subject of malware.
For a moment I thought of recommending you to read my papers or Ph.D. thesis ("Methodology of Computer Anti-Virus Research"; still used as a textbook at several anti-virus companies) but your comment suggests that you don't have the brainpower to understand even the half of them.
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:32:42
It is certainly possible for every TA practitioner to get better, at least in theory. (In practice, some people are just stupid and never get better.) The market does not consist of TA practitioners alone.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:17:12


You can do that with TA practitioners, too. But you just postulated that their past performance is based on luck and, therefore, cannot be used to measure their competence. I don't see why the same reasoning cannot be applied to lawyers, doctors, etc. You can always choose not to believe in their tools of trade and claim that their success (or lack thereof) was the result of luck and not of competence.


They are force by law to put this caveat there.


Sadly, that's not always true. :-) People often listen to all kinds of nonsense, even when faced with repetitive failures.
@_date: 2015-02-03 22:22:38
I don't think that you have much experience with malware... The kind of thing I described has been going for ages. The very first I saw had the mobile component for SymbianOS - which is by now pretty much defunct. So it is *that* old.
@_date: 2015-02-22 14:34:41
I don't see a point of your argument.
Rubber hose cryptanalysis works and is a valid attack. If you can reveal your encryption key, then you can be coerced into revealing your encryption key, which would defeat the encryption. It is a perfectly valid argument.
Saying "but if I didn't use encryption they could have taken the info without even asking me" is not invalidating the argument.
There *are* ways to defeat rubber hose cryptanalysis, though Bitcoin doesn't provide them. Basically, there are ways to use encryption so that you can reveal one key, which decrypts something worthless and it is impossible to prove that yet another key exists, which protects the actual information. TrueCrypt has this capability.
@_date: 2015-02-27 09:26:29


This is the often-quoted but incomplete version. The complete version is: "The trend is your friend, until the end, where it bends".
@_date: 2015-02-05 16:45:43
I am not particularly interested in discussing your religious beliefs or lack thereof. I have 26 years of experience with computer viruses and have written a Ph.D. and countless of papers about them. So, how about you educate yourself a bit first?
Dr. Fred Cohen's Ph.D. thesis would be a good start but, as far as I know, it is not available on-line. Still, you could start with one of his fundamental papers, [Computer Viruses - Theory and Experiments]( (It's from 1984, ferkrissake! It's not that this stuff is new or anything like that.) It will teach you that there are only three ways of making viruses impossible:
1. Limited functionality. You can't infect the computer in your washing machine.
2. Limited sharing. If a group of computers don't share anything, a virus cannot spread among them.
3. Limited transitivity. If being able to pass information from computer A to computer B *and* from computer B to computer C *does not mean* that you can pass information from computer A to computer C, then a virus cannot spread.
Of course, enforcing any of these makes a general-purpose computer (let alone OS) practically useless. (And note that we are talking only about *viruses* here (i.e., programs that replicate). If we expand the subject to malware in general, things get waaaay more difficult.)
The paper would also teach you that it is *algorithmically impossible* to decide whether any program is a virus or not, without causing either false positives or false negatives (or both). (It is equivalent to the Halting Problem.)
In general, all of Dr. Cohen's papers are a good read, highly recommended.


Ignorant moron. Good luck in your pursuit of *perpetuum mobile*.
@_date: 2015-02-25 00:11:39


Like what? The only special thing about the blockchain is that it is distributed and once you put something in it, it stays there forever. Malware is already distributed and I don't see any advantage of storing something somewhere forever, if you cannot activate it at will.
I did look into the Bitcoin script language to see if it is possible to write a virus in it, but it is not; the language is too limited.


Good question. I don't see any advantage of the IoT to use the blockchain, either. Or refrigerators, for that matter. In fact, I think that connecting your fridge to the Internet is plain stupid, no matter if you use the blockchain or not.
@_date: 2015-02-23 14:39:58
Medicine is a science but there are brilliant doctors, mediocre ones, and really crappy ones.
TA is more of an art than a science. It does use scientific methods for measuring the mood of the traders (by observing the price and the trading volume) but one and the same mood can lead to different outcomes (since humans are so unpredictable), so you can't expect deterministic outcome from your analysis. It's not an "if-then-else" thing it is more of a "if, then more likely than not" thing. The good thing is that when properly applied, TA also quickly shows you that you've been wrong in your assumptions and that it is time to exit the trade at a minimum loss.
Anyway. I do know that lots of people think it is some kind of voodoo and doesn't work, but it *does* work for me (by using it I managed to recover 60% losses and turn them into 30% gains after the 2000 bear market - losses, which I incurred because I originally trusted some moronic advisers who said "just buy an index fund and hold, you can't time the market").
@_date: 2015-02-19 21:52:46


Yep. I have a T-shirt with that on it. :-) And another one which says "Trust me, I'm a security expert". :-)


What do you mean? It was an anti-virus company (F-Secure) that discovered it. (Although it was Mark Russinovich from Winternals who raised the big stink about it.)


We did implement detection of it. (Well, F-PROT did; can't speak about the rest.) Not just because of the class action lawsuit but because it had security holes which could be (and indeed later were) exploited by viruses.
@_date: 2015-02-22 18:40:58
Let me guess - you've never run a business?
When running a business, you plan your resources, your expenses and your revenues the best you can. If the currency you are transacting in moves 5% daily in *either direction* it royally screws up your plans. Business planning in this uncertain world is a hell of a lot difficult without the volatility of the underlying currency additionally screwing up your plans.
Do you think that airlines buy gas futures only when the price of gas is going up? No, they are buying them all the time, in order to hedge the volatility risk of the commodity and to plan their business with a stable price in mind.
@_date: 2015-02-03 15:03:11
Hmm, thanks but, no, I haven't collected it... At least I haven't *done* anything to collect it. I do have a ChangeTip registration, though - is it automatically sent to the Bitcoin address I have registered there?
Edit: OK, I see now. It isn't sent to me, it is sent to my ChangeTip account. I have to withdraw it from there manually and in a rather counter-intuitive way... It used to be much easier when I used it the last time, 3 months ago, when I created the account..
@_date: 2015-02-12 11:47:04
I note that in your example nowhere did you include the number of people who want to invest in pizza or to use dollars for the purpose of investing in pizza.
Yes, the price of a good depends (among other things) on the availability of that good and on the supply of money. So? I still fail to see how the number of people using a currency impacts the value of that currency.
If there are N slices of pizza and M dollars with which to buy it, *ceteres paribus* (e.g., if the demand for pizza and the demand to hold dollars doesn't change), the price of a slice of pizza will be M/N - no matter whether there are X, Y or Z holders of dollars who want to buy a pizza. Not to mention that the value of the dollar would be completely unrelated to that.
@_date: 2015-02-07 15:59:23
It's also a bear, because it has been in a bear market for quite some time already...
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:31:06
Nonsense. Investing is buying a long-term cash flow that would be ultimately delivered to the investors. Speculating is making an informed bet that the price of a financial instrument will move in a particular way. TA is suitable for the latter but not for the former.
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:29:38


Mostly true. If you are an investor, you are buying a long-term cash flow that would be ultimately delivered to the investors. Stock appreciation is only one way to do that, but not the only one. The stock could go essentially nowhere but the company could deliver its profits to the investors via dividends, for instance, instead of by growing itself.
In any case, TA is simply not a proper instrument if you are investing. TA is for speculating.


Oh, yes, there is. The board decision don't happen in a black box. The employees of the company sense the mood of the directors. Some of them talk to their friends. Some of these friends - to their friends and so on. The market, as a whole, tends to "sense" what is happening and this is reflected in the various indicators, as some market participants act according to their mood and perceived knowledge.
Yes, external shocks do happen unexpectedly. Nobody could have predicted the date on which the Swiss National Bank decided to drop the euro peg. For anyone fundamentally-oriented, it would have been obvious that the peg would fail eventually (they all do), but you can't trade on "eventually". The funny thing is that several days after the shock, the currency is trading pretty much in line with the trend established before the peg was enacted. The market adjusted itself and eventually went where it was going to go anyway.


Of course.


I disagree. TA works best in deep and liquid markets - major currencies, popular ETFs. It doesn't work well with thinly traded markets like BTC or penny stocks.
@_date: 2015-02-05 14:59:51
I see that you haven't read the article I linked to. Security, voter anonymity and verifiability are just 3 criteria. How many are listed in the paper I linked to?
@_date: 2015-02-03 15:50:33
I suggest that you do not doubt me when I speak on the subject of malware. On a compromised machine the malware will simply display you the *wrong* Bitcoin address - not the one that the remote site is showing you. So, you will send, very securely, your bitcoins to the address of the attacker.
You cannot trust the compromised machine. Period.
@_date: 2015-02-19 18:59:12
Remember the Sony Rootkit? Companies go full retard all the time...
@_date: 2015-02-01 11:21:35
You are forgetting the concept of time preference. No matter how fast your money keeps appreciating, you still have to spend some of it, because you have to eat.
@_date: 2015-02-19 19:05:27


Well, you traded me off as a customer. I decided not to bother with your service because of its unusability.


I do not rely on my browser (or anything else but myself) to remember my passwords to important places.


In other words, you are not incompetent; you just decided to lie to your customers.
@_date: 2015-02-04 11:37:05
Which statement, precisely? You admitted that


and I told you that these things already exist and have existed for quite some time already.
@_date: 2015-02-23 15:51:26


That's true for just about every money-making profession, isn't it? If you are winning cases, you're a good lawyer, if you are losing them, you aren't.


Show me a way of picking who's a good lawyer "a priori".
@_date: 2015-02-22 14:00:43
It is also, believe it or not, *their money*. Once you give your money to the bank, it is no longer your money. You have become an unsecured creditor to the bank. The bank owes you that amount of money.
@_date: 2015-02-22 18:44:02
What do you mean by that?! Can you somehow use Trezon to hide how many bitcoins you own, or to make it look as if you have transferred one amount while in fact you have transferred another?
@_date: 2015-02-09 09:34:01
I've written a small Windows 7 desktop widget that displays the Bitcoinity charts. It supports multiple exchanges, currencies and several time periods. Only one particular chart style, though.
I usually use the 24-hour BTC/USD exchange rate from Bitstamp, though. Here it is how it looks right now: [chart](
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:29:45
No, because roulette is truly random with the odds stacked in favor of the house.
A better analogy is counting cards in Black Jack or playing poker. While luck *is* involved, skill plays a major role too.
@_date: 2015-02-17 11:37:56
You don't need to stuff the whole driver into the firmware. All you need is a tiny little bit of code that loads whatever else is needed from elsewhere at boot time. A hundred bytes is more than enough; the actual code is probably even shorter.
@_date: 2015-02-01 15:23:37
This is ignorant nonsense.
Investing means buying a long-term cash flow that would be ultimately delivered to the investors. Nothing more, nothing less.
No cash flow = no investing. So, you cannot invest in gold, Bitcoin, US dollars, coffee beans or the shares of a company with no profits. You can only save, hoard, and speculate in these things. You cannot invest in them.
Anybody who thinks that they are "investing" in Bitcoin or in gold or anything that doesn't have a cash flow is just an ignoramus who is deluding himself.
@_date: 2015-02-04 11:06:41
1) What is an "onboarding process"?
2) How does the site know where to send the certificate? To a number you gave it? While browsing the site from a compromised machine? Why do you think that you are looking at the actual site? Why do you think that you have given your number to the site and not to the attacker, who will send his number to the site, then generate his own certificate (for his fake site) and send it to you?
3) "Onboarding should be done on a trusted computer" - I thought we were talking about a compromised machine here? Look, I am browsing the Web, and I see a product I'd like to buy. The site selling it quotes a price and a Bitcoin address. What now?
4) So, you now want to use a whole CA hierarchy on your device? Well, the browsers already use that. Doesn't do them a whole lot of good. They need to be updated all the time and occasionally certification rights are revoked (as was the case when Microsoft found that one CA had its keys stolen and misused to certify malicious sites). Hell, even my freaking *bank* tells me "here, download our root certificate and put it in your trusted CA storage, so that we can issue you a regular certificate, trust us" - and I have no choice but to comply.
I am sorry, but I am not convinced. Either the scheme is unusable, or it is untrustworthy, or it requires a non-compromised machine. You cannot trust the compromised machine. With anything. Ever.
@_date: 2015-02-03 22:29:00
You've got to be kidding me... When was the last time the NASDAQ let you upload apps to their computers "for better integration" - apps that could be used by other users? When was the last time your bank allowed you to upload an app to their e-banking site?!
Who was again the brainless moron who, obviously in a drunken stupor, issued a license to these jokers for handling other people's money?!
@_date: 2015-02-10 10:11:52
Uh, this is how every exchange works. Nothing to do with Bitcoin in particular. Stocks, bonds, commodities, currencies - all are traded like this on the exchanges.
@_date: 2015-02-09 08:57:43
What are your criteria for considering an article to be of research quality? Does it have to be published in print, peer-reviewed or anything like that? Anyway, consider this one:
Weiner, Keith, "[Bitcoin, Gold, and the Quantity of Money]( January 29, 2014.
@_date: 2015-02-02 19:31:34
1) How do you get the page shown on the image? If you just go to grabo.bg, you just see various offers; not a single mentioning of Bitcoin.
2) Not that I doubt you - the site *does* accept Bitcoin, as shown on [their blog]( However, this is not news - the blog post is from Jun 25, 2013.
3) Most e-shops in Bulgaria have the capability to accept Bitcoin (although very few actually use this capability) - mostly because the most popular payment processor used by them supports it.
@_date: 2015-02-03 19:44:52


There are already banking Trojans that do precisely this sort of thing - they install a mobile component on your phone when you connect it to your PC for syncing.
@_date: 2015-02-07 15:50:42


Guys, I *strongly* recommend that you hire a computer security expert. No, I mean, a *real* one. Not like those that Target, or Anthem, or... had.
@_date: 2015-02-04 11:35:08
If the data is encrypted, the device has to decrypt it. Which means that some kind of key exchange has to occur *through* the compromised machine. How would you prevent a man-in-the-middle attack during this exchange?
Look, it's not a case of stopping a hacker from sniffing your key - in that case a DH exchange would be sufficient. The case is that the hacker is in *full control* of the communication channel between your device and the remote site. He decides what goes where and how it looks. You can make spoofing more difficult by using side channels like a phone, but you cannot prevent it completely. The real banks have been struggling with this pretty much since e-banking has existed.
@_date: 2015-02-15 15:15:31
There is a huge difference between allowing transactions in a particular currency and making that currency a legal tender for the state.
@_date: 2015-02-05 17:05:44


You have a rather weird definition of "safe". For me, "safe" means "can't be broken", not "takes two hammers to break it, instead of just one". And it is quite normal for the user's PC and phone to be communicating.


I am not interested in answers on this subject. There is *nothing* that *you* can teach me about malware. I was just trying to educate you and to debunk your blatantly false claims.
You are right that I tend to become rather abrupt when faced with hubris and ignorance, though, for which I apologize.
@_date: 2015-02-05 15:09:15
You didn't address my concerns. It doesn't matter whether the reputation is granted by humans or by an algorithm. Reputation-based systems are vulnerable to "reputable" people changing their mind and behavior or having their computers infected or otherwise controlled by third parties.
@_date: 2015-02-09 12:00:12


My field of expertise is computer viruses, not penetration testing. But of all the people I know who *are* penetration testing experts, not a single one would "hack a site" just like that. For one thing, it's illegal. Normally, they'd get some kind of contract with the party whose security they are supposed to test and then would work on a limited target under controlled conditions - usually a copy of the site on a separate computer and a separate network.


I suspect that you are suffering from a Down syndrome if you can't make sense from what I've told you so far.
I mean, come on - you are supposed to be handling other people's money/data/credit cards. So, I told you a) hire a real security expert because you ignoramuses are going to screw up badly (strike that - *have* screwed up badly by keeping the credit card numbers in plaintext) and b) don't ever say "hack me" in a public forum, because when you are hacked, you won't even be able to press charges. And you can't make sense of that?
Aw, why am I wasting my time. You will go bankrupt, It won't be the customers leaving you (which they will) because of your lack of security. It won't be even because of paying for all the damages when a class action suit is brought up against you for failing to protect properly customer data. No, it will happen much earlier - just the fines you are going to be slapped with for not following Visa's compliance guidelines will be enough to bankrupt you.
Have a nice day. And to all those stupid enough to use these guys' "service": sorry for your loss.
@_date: 2015-02-23 16:03:31
Not really.
First of all, TA works best in deep and liquid markets. I traded only popular ETFs like QQQ, SPY, etc. (I don't trade any more - too exhausting, requires too much work, and I don't like it, despite that I was successful at it.) I would never rely on TA when applied to something illiquid like Bitcoin, let alone to something like an altcoin.
Second, there are many different kinds of TA - and the different traders use different approaches. For instance, I suck with Elliott Waves, Gann squares or Hurst cycles - but there are people who swear by them and trade very successfully based on them.
@_date: 2015-02-08 11:03:46


Sigh... Guys, your stupidity is truly monumental. You *never* say such a thing in a public forum for your operational site. Because when (not if) it is hacked, you won't even be able to bring up charges against the hacker, in the unlikely case that he is apprehended.
I suggest that you unambiguously retract this statement. Set up a mirror site for hacking, if this is what you want, but never, *ever* say "hack me" about your operational site.
@_date: 2015-02-15 15:24:04


They certainly can - but that wouldn't mean that the state is using Bitcoin as a legal tender. It won't be even using it as a medium of exchange. It would just be an option provided to the taxpayer with which to pay his taxes in US dollars. But, yes, that kind of use would be perfectly legal.
@_date: 2015-02-25 19:31:54
I can't make much sense of your message - you say some things that are perfectly true and then jump to a conclusion which is completely weird and doesn't follow...


Are you saying that there are no good poker players because these techniques (just like TA) "don't work" and "it's just luck"? That's preposterous.


TA will work for those who do it well and will fail for the others. Just like the techniques used by the poker players.


Again, this doesn't make sense. It *is* the technique that makes them money and it does so precisely because they are using it better than the other players.
(I am talking about the case when TA is used honestly, of course. Much of the HFT has nothing to do with TA and relies on figuring out the other traders' levels of acceptance by quickly placing and canceling orders.)
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:37:37
Fundamentals are for investing; they tend to be useless for trading. Using inside knowledge is, sadly, illegal.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:24:51
You don't always need to have correct assumptions in order to reach a correct conclusion.
The assumption that the stars somehow affect the stock market is, of course, nonsense. However, the movements of the trading crowds *are* cyclical, in the sense that they ebb and flow. The visible movement of the stars is also cyclical. So, those who use cycles to determine favorable trading conditions could be "right" even if their assumption that it is caused by the stars is wrong.
@_date: 2015-02-23 15:49:44
The mood of the current traders is what determines the direction of the financial instrument you are analyzing. If new traders enter the game in the future, TA indicators will reflect their mood faster than anything else.
External events can cause short-term fluctuations but they do not change the trend. Another one of my mentors used to joke that all news are in the direction of the prevailing trend. :-)
The thing is, when the traders are bullish, they will interpret a piece of news as bullish. When their mood is bearish, they will interpret the exact same piece of news as bearish.
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:43:27
I agree that astronomical cycles and market cycles are just correlated without a causative link.
I never said that markets had easily predictable patterns. Reading the markets correctly and speculating successfully is hard work. But, then, every honest way of making money requires hard work. TA is just a tool for the speculator. I am arguing that a speculator who has mastered this tool tends to be more successful than one who hasn't.
There is no need for a self-fulfilling prophecy to explain why TA works. And it definitely does - I've experienced it myself.
@_date: 2015-02-03 09:07:38
You can't improve Bitcoin. Any modification/improvement of the protocol (e.g., to reduce confirmation times, to improve anonymity, to change the inflation or distribution curve) would result in an altcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-27 13:57:02
A luck at a game of chance that keeps for years? Sorry, I am not convinced.


I wasn't, that's the point. I managed to recover all my losses and made a significant gain after I learned TA and started practicing some of its methods.
Look, let's stop wasting each other's time, OK? I have learned TA, I have practiced it for years, I have made money with it, and I *know* that it works. You most probably haven't learned it in any considerable depth, you haven't tried making money with it, and you just have a prejudice that "it doesn't work because there is no way it could work". Sorry, but you are not convincing.
@_date: 2015-02-20 12:25:26
Glad to hear it. :-) I worked for them for 10 years. I'm responsible for the design of the macro malware scanning engine in it.
@_date: 2015-02-23 12:40:00
While your claim is correct, your arguments are crap.
1) If the currency keeps losing value, hoarding it is discouraged - no matter whether under the mattress or in a bank. You have to invest it and to chase yield, just to beat inflation.
2) Only a fool would take a loan to invest. You should invest your savings - not borrowed money.
3) As the currency depreciates, money loaned out by the banks are repaid in cheaper money, which is not exactly in the bank's interest.
4) Inflation indeed drives future demand towards the present. Whether this is good or bad depends on whether you are Austrian or Keynesian economist.
5) The *real* advantage for the banks is that they are the first recipients of the new money that is created. Since money is not homogenous and it takes time for it to reach the different parts of the economy (and to depreciate as the market discounts its increased supply), those who get the new money first benefit, because they can spend it at its present, not-yet-diluted value. Essentially, inflation is a wealth transfer mechanism from those who get the new money last to those who get it first.
@_date: 2015-02-22 14:42:23
I have yet to meet a Muslim who would refuse to accept fiat money.
An acquaintance works at a bank that caters to Muslims. It offers no interest on the money deposited there - and the sums are often considerable. Instead, at the end of the year, the bank would write a letter to the depositor, explain that an "error" was made while handling his money, apologize, and offer a compensation - which is equal to the interest rate.
Religious prohibitions or not, none of the customers has ever refused that compensation.
@_date: 2015-02-03 10:45:30
But you *can* have a blockchain without Bitcoin. Just about any altcoin has it without having Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-02 21:37:00
Romanos eunt domus.
@_date: 2015-02-20 12:39:55


He did. I just happened a few days after F-Secure discovered it. We were discussing the situation on our internal mailing lists (and the general mood was "what should we do about these f*ckers?!") when one of us posted a messages that Winternals had discovered it too and had gone public, so the cat was already out of the bag.


No, it was an implementation bug. A buffer overflow, if I remember correctly, that could (and eventually was) used by viruses to gain easy access to the machine on which it was installed.


I fail to see how you reached this conclusion here. How were the AV companies to blame for the Sony idiocy?


We never did malware descriptions like that; we were a small company and didn't have the human resources for it.


This is nonsense. The public pressure was on Sony to stop the idiocy. While we didn't react immediately, it was mostly because we were baffled that somebody would officially do such a thing. I mean, we literally had trouble believing our eyes.


No, that's not how it works. When we had a database entry for some malware, it was automatically published with the next database update. It's just how the process worked. If there was a delay in detection, it was because we *hadn't* created a detection entry for it. In this case we indeed spent several days discussing the issue - we wondered whether it wasn't some kind of elaborated scam or hoax (maybe somebody had managed to infiltrate Sony's disc production). It was clear that it was no accident infection (it wasn't a virus) but we had a hard time believing that Sony would be stupid enough to do such thing intentionally. We kept double-checking to make sure that we were indeed seeing what we were seeing and it wasn't really some real DRM and it was just our professional bias that made us see malware everywhere... And, yes, the possibility that we would be sued *was* discussed.


Sorry, I no longer work there, so I don't know. They probably will implement detection of it, yes.
@_date: 2015-02-25 13:00:55
He was caught, because he did something stupid. Like breaking the law. Just like the other stupid people who were caught for breaking the law.
@_date: 2015-02-03 10:16:57
Treasury Secretary: "Mr. President, we have a serious deflation problem! The money supply is insufficient!"
The President: "No problem! We'll just move the decimal point! From now on, one dollar will be replaced by four quarters."
@_date: 2015-02-25 00:18:31
Your words above suggest that you *are*. You don't seem able to make the difference between speculating and investing and call them both "bets".
@_date: 2015-02-23 14:42:11
TA just helps you estimate the mood of the trading crowds. The prediction is made by the analyst based on this information and, as such, is fallible. TA itself doesn't predict anything, just like the windsock doesn't predict storms.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:21:20
You are contradicting yourself. Just above you claimed that TA works only in the sense that it is a self-fulfilling prophecy. Now you claim that working TA methods should be kept secret. You can't have it both ways.
There are no "reliable patterns", of course, in the sense that they work every time. There are, however, patterns that indicate that a move in a particular direction is *likely*. You are not guaranteed to win by betting on such a move - but you'll have better chances than by betting gut feeling. And a good TA would also tell you what kind of move will show that your original bet was wrong, so that you can exit with a minimal loss.
@_date: 2015-02-03 19:48:41
I don't see anything in the description of BIP70 that would solve this problem. Do you assume that the site to which you want to send money somehow connects directly with your device, bypassing the computer?
I am thinking of much simpler things. A site displays, on a Web page, the QR code containing a Bitcoin address to which you should submit the payment. Except that, unknown to you, malware on the compromised machine has already changed it and what you see on the screen (in your browser) is not what the site sent to you.
How are you going to resolve this problem?
@_date: 2015-02-03 22:26:47
I still don't get it how you mean to secure this thing on a compromised machine. Let's leave aside the fact that you expect the site that requires payment to be compatible with your protocol. But, remember, it goes through a *compromised machine*! Unless you can somehow make the site connect directly to your device, bypassing the compromised machine completely, there is no way in hell you can protect the transaction from malware interference.
There is no way you can trust a compromised machine - for anything. This is not specific to your device. It is not specific to Bitcoin. E-banking has exactly the same problem. It cannot be solved. If the victim is trusting a compromised machine, the game is over.
@_date: 2015-02-26 16:17:22
The site is a scam, sort of. I love the game but I hate being lied to. I'd rather play it on a site that doesn't promise to pay me anything than on a site that promises and pays less.
Maybe it's just lack of professionalism from the site owner, but the problems have been there pretty much since the site was created. Delayed payments (sometimes for weeks), being paid less than your account said you had won, winning the game (e.g., to 2048) but your account shows 0 BTC, the list of "last 10 payments" is wrong (for instance, BTW was sent to my address but my address is not on the list for that date) and so on and so on.
OTH, the site has been constantly scammed, too, by people running bots that play the game better than any human (although no guarantee to win).
A scam site being scammed by scammers. With Bitcoin involved. Why am I not surprised?
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:45:04
First of all, in real money the market is still way below the 2000 peak.
Second, do you realize that if I had continued trading, I would have made much more money than holding an index fund?
@_date: 2015-02-23 12:21:05
TA works, if you are good at it, which most people aren't - but that applies to just about everything.
What TA definitely doesn't do is predict the future. It just lets you determine more easily which way to collective mood of the traders is going and also to see easily when you were wrong and should exit the trade. As one of my TA mentors likes to say, TA is not a crystal ball, it's a windsock.
@_date: 2015-02-20 11:52:57
Using "we" instead of "I" in scientific papers is a quite common, albeit a bit quaint approach. All my papers use this form, despite the fact that I am the only author.
@_date: 2015-02-19 11:28:20
I started to register but gave up when I was told that I will be using a two-line sequence of randomly generated words to log in.
Are you kidding me?! I can handle a single, hard to guess password with bizarre characters. I can handle a pass-phrase that I have invented myself. But a couple of dozen (didn't bother to count them) randomly generated words that I'll have to remember and use when logging in each time?! Not in your life.
Oh, yes, and you clearly don't understand what "two-factor authentication" means.
@_date: 2015-02-25 01:00:42


Which is a testimony to the fact that TA works.
@_date: 2015-02-27 14:15:31


That's way too narrow-minded. A good chess move could gain you material or positional advantage without immediately leading to a checkmate. By your definition, it is not possible to start the game without making a bad move, because it is impossible to checkmate your opponent in one move.


The market participants are not a homogenous crowd. They have different goals and use different techniques. They even use different time frames. A trade that might look losing for the next 1 hour might be actually a hugely winning trade if your time frame is 1 year. Or vice versa.


Non-sequitur. As I wrote above, not all market participants use the same techniques and have the same goals.


Well, that's pretty much what I said at the beginning, isn't it? Some people are good at TA. Most aren't. Those who are good at it tend to make money off those who aren't. Which means that TA is a valid technique worth mastering, if you want to speculate on the markets.


Or until their competitors use a different technique. Or until they trade with competitors who work on a different time frame. And so on and so on. Yes, if everyone on the market was an emotionless robot with exactly the same set of algorithms and goals, they wouldn't be able to win (in fact, most likely, they would herd the market into a crash). But this isn't the reality.


Yes and TA lets you determine easily these levels - so you both know what the price is *likely* to do and can quickly determine that this isn't happening. That's all that TA is. A tool to help you make a clear picture of what is happening on the markets and which way the collective mood is leaning.


*Likely* to do. Not necessarily will do. TA doesn't predict the future.


Again, you jumped to a conclusion that doesn't make any sense and doesn't follow from your premises.


This is simply not true. Not everybody uses the same TA (or TA at all) and not all poker players know the probabilities. Knowing them lets to make money off those who don't know them, so saying that it is "useless" is simply stupid.
@_date: 2015-02-05 17:00:09


How is that relevant? Anyway, I work in the academia nowadays and educate people about computer viruses and malware in general.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:12:28
1) Making *investment* decisions based on TA is stupid. TA simply isn't the right tool for that job. TA is a tool for speculating, not for investing.
2) A proper analogy for your case is that TA is the dashboard that tells you the engine temperature. The decision of whether the car will take you home or break down before that is yours.
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:33:14
If you *trade* based on "fundamentals", you are going to lose your money. If you trade based on insider knowledge, you are very likely to lose your freedom. Not sure what kind of profit you're talking about.
@_date: 2015-02-03 19:50:25


Really? How so?? You cannot trust *anything* the compromised machine is telling you and you cannot trust it to do what you are telling it to do. How does TREZOR solve this problem?
@_date: 2015-02-25 00:23:57


There is no "it". There are different kinds of TA and different people use different methods. Some don't use TA at all. So, the claim that "people collectively follow it" is false.


If that were true, TA would have never taken off the ground because it wouldn't have worked for the first person who invented it. :-)


And I don't really care what you care. You are simply wrong. Of course, you are free to believe whatever you want.


Your inability to make logical conclusions is stunning. What follows from the premise is that it is possible to make money from pumping and dumping alt coins. Whether alt coins are crap or not doesn't follow from the premise at all.
I've made money trading based on TA. Therefore, it is possible to make money trading based on TA. Whether TA is crap or not and whether the instruments I've traded are crap or not doesn't follow from this at all.
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:31:13
I've made significant amount of money while trading using TA. I know several professional speculators who do it for a living and are rater successful.
"If it happens, it must be possible".
@_date: 2015-02-04 11:41:53


I read that. I failed to see anything there suggesting that you have any experience with computer viruses.


LOL. So, it is reputation-based. How do you deal with the case when the attacker spends considerable time to build reputation - just so that he can execute a successful attack? How do you deal with the case when a developer because disgruntled for some reason and decides to wreak havoc in the system? People do change with time, you know? How do you deal with the case when the developer's computer is compromised, infected and under the control of an attacker, so what the developer "pushes", "signs" or whatever can no longer be trusted?
@_date: 2015-02-04 11:41:57


I read that. I failed to see anything there suggesting that you have any experience with computer viruses.


LOL. So, it is reputation-based. How do you deal with the case when the attacker spends considerable time to build reputation - just so that he can execute a successful attack? How do you deal with the case when a developer because disgruntled for some reason and decides to wreak havoc in the system? People do change with time, you know? How do you deal with the case when the developer's computer is compromised, infected and under the control of an attacker, so what the developer "pushes", "signs" or whatever can no longer be trusted?
@_date: 2015-02-04 18:45:56
The electronic voting problem is basically unsolvable because there are many [contradictory requirements]( There are various electronic voting schemes that satisfy one or another set of requirements but it is impossible to satisfy all.
@_date: 2015-02-03 10:12:07


The hacker doesn't need access to your BWallet. All he needs is access to the firmware image you'll be loading to it - e.g., by infecting your PC.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:32:57
They aren't, but they are the two schools that have diametrically opposite views on this particular subject.
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:22:52
That's what I meant when I wrote that it could be used for communication, although the abstract suggests that the presentation will be talking about it being used for storage.
It's still a stupid idea. A C&amp;C server on an .onion node accessed via Tor is much more efficient and just as difficult to take down. A blockchain-based communication would mean that the bot herder would have to pay transaction fees for every transaction. Not a big problem but why do that when free solutions are available?
Again, I am not saying that nobody would implement such a thing. I am just saying that it is pointless and doesn't have any serious advantages.
@_date: 2015-02-12 10:06:00


I don't think that the US Constitution allows that.
@_date: 2015-02-15 15:22:04
You apparently completely missed the point.
@_date: 2015-02-23 14:02:30


Depends on where you live. In my country, as in many others, the real interest rate (official interest rate minus inflation) is negative. The other guy had a point, though - at least then by keeping the money in a bank you lose a bit less from inflation than if you keep it under the mattress. Not to mention the better security.


Again, depends on where you live. Fixed-rate loans aren't. Adjustable-rate loans are.


I'm not surprised at all. :-)
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:36:41


"It" works. But you are either good enough to use it properly, or you are not. It's not just "flip a switch and use it". There are many TA tools. There are many markets. And there is more to trading than just TA. You have to pick the right tools and to use them correctly. That requires skill and not everybody is good at it. Just like with any other profession.
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:18:57
There is a skill element to every profession, including the profession of a speculator. That's precisely what I was referring to when I said that some people are good at TA.
@_date: 2015-02-18 16:08:58
The original incompetent government is long gone. They already have a bad situation *right now* - they cannot pay their debt. There are only two possible solutions - immediate catastrophe or prolonged but lighter suffering. Neither of them is good but one is more bearable than the other. You are advocating the first solution. I insist that the second solution is more bearable and that Greece currently using the euro makes it not an option.
@_date: 2015-02-25 00:41:17
I *know* that it isn't, because I've practiced it successfully for a considerable length of time. It is *you* who is assuming that it is "just luck" based on nothing but gut feeling and ignorance.
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:36:42
What is "it"? Technically, the futures market (for instance) is a zero-sum game. The stock market isn't - there is influx of new money and shares via dividends and secondary offerings. But that's a nit-pick.
Even if we consider a purely zero-sum game market, this does not invalidate the use of TA. Not all market participants use TA. Not all participants who use TA are equally good at it. So, it is perfectly possible (and, in fact, happens all the time) that somebody who is good at TA makes money off those who are bad at it or don't use it.
@_date: 2015-02-23 14:06:11


You don't have to wait until you have accumulated a lot of savings before you invest. Not all investing is "starting a new business". You can put your monthly savings in an index fund, for instance.


Never said that it doesn't. It does. It brings to the present some of the future consumption. I'm just pointing out that whether this is good or bad depends on your philosophical inclination.
@_date: 2015-02-18 16:05:53
I agree with the last paragraph but I still don't see how it is relevant to the issue. The issue was that a) value is not an intrinsic property of anything and b) the number of people agreeing to use a currency does not determine the value of that currency. Sure, the demand for a currency would have severe impact on its purchasing power, but that's not the same thing as value and it still doesn't depend on the number of people using the currency (2 people could have greater demand for a currency than 4 other people).
@_date: 2015-02-05 16:52:54
They aren't imaginary, you are just too ignorant to have heard of them. That's why I provided you links to the corresponding articles - for your education.
As for "temporary", well, a "short period of time" is all an attacker needs to steal your bitcoins. And what then? "Sorry for your loss"? "You should have known better"?
And you didn't address my other question. Does your device support *only* Linux/iOS combos? No Android phones? No Windows PCs? Because I suspect that even you know how much malware exists for these platforms, right?
I can go with "creates a stronger security environment". Compared to the alternative, I mean. But your original claim was that your device was "safe" to use even on a compromised machine - and this is blatantly *false*. So, stop making unreasonable claims.
@_date: 2015-02-24 14:28:04
Nonsense. The fact that investing and speculation both involve risks (although *different* kinds of risks) is probably what is confusing you to call them both "bets". Investing is no more "gambling" than buying a casino. Speculation is no more "gambling" than counting cards in Black Jack.
The "shapes on the chart" do not predict the future. They tell you the *present* in a more clear and concise way. They give you better information, based on which you have better chances of winning when betting on a particular future move.
@_date: 2015-02-23 15:58:46
That's no news to me. In fact, the [NYSE margin debt]( is near all-time-highs now, which means that it is probably a good idea to stay out of the markets. Too many fools. They will be fleeced.
@_date: 2015-02-15 15:13:48
I am not sure what you mean. The US Constitution says that no state shall use anything but gold or silver as their money, or something to that aspect. They don't *have* to specify what is legal tender for them (the states, I mean) but if they do, it can't be anything but gold or silver. Not Bitcoin, nor anything else. I don't see how a state would go around this. They can say that gold and silver is legal tender (several already have), they can say that transacting in Bitcoin is legal, but they cannot make Bitcoin legal tender.
@_date: 2015-02-19 20:06:51


How many times has a stateless society succeeded? I mean, beyond the hunter-gatherer stage?
@_date: 2015-02-17 13:55:46


By not being able to control your money supply, you renounce one of the means for *solving* a particular kind of economic problems.
Look, it should be obvious to everyone that Greece is bankrupt. There is no way in hell it can pay its debts, ever. (In fact, most governments are pretty much in the same boat.) *If* Greece were able to control its money supply, it could inflate the debt away, over a prolonged period of time - causing significant economic distress but nothing unbearable. Without this option, the only things Greece can do is a) get even further into debt, in fact just postponing the inevitable catastrophe or b) default, causing an abrupt economic catastrophe.


Generally, yes. But we aren't at that point any more - and haven't been for a long, long time. Things are *already* screwed up, with governments up to their eyeballs in debt. This is the reality we all live in. In this reality, taking away the ability to control your money supply will only cause immediate catastrophe.
There is no fixing of the current system. There are only two choices - prolonged moderate pain, or short and abrupt catastrophe. Guess which one most people prefer?


I don't disagree with the above. The problem is that we are *already there*. The damage is *done*. And taking away the ability to control your money supply only precipitates the catastrophe.
@_date: 2015-02-03 10:31:07
Customer: My computer doesn't work!
Support: Is it plugged in?
Customer: I can't see!
Support: Why not?!
Customer: The electricity is off; it's dark here.
@_date: 2015-02-25 00:15:13
Well, did you see this guy's title? He's a researcher. His job is to do research and invent new ways of doing things. He has come up with something novel (doesn't matter that it is stupid) and is writing a scientific paper about it, to present it at some conference. Researchers do that all the time. I've done it myself.
@_date: 2015-02-12 09:26:16
It's a very balanced article, which is why probably everyone will hate it.
The bitcoiners will hate it because it doesn't blindly promote Bitcoin, points out several economic flaws in it, and contains some technical mistakes.
The buttcoiners will hate it because it is written by a Libertarian fan of Austrian economics and quotes von Mises.
@_date: 2015-02-22 14:26:54
1) Adoption of Bitcoin actually increased during the bubble crash.
2) It is precisely the volatility that keeps most people (and businesses) from keeping their money as bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-02-16 16:45:12
I don't think that the article answers the question that was asked.
The question asked was, if a country was to adopt Bitcoin as its national currency, wouldn't that cause economic problems to that country, because it would be no longer in control of its monetary policy - just like Greece is not in control of its monetary policy now?
The proper answer is that, yes, this is precisely what is going to happen. Instead, the article explains how with the euro, the monetary policy is outsourced to the ECB's central planners. Fine. This is all true. And with Bitcoin, the monetary policy is outsourced to mathematics. You can argue that one is better than the other till the cows come home, but the end result is the same - the country is not in control of its own monetary policy, with all the economic problems following from this.
@_date: 2015-02-03 19:36:36
This doesn't make sense. A virus is just a program that usually (but not always) modifies other programs to include a possibly modified copy of itself. The only way to make an OS virus-proof is to make sure that:
- You cannot install new programs on it.
- You cannot modify existing programs on it.
- You cannot create new programs on it.
Where "programs" should be understood very broadly to include any kind of executable or interpretable code (e.g., shell scripts, JavaScript, Word macros, etc.). The only computers that are virus-proof are those that are locked-in and accept no new programs - that's why you can't write a virus for your microwave oven, for instance. But if it is a general-purpose computing environment that allows program development and installation of new software - forget about making it virus-proof; it's impossible.
Of course, the documents pointed by the links in the original post are just "pie in the sky" and don't really explain what the thing will be and how it will work. If they are talking about locked-down software for embedded devices (possibly updatable only by trusted developers, cryptographically authenticated) - that's fine (although how do you determine that a developer is trustworthy or that his computer hasn't been compromised?). If it's just a general-purpose distributed OS - fuggeddaboutit.
@_date: 2015-02-18 10:51:10
Ahem. Have you tried to withdraw recently from a US bank cash exceeding $3000?
@_date: 2015-02-23 15:53:58
Exactly. In fact, you don't even have to be right the majority of the time. If you are a trend follower, you can be wrong 80% of the time and lose small amounts of money (because TA quickly tells you that you are wrong) - but be right 20% of the time and win big (because TA keeps you in the long trend).
@_date: 2015-02-03 20:50:21






Wait a sec, I cannot understand the above. What do you mean by "you have discovered a malicious app"?? Does your site allow users to upload apps that can be run by other users, sort of like Facebook does? If not, how have you disabled it?
Or do you mean that some program existed somewhere (not on your site) that used some part of your site (the ToS?!) to access the user accounts and enable sending of funds from them?
@_date: 2015-02-23 15:55:47
Of course. All speculation is essentially making an informed bet that the price of a financial instrument will move in a particular way. TA simply helps you make an *informed* bet, as opposed to a wild guess.
@_date: 2015-02-11 19:29:12
A virus doesn't need to do either. All it has to do is change on-the-fly the Bitcoin address of the recipient to that of the attacker (in your browser), so that you will be paying (very securely) to the wrong person.
@_date: 2015-02-24 13:12:53
Value is not a property that can be intrinsic to anything - Bitcoin, gold, or whatever. Nothing has intrinsic value. Value is subjective, in the eye of the beholder, and changes with the people or even for the same person under different times and circumstances.
Gold, however, has proven itself as a relatively good store of value. Bitcoin, on the other hand... Oh, well, maybe in 5000 years.
@_date: 2015-02-01 13:31:39
That's not true. *Nothing* is "secure" when used on compromised computers because you cannot trust what the computer is telling you and you cannot trust it to execute your commands. This problem is not specific to Ledger or even to Bitcoin. On-line fiat banking has exactly the same problem. You *cannot* trust the compromised machine, period.
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:41:17
It's not so much a matter of "following". All the best speculators use TA for themselves - they don't publish newsletters. And many traders enter the market not because some TA indicator tells them something but because they have to - e.g., if the charter of the mutual fund they are managing is saying that they have to be 70% invested in bonds, they have to stay in bonds even if TA is saying that the price of bonds is likely to go down.
@_date: 2015-02-05 16:57:44
Aha! I had the inkling that you were getting there.
So, your "solution" to the problem of the user using your device on a compromised machine is to require than an *uncompromised* machine is used first, in order to transfer the keys/certificates/whatever.
Well, sure, but that is like claiming that if your home computer is secure, it is possible to conduct secure transactions over the (insecure) Internet. Which is perfectly true, but irrelevant. Because the point of contention is that your device is *not* safe to use if the only machine you have at your disposition is compromised.
Which leads us to the next question - *how* exactly do you propose the user to find an uncompromised machine, so that he can get the site certificate or whatever? Is the user supposed to be a top-notch security expert and to correctly determine whether the machine he is using is compromised or not? And what when (not if) he makes a mistake? "Sorry for your loss"?
@_date: 2015-02-03 15:44:53
Increasing the block size creates a hard fork. This is essentially a creation of an altcoin, unless a consensus is achieved among the miners to mine only the new coin. I'm pretty sure the same applies to introducing new script opcdes, although I'd have to look more carefully into it.
@_date: 2015-02-25 00:17:04
What if you open a drug marketplace on similar principles? Oh, wait, somebody already did that. Whatever happened to him?
@_date: 2015-02-03 15:41:06
Most intellectual are more intelligent than that. And he was proposing it very seriously in his NY Times op-edit.
It is, of course, the modern equivalent of Keynesian ditch-digging or of the window-breaking criticized by Bastiat. Someone who is supposed to be a professor of economics really ought to know better than that.
@_date: 2015-02-25 12:59:43
Wrong analogy, combined with a lack of logic.
Logic: The fact that professional financial firms have computerized TA means that they *understand* that TA works and have sought to automate it, so that they can make money without depending on human talent.
Wrong analogy: Poker players have developed methods of managing risk and of "reading" the other players. It is these methods that are the analogy of TA and they do work. Poker itself is the analogy of the financial markets, not of TA.
@_date: 2015-02-22 18:59:12


Nowadays? None. We know how to handle such stuff. But those were the early days. We already had a case when a virus writer tried to sue one of us because we called his "utility" a virus. (The utility in question was a boot sector virus that encrypted the diskettes it infected after asking for permission and with a user-specified pass-phrase. It didn't ask for permission to infect, however, if I remember correctly.)
That doesn't mean that nowadays sometimes we choose not to detect something or are late with implementing detection. It usually applies to borderline cases, when we ourselves aren't quite sure what the thing is. I mean, if it is a virus, things are easy - it replicates, we detect it. But what if it doesn't replicate (i.e., is not a virus) but still is coded in a bizarre way and does something shoddy? There are many borderline cases when one person's stupid and poorly-coded utility is another person's malware.


I can't speak for F-Secure and I've never worked for them but I have many good friends there (Mikko Hypponen, for instance, you probably have heard of him, he's a rather public figure), have visited them and know how they work. I can't prove you a negative and you can always say that I just don't know it, but still, I insist that they have never been served such a thing. Also, they maintain that if they are ever asked to do such a thing, they will not comply.
To begin with, they are not under US jurisdiction. They are in Finland. Besides, it is simply stupid. Do you know how many AV companies there are? A government that decides to use this approach to keep its malware undetected will have to convince them all. This is simply impossible in practice. Furthermore, it would be the government effectively admitting "we wrote this crap, please don't detect it". Governments don't reveal such information to civilians (even when it is blindingly obvious who wrote it). The US government most certainly doesn't reveal this kind of information to private Finnish companies. Finally, it is simply not necessary. All the government has to do is to rewrite and re-release their stuff, and until a sample of the new version is found by some AV company, it will remain undetected. (And by the time it is found, it would have done its job already.)
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:37:51


As a matter of fact, I do have a job. Yes, I generally can get a feeling if a colleague is good or not just by having a chat with them - just like I can tell if a technical analyst is good or not by seeing one of his analyses. But, ultimately, whether my colleague is good or not is determined by his long-time success in solving the problems s/he was presented with. Not by how much s/he is paid. Similarly, how successful was a technical analyst is determined by how often he was right - not by how well he is paid for his analyses.