@_author: boo-gaa-ree
@_date: 2015-01-07 23:57:00
hello guys,
 I will use other distro, and one wallet, but it is quite a nice project, thanks
 so, i can have a piece of paper with 2 numbers for cold storage?
@_date: 2015-01-26 13:03:44
This BashCo (M) sent me here with my questions, I am noob, I want to buy Bitcoins at ATM with cash, so I learned that I need a wallet first.
I found tutorials with phone, easy-peasy, but can I go with some numbers scrabbled on peace of paper? That is called my addres? Thank you for your answers.
@_date: 2015-01-26 12:59:23
hello guys
 thank you for straight answer
 I am sorry mister M, if that was a stupid question FOR YOU! I guess you had your fill, but i have not! Please, step out of the way or shut down this subreddit, I have more thirst for knowledge and I am coming around the corner, STRONG!!! Shuffle yourself around...
@_date: 2015-01-08 09:25:12
Hey guys, hello
First, thanks, your answers seems to be clear to me, but I am not there yet, so:
I read a bit before I came here with a questions, and here is what I found my approach should be: 
(darn, thay do not have anchor links, so I will post relevant part here)
Offline wallet for savings
An offline wallet, also known as cold storage, provides the highest level of security for savings. It involves storing a wallet in a secured place that is not connected to the network. When done properly, it can offer a very good protection against computer vulnerabilities. Using an offline wallet in conjunction with backups and encryption is also a good practice. Here is an overview of some approaches.
Offline transaction signing
This approach involves having two computers sharing some parts of the same wallet. The first one must be disconnected from any network. It is the only one that holds the entire wallet and is able to sign transactions. The second computer is connected to the network and only have a watching wallet that can only create unsigned transactions. This way, you can securely issue new transactions with the following steps.
    Create a new transaction on the online computer and save it on an USB key.
    Sign the transaction with the offline computer.
    Send the signed transaction with the online computer.
Because the computer that is connected to the network cannot sign transactions, it cannot be used to withdraw any funds if it is compromised. Armory can be used to do offline transaction signature.
So my aim is to have all my bitcoins in cold storage (Raspberry Pi), and use other computer/android hot wallet to pay/get paid.
5. I also need to see my balance, keep track of things, somewhere safe, like on my RPi?
6. And this my other wallet, hot one, I can have more (computer/android)?
Arch, and if OS update is not an option most likely gentoo (once compiled, i think i can clone SD card?).
I am doing all this for SAFETY, so OS should be simply build with apps you need. The right OS is surely importaint, so pre-prepared distros are not an option, they are just full of apps I do not care for, or know of.
I understand that Raspberry Pi will never be online... but I will have to stick a usb stick in it sometimes, to transfer coins?
And in the future, when I get comfotable with this bitcoin thing, and realize futility of RPi's OS, I might change it and try something else.
 (ooo, very nice looking card), right man,  I will remember you for clarifying this paper thing to me, and I'll read that github essey after I reply here.
 1 ok, thank you, that is what i needed, 2 How do I keep track of my bitcoins? 3 "wallet generation seed", is that the node thing or feature of wallet?
@_date: 2015-02-23 19:41:12
Hello guys and thank you for your input.
Hey vbenes, SwagPokerz, SimonBelmond,
Ok, so I think I get it now, at least this part so far. Thanks
Oi knight222, rnvk,
I will not use anykind of online web-services, only wallets on my hardware, if that is possible?
Ola BobAlison,
One without blockchain, space is the matter.
Ok, now let me try and buy something, and thank you all again.