@_author: booga_booga_partyguy
@_date: 2018-10-30 11:40:50
Welcome to the end result of the 24 hour news cycle.
If you want your outlet to stay relevant, you need to push content out faster than Twilight fans push out fanfic. If you don't, you lose traffic because people go to other news outlets that are carrying the story. No time for quality control!
@_date: 2018-10-30 11:36:21
This post tells me you haven't worked in media!
If you did, you would already know I'm secretly an agent of the Illuminati Comms department working hard to discredit discreditors who are discrediting discreditable studies in an effort to discredit Bitcoin. 
The fact you don't already know my secret identity shows you...are sheeple! Mwahahaha
@_date: 2018-10-30 11:44:40
Okay, how does the media operate then? Enlighten us.
And are you going to address the actual points I made, or are you going to simply shitpost from here on out?
@_date: 2018-10-30 11:27:37


This is meaningless slogan in context of this conversation.
And how will they validate the facts of a study that was just published? Do you even realise how much time and effort it takes an actual expert - people with specialised knowledge on a particular topic - to go through a study like this and identify problems with it? Facts don't materialise out of thin air.
It's clear you're just karma farming right now with the whole "media evil!" schtick. You've created a damned if you do damned if you don't situation. If the media reports on something, you accuse them of being shills. If they don't report on something, you will call them shills.
Hell, we don't even know how valid this study is yet, and you are already claiming it's wrong. As of this time, there is equal chance that this study is valid or a load of horse crap.
But please, do tell us all why you think there's a problem with this study. Point out the specific parts of the study that you have a problem with (eg. methodology, data, conclusions, etc).
If you're going to accuse anyone of being a shill for reporting on a study, then that means you definitely have evidence that the study is flawed. Show that evidence.
Also note you are being massively dishonest. None of those articles claim Bitcoin is damaging the climate. Those articles are saying A STUDY is making those claims. There is a big difference between the two. They are reporting on a study making those claims. Reporting is what news media does.


They will never print a retraction because they have no need to print a retraction. The news outlets didn't create this study. Why would they have to apologise for someone else's work?
Also, you have idea if they will publish any follow.up articles nor not. Unless you are clairvoyant, and we both know you aren't, you have no way of knowing that.
@_date: 2018-10-30 10:55:43
There isn't some great conspiracy here.
What most likely happened was the people who worked on the study sent out a press release to all the major news outlets. Considering how straight forward the story is (ie. it's not an investigative piece or anything), the outlets took roughly the same time to write their own articles on the study.
@_date: 2018-10-30 10:59:00
The news reports what comes out, valid or not. Reporters aren't experts - it's not their job to evaluate the validity of a study. Most likely in response to this study, other experts will come out the say, "This study is bogus and here's why". Which will be similarly reported by the same news outlets that reported this study.
@_date: 2019-06-20 09:55:38
Zero. The Federal Reserve doesn't print money, or does it have any control over any aspect of printing money. This is the job of the US Treasury.
As to your actual question, it is a flawed question because unlike with cryptos, currencies like the dollar have numerous denominations, including miniscule amounts such such as dimes, nickels, and cents. Trying to track how much of each note is printed and each coin minted is a futile and genuinely pointless task as it doesn't indicate anything of value. What matters more is how much money in total is currently being circulated. As of January 31, 2019, there was [USD 1.70 trillion in circulation]( This link also provides you with a breakdown on how much of this was in notes, currency that is no longer issued, etc.
I get the point you are trying to make here, but crypto advocacy is not served through questions like this, and such questions don't really add anything to the conversation.
@_date: 2019-06-20 16:13:08
First, apologies for overlooking that point. I've been responding to a ton of posts on this thread (a lot of which are less than charitable!). Just to clarify, I'm in total agreement with what you're saying. I'm also not saying inflation hasn't been happening - it's very obvious it has been. I only need to remember how much a can of Coke cost when I was a kid and check the price of one now.
What I am saying is that a lot of the comments in this thread are making tall claims that would have led to hyperinflation if true. There a ton of good reasons to push for cryptocurrencies - there is no need to make ludicrous claims of the Fed printing trillions of dollars every year out off thin air.
@_date: 2019-06-20 15:34:17
I have provided an explanation in another response you gave to another post of mine. Let me know what you think.
@_date: 2019-06-20 10:35:38
Then explain how the US is not suffering from runaway inflation if, according to you, the Federal Reserve infuses tens/hundreds of millions (or even billions) into the US economy in the form of loans to banks on a semi-regular basis.
EDIT: And I never said Chase's "account" doesn't go up by a billion after being issued a loan. Where did I even say that?
@_date: 2019-06-20 15:49:47
Yes, I did. I'm attaching a screenshot for you convenience. 
And try and be civil - if you have to lie about me making posts literally everyone here can see, then you might want to reassess your entire stance. No valid opinion requires you to lie like this.
@_date: 2019-06-20 14:33:09
No amount of global demand for US dollars is enough to offset the rampant inflation regular infusions of billions or trillions of dollars would create if said amount is truly created out off thin air. The scenario you are describing literally happened in Zimbabwe during the mid to late 2000s, and I have to point out that the US dollar or economy is no where CLOSE to being as bad as Zimbabwe and its currency was back then.
Until now, I have mainly been discussing currency circulation with you, while you have been talking about the US's money supply, so my bad for misunderstanding what you were talking about. Money supply is the sum total of money in circulation in a country - currency or otherwise. That is a finite (albeit huge - somewhere three trillion for the US IIRC). That is what you think is money coming from thin air. And as you can see, it isn't coming from thin air.
@_date: 2019-06-20 18:34:41
Not quite.
Currency in circulation is the stuff used for daily transactions. There isn't a separate electronic and physical cash pile. That's why you can store your money on a bank account where it is electronic, and why when making an ATM withdrawal you get it in cash. In essence, all currency in circulation is the same thing.
What people refer to has the vast amount that is electronic is money that is not currency, and that is the vast chunk of the US's money supply.
@_date: 2019-06-20 14:48:12
Those are not the same thing as printing currency denominations.
@_date: 2019-06-20 11:15:27
I agree. I realise I didn't do a good job of expaining the difference between currency in circulation and money supply, and I think that's where some people might get confused.
EDIT: Regarding this part:


It's worth pointing out that trying to get a breakdown of the US's total money supply is just as (if not more) futile a task as tracking how much of each denomination it prints/mints because you will have to end up tracking even more things (ie. all liquid instruments in circulation).
@_date: 2019-02-25 14:58:20
Gotta say that for all the problems with my country, our Supreme Court is usually on point. And this is a Supreme Court that had political appointment issue last year (similar to the Kavanaugh thing in the US).
India's Supreme Court really doesn't like to fuck around when it comes down to it, and I feel like half the time major social/policy issues involve the SC telling the government to cut its shit out and to get its ass moving.
@_date: 2019-06-20 14:47:31
And as I have already explained, if that is how things truly worked the US dollar would have seen hyperinflation on par with the Zimbabwean dollar in the 2000s, as that would mean the Fed is infusing literally billions into the US economy on a yearly basis out off thin air.
What you described is accurate to a T, but that's a general overview. The nuances you mention are what's important, as those details ensure the Fed doesn't simply generate money on a whim and drive the US economy to a current Venezuela type situation.
@_date: 2019-06-20 11:11:50
Per your explanation, that "eventually" should have happened quite a while back given the frequency with which the Fed issues loans.
And saying things like "the US exports its inflation away" doesn't begin to explain anything! The primary nature of Fed loans to banks is when banks fall below the minimum mandatory cash reserves they are supposed maintain daily at the close of business. Given the semi-regular nature these loans are issued at, the dollar should have suffered from runaway inflation quite a while before now.
@_date: 2019-02-25 15:04:15
Not quite. Generally speaking the SC prefers to not dictate what the government should make laws on since its the legislative's job to make laws in the first place. So instead, it will give time for government to do something and only issues ultimatums like this if it feels things have dragged out long enough.
Usually, the delays are because the SC gives the parties involved a lot of time to make their arguments. So if one party decides to drag things out...
@_date: 2019-06-20 16:49:43
This is true the a certain extent, but not the point of contention in the discussion I was having.
My question was in response to the other poster's claims of the Fed infusing billions or more dollars into the economy on a regular basis - billions pulled out off thin air. My argument is that if that were the case, hyperinflation would have happened already no matter if the banks paid back their loans in full as the infused cash will not disappear from the economy once introduced into it.
@_date: 2019-06-20 14:13:40
If you are not referring to currency (ie. actual money used for daily transactions), then you are talking about the US's money supply.
The money supply is not created out off thin air - it is the sum total of all currency AND all liquid instruments in circulation in the economy.
@_date: 2019-06-20 10:21:14
1) If that was the case, then the question makes even less sense since that is not how currencies work. In any case, what you said it not true. Money in circulation means everything, not just cash. There is no separate pile of electronic and cash currency because they keep being traded from one form into another. eg. You have $500 in your account. That isn't stored in cash - it's stored electronically. If you withdraw $100, that $100 is dispensed as cash. The net amount of money you have is still $500.
2) The question still doesn't mean the Federal Reserve creates money. Far from it - the Federal Reserve's role is to be a bank for banks. Very, very, very simply put: if Chase needs USD 1 billion for whatever reason, it asks the Federal Reserve who loans the amount to Chase. The Federal Reserve doesn't "print" an additional one billion because that could be insane and cause inflation. Neither does it give the entire one billion as cash.
@_date: 2019-06-20 16:52:21
Thanks much!
@_date: 2019-06-20 14:33:38
I'm not even from the US, dumbass...
EDIT: Also, please explain what currency denominations any cryptocurrency has. Where can someone get a ten Bitcoin note or coin?
@_date: 2019-06-13 15:07:48
As someone who lives in a non-first world nation...fuck you.
The global mainstream - as you like to call it - is the vast majority of poor people ekeing out a hand to mouth existence. They barely have access to decent education, let alone access to understanding off something as socially and economically complex as bitcoin. Most are trying to afford two meals a day for their families.
It's one thing to tout the benefits of cryptos, but you're just an asshole who using their adoption of a niche technology to prop up your own ego.
@_date: 2019-06-20 15:26:52
How is what I said lying or any way saying it isn't in digital form?
EDIT: If you mean to say that money in circulation is not in digital form, then you are mistaken. What you are referring to us good ol' currency - the stuff used for everyday transactions. That exists both electronically and physically. Think about it this way: you have your money in a bank account (stored electronically). If you withdraw some of it from an ATM, that withdrawn amount is now hard cash. The sum total of the money you have hasn't changed, however, despite you having some of your money in cash and some in electronic form.
The remainder of the money in question is money in every other form - checking and savings accounts, travelers checks, vault cash (currency stored in bank vaults), and so on.
All of the above, together, makes up the US's money supply.
@_date: 2019-06-20 14:50:57
If you say so. But if this is "newspeak", why don't you actually explain WHY I'm wrong instead relying on insults? Others would definitely benefit from any knowledge you share here.
@_date: 2019-06-20 14:22:13
Apologies, but that is most certainly not what the Fed does. I just explained to you where those trillions come from. It is a quantified figure. It's not an arbitrary trillions of dollars.
And even if its function did entail doing that, why in the hell would they? There is literally no benefit for them to do so. A devalued dollar WEAKENS the US economy and that in turn hurts each person working in the Federal Reserve. 
And if you do genuinely believe the Fed arbitrarily infuses trillions of dollars into the US economy on a whim, then how do you explain the fact that the US is no where close to facing the kind of inflation crisis a place like current Venezuela is facing or 2000s Zimbabwae did? And no, no amount of petrodollars will be able to offset the creation of trillions, or even billions, that you believe are created on a whim on a regular basis.
@_date: 2019-06-13 15:14:07
I would argue that to have an corrupting influence, one needs power more than money. Money *can* give you power, but it's not guaranteed. However, power WILL net you tons of money.
It's why businesses have to bribe politicians, while politicians don't have to bribe businesses.
@_date: 2019-06-14 00:10:29
I wasn't talking about income inequality. I was talking about why most of the world hasn't adopted it, aka the "mainstream".
@_date: 2019-06-20 14:39:34
And that's what I was trying to point out. That "eventually" would have happened already if you genuinely think billions or trillions of dollars are created out of thin air. It's called hyperinflation, and that happens when there are massive infusions of money into an economy.
@_date: 2019-06-20 16:03:49
I haven't come across this kind of info myself, but I personally think it's plausible enough. The tried and tested method for keeping the rich rich is make more difficult and complex avenues for earning more money instead of the average Joe simply being able to get a paycheck and put it in a fixed deposit account. I know I might be coming off as a Fed shill to many people in this thread, but I'm not dumb enough to expect help from a system that has, from the outset, been setup to make moving up a social class difficult.
Out of curiosity, do you know of any literature that talks about the possible link between the rapid rise in cost of living and virtual stagnation of wages with this tactic? I would love to read up more about it.
@_date: 2019-02-26 05:44:00
I wouldn't say "huge", given that tech literacy in India is horribly lacking. Only a very, very small group of people know about or understand what cryptos are, and only an even smaller group care about them either way.
@_date: 2019-04-11 16:22:39
The same laws that make it illegal for a non-citizen to steal something from the US in general. Unless you now want to argue that non-US citizens can steal whatever they want and they are not subject to US law for doing so. Per US law, stealing the disseminating classified information is illegal. The law doesn't care WHO does the above - it only cares about the act itself. 
This makes your first sentence a little silly. Let's demonstrate why by using another example: per your logic, I - as a non-US citizen - can pay a hitman to assassinate someone in the US, and because there is no law specifically stating non-US citizens can't do that, I have not committed any crime.
@_date: 2019-04-11 16:15:06
Depends on the file. How owns it, whom it belongs to, what kind of information does it contain, etc.
If the file is, for example, classified by one country's government, then distributing it without said government's consent is illegal. It's not the publishing of the file itself it's illegal, but the information that was contained on said file. 
eg. I create a Word document containing your bank details and credit card information. Are you going to argue that, because all that personal information of yours is in a file, you'd be a-okay if I published it online?
@_date: 2019-04-11 14:57:01
Not at all! Without news organisations, most of the corruption you are aware off in government would never have been made public to begin with. Daniel Ellsberg himself would not have been able to achieve anything if the New York Times didn't decide to publish his leaks. Nixon would have never stepped down if the Washington Post uncover Watergate. 
And those are just two examples from the US - there are countless other instances like these in almost every country of the press bringing corruption and injustices to light that the public would never have been aware off if the press didn't report on them.
@_date: 2019-04-11 14:25:35
@_date: 2019-04-11 16:42:50
I don't think I did. Can you explain what point I missed?
@_date: 2019-04-11 15:31:34
Who's being salty about the election? Literally no one is talking about the election results. The fuck is wrong with you?
@_date: 2019-04-11 17:09:37
What? If you smoke weed in your country, you're not breaking any laws in the US because the act is not being done in the US.
If you steal and/or distribute/disseminate classified information belonging to the US government, then you are breaking US law because that information doesn't belong to you or your government - it belongs to the US government.
Again, your nationality doesn't matter in the least. Otherwise, it would be okay for me to organise the assassination of a US citizen while not being from or in the US.
@_date: 2019-04-11 16:23:44
This is the main reason why I said "most countries". I'm not even exaggerating.
@_date: 2019-04-11 15:45:27
Okay. Sure. If thinking that makes you happy, go for it.
@_date: 2019-04-11 14:13:55
He turned his platform into a political tool specifically to support his "side". Anyone who wants to sow dissension like that is a shitbag human being.  
If you want an example of a real hero who challenged people in authority, look up Dan Ellsberg and the Pentagon Papers and contrast his behaviour with Assange's.
@_date: 2019-04-11 16:06:10
The crime is the theft of said information and distributing it. Which is why it doesn't make you as culpable as Assange for reading classified info AFTER it was leaked and circulated.
In the case of the Manning leaks, Assange's "crime" was the distribution/dissemination of the data. Regardless of how you feel about it, he did do something illegal with information that was stolen from the US government, which means the US can pursue action against him legally.
Now, if you want to argue the morality of it all, that's a different story. But I wasn't. I was addressing this statement:


Anyone can be held accountable by the laws of a country they are not a citizen off should you break the laws of said country. Unless you have diplomatic immunity.
@_date: 2019-04-11 16:16:24
I'm not from the US...
Secondly, Assange openly admitted he had dirt of both of them, but chose to leak info on one because he hates Clinton more than he hates Trump.
@_date: 2019-04-11 15:34:19
A lot. You just don't know about it.
Also, here's a tip: by your logic, YOU don't have the right to criticise ME because you haven't done or accomplished what I have. Also, by your logic, no one has the right to criticise people like Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump because very, very few people have accomplished as much as they. And yet I don't think you're ever going to say people cannot criticise them.
@_date: 2019-04-11 14:43:12
For one, I haven't said a word about Trump. Kinda crappy of you to accuse people of something they ever said or did, especially when they are having an open and honest discussion with you. Hell, Trump isn't even relevant to this discussion, as the issue we're discussing is Assange's bias AGAINST Clinton that caused him selectively leak info. Clinton's opponent could have been a literal potato and it wouldn't have changed his actions or decisions.
Two, that wasn't a misstep by Assange. When you withhold information specifically to weaken on person/group/whatever at the expense of another, that is a very deliberate action. A misstep is a mistake - something you didn't intend to do.
If someone is dedicated to the truth, they will release ALL the information regardless. Which is why I have mentioned Ellsberg as a reference point.
However, it doesn't seem like you have any interest in having an honest discussion here, and are instead attempting to throw shade for whatever reason.
@_date: 2019-04-11 14:47:30
Through common sense. Most countries are perfectly fine with allowing the host nation's law enforcement to do their jobs in diplomatic missions because it is EXTREMELY rare (to the point of almost never) that a crime in a diplomatic mission is some kind of super secret espionage mission or black-op.
Basically, the vast majority of nations would not stop the host nation's police from entering an embassy if a crime took place in one since there is nothing to be gained by stopping them from doing their jobs and enforcing the law.
@_date: 2019-04-11 14:33:04
Oh, for sure! It's great that Assange did manage to bring to light so much of the corruption that he did, nor does his current shittiness invalidate that.
I guess he's a poster child for the saying, "You either die a hero, or live long enough to become the villain."
It's why I respect Daniel Ellsberg so much. When he leaked the Pentagon Papers, he just focused on getting the information out there. He didn't take a side or anything - he just put it out there. And then, after all that, he was ready to go to jail because he acknowledged what he did was illegal.
IIRC, newspapers even had headlines printed in advance saying Ellsberg was going to jail because EVERYONE was so sure the courts would find him guilty of treason or some other similar charge. Instead, the courts did their job right and acquitted him.
@_date: 2019-04-11 16:52:28
Okay, yeah, I didn't miss your point in that case.
Refer back to my previous post: I specifically said the law doesn't assess criminality on the basis of who committed the crime. Criminality is based on the act committed.
As for distribution of classifies information being illegal:
EDIT: The point of the assassination comparison is to show you that it's your actions, not your nationality, that determines criminality.
@_date: 2018-11-20 15:33:47
What authorities? And what are they behind?
Bitcoin will do fine regardless: it has gained enough supporters that it will chug along without any concerns at this point. Sure, some luddites might not like it, but most institutions, including banks and financial firms, are going to come around to it. They are just trying to figure it out how it can work for them.
And you do realise by not exposing your source, you are complicit in spreading false news, right? Why should we hold "authorities" accountable for spreading fake news and not.you? And humour me: what fantastic sources do you use that are so much more accurate and insightful than something like the Financial Times or The Economist?
@_date: 2019-04-11 14:18:21
If you genuinely believe in what you said, that would mean you are a-okay with people who orchestrate murders in one country will sitting in another.
eg. India's most wanted man is Dawood Ibrahim, one of the greatest crime lords the world has seen in the last 30-odd years. Ibrahim didn't personally commit all the crimes his gang committed in India, nor was he in India when most of said crimes were committed. By your logic, he has broken no laws because he is based out of Pakistan.
@_date: 2018-11-20 15:18:27
If you know this is happening, you can quite literally have the journalist fired real quick if you report them to the authorities. Most news organisations have VERY strigent rules as to what journalists can receive as gifts etc., and the limits tend to be very small amounts.
Any money being paid this way can be easily tracked through an investigation and the journalist can be exposed real quick. 
@_date: 2019-04-11 14:23:37
This isn't a fact, but an urban myth actually.
Embassies do NOT "have their own jurisdictions". Per the Vienna Convention (specifically, article 22), embassies/diplomatic missions are inviolable in that the host country cannot enter embassies without prior consent of the nation's it's hosting that the embassy belongs to. The embassy itself, however, is still subject to all the laws of the host nation.
Diplomatic missions get a few other perks, such as being exempt from all taxes (article 23), but there is nothing in the Vienna Convention that says diplomatic missions are exempt from the laws of the host nation.
@_date: 2019-01-13 06:32:56
The awareness part is tied to everything else. What, you really think the only thing holding cryptos back from taking over rural India is only a lack of awareness? You think poverty and things like education are not linked?
Best of luck trying to convince a farmer to prioritise trading in cryptos when he is literally thinking about committing suicide because his meagre crop is not enough to make ends meet. He lacks awareness because cryptos are an extremely advanced socio-economic concept that won't even be able to function in the kind of borderline feudal economy he inhabits. Right now, said farmer is more focused on having access to basic things you and I take for granted - cryptos don't even fit into this picture. 
I mean, you're talking about surveillance banking when the majority of these poor people lack access to banks to begin with!
@_date: 2019-01-12 18:41:42
"Work around" isn't an issue as yet. Currently, the vast majority of India lacks both the infrastructure and the awareness to use Bitcoin/cryptos at all.
Let's put it this way: the most basic thing needed to utilise any crypto is owning a computer of some sort. Apart from mobile devices, that's not much of an option for most Indians given that even the cheapest PC will cost you around Rs. 15,000. 
IIRC, many Indians don't earn that much per month. The ones who do live in urban areas (only ~30% of the population lives in urban areas) and even in urban areas unorganised labour (which makes up the majority of the workforce) likely earns Rs. 30,000 **at best**. 
And this is ignoring issues such as broadband Internet penetration, reliable electricity supply, the UTTER lack of awareness of cryptos, etc. As it stands, only well to do Indians have the wherewithal to get into the crypto space.
@_date: 2019-01-13 06:24:40
You are seeing relatively poor people living in urban areas. You are not talking about the majority of the poor living in rural areas with extremely limited access to goods, let along iPhones.
And even among those poor people you are talking about, the ones with iPhones are a tiny minority and it's crazy of you to think that's representative of poor people's spending habits in general...
@_date: 2018-12-11 06:00:04
@_date: 2018-12-11 07:41:15
Mind explosion