@_author: booradley18
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:57:27
Here's what I think.  I'm a novice at studying Bitcoin but I believe I have a good enough understanding of it after a few weeks of heavy research across various platforms and sources.  I started with the history of Bitcoin on Netflix, great documentary.  
A little more about me.  over 10 years of banking experience and a fairly close witness to the Wamu takeover by Chase bank.  I've worked for both banks and currently work for an internet based bank and insurance company.  I also used to own a small insurance agency and have passed the series 6 and 63 securities exam.  I am not a financial advisor, stock broker, nor am I involved in the sale or advice of any securities.  I should note that what I am discussing has nothing to do with the security exchange aspect of Bitcoin.  If you understand Bitcoin, you understand that the exchange process, or 3rd party aspect of the exchange is at conflict with the concept of Bitcoin as I understand it.  Over the past 20 years, I've explored both sides of the aisle from a genuine perspective of each side's view, have voted on both sides of the aisle and ultimately landed at an Independent who leans right, with some libertarian values.
Simply put I think if politics drive your view, net neutrality and how it affects Bitcoin will be based on your political views.  If you are from the left you will believe net neutrality is a great thing and it will benefit Bitcoin because you trust the Government more than the private sector.  If your view is from the right side of the aisle you will think the repeal of net neutrality is a great thing and it will benefit Bitcoin because you trust the private sector more than the Government.
Who's right?  We will eventually find out but until then we can only refer to history for an idea of what could happen and then place our bets on what we personally believe the best odds are.  I'd love to explore other examples throughout history, even ones that may go against my view.  But ultimately my view is based on who stands to lose more.  Is it the private sector or the Government?
When put that way, I'd say it's obvious.  When you dig in to recent history Libya and Syria, there's a lot of talk that the previous administration was there for only one reason Gold.  I cannot substantiate these claims but let's say for a moment that this is at least somewhat true.  2 years ago I was watching this show on Netflix from History Channel called, "America's Book of Secrets" on a particular episode covering the Banks and the Federal Reserve.  They have documented insider comments and evidence pointing to some scary possibilities on what has become of the gold in the Federal Reserve.  If their theory is true, which I believe it is, it would provide a link to the suspected motive for Libya and Syria.  Further validation can come from Ron and Rand Paul with the "Audit the Fed" campaign, a campaign I support and if successful, I believe will help Bitcoin.  
Why?  Well if the Federal Reserve has used it's gold as collateral while borrowing from China or if some other scenario has lead to the depletion of our gold.  The day we audit the Fed and discover substantial gold is missing, the US Dollar will collapse.  Which also provides a solid motive for resisting every attempt to audit the Fed.  If the dollar were to collapse, as an American who understands the ideals of Bitcoin, along with the massive systems and processes protecting the legitimacy and value of Bitcoin, who or what would you trust for an alternate to the dollar?
So of the two, who stands to lose more as Bitcoin increases in value and legitimacy?  I don't want to tell you how to think but if you disagree with what I am going to say I hope to hear your side, a healthy debate should always be welcomed.  Personally I think the Government will overwhelmingly stand to lose versus the private sector.  As a former business owner I can say, the more methods of payment you can accept the better and if I had a way to accept other currencies without an exchange fee, the better for me as I can now sell to that many more people.  The Government and the narcissistic a holes who tend to want to run it are often consumed by money and power.  By offering an alternative to the US Dollar backed by the US Government, Bitcoin is technically the first legitimate threat to the US Dollar and the overwhelming power that the US can flex with that power.  Think about it, there are three ways we negotiate as a super power, diplomacy, sanctions, and war.  The only way sanctions work is because the global currency is based on the US Dollar and banking system.  We apply sanctions and you cannot bank.  Bitcoin is a loophole and will reduce our power when it comes to sanctions.  
The scary part is the uncertainty that leaves for the future.  I fully support this financial experiment and I personally believe it's here to stay.  This is the future and anything that allows for a more free market and more freedom in general, will only drive opportunity.  However, my fear is that without sanctions, could we see more war?  I'm not sure that is the case.  I believe in our ability to solve problems and the greater majority of those who support Bitcoin, are supporters of peace, transparency, and integrity.  These are the values that make up the very foundation and spirit of Bitcoin. With that, we may see some upsets, but I believe Bitcoin will prevail and it is in the private sector's best interest to see it work as it provides quite a bit of opportunity and the ability to reach that many more customers.  While there sure are a lot of Celebrities, Facebook posts, and articles talking about what a disaster the repeal is.  I'm not so sure that is true and the typical sentiment I hear is that the current FCC is pro business and that is not an attack on the individual, it's a reduction of Government control and that is it.  Just my two cents...
Will Comcost throttle Netflix?  Fuck yeah they will, but our Government has a law in place to protect us from this problem and it's our Monopoly laws.  We've been soft on them but as the infrastructure improves, competition will increase.  Google Fiber is working on it...
Last, a little off topic.  Anyone else have no doubt that the GOP tax plan, repealing of Net Neutrality, and the Disney/Fox deal are all related?  This is not the first version of the tax reform bill we have seen the challenges the Trump administration has had getting his tax plan approved and the only way these things get approved is by making deals with decision makers.  
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:02:17
I agree couldn't agree more, it's so far from black and white that the only way to get anywhere is to focus on the grey, which means folks are gonna disagree.  It's unfortunate that people are quite sensitive these days, even from behind the safety of a plastic keyboard and a digital screen.  
I'm of the mindset that we need a solution for healthcare.  I was 20 in 2001 and saw my health care cost rise substantially higher each year, not even close to proportionate of the morbidity table, along with reduced benefits and higher deductibles.  I also believe everyone should be able to get healthcare, but it only works if everyone signs up.  Even as I write that statement, there are holes in it.  But simply put, that is what I believe.  How we achieve it is what needs to be debated until it's figured out.
On the subject of Affordable Care Act.  I should mention I am an insurance agent and have been for the past 11+ years.  I'm scratching my head at a gaping hole in the affordable care act that nobody is talking about.  I am the source for this, as I am appointed with Blue Cross Blue Shield, so if you would like further verification I would encourage you to call them and they can verify this statement for you.  Either way, we all need to reform the Affordable Care Act or it has been doomed right from the start.  That is why I am scratching my head... Why would Obama allow his legacy to be tainted by what will eventually be the collapse of the plan?  
Last summer, I had a young Turkish couple walk into my office.  A young man and his pregnant wife.  We discussed their plans for the future and I do not blame them for what they did because what they did was perfectly legal, however, they were able to exploit our system very easily and anyone can do it.  Here's how it works:
They came into my office and wanted to buy health insurance.  Technically they qualify so long as they apply within 30 days of their passport being stamped upon entry into the United States.  Even if you are 9 months pregnant.  Her due date was within 90 days, so we called BCBS and made sure they qualified.  They did but then the phone agent mentioned that another qualifying event is child birth.  So the couple decides it's more affordable to wait for the kid to be born.  They state their intentions with the the phone agent for BCBS and I, and are completely transparent stating that they will be leaving the country for Turkey as soon as the child is born.  So they pick out the plan that is the most beneficial to them, which cost $454 per month, however that's all they paid.  If you google what is the cost to have a child in California you get back $3,300 - $37,000 without complications and up to $71,000 for a C-section without any further complications.  She had the baby and was out of the country before her second payment was due.  
That is one of the best living examples I have seen of the flaws in this system.  I bet there's more but I can only speak of what I have been witness to.  
On a side note I do not blame the couple, I blame the system.  This couple came to me stating that we have it so good in our country.  They told me Trump is like Mother Theresa when compared to their current leadership.  What they did was assure that if things get crazy in Turkey, they can get their newborn son, who is now an American citizen to safety.  I admire them as parents but it is at our expense.  It needs to be corrected but our damn politicians are so corrupt, you and I both know that if it is reformed they will close one hole publicly while quietly creating some more.  So there's that risk, but I still think it needs to happen.  The way the Affordable Care Act stands today, we will have to bankrupt the country to keep it alive, or make some serious cuts so that we as Americans can float the bill while the rest of the world can sit back and bleed it dry.
  
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:19:16
I agree that we only have one choice in a lot of areas in America.  However, the phrase, "the grass is always greener from the other side" comes to mind a bit here.  Money to build or access an infrastructure and FCC red tape are the two greatest obstacles for any startup ISP.
Bitcoin, is self regulated and was created because the regulations you presumably support, did nothing to prevent the corruption and bullshit that lead to the 2008 financial crisis.  Bitcoin was only possible because our desire to keep things real, transparent and free are not working with a lot of the regulations that have come through.  The fact is Bitcoin would not exist today if regulations were working.  
If you would like an example just look at the first attempt to regulate Bitcoin in New York.  It's painfully confusing and extremely obvious now that it was willfully designed that way because of personal greed.  The regulators designed the bill and fought hard for it.  Once it was approved, they then quit the Government and formed a private company so those who want the BitLicense could pay them to consult on the application.  The regulators we trusted, used our tax dollars for their own personal good, not the greater good.  There has to be a better way.  