@_author: boosh87
@_date: 2018-09-08 01:27:14
Alright Slick Willy 2. 
@_date: 2018-08-03 22:41:35
I commented before seeing this comment and you are right. This is the right article to read. In my opinion this is by far the biggest news about Bitcoin in the history of Bitcoin I think. Right? These are not your average Joes they're talking about. 
@_date: 2018-08-03 22:40:07
Read the Fortune article and tell everyone about it. This is some serious business. I always try to temper my Bitcoin optimism to avoid extreme disappointment, but the Fortune article and people and companies it's about is not some Twitter hack promising $5 billion Bitcoin. I welcome the news greatly. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 22:08:54
Like I said, I'm new, my fairly newly acquired Bitcoin is down, but I do know I took my Bitcoin off Coinbase almost immediately and put it in a hardware wallet, as is suggested by many on the internet for security/lack of insurance purposes. 
Peoples' option of doing this is not even mentioned in the article, yet at least some of the money leaving Coinbase has to be people deciding, "F it, I'm just guna put my Bitcoin somewhere safe and see what happens, I suck at trading anyways" or "Yea it's time I up the security on my money, I'll drop the $100 on a hardware wallet I guess," don't you think? I dunno, I feel like this method of taking your money off Coinbase, other than just cashing and quitting for good, should at least be paid lip service by what's supposed to be a reputable financial publication. 
I feel like Fortune, MarketWatch, Forbes, and others just constantly bash the shit out of Bitcoin, yet often don't even make an effort to give an informed opinion, whether it concludes "Bitcoin will be $1m in 2 months" or "Bitcoin will be $0 in 2 months". Are these really just really old people who hate change and make no effort to understand anything new?
Edit: feel free to tell me I'm a lazy idiot and am missing something in the article. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 22:32:53
As mentioned in my other comment, as a old millennial, I take literally everything I read on the internet with a grain of salt because that's what I was rightfully taught to do. Baby boomers, they missed that lesson. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 22:29:02
True story. Which how we got to where we are in the USA. 
I just hope my generation learns from my parents' generations' terrible, terrible tendency to do this - the ever loudening echo chamber. The old "never believe what you read on the internet" many of us learned in lower education, and now apply to media in general, definitely went in one ear and out the other when it comes to the baby boomers, if they ever heard it at all. 
@_date: 2018-06-30 11:55:07
Good call, I've noticed Medium being actually informative. Not just either bash Bitcoin or daydream of $5000000 Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-06-30 11:57:16
Oh yea. I'm very curious to see what happens to Bitcoin in the next recession which by most accounts will happen in only a year or two.
Edit: and by the way, Obama did institute the fiduciary rule, which was then trashed by pumpkinhead. So something was fixed, for only a short while. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 23:57:04
I share you disdain for the government and get your point about inflation. 
My point about a brokerage account is that, right now, the population at large has no problem holding $250k in an etrade account because it's considered safe due to heavy regulation to protect consumers. I'm not sure if something like Coinbase has that going for it at this point, people don't trust it, and the population at large probably isn't going to jump through all the weird techy hoops to put their cryptos onto a hardware wallet. Exchanges like Binance, forget it, all the shit you have to do to even figure that out is out of the question for most people, especially older people with money. But once people feel safe just opening a Coinbase account, super easy, and leaving their money there without the current concerns with doing that, I think it opens a whole other, enormous population of Bitcoin buyers. Even better, more mainstream websites like E-Trade, or an actual wealth manager/firm, that people already use and trust, whether rightfully so or not, boom, everyone sticks a little in cryptos, because why not, diversification is good, and it's easy. 
Regarding digital currency, sure most money is in digital form, but I still don't consider it actually digital because, if I want, I can take every dollar of digitized USD I have and turn it into something I can hold in a matter of minutes to put under my mattress so the government can steal 2% of it from me every year. If Venezuela happens to the US, can still go get a billion dollar note that's not worth shit, still not digital. Not true with cryptos, purely digital money. 
By money to be made, I'm not talking about that dickhead Mnuchin actually making money to pass out to his friends, I'm referring to average Joe 58 year old with a decent retirement nest egg and an etrade account. If he could easily put 1% of his account into cryptos and feel secure about it I don't see anybody but the most stubborn baby boomer old asshat not doing it. 
I envision a world where cryptos are just another piece of everyone's own savings pie. At least in the relatively short term. Will all money be cryptos in the long term? Certainly hope so for my own sake, and I hope it's one or more of the cryptos I currently own, but that's to be seen. I hope I like that long. 
Edit: live. 
@_date: 2018-06-30 00:20:51
Yea I guess the problem I'm having is reflexively linking the value of Bitcoin to how much USD it's worth instead if just thinking about it in its own right. 
Edit: but the obvious problem with doing that at this point is you can't buy shit with Bitcoin compared to USD, so currently it's not a practical way of thinking when you have a mortgage and other bills to pay. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 22:58:54
You'd think where there's money to be made those with money would be into finding a way to utilize it. I can't think of how Bitcoin or other cryptos wouldn't be successful if a few things happen: insurance, higher online security making the scary process of moving to a hardware wallet obsolete, and thoughtful regulation that makes people feel safe. This could lead to wealth managers and their firms having more open minds and, with that, I don't see how everyone with a brokerage account doesn't have 1% of their money in cryptos. People who despise gold often still allocate 2-3%. What about digital currency that's faster and cheaper than fiat sounds like something that won't last? Literally everything is digital now, except money, and it's obvious to me that digital money is plausible. Sure, I could be way off in the end, but I don't think it's a terrible long term analysis, albeit very oversimplified. 