@_author: bootrear
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:01:57
At no point have I stated Bitcoin is a business. It's something business makes use of. Or not, these days.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:00:20
It was coined by anti-Bitcoin-Cash-ers, to detract from its Bitcoinyness. Pretty much textbook definition.
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:21:55
BCash is a derogative term. Please don't use it if you want to have an actual conversation.
I'm not a fan of Bitcoin Cash over Bitcoin - I'm a fan of things that work. There are a few people in Core that I am most certainly against, but that doesn't extend to Bitcoin itself as a project. In fact I think the Bitcoin Cash name is stupid, and most of the people in the community aren't any better than the average Bitcoin community participant.
Roger Ver is literally just some guy with a lot of coin, he doesn't have any significant power in any of the development teams, he doesn't make important decisions on the future of Bitcoin Cash. And you're just assuming I support him beyond that I think what he does increases adoption - which for BCH is a good thing. At the same time, look at someone like Gregory Maxwell. I've been around the internet for a long time, but he is the most toxic person I've encountered so far. The things he says... Go hang on IRC, or look at the Wikipedia logs for something truly gruesome. Point being: there are some shady people on both sides. Singling out Roger Ver is a bit odd. I won't deny he has a lot to win, but some of the things I've seen posted about him are also provably not true, so...
As for centralization, Core being dictators of Bitcoin is centralization to me. Conflicts of interest between some Core developers and BlockStream reek of centralization to me. The Lightning Network and the central hub infrastructure they will create (there's some paper around that 'proves' it will result in a hub structures rather than a mesh) is centralization. But even if LN wasn't centralization, moving transactions off the chain in that way beats the purpose of having the chain in the first place.
How does Bitcoin Cash even centralize? Development wise there are multiple teams competing. Block-sizes increasing only lead to more centralization if they significantly outpace Moore's law, and the Cornell study has said 4MB was perfectly safe early 2016, so 8MB is certainly safe now. Besides, SegWit blocks can reach 4MB as well in worst-case conditions. It would have been perfectly fine for Bitcoin Core to go to 2MB.
The S2X disaster was largely caused by UASF which in turn triggered the Cash fork. Otherwise Cash devs would have probably thrown their lot in with S2X and I don't think the network would have crashed. It's more of a single developer issue. If Core _wanted_ to implement a 2MB fork, I have absolutely zero doubt they would have built it completely functional. Complexity wise it is a lot smaller change than SegWit... There is just no way that I will accept that the past two years have been too short a time to be able to create, test, and implement that 2MB fork. The debate has been going on for longer.
However I do see proper development as the single proper argument put forward by the Bitcoin camp. But if it takes too long the market moves. And as someone who got wealthy doing actual business (rather than beating the odds on betting on some crypto as a lot of people here), the Core devs are unreliable business partners - they put politics and idealism (not to mention childish fueds) before functionality. That means they can pull the rug out from under you at any give time.
@_date: 2017-12-25 10:05:57
That's an especially bad example seeing as RIFF-WAVE was a container format that could contain MPEG2 Audio Layer 3 data just as well as uncompressed waveform audio. If anything, with all bells and whistles on, the WAV format was more complex than the MP3 format.
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:56:46
Core could have taken away every single decibel of the 2X and Cash communities' thunder by just implementing it (or something similar) and dragging everybody with them. The discussion would have been done, over. Instead they troll and bask in their delusions of grandeur while fees skyrocket and the currency feature of Bitcoin has been lost.
Billions in potential business transactions (not to mention adoption!) have been lost and the community split because of politics and posturing? That is extremely childish. Life is compromise, pragmatism is king.
Core has demonstrated repeatedly they do not care about the function of the network, you cannot let businesses that handle millions (or much more) rely on these sort of projects (see also why Vitalik didn't build Ethereum's functionality on Bitcoin). Maybe increasing the block-size is not the ultimate solution, but it would allow for the breathing room to get Lightning Network ready (if that even works).
I will not trust any part of my businesses to projects lead by these guys ever again.
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:54:43
Je bent wel heel erg aan het dramatiseren, het is SBS6 niet. (Roughly translated, this title/thread is a FOX News level dramatization of the actual article)


The reputation of the newspaper is important, and serious people don't take tabloids seriously.


Some other parts/arguments are based on a Financial Times article (  )
A lot is repeating what others have said.
She also states some arguments _for_ Bitcoin, and puts forward that some of the fears may be nonsense (for example that fiat is _also_ only backed by belief).
She specifically states a concern that investments in ICOs are high risk because they are not 'rated' investments and subject to regulations, like IPOs, which is hard to describe as anything else but cold truth.
In the end she only says in her _opinion piece_ that _she_ would sell them if _she_ had any. That is not the same as a national newspaper urging people to sell.
All in all, this is relatively balanced article about Bitcoin...
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:51:56
Well obviously the Bitcoin community supports Bitcoin Core, because those who don't have split off... :)
But good on the tit for tat, that truly solves things.
@_date: 2017-05-30 12:02:02
Well, I can hardly argue with that :)
@_date: 2017-05-30 11:19:09


It seems different people have different definitions of centralization, and when it is problematic.
One camp appears to see centralization only when the majority of hash rate is controlled by a single entity.
Am I correct in understanding that you(r camp) sees it as when a single entity controls as little as 5%, as this would allow said entity to block any 95% super-majority proposal ?
I think this is a very important distinction in the centralization argument that is not being communicated well.
@_date: 2017-05-30 11:34:27


I don't understand how that is your interpretation. I am not a troll, I truly do not understand this stance, and nobody will elaborate on it so far.


To me this clearly reads that everyone agrees SegWit will activate *if* 80% of the miners signal for it (less than the 95% currently required, and thus an improvement for the SegWit camp). It does not state that the signers of the agreement are actually going to signal for SegWit themselves. Every word is accounted for.
If you read it as that *they* are going to signal for SegWit, what does the "_at an 80% threshold_" stand for? To me that doesn't make sense language-wise.
But, I am not a native English speaker.
@_date: 2017-06-15 07:34:34
Court process can come down to a single phone-call between a detective and a judge, though. I've seen it happen.
(EDIT: Of course that is just preliminary, but they will seize assets and then only at a later court date decide if it was justified. Getting everything back can be quite a hassle, and you may be unable to conduct business in the meantime)
@_date: 2017-06-15 07:31:19
Re: anonymous prepaid cards don't really exist in my EU country, and you cannot purchase a prepaid mobile device without ID (which is registered)
Re: crypto, in my EU country, it isn't banned outright, but if you're actively using it you must fully account for all money movements in case you're audited. Failure to do so can lead to hefty fines, money laundering charges, asset forfeiture, and ultimately jail. According to my lawyer and accountant this will remain the case until bitcoin is officially designated as a currency. If you're treating bitcoin(/eth/...) as an investment vehicle (like you would stocks) and don't actively use it, purchase/sell date+amounts and including them on your yearly asset tax form suffices.
Re: cash, in my EU country bills over 50 are frowned upon already and not accepted anywhere (in several neighboring countries, 100 and 200 bills are still normal)