@_author: borderfox101
@_date: 2018-08-13 02:50:28


Ok, so this is interesting.  You do see it becoming an issue then?  
I'm happy to take the point above that it's being paid for - so it's no-ones business - they can take a hike.  However, if it's likely to cause an issue of that nature, then perhaps steps would be taken?  Could it be that in such a circumstance, mining is confined to areas where there is a surplus of energy?  
@_date: 2018-08-13 11:11:20


You're referring to the fact that satoshi set out btc to be a transactional currency?  Why will LN and off chain solutions fail and what is wrong with changing direction? 


I'm not sure I follow.  Do you think these blockchains are a waste of time and serve no function? You object to any blockchain having a value above a nominal value?  It's not very clear what your views are here - sorry.


BTC in its current form won't work as a transactional currency.  That can only be achieved through off-chain solutions and it remains to be seen if they will function adequately.  Perhaps BTC could increase the block size.
As regards gold, I can't see why gold can't be challenged by a digital equivalent that can be stored easily and spirited across borders with ease?  The other thing is that whilst I'm aware that in many parts of the world, gold has been used as a store of value, in western europe I don't see people use it for this purpose - not a whole lot in any case.


I respect your point of view - and it's been made by others in the past.  However, whilst I try to keep an open mind - I'm not sure that I agree with you.  I can't see why it can't be used for this purpose.




Gold is - so if gold is, then why can't btc?
@_date: 2018-08-13 10:34:29


The only future it has as a 'payment method' is via LN (or liquid).  Presumably you are of a mind that these won't pan out?
Do you believe that any crypto is worthwhile right now and if so, which one(s)?


I wanted to see btc become a transaction currency on a day to day basis.  However, what's wrong with the 'store of value' use case?  Isn't that what gold is used for?  You don't generally pop down to the shops with gold?
Does btc not have the qualities of a hedge against catastrophe in the conventional markets?
@_date: 2018-08-13 02:19:40


Ok, so this seems to be something I've misunderstood.  So even if the network gets used so much more in time to come, it has no relevance when it comes to energy usage for the network overall?  Likewise, the movement towards taking some of the activity off-chain is equally irrelevant as regards consideration of energy usage??


So the miners get the latest chips to mine bitcoin at an ever increasing hashrate in an attempt to make more money (so long as it's viable to invest in the latest hardware)?
Roughly speaking, what is the breakeven point for miners as things stand right now?


That's a very good point.  If we were to apply their logic, then we could all object to what we deem to be others poor use of energy...eg. lets ban christmas lights! ..lol
@_date: 2018-08-09 03:07:35
No worries Robby16 :  I knew you were having fun and I like to see the Chinese New Year rolled out - it's so often apt to dampen over exuberant bullishness!  I just wasn't sure whether you thought I was coming at this from a 'to the moon' / 'lambo' point of view ;-)
@_date: 2018-08-08 17:30:37
Interesting take/insight.  I would have thought that fees should decrease though - as a result of the scale of the large online conventional brokerages?  For example if the likes of TradeStation charge $5/trade then that would stand for any crypto based ETF...whereas I find I get gouged by the current pioneering crypto exchanges.  Of course, I'm thinking in terms of the small retail investor in that respect.
Your take ref. USDT is something I had never considered - thanks for bringing it to my attention.  Now that I do think of it, it seems logical - and it's a wonderful thing - as I'd like to see Tether kicked to touch.  They're not doing this space any good.
On the easier access, I suppose there's a security aspect there too.  Retail investors may feel more comfortable not having to think in terms of having to use crypto wallets.  I know to the purists, the whole point is to hold your own funds but to new people there are many who don't buy into that.  With that, I guess they will feel more confident keeping funds on one of the conventional, established platforms as opposed to the pioneering cryptoexchanges given the number of thefts, failures, etc.
@_date: 2018-08-13 13:03:49


How did he solve the problem?  Would satoshi not have come up against the same scaling issue?  


You can correct me if I'm wrong here - but that's just a consequence of competitive mining (driven of course by profit).  Having said that, how does that get avoided in the case of bitcoin given it's PoW - with other coins, yes...some coins there's no mining requirement (or at least no commercial mining requirement).


Clearly there's currently a disconnect between real world usage/utility and the whole speculation game.  I tend to treat them seperately. There's plenty of good wholesome work being done on the tech - despite all the fuzz related to speculation.
In terms of the price though, I agree it doesn't have to be $6k.  Isn't it a case though that there will be 'some' upward movement in price on a coin that's of limited number if/when it's use does go up?  I know you don't believe in the store of value aspect but I'm not entirely convinced yet - that it can't play a role there.




In terms of use?  What is the complexity?  (i simply don't know - not trying to corner you in terms of argument or anything!).


I'm not the smartest knife in the box - you'll have to excuse me.  Was it that you suggested there's enough transactional ability if a variety of coins/networks are used rather than just one being king?...as otherwise, I've missed that.




Apologies if I am or I appear to be repeating - but it's not due to an unwillingness to change views.  Discussions such as this one have sometimes brought me to a change of view.  I think where I was coming from - I was trying to figure if you believed in a particular project, that one other project was the way forward OR if you didn't believe in any crypto solution whatsoever.




Huh?  But it only achieves 3TPS at the moment?  That won't work in a transactional sense (unless the off-chain solutions work out).


From a decentralisation point of view, correct?
@_date: 2018-08-13 10:37:44


Hmm....that would suggest that you don't see any value in bitcoin whatsoever.  This is what's making it difficult for many people to get their head round btc energy usage in the first instance (because they don't believe in the proposition from the outset).  
What are 'essential energy requirements'?  Are christmas lights essential requirements?  Should we not ban them worldwide?
@_date: 2018-08-13 09:31:45


Sure, it doesn't.  However, do you believe energy usage to be a concern with bitcoin in such a situation?
@_date: 2018-08-13 02:13:10
I was thinking along the same lines originally.  However, I suppose that until we actually HAVE moved properly to renewables, then it could still be seen as an issue.  There are still plenty of dirty coal powered plants out there.....alongside all of the other fossil fuels.
@_date: 2018-08-13 02:11:52
I have heard the argument before and for sure, it has a degree of merit.  It's just a hard sell from a PR point of view when people don't see the utility in bitcoin just yet (don't flame me - I understand it...but most don't!).
@_date: 2018-08-13 09:10:16


?  You saying we can't move to 100% renewables?
@_date: 2018-08-13 02:13:27
My apologies :-(
@_date: 2018-08-13 09:12:53


Ok, but for this to happen means that you are of a mind that bitcoin has no value whatsoever, no function and that we are all wasting our time here?
I would have thought there's going to be a reckoning in terms of price but that it would remain a couple of thousand at the very least...
@_date: 2018-08-09 00:03:24
 : Sure, have a bit of fun with the Chinese New Year, Tax season, broker bonuses, etc.  :-)
However, it's logical that all of this positioning by the established conventional finance houses is going to result in change in the industry.  Your stuff was churned out in relation to price hike expectations.  That's not the point of this thread per se.  It's a look into how the  sector will look once ETFs are bedded in - and not just ETFs, mutual funds, pension fund investment, ability for conventional investment into 401K's, IRA's etc.  The positioning of conventional trading platforms versus the existing crypto exchanges, etc.  ...ergo this is not a 'to the moon' thread ;-)
@_date: 2018-08-08 16:51:18
That's excellent xGOXSTRAPx - you've pulled together info from recent weeks that I've filtered through. However,  in going through so much info on a day to day basis, I find that it's overload and I retain only a percentile of it!
What do folks think will be the upshot of this for the pioneering 'investors' in crypto as these funds become available via the conventional markets?  Are they going to get squeezed out of the market?  What of the pioneering crypto exchanges such as binance, kraken, etc?  Will there be an effect on commissions which will be significant to retail investors?  i.e. will retail investors choose to use the conventional platforms rather than the existing new age crypto exchanges which have emerged due to brand recognition and trust and possibly lower tx costs? 
Will there be a consolidation with very few of those original exchanges surviving?
Any other significant impacts this all will have for current retail investors/speculators?
@_date: 2018-08-13 02:47:30


Not necessarily.  There are coins around that don't involve mining and can still be decentralised.  There are those that do involve mining but are far less energy intensive.


I won't pretend to put the environment before money (!...sorry but that's being honest...and that's the reality for 99% of people regardless of what they might suggest).  


In the case of physical mining - yes...I take the point.  However, there has also been a suggestion made that the computations done as part of the process could be put to better use to actually solve something of value to humanity.
