@_author: boredza
@_date: 2017-08-13 09:20:06
I think buying a house is a smart, solid investment. It's what I plan on doing...maybe. You rent the house out and buy more bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-10 12:33:51
Ok this is the last thing I'm going to say on this since it's clear we have fundamental, bedrock philosophical disagreements on individual rights, autonomy and what causes conflict in general, and I don't want to spend the entire day on reddit.
Once again, the subcultural differences are usually youth fads and have nothing to do with the spirit of who they are as a people. That spirit is present in the subcultures themselves. It supersedes it. Subcultural fads disappear as soon as they reach working age and become salary men or take over their parents' business. Further, the differences of opinion are not a comparison to that of other mishmash nation's internal political disagreements. They have their communist party and various other things that go against the norm, and families may disagree as well, but when Japan says "we", it is a ethno-national statement, not a simple expression of circumstance at merely having been born where they are even though that is the case.
The Japanese capitals are multicultural in so far as the workers have permits to work there but many are not Japanese citizens. I believe Shinzo Abe himself expressed a desire to rather increase the retirement age and encourage more women to work than to open borders to more immigrant workers. And you might be interested to know that there is already beginnings of conflict between certain immigrant groups and the Japanese government. The red light districts have an overrepresentation of Nigerian pimps and the Yakuza have many Koreans. The last murder/rape/mutilation that I know of was committed by an American guy who was stationed at the US military base. If you understand how low (almost non existent) the Japanese crime rate is, I'm sure you can understand why the Japanese aren't fond of immigrants in general. And no, it has nothing to do with economics.
In any case, what you're advocating is social darwinism in which a point of view erodes all others to where there is one remaining. And those who do not submit are ostracised. I am very concerned about the survival of cultural heritage and the preservation of philosophically different ways of life. Multiculturalism is not multicultural. It is a cancer that eats at a society from the capitals and eventually out into the cultural heartland creating conflict as it marches on.
@_date: 2017-09-09 17:54:08
It's almost like in your world view there is no such thing as civil war i.e. war _within_ a country. Large states don't mean less war; all it means is that you are forcing people together with conflicting ideals to live in the same state with the tyranny of the majority dictating to others how they should live their life.
@_date: 2017-09-10 11:03:25
If you think the United States is as unified and singular as the Japanese who btw I was also speaking of as an ethnic group as well as a nation, you have no idea what you are talking about. For goodness sake, the japanese even have (出る杭は打たれる deru kui wa utareru) as a proverb: The nail that sticks out gets hammered. It's in their very ethos ffs. And you compare it to some shit like burgers and fries?
The US has experienced wave after wave of immigration whereas the Japanese were and are still culturally isolated to this day to a large degree.
Borders keep the peace. Borders are testbeds for economic and philosophical differences. Borders are political and cultural firebreaks that allow people who disagree with each other to live the way they like. A borderless world will cause unnecessary conflict for the sake of compromise when there is no need of such. Tighter borders do change that. 
@_date: 2017-09-10 10:16:00
The Japanese are Japanese. You can see that from all the way from their Salarymen, knife making, through their history/philosophy and even in how obsessive they get about their hobbies. They have a collective sense of identity and I consider that to be an asset not a negative. The Japanese are also not very concerned with politics which is a sign they trust generally were their people are going, unlike some other countries or political bodies that struggle with a lot of internal conflict.
I'm sure you would love to have China and Japan form a single country to avoid this "cold war". The Japanese people's will be damned because China is more populous and therefore hey democracy. 
@_date: 2017-09-10 08:57:12
TIL Japan is a dystopia.