@_author: borfast
@_date: 2014-01-06 01:04:48
The fact is, the landing page is showing a 20% conversion rate, which is quite reasonable, for the amount of info given out so far. And we haven't figured out our pricing yet but the idea is to bet on the future of crypto currencies - even if you pay more than you'd make right now, you're betting on the future of the currency and trust that you'll make a profit down the road. This isn't any more ridiculous than investing in hardware yourself - it's always a bet in the future.
As for it being a scheme, it's not, but of course I don't have anything to support this yet, so I can't really argue with you on that. All I can say is that I want this to be an honest and fair service, and I sincerely believe there's money to be made for both sides.
@_date: 2014-01-06 01:29:12
The thing is, we do not want to mine ourselves. We want to allow people to mine and collect a profit in a few months time. We will get the money immediately while the customers will only get it a few months later, but they will get more than they paid us. As I said, you're betting in the future - just like when you buy hardware for mining.
EDIT: I just realised that the way I wrote the above may lead to a misunderstanding. What I meant was: we want to allow people to mine now so they collect a profit in a few months time. Hence we getting money now but our clients getting more money later, because the value of coins will certainly go up and they can also trade.
@_date: 2014-01-06 01:45:22
Why doesn't it make sense? If the value of coins goes up, that's when it makes perfect sense: your investment now (be it in a service like ours or just hardware) will generate a profit for you. Am I missing something in what you said?
Or are you saying that if we can make a lot of money from mining, it doesn't make sense not to do it? If that's the case, then my answer is this: not everyone wants to become a millionaire, as long as they can have enough money to be happy, because not all happiness comes from money. In our case, we want to build the platform and make a business out of it. That's our challenge, that's where a big part of our reward will come from, not just from money. I sincerely don't want to mine anymore, I'm tired of it and I want to do something else, something challenging, something from which I can learn, something where I can put my programming skills to work, something I'll have fun with. And that's what I'm doing. Of course I will still have to deal with mining since it's the core of our business but I won't be the one responsible for it, so I'm OK with that.
Does this make more sense?
@_date: 2014-01-06 01:17:39
No ponzi scheme. As I said above, I can't really argue because I don't have a name or reputation in the community to support my claims but maybe I can show you a little bit of what I feel about scams:  (that's my personal blog).
I do think we can make it available at a fair price and generate a profit for our customers.