@_author: borgcube
@_date: 2014-01-28 17:34:44


You are. You're living on the ground that the community calls its own. People living in your city/town/village. You depend on them. You rely on public waterworks, on electricity, on transportation. If you rescinded all of that, your argument might hold a modicum of sense. But as it is, you're just in denial.


Your parents cared for you when you were born. They accepted the laws and the community. Now you have (well, probably not based on your comments, but let's pretend you have) become adult, and you DO have a choice of leaving that community. But you choose not to, except that you want to cherry pick its rules. 
@_date: 2014-01-20 20:45:54
Wow man, you've got your head stuck so far up your ass it's a wonder you get to see the light of day. Let me guess, you're probably still in high school, see yourself as much more intelligent than others in your class, lament the "lost culture" of ye olden days?
Yeah, that's not really how anything works.
@_date: 2014-01-28 15:36:34


People agreed that the government should be the tool which will ensure people will fear breaking agreed-upon laws. Your comment makes no sense.




You have no rights, except those that others agreed upon. You want rights? You follow the rules needed to get them.
That's how it goes, anything else is idealistic wishful thinking.
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:01:28
Well, yes. Lack of understanding typically leads to rejection of ideas because they are "mainstream" and "those scientists don't know anything". When, in fact, you just lack the background needed to understand how the universe CAN expand, how scientific theories operate, what observer effect really entails, etc.
@_date: 2014-01-28 08:06:03
Great. So go ahead, convert all your money into bitcoins, see how well that works out for you. Then they'll see you somehow buying a lot of things worth more than what you're claiming to earn, and well, that constitutes as tax fraud. So have fun in jail.
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:41:53
Oh. My. God. You're a pseudoscience spewing idiot, and you see yourself as superior to all. Wow. Just wow.
@_date: 2014-01-28 15:33:03
The community is the one which defines itself. By defying the decisions the community, in which you yourself live, you are calling upon yourself the consequences agreed upon by that same community.
The fact that you don't acknowledge that authority is irrelevant; your ancestors agreed upon those principles before you, and you must implicitly agree to those principles if you want the community to accept you. There is no law, or mutual agreement, or anything, that states "you can live wherever you like, and only follow the rules you want to". That is just wishful thinking on your part.
@_date: 2014-01-28 23:27:49
Oh, wow. You truly are insane.


So you didn't actually *read* the contract, did you? Because I'm pretty sure there is a lot of other stuff other than "lemme take your money and go". Lot's of other legal stipulations, as well as the implicit agreement that the whole deal is legal under the US law.


No, it's that private property only makes sense within a society that accepts it. *Outside* of a society - nope. There is nothing stopping anyone from just taking what they want with violence.


Firstly, because the time to repay your investment would be far too long; and then a lot of it would sink into road maintenance. Second, because the majority of the roads is just to residential areas, and it wouldn't be profitable to build a road to a sparsely populated settlement (just look at how many places don't have adequate ISP providers, or get the Internet purely through wireless means. This, times 10, is what would happen with the roads).


This is such a general statement that I won't even bother with it, since you'll just reply with "that doesn't count for some reason I just made up!". There are a *lot* of things governments did that helped everyone involved.


Irrelevant. You can commit crimes and immoral acts without taking pleasure in them; it doesn't make them any less immoral. That is an extremely stupid argument


Firstly, it's spelled pacifist.
Secondly, this isn't an analogous example. In this scenario, the pacifist doesn't enjoy any benefit, and the majority of his tax dollars *doesn't* go towards violence. Moreover, he accepts the terms of the society, and he has to find some way to reconcile his views with this society. True pacifism isn't possible in this society, so it is just an ideal he can strive towards.
Conversely, everything you enjoy has been paid by others, your own money covers just a fraction of the cost. So no, it still makes you immoral.


You really can't defend yourself. Or tell me this, what is stopping this "security firm" you hired from just robbing you? Or, what's stopping a larger group from forming, which will simply rule over the whole are through pure strength of arms?


Really? So, all those examples of revolutions where people where dissatisfied with the current ruleset is just, eh, whatever, people should do that all the time anyway?


Hm... No, I don't think so. I don't feel particularly threatened by my government. I do feel threatened by people who believe they can do whatever they want, as long as they say "I don't agree with your RULES, MAN".
Because, see, your argument hinges on the fact that you decided *generally agreed upon* rules don't apply to you. Now, you can try and weasel like you keep trying to, but the fact remains - the majority is satisfied with the current system. They might not be satisfied with details *within* that system, but not with the system itself.
So, your argument can then be extended to this: I don't think private property is a thing, and I don't think rules should apply to me if I didn't agree to them. So, logically, I should be free to come to your house and kill you. Since you rejected the law, you shouldn't be protected by it, and no consequence of my action should follow (because hey, who would persecute me?).
Your "model" still requires everyone to follow your ideology, and that ideology *isn't* all that natural. So you're relying on people to stumble upon the exact ideology you find ideal. That is, at best, foolishly idealistic, at worst simply idiotic.
@_date: 2014-01-28 22:35:55


Do you acknowledge private territory? It amounts to the same thing. You owned nothing when you were born, and then got the ownership over the land that you do (if you have any, which I doubt more and more) with certain stipulations that you now ignore. Not very moral of you.


I very much doubt that they would be; there is very little profit for an extremely high starting investment.
Either way, you ARE reaping the fruits of taxation; to say that you have no benefit from it whatsoever is delusional at best. You're literally enjoying the results of the taxation of others, and so supporting the "oppression" that you so oppose.


Right. But you failed to make the decision of *leaving* that community.


Well, yes. Yours isn't? How do you plan on ensuring others don't kill you for your property?  
That's the deal with the social contract; people banded together and made an organization which ensures that the threat of violence *doesn't* loom over their everyday life. For just one example.
@_date: 2014-01-23 00:56:11
Looking through your comments on science, it actually does explain quite a lot, your (quite undeserved) superiority complex, your poor understanding of, well, any field including physics and economics, and your contempt for others. Just admit that you're still in high school.  
You completely misunderstood how science operates completely, then regurgitated rejected ideas, sprinkled it with plenty of bad science (observer effect connected to consciousness, anyone?) and called them your own original thinking.
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:13:42
Not really you in particular. I just love pseudoscience buffs and their little pocket universes that they just refuse to leave.  
As for your background, you really betray yourself with your lack of understanding of, well, reality in general.
But hey, I'm not the one that keeps replying to some random guy that started attacking me for apparently no good reason. And then I'm the defensive one. :)
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:20:09
Not really. I started attacking you to see if you're at least going to try defending your ridiculous world views. Which is why I'm still replying. You're the one that's trying to brush it off with such, "oh I'm so superior comments". Mine are just good ol' fashioned insults. 
So yes, I guess you can't really read either. To be expected, for sure. Still. Kind of disappointed.
@_date: 2014-01-28 17:28:56


But see, others don't ascribe to your idea. You can have any crazy coo-coo ideas you want, but you really do have to convince *others* that your ideology is right. 
And no, property rights aren't "natural". There are plenty of societies where there are no property rights, or people don't have ownership over their own bodies. For your statement "they are natural" to be true, it would have to be universally true.


The right to water is realized through, believe it or not, public works funded by taxes. Which in turn, is realized through a community. The right to freedom of speech is, of course, yours to have, but it's the law and the society which will punish people trying to stop you from having that freedom. 
You may call that what you want, but you need a society to fully realize your rights.


Mine is realistic. No, I don't think I'm nurtured, or cared for, by people in the government. I just realize, unlike you, that by participating in a community I can realize my potential much better than I could ever do by myself. You refuse to be a part of the community, except when it suits you. The community doesn't really accept that kind of selfishness, and you call that human rights. 
Not to mention that what you're proposing is nothing short of moronic. MY world view accepts that people can have moronic views, but it can't accept people that selfishly cherry pick only rights that suite them, and none of the obligations. Which you are desperately trying to be :) 


Deserve? Hm. Interesting, except we don't have the same governments, and that I'm trying to change what I can by living in the real world, and not fairy fantasy land.
@_date: 2014-01-28 17:06:08
So where do rights come from? The UN charter of human rights? No, wait, that was signed by people representing countries.  
 Some sort of divine right? Hm, but then you would have to acknowledge the supremacy of some Church over your life.


Even if they don't, they are realized through a community. And if the community decides you aren't conforming to their rules, they won't let you realize them. Rights like - the right to not go to jail for tax fraud.


Nope, still isn't.
@_date: 2014-01-28 15:29:16
I see now that you aren't really capable of any intelligent discussion.
No, you asked how they will know that you have bitcoins, or other monetary means that you haven't acknowledged in your tax report. 
And yes, government IS the boogy man, ie. the entity which enforces commonly agreed upon laws. If you don't like it, tough luck, try moving somewhere else. But here's a hint - it's pretty miuch the same situation everywhere.
@_date: 2014-06-16 09:29:22
Ie., people who in their infinite hypocrisy still use the resources provided to them by the government and the taxes people pay (roadworks, waterworks, social benefits etc.), while at the same time refusing to pay those taxes because it somehow infringes on your "rights".
Also, people who ignore that you *can* renounce citizenship and become, effectively, stateless, yet choose not to because reasons.
@_date: 2014-01-28 08:19:57
Murder is wrong? Theft is wrong?
That's a pretty absolute statement. I think you'll find not a lot of people will agree with such extreme laws.
The fact of the matter is, the majority of the people in the US agree to this system. By virtue of living in such a community, you agree to its rules. It's not "them" or "the government", it's PEOPLE living here that decided to, and continue to make that decision, and enforce the laws they agreed to, even violently, if need be.