@_author: borgen21
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:07:14
Roading Infrastructure in Guatemala 
 0
By Eliza Gresh on December 8, 2017 
World News
BORGEN writer Eliza Gresh spent some time volunteering for Habitat for Humanity in Guatemala almost a decade ago. While there, in a village alongside the mountains near Anguilla. she helped a family to construct what would become their home.
GUATEMALA CITY — Guatemala is a country full of movement, color and vibrancy. The people are welcoming and the culture exudes from the indigenous people that make up nearly half the population. The infrastructure in Guatemala builds from the establishments of early settlers and the indigenous population. After traveling to the country almost 10 years ago, I remember remarkable differences between infrastructural capabilities throughout the country.
From one city to the next, the infrastructural capabilities varied along the landscape made up of 82 percent slopes and highlands. As a Habitat for Humanity volunteer, my job was to contribute to the infrastructure in Guatemala. My team and I worked on building a home in a small village on the side of a mountain. Our van left the city on paved streets but, once it neared the village, streets were unpaved and narrow.
Much of the road infrastructure in Guatemala is a maze of dirt and paved streets maneuvering over mountains and culminating at cities. Of the 17,621 kilometers of roads in Guatemala, nearly three-quarters are unpaved. The small village where we were stationed exemplified the need for paved roads in Guatemala.
The nearby city where we were staying, Antigua, was a different situation. Once the capital of Guatemala, and famous for its Spanish colonial buildings, Antigua has a sufficient amount of historic roadways and paved streets. The majority of routes to and from Antigua were established during Spanish reign and paved over time to uphold Antigua’s tourist appeal. In fact, much of Guatemala’s road infrastructure is centered in cities.
The lack of infrastructure connecting Guatemala’s large cities to the rest of the country has negatively affected public and private investments. The World Bank has called Guatemala the biggest economy in Central America. Yet, according to the International Monetary Fund, “At less than 1 percent of GDP, public infrastructure investment in Guatemala is among the lowest in Latin America.”
In 2016, the Guatemalan government presented its portfolio of infrastructure projects to local and foreign investors in search of funding solutions. Antigua is the subject of one of the 150 proposed infrastructure projects, worth $1.6 billion. The plans also aim to raise Guatemala’s infrastructure related rankings with the International Trade Center. Amongst 148 countries, The International Trace Centre ranks Guatemala at 78 in the overall quality of infrastructure and 82 in the quality of roads.
I still remember the slanted village along the mountain near Antigua. The faces of the children running around the local store and the communal strength of a village helping a family build a home were inspiring. The cultural identity maintained by the indigenous population draws investors to villages outside of cities. A foreign investor invited us to see his new construction a few meters above the village in which we were building a home. His experience in the country encouraged him to build a home and stimulate the local economy.
Although my visit was 10 years ago, infrastructure advancements were visible then, even in rural areas. As the country with the lowest tax revenue to GDP ratio in Latin America — 12 percent — Guatemala relies on foreign investments. The projects currently in the pipeline require investments to be fulfilled and to advance Guatemala’s development outside of the larger cities.
– Eliza Gresh