@_author: boriswied
@_date: 2015-04-03 09:24:51
This seems extremely silly for literally just asking Americans in general for political elaborations. Even more silly that being linked to in something like that, i'm not allowed to respond or engage with their discussion. 
@_date: 2015-04-03 22:00:58
So the way i'm reading your post, what you're doing is explaining why it might make sense from the perspective of a government to want to not have laws, but have government imperatives that they can impose at will without legal process. 
This is pretty much self evident. If the government can have a more supreme power, it will want to have that. The reason it shouldn't have that power is that it is completely insane - the category of terrorist as a non-person without any rights is a laugh in the face of any liberal or legal progress made since the dark ages, and no serious country should defer to it. 
That's not so interesting though. The interesting bit is, why is the politician Obama making that decision. 
He himself has a background in law - he ought to be able to appreciate the insanity of it from a perspective of individual rights - to some he even seems at least mildly idealistic. But still he makes this decision, further robbing the country's constitution of great value. The question has to be for what gain? He is not open for reelection. He could be writing himself into history as the guy who did X, Y and Z noble thing at the end of his term. 
@_date: 2015-04-03 09:20:55
Oh i guess wasn't actually under the impression that it was only about Snowden, or primarily - but even with that door 'opened' - could you elaborate on the political cost-benefit as you see it?
@_date: 2015-04-03 21:49:47
Now you're just reading what you want to read, rather than what it actually says there. 
Firstly we are obviously in metaphor-country as his humanity is quite biologically affirmably - but getting to the business of it - i completely agree with you on the wrongness of the drone campaign. It cannot be excused. 
The fact that you portray it as if i attributed his humanity to the drone campaign or the other way around *only* speaks about your attention to what you were actually reading.
On why i did use the word humanity, look at the context. Consider the last 10 American presidents. They literally all engaged in crazy acts of violent aggression that should be condemned and largely was around the world. Maybe not so much in the US, But certainly most other places. 
In comparison to those last presidents, as well as the possible alternatives at the time of his election and reelection - the fact that he actually tried to do something about healthcare in the states is worth consideration. Likewise is the opening of the talk about the amount of money in political campaigns. From a cynics standpoint it is even a little hard to understand - as his own political victory was of course massively due to superior funding. 
So yes, Americas acts of aggression with him in office are as wrong or worse than they were during the last 10 presidents. That doesn't make it impossible to talk about other facets of his presidency.
@_date: 2015-04-03 08:02:39
Hey guys. I'm an ignorant european and wondering if one of you could clear this up for me.
I'm no rabid Obama fan - but to my ignorant eyes the pursuit of broad healthcare coverage and now (perhaps in his end of term) less money in politics really are worthwhile ideals for a president. Getting just the first through has partway convinced me of his humanity.
So what are his motivations for something as crazy as this? I almost mean ELI5.
I don't mean "if he can be relatively smart about this other thing, how can he be so wrong here"... It's not like i overall agree with his policies (that i know of). 
The drone campaign for example is an atrocity to me, but i can clearly see 1. why it is a desirable way to continue to impose might and secure American interests abroad under the banner of "anti-terror" - and why it is preferable to military invasions because it is cheaper and although just as 'internationally illegal' it seems less cruel and more responsible to a lot of people. So that's achieving something that the U.S has been engaged in for ages, only giving up more cumbersome warfare and aggression for a more refined yet scary kind.
I can also see 2. Why it is desirable to keep people like Snowden (and even more so Assange and politically similar foreigners) ostracized and on the run. It makes sense both in the interest of keeping secrets secret, as a deterring image for other would-be 'whistlers' and just generally to maintain the alpha image for the American government.
What i really don't get is the cost-benefit of something like this.
It seems like Obama is smart and not without Ideals. 
I know Ideals ought to have kept him far away from the drone campaign - but i can see how the drone campaign in his and the heads of others wins out over continued wars in the middle east. Say... an invasion of Pakistan or something. 
But how does he understand the clearly negative effect of the boundless funding in politics and dares to speak on that, but will make an order like this that is clearly a greater loss of ideals than a gain in his and Americas ability to impose their interests. (or is it?)
Am i just stupid? 
Is Snowden much more important than i thought? 
Is it the PR of it? Is he looking too weak with Snowden running free?'
Am i gullible with regards to the speaking out on money in politics? Is it never going to happen?
Please smart Americans - help me understand. 
@_date: 2015-04-03 22:06:12
Everything is subject to human interpretation. Even math and empiricism. 
They just have sufficiently rigorous linguistic parsing that we read them the same from time to time. 
If we didn't all agree that Euclid had geometry down, we could still be arguing over where to start and with what, likewise all the way forward. And we could at any given moment decide that he was a tosser and start over. Basically as Feynman said, you have to allow some things to be understood and accepted under the framework you're working in, otherwise you can say nothing about anything.
For anything related to how humans should behave or organize or whatever - obviously it is all open to interpretation, i really can't see the relevance to this case though. An executive order, insofar as being a legal document or degree, is just as much "open to interpretation" as a law. We just have a different protocol for it's interpretation. It happens that the interpretation of laws are much more rigorous and the process is proven to yield quite a lot better results. Ironically, one might bring up a certain 'reign of terror' in support of this. Certainly Maximilian Robespierre would have hated having to go through a knack like due process.