@_author: born_ruff
@_date: 2018-08-17 14:51:13


This is not true. There is no limit on how many Bitcoin can be mined per year. 
Production is limited by reducing the reward for mining Bitcoin once a fixed number of bitcoins are mined. That's why they can only estimate when we will hit 21 million bitcoins.
The supply of bitcoins does increase when there is greater interest in mining. More people mining with better equipment brings more bitcoins into existence faster. 


This is not a reasonable assumption. Supply of gold varies dramatically from year to year. 
The situation with gold is very similar to Bitcoin. Higher prices incentivize more mining in both markets, bringing more supply into the market.
Both have a theoretical limit somewhere in the future, but we don't know when we will hit that.


Artificial scarcity isn't unique. Companies do it all the time by issuing limited editions, such as baseball cards, steelbook movies, etc. 
The value of these things is only subject to insane growth if there is insane demand. 
For example, they are never going to make anymore copies of the Spider-Man 3 original steelbook. That doesn't necessarily mean you should invest all your money in it and expect "insane growth".
As Bitcoin has no intrinsic value, there is no reason to believe that demand will grow or maintain at a similar level forever. If people stop believing they can make money with Bitcoin, they won't buy it, and nobody will make money off it. 


The dramatic price swings in Bitcoin make it very impractical as a currency. 
For example, fees to send money across borders do suck. Average fees on remittances are something like 10%.
But if you do the transfer in Bitcoin, there is a real possibility that your money might be worth 30% less between when you earn it and when you actually try to use it. If you expect it to go up by 30%, you are just not going to spend it.
Blockchain itself has tons of potential, but there is no logical reason to expect any one coin to be a good long term investment. You are purely gambling.
@_date: 2018-08-17 17:40:15


Can you explain what you mean by this? 
Typically a "counterparty" means the person on the other end of the transaction. So if you are buying Bitcoin, the counterparty is whoever is selling you the Bitcoin. All transactions require a counterparty.


How are you measuring that? There was a crazy speculative bubble like 6 months ago.


What does it mean to "succeed" as an asset class? When has that been a prerequisite for a currency before?
If appreciation in value is what you mean, that is really not a good thing for a currency. Increasing value means depreciation in the price of things you can buy with it. People are not going to want to spend the currency today if they think it will have significantly more value tomorrow. 
It really can't be a good unit of exchange and a speculative investment at the same time. 


Looking better than a catastrophic failure isn't saying much. 
Based on the black market currency exchanges in Venezuela, it seems what looks best to people there is the stability of the US dollar.


What I am talking about is the businesses using the features of the blockchain for actual business purposes, such as smart contracts. Speculative investment in the coins themselves isn't really productive to those ends.


Market speculation is gambling.
Obviously you can make money gambling. Because every transaction has a counterparty, whenever someone loses money, someone else makes money. 
Coming out in the winning end of a gamble doesn't necessarily prove the reasoning behind your bet.
@_date: 2017-09-07 17:59:26
You can say the same for any speculative investment. 
@_date: 2017-09-07 15:15:08
What would the benefit be of switching to a Bitcoin fund?