@_author: bosho15
@_date: 2018-03-27 01:50:23
No, but there are ways to tell who some Bitcoin addresses belongs to.
@_date: 2018-03-27 01:17:51
I'm not "in the Bitcoin space" -- I'm a student in a related field who has never owned or used Bitcoin. I'm doing this work for the benefit of the experience of conducting independent research (i.e., seeing what I can figure out without a PI telling me what to do). I'm pursuing a bunch of different lines of questioning to try to reason about how much control the Chinese gov't might have over Bitcoin. Could they tank it if they wanted to? Could they slowly and secretly leech money from the system? Could they censor payments from certain users or certain geographical areas? If they can attack Bitcoin, what motives might they have and what might they stand to gain? I don't know where you got the idea that I have some foregone conclusion that I am trying to justify - I'm trying to pose and answer these questions. That's what research is. And I don't think the questions are as absurd as you imply. China has a highly centralized government with strong control over domestic technology and business and a robust Internet censorship regime, giving them the potential means to attack Bitcoin. They have various potential motives: fear of a currency outside their control, censorship, waging economic warfare, preventing capital flight... I think there's research that can be conducted here. That's what I'm doing. 
That said, comparing global vs local trends is a long shot for a bunch of reasons including the ones you identify. I won't be able to compute sample density which means any "findings" will not be statistically significant, and I would not publish such findings. But if I could find a few thousand Chinese addresses from scraping and clustering &amp; TX analysis, I might be able to see some interesting things that inspire other research directions -- for example, significant anomalies in longitudinal trends could give me time periods of interest to examine more closely by other means. To get started and explore the area around my research questions, I'm really just throwing stuff at the wall and seeing what sticks. Some lines of research are proving more fruitful than others but I wanted to reach out to the community to find out if people with more experience in the field knew of data sources that I was ignorant of. From my reading, Bitcoin's pseudonymity protections seem weak and I know researchers have developed various techniques for deanonymizing users. So I don't think it's ridiculous to wonder if there might be a corpus of addresses that I could link to Chinese users. I haven't found it yet, which is why I'm here asking people who are more involved in the field.
I will gladly PM you my paper if publish it, which I will only do if I am able to answer my research questions to my satisfaction. Thanks for your feedback.
@_date: 2018-03-27 01:49:02
I didn't know that most wallet software generates unique addresses. But I am aware of various techniques for deanonymizing users, including through web tracking[1], info leakage and bad opsec[2], other side channels, and graph analysis / clustering. I'm not using the first but I am trying to explore the others.
[1] 
[2] 
@_date: 2018-03-27 01:26:47
I don't have any connections to intelligence agencies and they probably wouldn't share their info anyways :/ Following up on your joke though -- are there any Bitcoin scams that are known to be Chinese in origin? I looked for Chinese ransomware that accepted BTC payments at one point but didn't find much.
@_date: 2018-03-27 00:23:16
I suspect you're right that I won't be able to find a significant share of Chinese users. Some clustering and graph analytic algorithms will help me expand from a small ground truth data set but it still might not be meaningful. But I just want to see what I can find!
@_date: 2018-03-27 01:21:50
Addresses are owned by people. There are Chinese people, aren't there?