@_author: bosshog11
@_date: 2018-02-10 16:34:16
I think it’s important to establish that credit cards are backed by debt and that debt is not sustainable in the long run. This all goes back to the federal reserve and the fact that the US dollar is currently being propped up by massive and ever growing student loan debt. The reason credit cards will die and will be replaced by cryptocurrency is because it is part of a national system of debt that will inevitably fail. Crypto is rising at the same time the old system is failing.
@_date: 2018-02-10 20:24:58
My knowledge of how smart contracts, dApp’s, and the underlying tech work is not deep enough to completely sell someone on its security. But I do agree that security is the biggest hurdle for the crypto.
Again, as far as I know, security is solved when scalability is solved. IOTA is being dubbed the only “quantum proof” data structure with their evolution of blockchain technology called “the tangle”. But their advertised speeds and security are only reachable with a sizable network.
I’d just urge anyone to look past Bitcoin. It will still hold as the entry into the cryptospace for a little while, but the value of the space is found in companies that are really pushing the tech and trying to implement it.
(IOTA, ETH, NEO, OMG, EOS)
edit: spelling
@_date: 2018-02-10 17:04:30
70% crash in crypto is not a surprise. This is a correction and a response to regulatory rumors. Let’s get that out of the way. The price swings are only going to get larger with the influx of early adopters. If you think falling from a bitcoin value of 20k to 7.5k is a crash, what will we all be saying when we fall from 64k back down below 20k? We’ll continue to set new price floors, but corrections are going to be ridiculous.
And how can a system propped up on over $20 trillion in national debt survive? We’re at a point where the debt to GDP ratio is at 105.6% (measured in 2016).  Investors will be looking to pick up the national debt at higher rates, and if rates do rise, we’ll see a hyper-inflationary period. Where do you see sustainability in a projected $30 trillion national debt by 2028?
edit: grammar
@_date: 2018-02-10 20:06:25
The network itself. Smart contracts. These are autonomous data structures that will allow for “dynamic reward and punishment” as I mentioned when I brought up OmiseGO. OmiseGO is a decentralized app that will run on the Ethereum network.
@_date: 2018-02-10 17:15:44
Maybe I’m making connections that don’t need to be made in regards to this article.
Bitcoin is a disruptor. The major success of other blockchain companies in the coming months will shine a bright light on our current monetary system, and by then maybe the arguments will become more clear cut.
@_date: 2018-02-10 19:17:06
Well, would the credit system still be desirable if the Federal Reserve were to dissolve and cryptocurrencies were an available option for replacement? Three previous central banking systems have failed in the US and were replaced. Is it hard to believe that the fourth iteration, the Federal Reserve, will have to collapse? Maybe I’m painting way outside the lines here.
@_date: 2018-02-10 19:44:02
Okay. I get the idea of credit cards being a safety buffer for the average user. And that’s a great feature to have.
The issue of course with all blockchain tech is scalability. Scalability solves security. The more users validating transactions on their own the more stable the security. Bitcoin does not accomplish this. I’m a bit out of the loop when it comes to Bitcoin and its underlying tech, and what the Lightning Network will provide.
This is why I’ve been speaking of cryptocurrencies in general. The price of Bitcoin seems to be a good indicator of popularity of the cryptospace.
However, OmiseGO being a proof of stake token is what I see becoming the preferred system over credit. OmiseGO is implementing the first Plasma blockchain tech on the Ethereum network. Validators of transactions stake tokens, and receive transaction fees based on the amount of staked tokens in their validator wallet. The Plasma chain allows for crypto to fiat, fiat to fiat, dynamic reward and punishment systems. It would be better to read the OmiseGO white paper for the function of Plasma.
@_date: 2018-02-10 19:03:59
Collapse of the monetary system due to excessive spending wouldn’t lead to a collapse of the credit system?
@_date: 2018-02-10 20:00:36
I disagree. Mainly because I do not believe in centralized banking to begin with. At this point it’s a matter of differing economic views in general, which is fine. I’d say that cryptocurrencies can provide consumer protections. You underestimate the growth of the technology. Bitcoin will be a foot note because another decentralized network with built in cryptocurrency will take its place. And perhaps that decentralized network will also be replaced when the time comes. I believe centralized banking has run its course.