@_author: bossprestige
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:41:07
In line with biggest wealth transfer the world has ever seen. 
@_date: 2016-06-24 08:19:35
Team Mediation. The bond market and financial system is a huge congame and when you consider how the current financial system works it is a flawed system and will eventually come crashing down if not fixed. When you bring up timing of decades how long do you think it would take for this system to be fixed? And what is the solution? Bitcoin maybe?
I think people get caught up in that they watch the rises and falls of Bitcoin as I do and it visually comes off as a very volatile risky investment. But let's compare apples to apples and if you consider Bitcoin as a buy and hold limited available asset that you could potentially spend on more and more other assets anywhere in the world you find true intrinsic value. If you were to buy and hold Bitcoin as you would in the same terms as bonds you would see a much better return and the risk slightly vanishes. 
A further look at bonds revials a true Ponzi scheme. And I see a large risk in the coming years based on debt levels. By the time your bonds term is up it was most likely a loss due to the payout in Fiat and inflation incurred. All bonds are a weak hedge against a realised and constant devaluation of Fiat currencies. Think about it this way they are paying you a lower % to take a higher %. It is actually scary how Ponzi like the current system is. 
Bitcoins risk sits in the code, timely education, security and ongoing development interests...we have already seen the rath that this can put on the system. Every risk/problem/security threat creates panic in uneducated holders and greedy investors. However creates opportunity and these are what needs to be addressed in order for Bitcoin to solidify itself as the world's currency. 
I could go into what all needs to happen for Bitcoin to rocket but I will just mention the priority. First the average person needs to feel secure in that they are not going to lose their coins.(Investment losses are another part of the brain) This will spark user adoption and the rest will be history. 
PayPal coming onboard will certainly help as they are reputable and I could see this as a good gateway for the general public to gain interest. The Wink Twins I believe are also moving in a solid direction to allow WallStreet access. 
As things evolve we simply need more market cap and volatility will decrease. A solid rise in market cap will also foster more developers, miners and contributors to get on board and which will help dissipate risk over time. 
I am excited for the future and hope to contribute more and more to the development. Timing is hard to predict but the world is in a weird position at the moment and certain advancements could trigger large movements. Education, Safety, Simplicity and little change to a broken system is the path with least resistance. 
My first post!