@_author: bostonhotpocket
@_date: 2014-01-09 19:48:22
No, but calling everyone a bunch of morons is a dick move regardless of motives. Hell, make a clear and concise point about how the business is a sham and show some level of research and people will take you seriously. Shouting like a jerk just makes you look like a jerk and people will ignore you. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 17:27:39
There is no call for research here. A story was presented to which it has 0 context. As far as I'm concerned, there is no story here and this is just more of people jumping on the back of something in order to feel that they have a part. 
As far as calling others morons and having this sense of superiority, I'd probably check that. Stating your point properly, clearly and without the attitude will get far more people on board than being a dick.
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:55:46
No problem at all man. I think this might be a first in internet history actually. But nah its all good and I think you have a good point overall if what you say is true, which I hope isn't. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 22:55:16


That is completely untrue. I've locked down contracts with Fortune 500 companies by being polite, understanding and reasonable in both how I handle their issues and how I deal with my staff. It is one thing to expect and demand a promised result, but a complete different thing to then act like a fool when it doesn't go your way immediately.
Acting like that might have gotten you far in life, but I promise that it won't keep up like that. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 04:38:05
OK, let me just get this out of the way first.... Fuck you, you entitled prick.
I hate people who like to quote how much money they spent like that matters at all on the service you get. It is a system they have in place and they'll take care of you if you are calm and understanding with them. Hell, if you weren't a complete knob, they probably would have refunded the whole amount to you as an apology given that it has been an additional 5 days over their initial records. Based on your edit, they still did the right thing and hooked you up even though they didn't need to.
They were polite in their response to you and told you what the issue was and that they would be resolving it ASAP for you. Instead, you give them some ultimatum like a 14 year old hormonal teenager and then follow that up with vague threats about how you'll expose them. I hate to tell you this, but shit happens all the time everywhere, in every situation. Acting like a buffoon only gets you shitty treatment in return. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 07:16:31
Yeah because a graphic designer would have cost money. I mean, look at that awesome font Neil! Bob wanted it to be Times Roman, but he's an asshole.
@_date: 2013-12-02 00:29:35
It is going alright so far. I've been offering it to existing clients, but no one has understood it so far and they haven't been so interested in letting me explain it further. If anyone knows of anyone that might want some design or development work done or needs secure hosting and is willing to pay with bitcoins, I'm down to help them out with it along with a 10% discount.
Mining has come across decently, but unless you get into the heavy asic miners with several thousands of dollars, you aren't going to do enough to really make it worth the time. Though as I see the price going up, I'm definitely very interested in mining more.
@_date: 2013-12-19 18:38:35


No it isn't at all. What  is the difference if it was $1 or $1million? The only difference as it relates to this story is that you feel that someone with $1million should be treated better as a VIP customer. The idea that someone saved money is the complete reverse because that person isn't using it as a way to gain additional favor on a public forum like you are.
I'm not arguing that Coinbase screwed up with their platform and in going MIA for 2 days (16th to the 18th) over the matter. What I am talking about is that you didn't handle it with any class at all. The first thing you say is that you'll go to the news and then you posted in here with some entitled attitude. Honestly, had you just said that Coinbase screwed up, explained the series of events without trying to throw your weight around, I'd be telling you that I feel really crappy and that I hope it wasn't a lot of money all while parading you getting either a full refund or coins at the lowest rate during that timeframe.
@_date: 2013-11-10 02:10:45
I'm not going full bitcoin, but definitely opening my everything to it and letting it take advantage of me. OK bitcoin, the prom dress is off, let's see what you can do!
@_date: 2013-12-11 01:20:31
I bought at 888 and then saw it go down to like 450 and wanted to buy more at that point but was out of disposable income. Gotta buy low / sell high and withstand the urge to sell when things start going down.
@_date: 2013-11-18 17:29:26


Never said that they did introduce a new currency. However, paying with bitcoins IS another way for customers to pay and that has shows huge dividends for small local businesses. I was refuting the economic pitfalls you had with businesses accepting bitcoins by telling you that small local businesses greatly improve with a new payment platform.
As far as you thinking that introducing that much new currency into the market being a bad idea, that would very much make you against the idea of bitcoins since that is going to happen regardless of if businesses accept it or not. You could make the argument that wide spread acceptance of the platform could drive up bitcoin prices making people want to hoard them instead of spending them, but the coins are coming out anyway and a large number of them are already out there with little economic effect.
@_date: 2013-12-20 18:40:43
Still doesn't much matter in my eyes and apparently a large number of others. The business I run and the businesses that my friends run are all run in a much different way. You act like a jerk and you get put to the bottom on the support ticket line, plain as that. If you don't like that, then either act civilized or go somewhere else, because I'd much rather not have your $35k and not have to subject either myself or my employees to the wrath of someone like you. You drop morale and you upset staff that have far more value invested in them than what business the average user, including you will be giving. So I, like my friends, recognize that we'd much rather have a happy employee that gets reprimanded internally for an issue and has the matter resolved permanently than to have some grumpy employee that in turn starts looking for a job elsewhere because the company doesn't have enough common sense or decency to put someone in their place for acting terribly. Fewer and fewer businesses, and especially those in the tech sector are going by the traditional customer service standards and instead are promoting more civilized communication to resolve an issue and cultivate good clients/customers.
I hate to tell you, but your $35k is a small drop in the bucket compared to what they do. While it isn't a small sum of money by any means, acting "demandable" in that situation doesn't earn you very much. I seriously doubt that you got anything quicker or additional that you would have just being polite and asking for better service.
@_date: 2013-11-18 03:48:44
This is the best thing. If the currency wants to be truly relevant, then larger adoption will be necessary. Getting businesses to accept bitcoin is the important thing. 
As a business owner myself, I wish that I was more willing to get into bitcoin earlier and do more to promote it now as a payment method. Unfortunately, since I don't have customers looking to pay with it or an account with enough bitcoins in it, it just doesn't seem like it is worth the time and cost to promote. Having a starting balance as a business makes them feel far more eager to accept it as a platform and also helps give them a little boost to pay for proper marketing of it to their customers. Marketing it to customers as another way to pay means that regular people start getting more interested in it. Think of it as trickle down economics, but actually something that would work if invested in small businesses.
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:29:10
So you admit that you were a dick and that you acted like a spoiled entitled man child? But it is all fine because you have to be like that to get what you want, right? Fuck people, it is all about you? 
That is the exact same thing we see from rich, entitled, spoiled manchildren the world over. The fact you have to try and tell me that I don't know you personally means that we both know I hit the nail directly on it's head with my remarks. You have some money, and you feel that because of that, you deserve better treatment over others because you are somehow more important than they are. Hopefully, someone calling you out on it maybe makes you take a second before acting like that in the future.
Even if that doesn't happen, I'm confused on how the hell you drop $35k at Coinbase and not expect that to happen. It has been noted continuously everywhere in the bitcoin world for quite a while. It sounds more like you got caught with your pants down after doing no research and didn't want to get scammed out of money, so you immediately thought it was a scam and started to make threats. Hell, I get where you are coming from if that is the truth. However, you could have done 5 minutes worth of research beforehand and made a better informed decision. Coinbase takes care of their customers in the end, you would have seen that if you typed their name into any number of forums.
@_date: 2013-11-18 04:12:16


Then why would you be for bitcoin at all? Having all the bitcoins enter the market at all would have the same problem as if they were widely used or not. 
Introducing another payment method for small businesses ultimately only boosts the economy in the end. The easier it is for a customer to pay, the more interested they are in paying on time and the more interested they are in buying from you. It is a main reason why PayPal became a large force, especially in business. Having Walmart accept bitcoins does nothing because in the end, but your local mom and pop place accepting them and a drove of new customers coming around because they can buy something with bitcoins.... that is a seriously good thing. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:45:42
I actually didn't attack him for his wealth. I'm doing just fine on my side of things and I know plenty of people with plenty of wealth that are normal people and can act civilized when dealing with an issue. What I did attack him on is acting like an entitled asshole because of his wealth. 
I don't care if he had spent $1 or $1million, he had a legit problem with Coinbase and he acted rather terribly. He then goes on here and complains about his problem while parading around the idea that he "knows people" all while making sure that he spells out exactly how much money he spent like it matters at all on the problem. You know the people that like to say they know people when the complain? They tend to not know a single fucking person that would give them the time of day because they think he's a dick too.
Let's also recognize that according to his screenshotted emails, he emailed them on a Saturday. They then responded on a Sunday (I don't know too many companies that respond at all on the weekends, much less on a Sunday). He then bitches again on Monday that they havent done anything yet. Or possibly, the date is just off by a day...
That would mean that he emailed them on a Friday. They responded Saturday (still awfully nice of them to do that). He then follows up by bitching on a Sunday that they haven't done anything. Either way, we aren't talking about customer service issue Monday-Friday, we are talking about 3/4 of this happening over a weekend and he is expecting funds to be credited back over a weekend? 
I don't go to my bank on a Sunday and post some bullshit letter on their drive thru about how I'll tell the media about them because a check didn't clear that day. The expectation he had was complete crap and he got far too angry far too quickly and then pulled the "bigshot" card out. That makes him an entitled, spoiled manchild in my eyes and most others around the world.
@_date: 2013-12-19 05:00:35
No, you make sure to mention how much you spent passively like some rich, spoiled, entitled little man child. You are the enemy of every person that has ever had to deal with a shitty client because that is ALWAYS the first thing out of their mouths like it makes the problem any more of a problem. Like you are some Daddy Warbucks dick that should get preferential treatment because you can toss around the real money like a champ. I literally just got a call like this today from a client over something that was their fault in the first place, except I laughed and hung up the phone instead of caved in and gave baby what he wanted when he threw a temper tantrum. The amount of money is irrelevant in the story because the issue has nothing to do with how much you were credited, but that money was taken from your account and you weren't issued bitcoins. It is purely thrown up there to try and show how much of a high roller you are and how you should have been treated better for it.
You then proceed to tell some poor customer service rep about how you'll ruin them by running and telling everyone about this like you have any real media connections or that anyone of any merit would pick up your douchey story. First off, it has mostly gotten you laughed at here on Reddit by the look of most of the comments and has made you look like an incredible douche. Secondly, it did absolutely nothing to help your case and if Coinbase had any backbone, should have gotten you stuck with bitcoin at the rate you bought them at. Fortunately for you, another company lets some spoiled little brat get away with acting like a dick and only furthers your rude ass behavior on the rest of society.
Personally, I blame your solid gold laptop in your McLaren..... What!? it has to do with the story?
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:41:47


     &gt; I do believe that in your example the $1m customer should be treated with more promptness compared to the $1 customer because that larger customer can have a major affect on the company's bottom line.


You've tried to argue that you weren't being unfair to the customer service rep and that you didn't try to use the amount of money as a way to gain favor all while admitting it already all while being entitled about your explanations on both of them. You absolutely are a dick and one that apparently doesn't even understand he's a dick. 
You've spent nearly 24 hours bashing me over issues when I was right all along. You've thrown names around at me saying that I don't know you, when I correctly called the situation on my first post here. Funny that I've seen you argue with people all over this page about this issue and complain about people downvoting you. You've mentioned us all being "sheeple" (which in its use makes you one of the biggest followers on the internet), all while ignoring what people are trying to tell you. I even told you that I actually agree with your overall point, but that you handled it terribly in every aspect and you still take that as though I'm against you having money when that is the furthest from the truth. 
