@_author: botluver
@_date: 2019-12-20 17:59:36
I was just thinking of a decent place to post this that might get picked up in the search engines and figured this forum is as good as any.
Anyways, recently, while searching for a virtual prepaid card that accepts bitcoin I stumbled across expresscards.net which happens to rank well in the Google SERPS right now.
Expresscards.net is a Scammer that is currently capitalizing on the Bitcoin hype + its lack of transparency and accountability. I feel compelled to make this post due to the fact that their scam site is ranking well for virtual prepaid cards.
Last month, I had some funds in ACR and withdrew them to setup my first bitcoin wallet. I'd heard all the bitcoin hype the past few years but had yet to check it out until last month when I had funds in ACR which were basically worthless to me anyways before the bitcoin withdrawal option ...
To get to the point ... I figured I'd look for a prepaid Visa or Mastercard so that I could order a Greyhound ticket online and go home for my nieces bday next month. When searching out a prepaid card website, I made the mistake of trusting a site based on the fact that it was ranking well and the design of the website looks clean and professional ... Welcome to Scamming in 2019...
I ordered a $100 card and suspected I'd fell into a trap immediately as they told me that they were out of $100 cards but could get me a $150 card. This simply didn't make any sense. How could you run out of virtual cards?
Anyways, after i requested that my bitcoin simply be refunded, I was ignored until I began to threaten destroying the companies reputation online... 
I recieved a reply telling me that my bitcoin would be refunded back to the wallet within 7 days... The scammer was just stalling me... 2 weeks have now passed since Expresscards.net ruined my plans.
Into thin air ... gone ... Expresscards.net avoid at all costs.
p.s. if anyone has recommendations on more effective ways I can spread awareness about this bitcoin scammer, please let me know.