@_author: bounty1berry
@_date: 2014-03-25 04:19:10
"Self banking" might make sense as a term only as far as it encapsulates parts of what a person thinks of when they think "banking".
I see at least four things a bank does:
* Provide access to a broad transaction network (access to Visa/Mastercard networks, wire transfers, ACH, or even just the uniformity of personal cheques)  Bitcoin can serve the same place as a bank here.
* Negligible-risk, low-reward investments-- savings accounts, certificates of deposit.  Even if you're a financial wizard, there are some situations where these make sense--  If you're in the middle of, say, selling a home and buying another, you might want to plunk that money somewhere where at least you'll get 0.5 percent interest on it while you wait for the sales process.  There's nothing directly comparable you can supply yourself with BTC; at best you could try to engage in short term loans to others and hope to guard from default.
* Loans.
* Storing your money so you can't easily access it-- things like trust accounts, or simply representing an insured location outside your direct control for protection against burglary.  This can probably be done via technical means, but I think a fair number of people will want legal and insurance backing on it, not just a "but it's super-duper encrypted" to feel comfortable with it.
If you say "Bitcoin is self-banking" there's going to be a bunch of people trying to figure out how to get those functionalities out of it.
@_date: 2014-02-04 06:48:41
It was a joke.
Sorry, I thought the three smilies was sufficient to imply "this is the jokey part of the post."
Nobody's arguing reimbursement of value there-- only reimbursement of the money.
It's like if someone took out a mortgage just before their country went hyperinflationary-- they honoured their debts technically, but returned nothing of value to the lender.
@_date: 2014-02-04 03:45:01


Because of inflation, they could afford to!
:) :) :)
Seriously:  REALITY is inflationary.  Assuming you're not in a historically massive downturn-- something like the period after the fall of Rome-- the volume of goods and services created and sold increases over time, at least on a long-term view.
This also applies to a cryptocurrency ecosystem-- if it's healrhy, you'd expect growth, at a modest clip, as new products and services arise, and the user base grows.
Therefore, money-supply inflation makes sense-- if your goal is to track the size of the economy it relates to, and keep values flat.
The other problem is that deflation is, in a way, a moral hazard.
It makes the case for investment much less compelling-- there's no logical reason to spend BTC on anything that won't produce a higher rate of return than the natural deflation return of just leaving it sit on your drive forever.
On the other hand, introducing a trivial inflation rate means that you've got to keep the money on a treadmill of some sort to retain purchasing power-- and that makes sure it stays available, flowing through the economy, keeping it vital.
Fundamentally, there's also something modestly disgusting to think... what if the greatest dreams of the non-inflationary Bitcoin fans come true.  Can you imagine rich people talking in 2114?
"This is a photo of my Great-Great-Grandpa Cornelius.  He owned one of the largest railroads in the US at the time."
"That painting is Uncle Richard; he built a massive pharmaceutical corporation."
"This is my Grandpa... he left his PC on for a few weeks in the early 2010s, mined twenty blocks, then forgot about his wallet.dat on a flash drive for a decade.  He ended up owner of 1/21000 of the entire world economy."  *ooh ahh*
@_date: 2014-02-21 04:08:48
The headstart is exactly what's dangerous.
"First to market" often means "first to stumble on every obstacle", and so "marginally later to market" just has to watch and not repeat the same mistakes to look golden.
As for this particular crisis:  In many ways, cryptocurrencies are following a lot of the same storylines that occured with conventional currencies.  Things like "We put money in the (bank/exchange) and then they stonewalled or just closed up shop" and "If I'm not readily connected with the issuer of this note/crypto token, how can I still use it as a means of commerce?"
While the libertarian contingent may not care for it, a lot of financial regulations had some well-intentioned basis in reality.  If Bitcoin is to graduate from "plaything of speculators" to "reliable store of value", those sort of rules will help people feel confident in it.
Indeed, I'm surprised nobody's trying to sell a Bitcoin version of bank insurance:  "Our exchange carries an insurance policy for $.... per coin on our books, payable to depositors in the event we cease withdrawls for more than ... hours."
@_date: 2014-02-04 03:16:23
A community is important because no crypto is free-standing as an economic entity now.
You need evangelists to keep the brand vital.  You need developers to solve the little "glue" problems of making it work in the real world.  You need people willing to make taking the risk on the system seem appetizing.  You need people with a talent for speaking and explaining when someone forks the blockchain and you need to explain to people that don't know what that means.
I think there are some interesting technical aspects about Dogecoin.  The bite-sized denominations are definitely pandering to people's emotional needs in a way "You acquired .000405 BTC" will never be.  Having most of the coins being mined within a year is an interesting approach to handling the impact of ASICs.  Admittedly, neither of these things are propriatery to Dogecoin-- any new coin could be built just the same-- so it comes back to community and momentum.
@_date: 2014-03-25 04:25:55
Just because it's technically intelligent and beautiful does not mean it will succeed long-term.  How many of us here are posting from "technically intelligent and beautiful" Amigas, BeBoxes, or RiscOS machines?
There are a variety of risk factors external to the protocol itself.
* Bad actors-- the potential for people to use Bitcoin in a way that undermines the public trust; this includes both "bad neighbourhood" stuff like Silk Road and ransomware that demands BTC payment, and the potential for pump-and-dump and other scams.
* Regulatory matters.  To an extent, this may fall out of "bad actors" but it can hardly be ignored.
* Second-to-market solutions that solve issues in usability or presentation.
@_date: 2014-01-08 02:23:46
Honestly, it could be a usability thing.
Providing more than one big prominent "Buy something" button is a sure recipe for reduced conversion rates.  Providing so many is even worse.
@_date: 2014-03-04 04:07:03
I'd disagree.
The moment they started manufacturing standardized coins, probably somewhere around 2500 years ago, that was the first thing engineered to be money.
Any of the various anti-counterfeiting and anti-debasement techniques, from lettering and ridges on the edges of coins to prevent people shaving parts off to hoard precious metal, to holographic strips in polymer banknotes, are explicitly engineered to protect the reliability and trust that underlies a monetary system.
@_date: 2014-01-25 18:07:25


Yes, that sounds silly today, but it might have been a legitimate question in 1970 or so.  Why should I take a Visa card, if  only a few of the vendors I use will accept it?  Why shouldn't I take a Carte Blanche or Diner's Club?  They look to have just as much market penetration, and maybe they offer something Visa doesn't?  What if Visa turns out to not become widely used in my business?
No crypto-- Bitcoin included-- is a full-fledged economy player yet.   Because of this, there's a fair amount of structural risk-- will legislative changes crush crypto as a whole?  Will people lose interest in your particular coin?  Will it become too difficult to exchange for the goods and services you want?  These are the same sort of questions people might well have asked about accepting Visa or MC decades ago.  (PayPal never really had this adoption concern to the same extent, because it was just a pretty skin on existing bank transfer systems, and because they bought their way to an installed base via years of signup bonuses)
Lacking psychic powers, we can rely on other metrics-- does it have a vital user base?  Are people working on ways to integrate it with the vendors I actually want to use?  Are people going to make it easy to get up and running?  This is why the community matters for a crypto right now, but not for Visa.
@_date: 2016-12-03 00:43:18
The notes are in theory backed by a reserve account of actual US dollars.  From a practical sense, it makes more sense than to keep recycling the same worn-out USD notes in commerce, or the efforts involved in shipping them elsewhere to get fresh ones..
It's a variation on the theme of how many countries which use the US dollar as their default currency still produce small-change coins.  (Zimbabwe already did this; introducing coins backed by the same reserve of USD)
@_date: 2019-06-01 06:36:14
IMO, this is less about the unique merits of cryptocurrency and more a margin play.
Since bullion has a universal and well known price range, margins tend to be wafer thin. As in "the 3% it costs to take a Visa breaks them". I wouldn't be surprised if they tend to be high risk merchants too-- an value-dense, fungible product seems like an obvious target for stolen cards and chargebacks due to lost shipments-- so they could be stuck with even higher fees or large holdbacks.
A lot of the dealers I've seen advertise one price for credit card/PayPal and a marginally cheaper one for bank wires.  If the US had a less dysfunctional method of interbank transfers, they'd probably love to have that instead of BTC.
What surprises me is the willingness to eat the exchange rate volatility, unless they're dumping the BTC for fiat the second it hits their wallet.
@_date: 2017-11-18 05:16:36
Zimbabwe doesn't have a currency in the conventional sense.
They gave up on their own dollar, finally exchanging it one last time at a comical rate.  Something like six foreign currencies are legal tender there (the USD and South African Rand being popular).
They did introduce 'bond coins' and 'bond notes'-- tokens issued by the central bank and pegged to the USD-- mostly to ease shortages in small coins and to deal with imported notes that are literally wearing to shreds.  The trust in them is so poor that they trade at a significant discount to real USD notes.
@_date: 2015-03-14 04:49:20
I honestly am surprised that we haven't seen this sort of stuff, perhaps using HTML microformats, as an attempt to solve the "checkout on mobile is miserable" problem.
Have the checkout page return a 402 with some extended headers outlining how to submit payment, or a correctly formatted-with-microformats payment form, and let the device's browser say "This is a payment form.  It is for the amount $22.95.  Would you like me to fill it with (locally stored credit card info) or (Open PayPal transfer page) or (initiate Bitcoin/Dogecoin transfer)
Simple for the end user, and no need to introduce new payment processing technologies to vendors who don't want them-- just replacing a few HTML templates in an off-the-shelf cart, or add a few lines of code to the cart to throw the right headers on the payment page.
@_date: 2015-03-22 08:06:32
I'd suspect that once you scale up beyond a point, even "in control of the credentials" isn't enough to be legally covered.
See man-in-the-browser attacks (malware waits until customer has logged in, does extra stuff with the user's session invisible to him), and the obvious "user made transaction under duress" situation.
I'd suspect there will need to be some sort of tool to compensate for these situations-- "merchant insurance" or something.
@_date: 2015-03-22 08:10:44
I suspect the issue is that tipping is optional-- an actively chosen "this was worth a few satoshi or dogecoin" reward.  Like how nobody minds the "give gold" link at the bottom of every comment.
Most of the use cases people have set up for microtransactions are designed to be mandatory inconveniences.  Stop the game and ask for a payment for more magic pixie dust.  Cut off an article in the middle and demand a payment to read the rest.
@_date: 2017-07-09 06:05:00
The government acceptance factor sort of works in reverse-- it reduces the desirability of alternative currencies.
You can spend all day trading in Bitcoin, the North Korean won, or wampum, but at some point you have to acquire some USD to settle with the taxman.  If you're going to have to involve yourself with the USD anyway, why not just do all your transactions in there (assuming limited or no compelling reason to do otherwise)
@_date: 2017-07-09 06:51:24


On a single transaction basis, true.
The issue is over the course of a year, your transactions will count as income that is taxed, most likely.
To settle those taxes, you need to acquire some USD, even if all your everyday transactions are in BTC.
If you're already forced to live a life with some exposure to USD, it's easier to just do most or all of your business in it, unless you get a significant other benefit to justify using another currency.
@_date: 2017-06-21 06:19:00
But even "divisible" currencies tend to not be *that* divisible.  Even if you knew fractional BTC exists, you may assume it may be like physical currencies, where the smallest practical division is usually .01 or .001.
@_date: 2013-12-11 05:33:03
I'm thinking if you're teaching a class of eighth graders, they're definitely at an age where some of them will have deep, well-researched interests.  An open-ended prompt like this is a recipe for disaster.  You'll have the "reptile kid" explaining how you determine the gender of a snake, or the "gamer kid" explaining how to mod your PS3.  And the lazy kid will be saying "here's how you flush the toilet"
She should have asked for intended topics and pre-approved them if she intended to filter this way.
@_date: 2017-06-21 06:22:55
There are definitely brokerages which offer the service.  It's often presented in the context of "buy $100 worth of stock" rather than "buy 12 shares of stock".
