@_author: bourne-out
@_date: 2012-01-13 07:08:38
If you're not comfortable with MtGox, you can always try one of the other (smaller) exchanges.  There's bitcoinmarket.com, tradehill.com, cryptoxchange.com, and a couple of others.  The more exchanges there are, the better the network, because more competition fosters better quality and more trust.  The same is true of BTC mining pools; the more there are, the healthier the economy.  As painful experience has demonstrated, you don't want to have one site grow so large as to dominate the market. Mt. Gox is too big and too powerful to be trusted, so you spread your risk among different exchanges.  I've met one of the founders of TradeHill, and he's a real straight-shooter, honest and forthcoming about what's gong on in the BTC world.  He's taking an unbelievable risk in this venture, but he believes in the BTC concept and its potential to change the world.  I'd trust TradeHill over Mt. Gox any day, but YMMV.  Use your best judgment.
@_date: 2012-09-17 18:58:15
For a brief period, the Campaign for Liberty was accepting BTC donations to the Ron Paul for President effort, but that didn't last long when someone pointed out that FEC rules specify that only US$ could be used to support presidential campaigns and, because all donors to Federal Election campaigns MUST identify themselves by name (and identify their employer), "anonymous" donations of BTC could not be reported properly and would result in steep fines for the campaign treasury, so this was ended.  I assume, however, that some SuperPACs could get away with taking bitcoins, since they don't have to identify their donors.
@_date: 2012-07-19 00:10:30
This is a brilliant idea.  Good luck with the development.  I'll be very interested in following your progress and perhaps using the service.  Post the link here when you're ready to go live!
@_date: 2012-09-17 19:01:39
You are correct.  FEC rules prohibit foreign nationals from influencing U.S. elections with campaign donations (in pesos, euros, GBP pounds or yen), and since bitcoins cannot be traced, they cannot be accepted and reported properly.
@_date: 2012-07-19 00:00:30
The ArsTechnica comment pages are full of asshats who really don't know what the hell they're talking about.  Most of the people commenting either don't understand bitcoin, and dismiss it because they just can't grok what it means or how it's used.  I doubt any of them have bothered to read the BitcoinTalk forums to gain an understanding of the community.
@_date: 2011-11-02 16:13:20
I was using Slush's pool ( because I regularly saw much higher payouts than on Deepbit, but then both of them went down during a DDoS attack on 10/13.  Slush had to move his pool to a new hosting service in France when the UK Linode service told him the DDoS attack was killing their business.  Then Slush's pool went down again last week, came back briefly, but is now down hard for the past 24 hours.  My backup pool is Arsbitcoin, which has been reliable and stable for over 2 weeks.  Looking at bitpenny and p2pool now as alternatives in the event DDoS problems continue.  I think we need many more competing mining pools so the network isn't as vulnerable to mass DDoS storms.
@_date: 2013-12-18 01:08:17
Thanks AddyaC!  
Tiny Tim thanks you from the bottom of his little heart!
@_date: 2013-03-09 06:07:19
I have several wallets on different computers, all encrypted, and backed  up to a cloud storage service (as well as a USB flash drive).  Don't keep all your coins in one wallet.  Send some to your smartphone wallet if you expect to be spending them at a merchant that accepts BTC, so you can demonstrate to others how easy it is to use them.  Until more retail merchants adopt them, you'll probably be spending them on-line instead of in meatspace.  Move funds between wallets whenever necessary. You don't have to use the same address for every transaction, and you can even create a unique address for every one if you're so inclined.  Just be safe out there because you are the only one responsible for your own wallet(s).  With great power comes great responsibility, as they say...