@_author: bowlercaptain
@_date: 2014-03-28 07:01:45
@_date: 2014-03-28 07:07:12
You can't. You should move the coins from Coinbase to a wallet on your computer if you want control of them. As the topic mentioned, unless you personally control the wallet, the coins are nothing more than an IOU, so in all likelyhood, your Coinbase "wallet" probably doesn't strictly exist as such.
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:11:11
Certainly the market as an unimplemented contextless idea is completely neutral. Like many other systems (bitcoin included), in theory and used as they were originally intended, they have no ill effects. However, once implemented and handed to recently-evolved-from-cavemen humans, they look for other unintended uses of the system, namely speculation. Any time you have a situation where nothing of intrinsic value is being produced by the system and all involved are trying to extract value, you will end up with a free-for-all barfight between parasites. "Buy low! Sell high!" is a method of gambling, and the pot of chips everyone's trying to grab is slowly filled by the companies having their ownership being traded, in the case of the stock market, or miners and people intending to use digital currency as currency, as in the case of bitcoins. Fiat currency is backed by the authority of the government, bitcoin is backed by the security of the network, stocks are backed by the productivity of companies. None of these things rival, say, loaves of bread, which are backed by the human desire to continue living, in terms of inherent value. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 18:04:59
I don't see much of a problem at all reconciling those two statements, except that maybe english does not have a strong enough system of ownership of statements. Anyone investing might or might not believe that their investment is "sound" - it will make them money. A sound investment is an imbalancing event - it makes money flow in one direction - from customers to the company and to the investor. That would not cause problems if the system was disorganized - everyone bought a few products, made a few products, and was invested in a few companies, but that's not the structure. There exists a location where the majority of investing happens and by a few induviduals who do most of the investing, so money only flows towards them, and never flows away (in comparable quantities), creating an imbalanced system.
@_date: 2013-12-19 09:34:57
Yeah, okay. For most definitions of "valuable", stocks have value. On the other hand, for many connotations of "worthless", the Stock Market as it is understood in the culture is definitely worthless.
@_date: 2013-12-19 17:03:59
I'm totally comfortable with the idea that people buying stocks believe they're making a sound investment, much like people buying bitcoin hope ("believe" would be misunderstanding the system) that what they're doing is a sound use of their money. The problem is when people make investments in order to make money for themselves. Even if they're putting money into a company to jumpstart its productivity, what they're doing is jumpstarting that company's process of gathering money from the general public. There are all kinds of benefits to the company having initial capital, of course, but the investor does not actually do any work. The people in the company do all the creation of value, the investor just extracts it. It falls onto the "I Feed You All" argument - a farmer turns dirt, with no value (and seeds, but I'm simplifying) into basic materials, with inherent value. Craftsmen turn basic materials, with inherent value, into products, with more inherent value. Toolcrafters make tools for craftsmen, shippers move the products of craftsmen, and the whole process makes things with inherent value and gets them to people to satiate their physical needs. Entertainment has a similar system filling people's psychological needs. Everyone up to managers cause with pretty verifiably useful conversions of value. Beyond that, people whose job it is to turn money into more money, they may aid the speed of things in the short term, but in the long term society is not more fundamentally sound for them having acted in it.
Now that I think about it, there's a small hole in the idea using the word "inherent", because food is only valuable if we are given "people need to eat", but it's not terribly hard to count that as given, hopefully.
@_date: 2013-12-19 08:15:04
Okay: Hey US Stock market, you're worthless!
@_date: 2013-12-19 07:48:07
His argument against virtual commerce is that there are no salespeople. Yes, this may make virtual commerce slightly less energetic, won't that make it more responsible? Disregarding the fact that people have found all kinds of ways to entice people to buy, won't slightly restricting the tools they have available make people make better purchasing decisions?
Also, this article was written before I was born. Not long before, but nonetheless. That is insane.
@_date: 2013-11-28 12:34:54
I would say watch the graph. When this bubble pops and we stabilize at something, buy there. Sell at the next bubble (or, you know, use them as money as originally intended).
@_date: 2013-11-28 12:30:55
I believe we've agreed by this point to call them "three"s. Come on man, get with the times.