@_author: boxzonk
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:35:42
I'd like information on the problem in the reference wallet.
@_date: 2015-05-15 03:13:54
This is silly buddy. Online gambling is illegal in large portions of the world, including the most important jurisdiction in the world for bitcoin, the US. You can't just say "Online gambling is legal" as a general statement and expect that to fly.
@_date: 2015-05-14 22:06:19
Online gambling is not legal in the US.
@_date: 2015-05-15 02:59:35
You just made a blanket statement about how it's not illegal. The US is a very large jurisdiction and probably has more bitcoin users than anywhere else in the world. [It *is* illegal here at the federal level]( and by illegal I mean you'll get arrested and put in jail for it even though there may be some unsettled issues around the case law.
@_date: 2016-06-28 07:43:52
It's risky. Cash trades are risky. Tumblers are risky (and even the honest ones will usually skim ~1% of your coins as a fee), and often don't work well anyway. Going to buy your bitcoin in cash and entering fake information on transactions when that bitcoin is spent could be construed as money laundering, tax evasion, and/or fraud if the wrong people become aware of it. State regulatory bodies are becoming more interested in taxing bitcoin and its proceeds, and they'll be on the lookout for "suspicious" (read: anonymous) behavior like buying btc with cash instead of traceable bank accounts via exchanges.
@_date: 2016-06-28 15:13:30


Yes, cash is risky. If you have to "stop being a little bitch" to do something, then it's risky. Little bitches aren't afraid of things that aren't risky. I've sold coin for cash before, and it went fine -- but that doesn't mean it always will, especially as the buys get bigger and stakes get higher. It's certainly not as bad as buying drugs or something, because selling bitcoin is not illegal and it's not likely your local PD is going to get in your grill about the need for a money exchange license. But it's still a lot riskier than trading over a physical distance with more secure instruments.






Spoken like someone who has never had to deal with tech-related legal issues. It's not like prosecutors hear these arguments and say, "Oh, OK, you're right". They target btc users because they want a "cybercrime"/high-tech prosecution on their resume, and it's not easy to get them to let go of that.
Lawyers have no respect for anyone or anything except themselves. The strength of their argument has little to do with their willingness to prosecute (and furthermore, little to do with a jury's willingness to convict). If you're depending on a prosecutor to refrain from prosecuting something that's widely viewed as shady, suspicious, or weird, especially given bitcoin's link with illegal drug and arms trading in the public psyche, you're gonna get fucked over.
This obviously doesn't happen after every trade, but it's part of the risk profile involved with trading bitcoin in an untraceable way, giving out fake names, etc. It may not be enough to get you in heat *independently*, but once they're looking at you, they'll happily slap on these types of charges if they become aware of your btc activity.
@_date: 2016-06-28 07:39:38
It's difficult to do this correctly, even when you know what you're doing. Law enforcement bodies have a lot of resources to dedicate to hunting down your transactions if they're interested in them. Even better, a bitcoin user may make trades unaware that law enforcement either presently is or will shortly become interested and watching, and therefore may not take adequate measures to conceal their identities.