@_author: boylerroom
@_date: 2018-02-05 08:55:35
Stay tuned. They're aware of the confusion (which in some ways keeps guys like me in a job), and they've got more info coming.  Just make sure you're keeping good records for the time being.
@_date: 2018-02-04 23:55:05
Yeah, that's the age-old question.  The letter is essentially per transaction, but the spirit of the legislation regarding Personal Use Assets is supposed to suggest an overall amount.  The concept is designed for those people who buy a boat or a car or antique furniture, and then manage to sell it for more than they paid.  
The object of the exercise was never to make money, but they did.  The reason they owned it was for their personal leisure.  You don't own (as a general rule) 10 boats all under $10k, or 20 pieces of antique furniture.  
The other thing to consider is whether something is a set or not.  If you own an antique table and chairs, each item might be under $10k, but they go together as a set, and if they're worth more than $10k as a set, then they breach the $10k rule.
I believe crypto falls into this area.  Each different coin might be arguable, but say you only own Bitcoin, but you bought 10 lots of $10k parcels, to me that's owning $100k of BTC as a "set" and so goes beyond the scope of the Personal Use rules.
That said, there are a range of circumstances that come into play that should be considered.  Each person's situation will be different, and so the rules may apply in a different way.
@_date: 2018-02-05 10:23:49
They can.  Blockchain is public information.  Law enforcement agencies have already demonstrated that they're capable of tracing transactions through the blockchain, and the ATO have set themselves up a little "task force" for crypto traders. Don't be fooled. The ATO might not have every answer, but if you actively try to hide money from them, they'll find it and they'll throw the book at you.  If you genuinely try to do the right thing, they're pretty reasonable to deal with.  At least, that's been my experience working with them as an accountant.
@_date: 2018-02-05 09:32:07
Etherscan.io can assist with the wallet addresses, but if you know how much you put into a pre-sale you could always convert back to BTC and then AUD.  Also, if you're talking about trading, then a trade from 2014 wouldn't apply here, since it is outside the financial year in question. If you're buying and holding, then it does apply.  You know the pre-sale value, so that plus mining fees would form your cost base, along with any fees to convert back to AUD.
@_date: 2018-02-05 07:20:18
Some people are of mind that it should be fiat in, fiat out, and to a degree I think along similar lines, but I don't think the ATO necessarily agree.  It really depends on the situation.  If we're talking substantial sums, then each transaction should be converted to AUD (at least on paper), but if it's a very small amount then you might ignore it.
The other thing to consider is that often you need to buy altcoins with Bitcoin or Ethereum, so you have multiple transactions by default.  To me, they are expenses incurred in the transaction.  This is the case where I think "fiat in, fiat out" comes into play.
Does that help?
On the hard fork issues, generally this would be treated like a demerger in shares.  The acquisition cost would be the price it released at on hard fork.  Of course, there is no current guidance on this particular topic, so it's a case of wait and see... however, my understanding is that the ATO are preparing to release an updated guidance paper on cryptocurrency in the next few months, due April/May.
@_date: 2018-04-23 11:41:57
Right, but if we're in fiat now and then fiat no longer exists... the monetary value crypto has at the moment won't be the case then.  If crypto becomes the norm, and say Bitcoin becomes a currency "proper", it won't be measured the way it is now.  It'll become the new "dollar".
@_date: 2018-04-23 11:23:56
If you don't sell out of a position (sell = convert from that crypto to anything else), then there's no tax implication in that period.
If fiat disappears, then no crypto has a dollar value anyway.  It would be moot.
@_date: 2018-04-19 22:24:31
Thanks for the link.  We've been all over this one.  We've got pretty good ties with the ATO, so when these types of things are coming up, we usually know about them from the get-go.  Rest assured, many submissions have been made to try and simplify the process, but I'm not terribly hopeful that it will go the way some people are hoping.  I don't see the ATO letting go of their claim on crypto-crypto trades, for example.
@_date: 2018-04-23 10:51:16
If the intent was to make a gain, then you'll be treated as such for tax purposes.  If you bought into a crypto for the purpose of using it as a currency to purchase goods and services, provided you meet some other criteria, the gain would be disregarded (effectively tax free).
In your case above, it would depend a little on why you bought and why you swapped to then buy the "something".  If you bought say Litecoin to use as a currency for goods and services using something like LROS, and then traded into Reddcoin because something you wanted to buy only accepted Reddcoin, then bought that something.... well, that'd be fine.  If you bought it as a speculative investment hoping for a gain, then decided to convert some of it to buy something, then you'd be up for tax (either a gain or a loss).
