@_author: boyworld
@_date: 2015-08-26 01:32:25
In my review, I mentioned all the facts about using BTCJam, I even quoted your actual Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and any person can go to the website and verify this for themselves. 
However, you're free to comment on the rest of my review, but understand I have never defaulted on a loan, paid early, and have my bank account attached to your services. I simply comment on the disadvantages investors may have and the lack of creditworthy users, scammers and fraudsters on your site, your company's investor and borrower registration processes and how you do not provide borrowers’ eligibility for loans through a credit scoring process. How you deny or accept loans on your site is up to you, like your terms of services mentioned on your company can do anything they like, even if people are not up to their standards. I also talk about how BTCJam collects information about users and your service providers, because your users should know how data is shared through third party. 
How scammers can easily open an account and falsify information, and how you do not verify personally identifiable information through an authentication methods and you do not need to hide this information to your users. I do not see your company compliance with State and Federal Laws and how you do not display this in your website. Furthermore, I talked about identity theft and how you can benefit from ID theft policies and it wouldn't hurt posting this on your site. So you see, I made some valid points, even mentioned about the risk possibilities on your website, you should post the default rate for everyone to see.
I have the expertise to evaluate risks, and I think for the sake of investors and borrowers BTCJam should consider evaluating credit scores, debt to income ratio (DTI) if not yet done, the length of your credit history, and your recent credit activity. Not social sites, income and identity. You could see it is not enough credit validation, if you tell me you will grade loans based on all those factors then I would more than likely tell you to show me on your site this is being done already. BTCJam if borrowers default should make all collection efforts, instead investors agree they must go through a Net-Arb process and then even so you are the very high risk of Identity Theft, which leaves consumers and investors victimized by your website and strict measures you end up putting on honest borrowers. And investors are very likely loose not a portion but all assets.
I made some valid points here and my whole review is about your peer-to-peer marketplace, not your customer service.
@_date: 2015-08-21 03:27:44
Actually, I have a friend on bitcointalk that I invest through him, all his picks are phenomenal, there are pattens to looks for and as well past repayment history, communication, and even the country where the person is based. Personally, I have one late payee on BTCJam and my unique way of picking listings hasn't paid out yet., as well I feel like any contribution doesn't help, don't put all your eggs in one basket. Most importantly bitcoin lending comes with huge risks, I understand how some feel like identity theft users are a concern. In all rewards, if this was my platform I would compensate investors that get caught up in this dilema. 
But again if this was my platform I would go broke, a good security team and anti-fraud mechanism doesn't hurt. I do feel like they're doing all they can for right now, even if I'd my differences with BTCJam in the past. 
@_date: 2015-08-25 22:39:26
That statement made no sense and you have to excuse me, but neither of which you carefully mention applies to me. This is a review of your entire lending marketplace, and should be take it as such, I really do not need your apologies as your company only decided to terminate my account not for doing anything fraudulent as for the obvious reason which I cannot disclosed here and for which is not of any concern. 
If you want I can get all my investors present and former, and those in your site. And you cannot say it was due to manipulation ether, as all of the information submitted is truthfully and can be back by actual identifiable evidence. 
These are your company's actual Term of Use, and Privacy Policy, we both know this has nothing to do with my review. Personally, I would like others opinion. 
@_date: 2015-08-27 15:25:39
Nice that you said that, I actually started working with them, very simple service and Jumio ID verification makes it so much easier for lenders. Thanks!
@_date: 2015-09-16 05:16:08
Try their facebook, although that's when things went south for me :D, they probably hated the picture of me and my wife, jk btw. But try facebook or twitter, better customer service is always obtained through social networks in my opinion. 
@_date: 2015-09-16 05:13:29
Thanks for your honest review here, again not everyone would positively earn good returns on BTCJam. Glad to see you're  getting something in return.   