@_author: bp_968
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:24:30
That wasn't a law being passed though, it was a regulatory agency saying it overstepped it's bounds by regulating something it shouldn't have been regulating.  I agree.  The difference is I believe it *does* need regulated we just need to do it the right way and actually pass a law ironing out the how/when/why of regulating it.  Otherwise we the people have almost no say in the process (other then the occasional request for comment period, and you saw how well that works right?). 
(This isnt directed at you btw) So instead of complaining about evil trump/etc people/media need to push all the worthless idiots in the house/senate to author and pass a bill to enshrine those net neutrality regulations as actual law.
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:56:41
I wasn't actually commenting on the crypto aspect of the thread just the net neutrality statement.  Your probably right, at least from a mainstream level of adoption.  Even if all governments go anti-crypto we would still see various forms of it being used as an underground currency in the future.  I also like to point out that the world isn't all a single entity.  There is plenty of opportunity for one government to ban cryptos and another one fully embrace them.  
I'll be really interested to see how it all plays out.  The government's ability to control it's currency gives them a significant amount of power which I'm not sure is bad for us lowly civilians all of the time.  China and the USA have both managed to control their currency in a way that strongly benefits them.  Countries who don't have control over their currency *and* run a large debt seem to be having serious problems now (Greece, etc).  I guess the big question is, would a crypto based currency stop them from over spending and if it did would it be a positive or a negative for the citizens?  A currency that doesn't lose value or even climbs in value helps the savers and the better off, while government spending tends to help the poorest and those who don't or can't save or invest.  I guess the question is, can you play the debt game forever?  If so you could help the poorest and continue to grow the country.  If you can't, if it eventually gets "called in" and causes things to collapse then maybe it's better to remove control of currency from the government?
Anyway, I'm rambling.  Regardless, crypto is going to be an exciting area to watch for the next few years at the least.
@_date: 2018-03-13 00:03:11
Actually many things have gone way down in price.  The average American spends vastly less on feeding themselves now then they did 30+ years ago  (and we are clearly not starving from I'm seeing).  And then you have electronics. I remember 25 years ago seeing a mobile phone in my dad's coworkers truck.  It cost 3-4$ a minute and many thousands of dollars to purchase.  We bought a 386 at Sam's Club for 1800$ (or thereabouts).  Now you can get a similar entry to mid level PC for 300-500$ or a nice laptop for 800-1000$.  Same for big screen TVs.  I remember when a large screen TV cost 4000+ and now I see them at 300$.
One thing I feel like that *has* gone up based on a percentage of your income would be a car.  I haven't done the research or math though so it could simply be my "gut" being flat wrong, but it just feels like buying a new modern car takes a bigger chunk of your income then it used too.