@_author: bradfordmaster
@_date: 2017-12-10 23:41:48
I'm just coming across this now, but I'd be very careful with like-kind. I thought the same thing, but today I've been reading some case history and I don't think it'll hold up. Some examples:
* Trading gold bullion for silver bullion was ruled _not_ like-kind
* Trading gold bullion (hunks of gold) for gold coins (with art, dates, and "rarity") was _not_ like-kind
* Trading gold bullion from one country for gold bullion in another _was_ like-kind
Search for "Sec. 1031 rulings involving coins and bullion" [here](
It seems like the whole like-kind thing is largely a loophole designed for corporate real-estate
@_date: 2015-06-10 16:24:02
Are you not concerned about loosing your phone, having it stolen, or damaging it somehow that you can't get the coins off? To me that is a much more realistic risk than hacking my computer and cracking my password or having some online wallet (like blockchain.info or even coinbase) go rouge and steal my coins
@_date: 2014-03-21 23:20:56
I'm sure I wasn't the only one curious:
So far there are two transactions, and neither of them look like a client paying for services
@_date: 2014-12-08 20:52:22
Wow, OK I stand corrected. The article didn't make that clear at all
@_date: 2014-12-08 08:11:41
To be fair, I don't think they meant she is the CEO of bitcoin, they just worded the title very poorly. She was the CEO of a bitcoin company, a "bitcoin CEO". IF anything, they over-estimated that people would understand this.
The problem is all the re-tweeters and other people who don't do their research and gather facts based on a news headline without reading the article.
@_date: 2015-05-27 07:47:10
I'm starting to see your side of this, but the bank isn't (EDIT: accidentally wrote "is") doing *nothing*. They take the money they hold, they find people to loan it to, grade them for a loan, make the loan to them, collect debts, etc. All of that is a service that allows people who put their money in banks to make interest. Granted the banks take the lions share of the interest, but they are also accepting the risk (they, or if they default, the government, is required to pay back the money I put in)
Although with services like LendingClub it seems like that might not be useful anymore. I could see having all of my money in cash, bitcoin, stocks, and LendingClub, and none of it in the bank.
On the other hand, in a world without fractional lending, people might hoard their money instead of spending it in ways that could bolster the economy (or allowing it to be leant to someone else that would spend it).
@_date: 2015-05-27 06:29:14
And? If that money can buy me a house to live in, it exists to me.
Money itself is taking something with no intrinsic value and saying it's worth something.
@_date: 2014-03-22 04:21:54
Interesting. I just assumed since it was a nice round number of BTC that it was a test transfer or something. I would have guessed that they would charge an amount in USD, which would end up being a not-so-nice number of BTC
@_date: 2015-05-27 06:47:29
I agree that this often does happen, but I think its a flaw in the institutions, not a flaw in the concept itself. The banks are/were giving people loans they can't afford for things they don't need. But even in a credit union, or some democratized version of a bank, I think fractional lending is an incredibly useful concept.
The only argument I can think of is that in increases the culture of debt we have, where people tend to constantly owe for things they already "bought" instead of paying for things with their own money. But again, this is a mistake of the borrower, not necessarily the lender. I think the lenders shouldn't be allowed to misrepresent or encourage certain things that are harmful, but overall I think we need to educate people to make responsible financial decisions.
And I expected downvotes, but was hoping to get a discussion going, so thanks for the edit.
@_date: 2015-05-07 19:17:56
I agree that it is up there, but I'd like to put in a vote for the credit card. I know loans and debts are nothing new, but a tiny piece of plastic that anyone can get and buy things with that they don't have to pay for is a *huge* (and IMHO, terrible) financial innovation.
Its the combination of the plastic credit card with the idea of a continually renewing loan with "minimum payments" that are absurdly low.
@_date: 2015-05-02 18:09:00
For good reason. How many people know how to sign messages? How many popular wallets support it? I agree it's be a nice optional feature for advanced users, but we need to appeal to the masses, bitcoin is already brief as too complicated
@_date: 2015-05-27 06:03:41
changemyview: I'm not so convinced that fractional lending is necessarily bad. It encourages spending, which is sometimes important for the economy, and I'm happy to allow it in return for an interest rate (in the days when banks gave decent interest rates, at least).
Sure banks can do a terrible job of this, and we need things like FDIC insurance and regulations to avoid that, which are always messy, but I'm not convinced that its better for my bitcoins to just sit untouched when they could be earning interest, especially in a possible future where the value is more stable
@_date: 2015-05-02 18:18:34
Yeah, I think you'd really have to sign from a withdrawal address, and maybe they could limit the withdrawals to a small amount until you sign? Do any exchanges implement this feature?
@_date: 2015-05-27 07:21:23
Hmmm, that's an interesting perspective. If anyone can get a loan, but only some people earn the money, those people are effectively earning less money.
Still, not completely convinced this is a bad thing, as people who aren't earning can theoretically take out a loan to improve their life and become money earners. Also, those earners are the ones earning the interest if their money is in the bank, although I suppose the bank is taking the lions share of that interest.
@_date: 2015-05-02 08:13:42
So I agree this is frustrating, but totally not surprising. Let me ask you a question: given that you understand the bitcoin protocol, do you want to spend the whole day doing phone and email customer service for people that are furious because they bought at a bad time, or are idiots and locked themselves out of their accounts? No?
Customer service for a company like this is expensive and hard to coordinate. I'm sure there is someone they can "escalate" your claim to who would understand what you're talking about, but when 90% of the emails are probably about some trivial issue, it doesn't make sense to pay someone so experienced when you can farm it out for cheap. I don't know how bit Cryptsy is, but based on other start-ups I've seen, they probably have one or two full-time employees for supporting harder issues, and the rest, including most of the "first contact" is farmed out to a 3rd party (looks like Freshdesk, although that might just be the software). The dedicated employees would hopefully understand what you were talking about, and if they didn't, they'd at least know to take it to an engineer or someone who does know what it is. But you didn't talk to them, you talked to the first-contact person, who is likely part-time and on a short-term contract. So now you've got some guy who went through like an hour of training and never heard of bitcoin before that seeing you mention 2FA.
Also, you really didn't make it clear what you wanted in the email. You said "something happened." Do you want them to confirm an outstanding order? Is it missing? Reading your email I'm really not sure what you're asking for myself.
Ideally companies like this would do a better job training their customer service people, but I wouldn't assume the whole company is bogus just because of this interaction.
@_date: 2017-08-04 15:29:01
Yeah, I mean, take an open source project, have it's only charismatic leaders leave the project, and make the network it runs worth $40 billion dollars, remove all regulation, mix in some corporate conflicts of interest.... this is pretty much what you get. 
@_date: 2018-06-04 03:11:36
Oh, meaning file level encryption or something? You'd lose pretty much every feature of GitHub except the raw hosting, so that doesn't seem like a great option to me but I suppose it's possible. I'd really doubt many people use GitHub that way though. I suppose you could use thier access control / accounts so maybe it's not completely useless
@_date: 2018-06-04 02:25:01
I don't really understand what you're saying. If this sale goes through, are you trying to say that via some magic, there won't be a Microsoft employee that can look at the code in a private repo? Are you suggesting that somehow features like code search are implemented client-side?
@_date: 2016-12-10 22:16:16
You are right about the max, but his original point is still valid. Currently, there is almost no space between the _average_ block size and the limit, so the limit is getting tripped all the time by the normal flow of traffic, whereas in the past, it functioned more properly to limit a huge temporary spike of transactions (spam or otherwise). (Small tangent: median blocksize might actually be more useful here, or 95th percentile to define more of "this is what a normal block might look like").
@_date: 2018-06-04 02:11:18
Doesn't really matter, they obviously still hold the keys, otherwise they wouldn't be able to provide tools like code search and trends for private repos. Not saying MS is going to do anything shady, but as someone who has private repos hosted there, it being owned by MS gives me _much_ more concern than a private company focused solely on github. E.g. I'd be kind of surprised if MS didn't run tools to search the code for IP / patent violations.
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:16:45
Oh I see exactly what you mean, I think your downvoters misunderstood. It read to me like you were saying that the miners vote wasn't what counts, which didn't make sense. Instead, you're saying that the way they are voting, by setting a bit somewhere, isn't necessarily an honest vote, because they may have incentive to lie / change their minds later on?
Won't the market "solve" this issue though? After the "vote", if the 75% passes, presumably at least some miners will support &gt; 1MB blocks (unless they all lie, which I suppose is possible, but seems unlikely). So at the point, someone will eventually submit such a block, and a hard fork will happen, and the values of the two forks will change. Or do you think there will be some kind of Mexican standoff where no one wants to be the first to submit the block and cause the fork?
@_date: 2015-08-01 18:50:18
Thanks for sharing all of this. Do you think his plan was just "oh, surely we'll find investors, and then I'll use their investment money to cover these expenses that I've extorted from our users"?
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:02:33
Honest question: then what is voting? How would you arrange a fair "vote" on this issue, if not to use the actual blockchain for it
@_date: 2017-04-08 23:02:26
In both places you unfortunately have to sift through a lot of garbage to find any good discussion. I have often been able to conduct reasonable conversations in as long as I ignore the inflammatory comments. Same here on I think we all need to put a stop to this "us vs. them" mentality, mud throwing, and name calling that goes on between the subs. There are more important issues to discuss
@_date: 2017-04-27 06:47:32
Yeah, as usual, the us vs. them politics has this bullshit linked in with all of the rest of the debate around BU. Even though I mostly support BU (although I'm a bit on the fence), I would _never_ support anyone using dirty tricks like this to force my view on other miners
@_date: 2015-04-09 02:02:41
But the cost of a double spend is related to hash difficulty, not btc price, so as long as hashing is profitable and hard, a double spend is hard, right? 
Low btc price would just require higher tx fees. Unless I'm missing something. It makes sense that high value tx us riskier with low market cap, but I'm not sure it's a given. 
@_date: 2015-04-09 06:01:01
But that's the point of TX fees. Eventually there will be no rewards and just tx fees. 
What I'm saying is that if the value per btc were too low (and thus the mining reward not very valuable) , the market would work itself out so only transactions with higher fees were accepted. 
Obviously none of this is ideal, but I'm just saying that I see no reason the network can't operate with significantly lower value btc. 
@_date: 2015-04-08 18:07:31
Fair point. I haven't been following this super closely lately, but couldn't we still use colored coins and other tech based on btc transactions regardless of the price of btc? 
@_date: 2015-04-09 15:36:47
Yep that's the answer, cool, makes sense. 
@_date: 2015-04-04 19:39:47
This is interesting, but I don't think the community has enough knowledge of managing a software project to know how to prioritize say, refactoring core code, wiring unit tests, or adding some interface  to allow a new feature. 
You shouldn't have to understand those tradeoffs to donate. 
I like the idea of maybe half the money you donate going to a specific feature, and the rest going to a fund that the core devs get to vote on how it is spent. This does create a partial foundation, but it's a foundation of people who best know the code and what needs to be done to maintain it, while giving the larger community power over larger feature directions. 
@_date: 2015-09-10 03:50:41
I think this is true for this specific address, but I think this is dangerous reasoning in general. The logic is "this address is so special, chances are no one has it", but how many addresses are that special? Humans are amazing pattern-recognizers, so it would be easy to extend this too far with too many patterns and eventually someone will have already generated the key.
Another way to say what I'm saying: owning this wallet is exactly as likely as owning any other specific wallet. People do own wallets that seem unusual (e.g. due to VanityGen), so its really not that safe to say "this address is unusual, its likely a burner", unless you have a bounded set of "unusual" things.
@_date: 2018-04-03 06:16:17
Yes, it turns out there are ignoramuses in both subs, surprise!
@_date: 2015-04-08 17:05:04
It may never succeed as an investment in that case, but it can still be revolutionary for transactions and other uses, as long as mining stays profitable, which it should unless there's a really huge crash. 
I used to be super optimistic about the price going up, but now I'm just optimistic about the technology catching on, but no longer convinced that this necessarily correlates to price 
@_date: 2016-05-05 20:59:14




I agree with you, but I really don't like this line of thinking. We know very little about the real "Satoshi" (if there even is a single such person). He wrote a paper, wrote some code, and didn't have an identity. We know nothing of his character aside from what is essentially technical communication, he (or she or they) might be a real bastard for all we know, it doesn't diminish the contribution that is bitcoin, but it also doesn't make sense to say things like "this guy doesn't seem like satoshi" unless you are talking about specific views on bitcoin that contradict his earlier statements, or perhaps his style of speech.
@_date: 2015-02-11 17:59:31
I have only one recommendation : whatever you decide on, *test it out*.  I tried to do something similar and read tons of great seeming backup solutions on here, but even for me, it was incredibly hard to actually restore from backup. 
If you pass, the last thing anyone in your family will want to do is set up a full bitcoin node and try to import your wallet.dat. 
This was before the days of Bip38 really becoming adopted, but I wound up exporting my key in Wallet Import Format, and writing instructions on how to import into a blockchain.info wallet, then storing all of that on an encrypted USB drive. 
I barely even had any money in BBC, I mostly did it as a learning experience. 
@_date: 2017-06-12 20:41:42


I think that's an understatement. I spent a good 20 minutes trying to report a bug in the mobile app to them and gave up and just posted a 1 star review bitching about it because I couldn't get in touch with anyone. Luckily I didn't actually lose any money from this bug, it just created a horrible experience.
The main reason I stay with Coinbase is that they are a reputable US based company who have mostly earned my trust over the years, but I think they are really struggling to scale all around