@_author: brainstormid
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:57:47
That's no problem. My theory was correct - that's the good(?) news. Your color inks are dye based, and your black ink is pigment based. The bad news is that this shouldn't be affecting you on the IJ1000WP. Both dye and pigment inks should respond similarly on it.
When you print, does the black ink dry properly/look correct?
How long did you wait after printing before testing it's water resistance? How did you test?
I'm afraid to say that it is sounding like you may need to use a different printer, or switch to the TS grade of Teslin. The problem with the SP/TS grade is that the dye based color inks are not going to look as good on it (they may bleed some or be dull in appearance).
This is a strange issue, we haven't had any other reports of pigment inks causing any issues on IJ1000WP. Having said that, most of our customers are also laminating the Teslin (since they are making ID cards), so they likely do not get around to testing water resistance before laminating.
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:13:09
Hey there. This is Jon with Brainstorm ID. We've had a few customers come to us that print BitCoin wallets on Teslin.
I'm going to try to remember to check this thread, but in-case I don't, just send an email using the form on our website and we can try to help.
Let me know:
Printer Brand and Model, and if you know it - the type of kind of Ink. If I had to guess right now I'd guess that you have dye based colored ink, and pigment based black ink.
Which Teslin grade are you using?
Did you order it from us? (I plan to assist no matter, but I can be more sure that the grade you purchased is the actual grade you received if it was bought from us.)
I would recommend laminating as well. It will make it in to a nice card which will really withstand a lot of abuse.
@_date: 2017-12-18 20:06:27
That's correct, TS Teslin with B&amp;W should produce good results with the printer you have (black pigment ink).
We haven't done our own independent water tests in some time. I believe we only ever tested with dye based inks on the non-laminated Teslin though too. 
I'd really encourage you to laminate. Then you can use the Teslin you have now (no need to buy something else). Depending on the fit and finish you're looking for, you could use a locally acquired laminator and pouches. If you're looking for a bit more professional look you would probably want to go with perforated Teslin and butterfly pouches. 
And if you wanted an even more professional look, I'd recommend our full sheet laminates and die cutter. This would increase your initial investment though.
If you're just making these for yourself, you can probably get away with the least costly method. If you're planning to sell/distribute them, you may want to invest a bit more.