@_author: braintaxes
@_date: 2018-01-05 22:04:46
Didn't mention inherent value in my comment and didn't imply anything about USD or any crypto having or not having 'inherent value'. We agree on your definition of 'Value is what we attach to things'. No dispute here. 
Think we likely disagree on USD being 'relatively stable'.... That is certainly up for debate given its loss in relative value / purchasing power over time. It's also worth mentioning that the 'wild fluctuations in crypto' are only 'wild' in relation to FIAT. 1 Eth is always worth 1 Eth.
It's relative value versus a depreciating measure of value like the USD with unlimited (and fast growing!) supply is just as arbitrary / daft as comparing it to BTC IMHO....I think you could even go as far as saying comparing it to something with a fixed supply is actually a better marker than something with a seemingly unlimited supply. 
Is it just that people are more comfortable with FIAT, that they have a better 'understanding of its value' due to familiarity? Daily use would make you feel like you really knew the worth of something....even when it's value is being ripped from under you with the issuance of credit.
I'm not sure things are as black and white as you see them. This is more an interesting thought experiment than something with a definitive answer.
To summarise then: 
You say - 'using BTC as if it were a stable marker of value is beyond absurd'. 
My point is - 'Using the USD as if it were a stable marker of value is equally absurd'. 
As you say....'Value is what we attach to things'. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 22:18:36
Hey I'm just happy to have an interesting chat on social media without any mudslinging &amp; vitriol. Rare in crypto these days. 
Happy hodling gents. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 21:21:57
I would argue it's worth relative to the inflationary, increasingly worthless USD is arbitrary. Think about it... He does have a point. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:51:07
Came here to also give credit to a great choice in email client. 
@_date: 2017-03-13 08:10:29
That could have fed a lot of people today. 85 views so far though so ya kno....
@_date: 2017-11-23 14:11:13
Yeah that's pretty much it in a nutshell...as a broad overview. Solving the double spend problem without an intermediary or gate-keeper is one of the things that makes this technology so revolutionary. It solves a problem that has never been solved before. It is often referred to in programming circles as the 'Two Generals Problem'. 
See: 
Now what is remarkable is that the original Bitcoin white paper is the first time this fundamental issue has ever been successfully solved. That feat in its own right is remarkable! A genuine stroke of genius! It has also been proven to work over the years that Bitcoin has been live.
 It's important to understand that this is true innovation and in many ways a paradigm shift in how computer networks can be built (hence the hype and furore over 'blockchain tech') it has multiple applications and will disrupt many industries. 
Now I agree with you that people should NEVER invest in something they don't understand - that way madness lies. As a person very interested in the tech it does pain me to see that most people only discuss price, but I guess that's just the world we live in. The memes and they hype are very tiring and do worry me. We can agree on that. 
I have enjoyed this back and forth, it became interesting! Do you think though that these points would then be fair:
- You don't 'fully' understand Bitcoin but have cursory knowledge. Not because you are unintelligent but because you devote your time elsewhere (Forex etc). Only so many hours in the day....
- If the above is true would you also then accept that perhaps the people who you say don't understand Forex because they are 'unintelligent' may simply be in the same boat as you? That they may have a cursory understanding but devote their limited time elsewhere? 
You probably know from my post history that I'm a lurker more than a poster. Congrats for making me bite haha! I just had to say something as I thought that declaring people unintelligent as they have different interests is a bit much. I also don't agree that anyone should deride pleasure from other people being 'burnt'. 
Personally I haven't been burnt and have done very well so those blanket statements irked me. I sincerely hope you've done equally well with your passion in Forex. Perhaps the best thing to do is to wish everyone the best of luck regardless of their position and interest? 
Conversations like this are interesting, so thanks for that! Best of luck to you! 
@_date: 2017-11-23 01:02:25
I'd be interested to know if you could succinctly explain how Bitcoin works in your own words. Are you intelligent enough to understand it?
I'd be very eager to see if you can explain it in a reasonable enough fashion by way of a reply.
If you aren't able to accurately explain it would it be a fair comment to state "you hate Bitcoin because you are not intelligent enough to understand it"?
Regardless of where you think Bitcoin's story will end you surely appreciate that some of the brightest minds in programming and cryptography are working in this space. Are they ALL unintelligent? This almost certainly cannot be true. 
If (and personally I think that's a big IF) you can accurately explain how it works then I will concede a shred of credence to your otherwise pompous, arrogant and needlessly antagonistic post. Answers on a postcard please....
@_date: 2017-11-23 18:37:46
Yeah man. I totally get it. Most people on the crypto subs haven't really done their homework, I'll give you that. I'd also agree that you seem to know more than a lot of people I know who put money in. Totally agree that those people should not be investing in anything with the mentality they have. 
Also agree that there are a lot of people who now consider themselves 'investment gurus' or 'traders' (LOL) because they bought some bitcoin and the price went up. Gloating and deriding more traditional investment vehicles because you made a quick buck is just ridiculous. 
I know why they do it.... It's because Bitcoin was designed to disrupt traditional banking and finance (something I completely advocate) and they see this as a 'fight' and that people interested in anything other than BTC are 'dinosaurs' that don't understand how BTC will 'destroy' traditional finance. Whilst I do beleive that on a long enough timeline Bitcoin (or something similar, who knows) will completely change the game I don't really understand why them throwing shit at people on Reddit really benefits anybody. Just seems childish. I'm an advocate for useful debate, not dick measuring contests. 
Anyhow, nice to chat briefly. No holiday for me - I'm in Scotland, so it's just fucking cold but Christmas on its way. I assume you're in the US so have a great thanks giving! 
Oh and if you haven't dipped your toe into Bitcoin yet, may I suggest it's certainly worth a look? Besides... A diversified portfolio is always a good idea right? ;) Have a good one!
@_date: 2017-11-23 01:20:53
Pleasantly surprised I got a response to this. Kudos. Credit where it's due.. that's a reasonable overview of A) WHAT bitcoin is and B) The drivers behind WHY Bitcoin was created. I do have to say however that I don't think it satisfies me enough to the point I beleive you understand in true depth how it actually works. 
Perhaps my fault... I could be more specific in finding a way that would satisfy my desire to know if you do understand it to a reasonable depth. 
Would you be able to take the time to answer this:
"How does Bitcoin solve the 'double spending problem' without the need for a financial intermediary?" 
It wouldn't be fully conclusive of course but I think satisfying enough that you've applied adequate effort into understanding how the technology actually works and why it is so innovative. Then of course I can relinquish that aforementioned credence. 
@_date: 2017-10-20 09:36:29
A provider would have to create a platform or market place for the buyers / sellers to meet of course. I do think though that for the model to work that some trust could be built into the solution. Just leaving it as the 'user's problem' would likely lead to a less than wonderful user experience.
My thoughts for a solution would be along the lines of letting buyers and sellers conclude their own deals on the platform but at the same time the platform offering some sort of mediation in the event that the parties disagree. 
Could do this by using (m of n) transactions. These transactions require 2 of 3 parties to sign a transaction for it to be processed. So... In an ideal world the buyer and seller concludes their transaction and all goes smoothly... They provide two of the three signatures for the transaction themselves and the platform need not mediate. 
In the event that their is a dispute between parties the funds would be locked in this digital escrow as the transaction cannot get the two sigs required. In this event the platform can act as a referee, decide who is right and wrong etc and provide the needed second sig to send the funds to the correct party. 
All of the top of my head so might not be totally feasible but interesting nonetheless. 
TLDR: the solution is probably m of n transactions. 