@_author: brandon658
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:10:16
I'm late to the game too. Sure it would have been nice to have bought/mined down when the coin was dirt cheap to reap the 16k+ increase rewards. Who's to say it won't do that again. These people you read about being millionaires now didn't have it happen over night. They bought into an uncertainty and just stuck it out for the last 5+ years. This wasn't an over night thing. Look at Google. Not long ago it wasn't worth a whole lot. Some 150-300 from 2005-2010. By 2015 it was in the 500 range only to rise up to 1k in current time.
So here I am now $25 at 9.8k to dip my feet then $200 at 12k up $75. I'm not expecting to get rich. I'll continue to buy when I have the spare money. But if I can make a few hundred or thousand for putting some money up on the shelf that I would have pissed away on beer, resturaunts, and other means then I'm all game.
Patience is a virtue. If you really want to play the game understand you won't always win overnight. So to your question. Is it worth it to buy .01? Yes. Because you can always buy more. And those added sums can all grow in time. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 06:41:39
My credit card is instant. Though I have a $750 daily limit. Just just buy some and pay off right away as if it was a debit card. Doing it this way also earns me some cash back on my credit card. 
Just be responsible and don't pay more than you can afford so you can pay off before interest hits on the card. (I'm not condoning buying on credit/loans that you cant instantly pay off. Just mentioning a faster transaction method that earns you some additional money back.)
@_date: 2017-12-01 06:12:20
I'm no expert on finances and still learning. A lot of people are giving you crap about the rolex and I understand. IMO it isn't a terrible buy on your part since you can resell it and get as much or more. You could have done way worse with ease. (Just an assumption. I know nothing of watches, if you got a good deal, how well the sell, and if their price goes up or down.) I would avoid wearing it a lot or at all. Maybe save for special events just so you limit the chance of any damage it could get or worse break it.
That said be ever on the look out to improve your investments. Just a few years down the road having a couple grand or more will immensely help you in buying a house, car, and keeping your dept to income ratio down. Makes getting loans easier along with paying them off quicker so you waste less on interest. 
Open a credit card when you can. You don't need to use it for anything more than a replacement to a debit card and this will build your credit score making said loans above even easier to get. If you've got some extra money hanging around maybe look into putting some of it into long term stock. 
But so far it sounds like you've set yourself up pretty well early in your life. Avoid the temptation to splurge it all away on things that will have no return later on. You've got plenty of years ahead to gain disposable income to get those kind of things. 
Also be aware you are going to have to file this income from bitcoin in your taxes this year so save money for that.
@_date: 2019-01-06 07:05:17
Depends how much you are taking out. If you are moving a small sum like $100 or less worth it isn't that bad. (Maybe a bit more than 100. Not going hard on math here.) 
There are plenty of ATMs that charge $5 USD, or more, to take out money. On $100 for a $5 fee that's 5%. If you are just snagging a 20 out that's 25% since it doesn't scale based on amount. Then depending on ATM used your bank may charge you an additional sum. 
@_date: 2019-01-21 19:32:24
Was just watching the wife play some ruby red. Her Charizard was paralyzed and she kept commanding it to attack. Poor thing was just twitching there helpless for 5 turns as it was also getting beat up. She swaps to a gloom to finish the enemy off. 
Out comes Kengaskahn and glooms attacks did nothing. She swapped to a pickachu who immediately ate a mega punch to the face and fainted. So back to charizard, still suffering from para, and managed to beat the enemy a few turns later. 