@_author: brandinian
@_date: 2017-12-01 01:41:08
I'd just like to state that while I hope that far more people are introduced to Bitcoin tonight, I will forever hate this fucking show because my ex-girlfriend left me for one of its executive producers last year. I hope everyone enjoys watching that massive pile of wilting garbage. 
I'm definitely not bitter.
@_date: 2017-12-01 01:45:00
I will try to remember that and not fixate on the fact that the only thing going around right now is her going around the world on a private jet.
But hey, I have .02 BTC, so I've got that going for me, which is nice. ;)
@_date: 2017-12-01 01:37:43
This is such a phenomenal idea. I love it. Not only is the sentiment wonderful, but this could potential help create more positive buzz for Bitcoin.
I would love to see Bitcoin used to invest in artistry. I think one of the turn-offs for many people is that they are concerned about either not understanding or being intimidated by the "tech" surrounding cryptocurrencies. Generally, I find that a lot of people who are struggling artists tend to be more inept when it comes to technology.
I run a new theatre company in Los Angeles where we produce original dark comedies. We have such talented and enthusiastic people, but unfortunately the funding just isn't there to be able to produce the amount of work that we'd like. Similarly, I know  of so many ridiculously great writers, actors, musicians, etc. that are all chomping at the bits to be able to get their work out into the world and feel like they have a voice, but they can't because of the financial aspects.
I am not suggesting that you donate bitcoin to our company. Considering the cost of theatre rental and budget requirements, I'm doubtful that we even have enough money to put on another show that isn't done on a shoe-string budget. However, I would love to see this coin donated to any sort of arts program that directly empowers and enables people to be able to get their voices heard. This coin could be used to give people real opportunities to make their dream work into actual tangible reality. I've busted my ass for years trying to balance a full time job with my passion, and it's extraordinarily difficult. You want to continuously give up, but you know that you can't. You're penniless, miserable, and stealing peanut butter and jelly sandwiches from work because you cannot afford to eat and are hoping that you can make enough money selling your art to be able to even *attempt* a chance at some sort of big break. It's a really difficult life, but the alternative of living without art is worse. Because then you constantly feel like you're missing a part of you.
This coin can help see realized works. Media is such a powerful tool. It moves. It inspires. It spreads ideas like wildfire and bridges race, gender, sexual, and cultural barriers. I would love to see Bitcoin become a positive force for helping struggling storytellers. I would love to see it used as a tool for joining together technology with art. But most importantly, I would love to see it build something. Create something. To see it prove that Bitcoin isn't just imaginary money- it is something extraordinary and beautiful that can be used to create extraordinarily beautiful things.
If anyone has any suggestions for which sort of organization this would best suit, please leave them! Maybe something like the Jonathan Larson grant of the American Theatre Wing? Or possibly the Lab Theatre (founded by folks like Philip Seymour Hoffman, Sam Rockwell, and John Ortiz). 
Either way, wonderful and extremely generous idea.
@_date: 2017-12-01 01:50:33
Yeah, I'm just kidding. If I were a candy I'd be dark chocolate because I'm bitter as fuck. 
*Edit: Don't know who downvoted you. This person is clearly correct. I do sound bitter.
@_date: 2017-12-01 02:16:06
But you know what isn't overrated? Your cakeday! HAPPY CAKEDAY!