@_author: brawldud
@_date: 2015-06-18 19:58:00
An important thing: the falling prices of computers have little to do with the value of the U.S. dollar and more about the fact that the cost of production falls very quickly for advanced computer technologies, which is not necessarily true in other industries. The idea here is that companies *can* lower their prices while still being tidily profitable, and due to a mix of economic sense and competitive forces, do lower prices.
In a deflationary situation, businesses are forced to lower their prices, even if the cost of production is not changing as much. So you might have to sell a phone that cost $100 to make (factoring in costs like labor, R&amp;D, and shipping) for $95 simply due to currency fluctuations. This probably is not as big a problem for high-margin industries (esp. luxury goods) but it can get iffy for cheap goods which depend on low margin/high volume and where even small decreases in their products' margins can hit their bank accounts pretty hard. 
@_date: 2014-10-27 03:42:16
There's no Democrat running in the election, he's running against an entrenched Republican, and his website is pretty well designed. There are a few things going for him, even if he is a little bit neckbeardy.
@_date: 2016-12-21 01:18:35
Serious question: let's say I believe Donald trump, who made a claim with zero evidence of any illegitimate voting, and who refuses to support a recount despite the fact that it would help show if there were any illegitimate votes. 
Why would she ever do it in California??? Why the hell would she try to rig a vote in California??? That state is a guaranteed win for Democrats. 
@_date: 2015-02-15 17:14:34


Not doubting you, but care to say which country? Hyperinflation happens for a ton of different reasons. 
Saying it's better to live under stagnation than hyperinflation is a given, but also makes the fallacious assumption that inflation = hyperinflation. The Fed sets goals for inflation, about 3% per year, but it can't FORCE that inflationary goal to happen. 
You haven't addressed my main argument about the inequality gap. People with more access to liquidity (ie rich people) stand to profit far more from deflation than your average Joe with $50 in his bank account living paycheck to paycheck who is seeing his wages weaken thanks to deflation. 


Why? What investments?
In economics there are so many ways things can go wrong that asking "why not" is absolutely the wrong way to go about it. 
@_date: 2015-02-14 00:01:36
Inflationary - I can make more money investing in a healthy inflationary economy than I can leaving it under my mattress in a deflationary economy.
@_date: 2015-02-14 00:43:43
There is no such thing as a healthy inflationary economy? Give me a break.
Virtually *any* economy will have booms and recessions. An economy where the value of money is increasing will inevitably see a decrease in circulation and thus in economic output. There is a reason why every developed nation goes to great lengths to prevent deflation.
@_date: 2015-02-14 00:44:06
At least there's some chance of an inflationary economy being healthy in the first place. 
@_date: 2015-02-14 14:28:11
An economy is reliant on people actually spending their money - because your $5 meatball sub pays for the wages of the people making it, the people managing it, the owners, etc. and they go and spend it somewhere else, whose employees spend to somewhere else, on and on. The same $5 bill over time buys a a ton of things for a ton of different people, but only when they are spending it.
So you need a little bit of inflation - but not too much - because you don't want people tossing their money under the mattress. When the value of money is falling, people will not just sit around with it - they will invest or spend it, both of which are better for circulation and thus the economy. When everyone is spending money, their wages are going up and their standard of living is going up.
When deflation is happening, people don't do that - they hoard their money as much as possible, because they know that their yen will be able to buy more in a month, a year, if the value is rising. So their money leaves circulation for a very long time. So demand goes down, and prices go down accordingly, causing more deflation (people know this will happen more if they are patient) causing less circulation, causing lower demand, causing more deflation.
While those with money saved up are better poised to survive, businesses, esp. lenders fail, wages and stocks all plummet, and while hiding your money under a mattress might be good for you, it is hurting everyone else because your money is not buying things for other people.
The deflationary spiral can ruin an economy.
Japan has struggled with a stagnant economy for *decades* because of deflation, even before the GCF. 
@_date: 2015-02-14 21:34:08
Wait a second. You're trying to tell me that deflation benefits the common individual more than the wealthy individuals who have more access to liquidity? The people who can afford to hoard more during a deflationary spiral will.
Inflation reduces inequality by reducing the value of debt.


We keep producing money because our economy and population are growing and we need a larger money supply to support them. And believe it or not, there is a rhyme and rhythm to how the Federal Reserve works. 


We are much farther away from a post-work society than you seem to think. Work is what has enabled us to raise our standard of living as much as we have these past few decades. Don't get me wrong, I would love a post-work utopia where I can have anything I want, but that won't happen anytime soon. 


Sorry to break it to you, but that's a pretty childish idea. Aside from grossly exacerbating inequality, it actually costs money to make things and start businesses, and nobody will take out a loan when their debt value increases over time.
I'll say it again, ask Japan how they've been holding up if you're so sure that deflation is going to work out the way you think.