@_author: brawmethius
@_date: 2018-01-29 14:51:25
Thank you this is what I was looking for. 
@_date: 2018-01-21 16:52:01
What's anti libertarian about a public official having to disclose assets they can influence policy over?
@_date: 2018-01-29 15:04:43
By shady I mean their business practice seems directly against my own interests. When I first started playing with crypto (maybe a couple hundred bucks), it was easy to use. And since at the time I knew very little about how this technology worked, all the posts/complaints I read didn't really mean anything to me (like keeping the mempool high).  
Now that I understand a little more it seems to me that they have no interest in pushing for a better cheaper network. That they are heavily invested in keeping fees high and pushing bcash.
As a private company I don't think they have any obligation to pursue less profit . But as a private individual I have no desire to support them and would like my assets untangled from any issues they may encounter in the future. 
Due to sheer amount of crap that shows up when you try Google general crypto into, I came to Reddit for some suggestions. 
I appreciate all the feedback.
@_date: 2018-01-21 17:31:28
This generally applies to private individuals. Libertarians have no issue with entering of contracts that mitigate these basic expectations. Such as leaving the realm of a private citizen to become a public official. 
In fact I would argue that most libertarians would be on board with public officials having to disclose their assets if they wish to create policy that will have impact on them. (Remember the ideology has a high expectation of government accountability and is inherently distrustful of the state). Honestly, the true libertarian path is why do officials have any involvement at all. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 18:58:49
The whole outrage is kind of annoying. Wasn't the whole point of bitcoin to remove centralization and allow private individuals to do with their money as they please. Which I would assume includes selling as they please; sometimes I wonder if people treat this too much like a commodity rather than a currency. 
In other news, investors annoyed their investment lost money, blame the market for being a market!