@_author: brazilguy
@_date: 2015-03-01 15:58:43
Are you beeing sarcastic or are you really saying what you think? 
Also, there is no such thing as a facist socialist state. You know they are mutually exclusive,  right? A state may be facist or socialist but not both...
@_date: 2015-03-01 17:39:56
People need to read less Mises and less Ayn Rand and more Machiavelli, Hobbes and history books
@_date: 2015-03-01 15:49:23
If democracy sucks, which political system you suggest we use instead?
@_date: 2015-03-01 17:37:16
Ok, let’s start with definitions. What is fascism and what is socialism. Let’s start with Fascism. Acording to wikipedia, 
“Fascism (/fæʃɪzəm/) is a form of radical authoritarian nationalism[1][2] that came to prominence in early 20th-century Europe. Influenced by national syndicalism, fascism originated in Italy during World War I, combining more typically right-wing positions with elements of left-wing politics,[3] in opposition to liberalism, Marxism, and traditional conservatism. Although fascism is often placed on the far-right within the traditional left–right spectrum, several academics have said that the description is inadequate.
Fascism borrowed theories and terminology from socialism but replaced socialism's focus on class conflict with a focus on conflict between nations and races.
One common definition of fascism focuses on three concepts: the fascist negations of anti-liberalism, anti-communism and anti-conservatism; nationalist authoritarian goals of creating a regulated economic structure to transform social relations within a modern, self-determined culture; and a political aesthetic of romantic symbolism, mass mobilization, a positive view of violence, and promotion of masculinity, youth and charismatic leadership.[27][28][29] According to many scholars, fascism — especially once in power — has historically attacked communism, conservatism and parliamentary liberalism, attracting support primarily from the far right.
Fascism is "a genuinely revolutionary, trans-class form of anti-liberal, and in the last analysis, anti-conservative nationalism" built on a complex range of theoretical and cultural influences.
Fascism is considered by certain scholars to be right-wing because of its social conservatism and authoritarian means of opposing egalitarianism.”
Now let’s turn to socialism. Wikipedia says:
“Socialism is a social and economic system characterised by social ownership of the means of production and co-operative management of the economy,[1][2] as well as a political theory and movement that aims at the establishment of such a system.[3][4] "Social ownership" may refer to cooperative enterprises, common ownership, state ownership, citizen ownership of equity, or any combination of these.[5] There are many varieties of socialism and there is no single definition encapsulating all of them.[6] They differ in the type of social ownership they advocate, the degree to which they rely on markets or planning, how management is to be organised within productive institutions, and the role of the state in constructing socialism.[7]
Modern socialism originated from an 18th-century intellectual and working-class political movement that criticised the effects of industrialisation and private property on society. The revival of republicanism in the American Revolution of 1776 and the egalitarian values introduced by the French Revolution of 1789 gave rise to socialism as a distinct political movement. In the early 19th century, "socialism" referred to any concern for the social problems of capitalism regardless of the solutions to those problems. However, by the late 19th century, "socialism" had come to signify opposition to capitalism and advocacy for an alternative post-capitalist system based on some form of social ownership.[21] During this time, German philosopher Karl Marx and his collaborator Friedrich Engels published works criticizing the utopian aspects of contemporary socialist trends, and applied a materialist understanding of socialism as a phase of development which will come about through social revolution instigated by escalating and conflicting class relationships within capitalism.[22] Alongside this appeared other tendencies such as anarchism, revolutionary syndicalism, social-democracy, Marxism–Leninism and democratic socialism as well as the confluence of socialism with anti-imperialist and anti-racist struggles around the world. Socialism became the most influential worldwide movement and political-economic world view of the 20th century.[23] Today, socialist parties and ideas remain a political force with varying degrees of power and influence in all continents, leading national governments in many countries.
So, Facism is a right wing anti igualitarian, nationalist and racist ideology, while comunism is an left wing, igualitarian, usually transnational ideology. Just beacuse the Nazy party had national socialista in its name does not mean that it was a socialista party. Have you ever heard of  Karl Marx? He wrote a book called the communist manifesto, which ended, “workers of the world, Unite!” As a form of socialism, marxism inherited its universalism, while fascism is deeply rooted in the idea of a nation. Therefore, there is no such thing as a fascist socialist state.  
Regarding the debate about democracy, yes, democracy is not perfect but is better than other systems. You can say lots of things about anarcho capitalism, city states etc. But that’s just daydreaming. It maybe be beautiful and sound perfect, but it won’t happen. That is my problem with anarchists (of any kind, including anarcho capitalism), it will never happen. When we talk about politics, we have to talk about power. The isn’t a single example in history about an anarchist government that worked. Anarchism is very much like socialism and marxism, all of them think that it is  possible to achieve a world were we will all be equal/self-regulated/happy for ever etc. Sorry, but that won’t happen. Politics is the art of the possible, and a never ending struggle. It is full of flaws and it will always be. We can make it a little better, but it will never be perfect nor just. Utopia never worked and is by definition a place that does not exist. 
@_date: 2015-03-01 19:14:41
Dude, I’m quoting wikpedia because I don’t want to copy my history books.
I don’t know were you read that greek city states were anarchies. They were not. If I may quote wikipedia once more: 
Anarchy refers to a society, entity, group of persons or single person without recognition of authority .[1] Since its inception in the original ancient Greek, anarchy has been used in the negative sense to imply political disorder or lawlessness within a society. In 1840, however, Pierre-Joseph Proudhon adopted the term in his treatise What Is Property? to refer to a new political philosophy, anarchism, which advocates stateless societies based on voluntary associations.
See, anarchy refering to a political philosophy and mode of organization of society was invented in 1840 by Proudhon. You cannot say that a society was anarchist befora 1840, as that was not invented.
Aristotle, who was writing at the end of the greek classical era, in his  politics, wrote that Depending upon the number of people involved in governing and the focus of their interests, Aristotle distinguished six kinds of social structure in three pairs: 
A state with only one ruler is either a monarchy or a tyrrany; 
A state with several rulers is either an aristocracy or an oligarchy; and 
A state in which all rule is either a polity or a democracy.
The notion of a government without a ruler, be it few or many, did not exist in greek political thought. Athens was a democracy, Sparta had a King. Both had slaves, as did all greek city states.
Lichtenstein is a constitutional monarchy. It has a king. Do you know kings? Those guys that are better than you just because they were born that way? What bout constitutions? Those books were the laws of a country are writen and that you must obey lest you go to jail? Sorry byddy, no anrachy there.
Hong Kong is part of China. It belonged to the British Empire (yes, EMPIRE), untill 1997, when it was handed back to China. Do you read the news? Did you know that there were massive protests last year demanding democracy? I case you’re interested:
Anarchy? Nope!
To quote wikipedia once again: Singapore is a unitary multiparty parliamentary republic, with a Westminster system of unicameral parliamentary government. The People's Action Party has won every election since self-government began in 1959. The dominance of the PAP, coupled with a low level of press freedom and suppressed civil liberties and political rights, has led to Singapore being classified as a semi-authoritarian regime.  Anarchy? Not again.
It seems that you are confusing small states that are fare well economically with anarchy. That isn’t the case. From the three countries you exemplified, one has a king, and the other two are authoritarian regimes. So, again, anarchy never existed in history, and it does not exist today anywhere.
As for your problem, democracy or any form of government is not a matter of math. That is why I said people should read Hobbes and history. Thomas Hobbes was the first philosopher to propose the notion of a social contract. He was not a liberal, but the liberal thought uses the notien of a social contract. The French Revolution, which tried to create the first democratic government was fueled by this ideas of John Locke and Rousseau and others. There is no real world without this book theories, political action was taken based upon the ideas in these books. As any action trying to achieve anarchy is based on books, like Proudhon’s or other people’s.
There will always be losers in democracy, but it is a system that is much better than a dictatorship. And that can change and be better. You say crypto anarchism will be better, and you used terrible examples of small countries that are dictatorship (Hong Kong and Singapore). Do you really believe that countries will cease to exist and city states will rise and bring freedom for all? How will that happen. And what will prevent a small city state of not beeing conquered by a bigger one? And by another etc, forming an empire?
I think that crypto anarchy has a lot of cool concepts and tools, the problem with it is that it turns politics into just part on an equation, when it is much more than that. You can have all the technological tools and crypto and etc, but that doe not change the fact that you have to deal with politics and that politics are unstable and are never easy. No ammount of crypto will change that, and ignoring it trying to invent a perfect world of anarchy and happiness that does not take into account the real world, history and political philosophy and science is just fruitless.