@_author: breakoutgaming
@_date: 2014-10-14 00:11:38
Thank you all for taking the time to visit and comment.  We certainly do understand the amount of frustration in regards to the 100's of altcoins that are appearing and...disappearing on a daily basis. We feel that BRO and Breakout Gaming is vastly different to any of the previous altcoin business model.  Frankly, there isn't any coin out there with a well thought out path to success from an investor standpoint.
We hope you give us a chance to tell our story and certainly understand that this opportunity is not for everyone.
Our goal is to use BRO and penetrate a $40Bn and growing online gaming market by marketing the coin and platform with top gaming celebrities as Brand Ambassadors.  We will be offering the entire crypto community bonus codes, bounties, referral bonuses and more.  We want to create opportunities for our community to benefit and at the same time enjoy some of our traditional and unique games.
Our intention is the to be the first crypto business that enters a multi-Billion dollar market that will provide investors and gamers alike with liquidity never seen before in the crypto space.
We are accepting Bitcoin plus any other crypto coin with a strong community.  The actual chips are "denominated" in BRO, but we will be accepting multiple crypto coins in addition to "fiat. 
The number one problem with the survival of altcoins is the lack of market demand and liquidity for the coin.  BRO changes everything by entering this space and allowing people all over the world to use "fiat" to buy crypto in an easy and accessible manner.
Everyone involved in the project believes in the future of cryptocurrency and is totally committed to making Breakout Gaming and BRO a fantastic success story.  We feel that our project can help advance the recognition of cryptocurrency across the world by appealing to gamers all over the world. 
@_date: 2014-10-14 00:23:59
We are offering specific games only where we are licensed and legal-to-play.  Daily Fantasy Sports is booming in the United States and growing at an exponential rate.  There is plenty of room for growth for Breakout. By accepting cryptocurrency, we open the doors to players all over the world.  Certainly, we understand that you have the option to play on pokerstars or partypoker, but give us a chance, you just might think the games are more profitable on Breakout.  
eSports Fantasy game is based off of "pro"video gamers.  Specifically Dota2 and League of Legends.  You get to pick your Fantasy Team, just like any other Fantasy Pro Sports and pit your skills on picking the top players.  It's the first time a legitimate worthwhile Fantasy 
Game for eSports has been developed.  In case you are unfamiliar with eSports, Dota2 has 800,000 concurrent daily users and LOL has 57 million monthly.  It's a huge market we are about to tap into.
@_date: 2014-10-15 04:31:03
What store?