@_author: breakfree_clp
@_date: 2016-08-08 21:58:54
So you're telling me that it's totally ok to set up an exchange, get a bunch of deposits, take the deposits (and claim I was hacked!), then just give all account holders a haircut and everything will be cool?
I'm sorry for everyone's losses, but socializing the losses just sets a really bad precedent. The only way we can help prevent this kind of thing from happening again in the future is to drag the company to court and get their records out in the open. We need to know what happened for real and people need to be held accountable.
Otherwise, this shit will keep on happening and people will continue saying "oh well, losing 36% is better than 100%!" while scumbags exit with your coins.
@_date: 2016-08-07 16:33:49


This is an idiotic thing to say. The risk of losing 100% of your investment should be the risk of making a bad trade, not the risk of the fucking exchange getting hacked or going under. If you've ever traded stocks or other regulated securities, you'll know that the SIPC protects you against this kind of thing.
When making trades in a security with a broker/exchange without that protection, you do need to acknowledge the risk that you'll lose 100% of your assets due to corporate mismanagement, but trying to suggest that you bear some responsibility for the hack is just fucking retarded.


That's a crazy definition of fair. If it was fair, people who weren't holding BTC in their account would bear none of the loss from a BTC hack. Would you feel the same way if the company was physically robbed of cash? If someone broke into their office, cracked a safe, and stole a few million in customer cash, should all account holders lose a portion of their BTC?


Where have I heard this before... oh yeah, "too big to fail".
Sorry man, but if an exchange is "too big to fail" and loses 36% of client assets to a hack, they really don't deserve to continue being in business.
I can give you an outsider perspective here because I didn't have an account at Bitfinex, but I'd like to see this company go away. Yeah it sucks that lawsuits will drain their funds and potentially drive them to bankruptcy, but that's really the fair thing to do. Not great for people who lost money, but fair in the sense that the company will face justice for their extreme fuckup.
@_date: 2016-08-18 01:01:00
I dunno. If someone watches this whole thing and still thinks buying a bunch of OneCoin is a good idea, they'll fall for any number of other scams too. A fool and his money are soon parted.
To fall for this you need to be both greedy and a moron and I don't have much sympathy for greedy morons.
@_date: 2016-08-10 07:04:20
The company has made tons of statements, but all through a "community manager" and not an actual officer of the company. The only reason to do that is so the officers and board can protect themselves. I'm guessing they tell Zane what to say in person or over the phone, then he posts it on reddit. The company has no records of anyone ordering Zane to say anything, so when the lawsuits start piling on the company's lawyers can claim he was acting on his own or didn't say exactly what he was supposed to.
They're setting him up to be thrown under the bus and he doesn't even realize it.
Protip. If no corporate officer with actual control over corporate operations (or even a company attorney!) is willing to speak publicly, but they send all messages through a low level employee posting to internet forums, that's a REALLY bad sign.
@_date: 2016-08-08 22:04:56
LOL, you want them to just send coins to an address from an email you sent them?
Sorry, but what you're suggesting here is just what a social engineering hacker would do. If coinbase was doing their due diligence, they should make you go through a few extra levels of verification now to prove you're not just trying to empty someone else's account.
@_date: 2016-08-08 22:15:53


Transparency and justice, so something close to option C. I don't know why everyone is bending over backwards to accept a haircut before the facts are made public. Greed, I guess?
@_date: 2016-08-09 11:56:04


He's rich because he defauded investors on multiple occasions over the past 20 years. He's on the run from like three different governments now. Please look into this guy's history before blindly supporting him because you think he's on your side or think what he says is cool.


I suggest you read this statement from MEGA about Kim's involvement: 
TL;DR: He owned a very small stake (6%) in the company and the shares were controlled by his (ex) wife. He did co-found the company, but wasn't involved in any of the design or technology behind the site. He tweeted about the company constantly, but the company disagreed with a lot of what he said.
@_date: 2016-08-01 21:39:28
The browser is one of the least secure pieces of software and the one that's most targeted by criminals with phishing attacks, man-in-the-middle attacks, and exploit kits.
Building Bitcoin functionality into the browser is a security disaster waiting to happen. They're turning an already-ripe area of exploitation into an even bigger target for criminals.
@_date: 2016-08-09 11:36:42
A claim to be "the most secure" or "100% secure" is a huge red flag.
Compare that to a company with actual security, like coinbase: 
They don't claim to be 100% secure or the most secure, they say they take measures to ensure your bitcoin is safe as possible and they outline exactly what they do at a technical level.
When you look at  and see poorly-written English full of buzzwords and still give them control of your bitcoins, I'm sorry.
Edit: If you want to see a better example of "false advertising", check out 


At this point, the evidence suggests that BitGo was NOT compromised, but I guess we'll have to wait and see.
@_date: 2016-08-18 16:22:51
Web sites are centralized by their very nature. Whoever owns bitcoin.org can do whatever they want with it. They could turn it into a porn site if they wanted.
The are no requirements that bitcoin.org has anything at all to do with Bitcoin or by controlled by anyone who has anything to do with Bitcoin.