@_author: breadwallet_dan
@_date: 2018-05-30 00:58:46
Hello - BRD support here: there was no flaw. 
What occurred is you accidentally wrote down the 12 word paper key down incorrectly. We then helped you with a tool that can help repair some paper keys, and luckily it worked: 
Your wallet is now properly in sync, with transaction history showing, and in the off chance you are missing any transactions we will be sure to help you with this issue.
During this process you contacted several members of our team with many messages, and posted derogatory/inflammatory memes on the the BRD subreddit. This is the reason you are banned from the subreddit. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:02:17
Hello! If you see the % changing in your app, this is not the transaction starting over (this is the app communicating with the bitcoin network on the transaction's progress)
Unfortunately the network congestion is very high, and in this case the only option is to wait for it to complete as all bitcoin wallet companies are experiencing some delays.
We appreciate your patience, and we are monitoring this situation closely.
@_date: 2018-06-05 05:21:18
So you're aware, the  complaint on SPV wallets is the syncing time. This is not a matter of us ignoring users, in fact it's quite the opposite.
The last thing users want on an SPV wallet is even more syncing time/more resources used. 
We have a great development team, which consists of the original people who helped bring the first SPV bitcoin wallet to iOS.
This is not a matter of politics or ignoring users, it's a technical decision that's in the best interest of the app running smoothly. Segwit will be activated on the BRD app when it can be done so in the most efficient manner possible. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 21:41:48
Please see our blog which details the latest on Segwit for the BRD app: 
There are special considerations that have to be made for a SPV wallet that doesn't connect to servers. 
@_date: 2018-06-02 04:47:27
Samourai wallet is not SPV - the developers said so themselves. 
@_date: 2018-06-01 23:11:45
No scam -  we want to be able to continue and thrive instead of many wallets which have ceased to exist due to lack of resources. 
There are valid reasons for us to wait for Schnorr since we are an SPV wallet. With SPV wallets (which are more secure) the burden of syncing is on the user at this time. It's too resource intensive to monitor many chains at once, with a rise in technical debt that isn't efficient. 
@_date: 2018-06-02 05:34:24
I highly recommend you read and research the topics that are discussed in the Segwit blog we linked to.
Bitcoin is very important to us, and this isn't a matter of us "dragging our feet".
Please, read the blog again and understand the reasonings behind it. If Bitcoin wasn't important to us, I wouldn't take the time to respond to your concerns and have a conversation with you.  
@_date: 2018-06-02 05:00:37
You are mistaken, please see (from October, during the potential Segwit2x fork):
"As an SPV wallet, Bread performs a high-speed but simple verification to determine which chain has the most cumulative proof of work. However, it does not check or enforce rules regarding block size, which means SPV wallets (as designed today) will follow whichever chain has the majority of hashing power, regardless of the details that separate the two chains that will soon exist.
What this means is that unless you tether your app to a node of your choosing (a powerful feature that is available within the app today), your Bread will end up interacting with whichever chain has the most miners. If the majority of the mining power switches to the other chain, your wallet will also switch to follow that chain. This may not suit you if the hashpower is dedicated to a chain you do not wish to follow, or if the hashpower flips over to the minority chain at some point in the future."
@_date: 2018-06-02 05:25:01
It's not a matter of disregarding your wishes, it's a matter of system resources and having an application that runs smoothly. 
If you wish, we welcome you to use the app again (or try it) when Segwit is implemented in the future. We honestly wish we could just press a button and "turn Segwit on", but it's much more complicated than that. 
@_date: 2018-06-02 06:37:52
All this said, we sincerely do appreciate your feedback.
Minimizing syncing time/resources is a very important aspect of an SPV wallet since we don't connect to servers which are near instant but much less secure. 
We hope that when we release Segwit support, you'll consider us again. 
@_date: 2018-06-02 05:20:05
Yes, our wallet is SPV. 
We are not going to include technical debt in the form of added syncing when it is not necessary. This is why there are no other SPV wallets that have Segwit today. As BreadCPO said, we are working on Segwit solutions that work for SPV.
@_date: 2018-06-05 06:13:30
Like BreadCPO said, we do listen to our users, and Segwit isn't the only thing that they are asking for.
Segwit will be released when it can be done so without making it a syncing nightmare for users. This isn't a political decision or one out of laziness - you must understand that we wish we could just 'press a button' and have it turned on, but that isn't the reality we are in.
As we pointed out earlier, there are no other SPV wallets that have Segwit, and there is a valid reason for it. Doing so is not as straightforward as all of the other wallets that are server based.
We kindly ask that if you don't wish to use BRD right now, you at least consider giving us the benefit of the doubt. This isn't stubbornness, this isn't taking sides, this is running into constraints that the SPV format gives us. If we support an address chain, that means we have to support it forever.
We appreciate your concerns you have for us, and hope you have no ill will towards us. We are paying exact attention to what users tell us, and they tell us that they dislike syncing longer periods of time very highly. 
I wish you well.
@_date: 2017-11-24 03:16:40
Hello, thank you for this feedback. We'll continue to investigate it further. 
In the meantime, please contact support and let us know which language your phone is set to, and also send a screenshot of the different language you're seeing.
@_date: 2018-11-16 19:25:21
@_date: 2018-11-09 15:05:33
That's correct! Please note that the iOS version is still in review by Apple. Many companies have been reporting very long review times from Apple the past couple weeks. 
@_date: 2018-11-09 15:07:11
If BRD supports a coin you don't wish to use you can hide it from the "Manage Wallets" menu option. 
@_date: 2018-11-09 17:10:29
Hello! BRD is now the only major SPV wallet that has Segwit, and there were valid reasons waiting for bech32 to become more prevalent. (SPV wallets take more syncing resources, and we didn't want to incur more technical debt supporting non-bech32 addresses. If we support an address format, then we have to support it forever so users don't lose funds)
With BRD, if you don't like a coin (or want to add more) then you go to the "Manage Wallets" screen to modify what's on your home screen. It's very easy.
BRD's focus is to provide an easy and safe experience where crypto can be stored, and to this date no funds have been stolen from any of our user's wallets. (excluding when a user isn't careful with their paper key)
There have been many wallets over the years who don't do any updates at all/have run out of business (do a simple App Store search, see how many wallets the store is littered with that aren't supported anymore)
BRD is here for the long haul.
