@_author: brentcruede
@_date: 2017-08-24 19:42:24
I'd be interested in being corrected here because I love the idea of cryptocurrency and want it to succeed. But here, it seems to me, is the crux of the problem... Bitcoin, essentially, is a 'service' not a 'good'. The service that it offers certainly has value in its ability to transfer value easily and securely. Great so far. BUT.... What is the one and only value that it can transfer?... ITSELF! What you are sending is the value of a Bitcoin the sole value of which is to transfer value. It's a circular logic where ultimately the only value of Bitcoin is its ability to securely transfer ITSELF to someone else. Cool... but WHAT is being transferred?... The value of the transfer... and on and on. The ONLY thing, as Peter Schiff rightly says, that breaks this vicious circle of worthlessness is the fact that you can exchange this Bitcoin for something of real value, like US dollars, yuan, euros or... gold. Ultimately, without the 'backing' of something of real value, the only thing Bitcoin can transfer is itself... a ledger entry that, in itself, is ultimately worthless in any real world.
@_date: 2017-08-24 19:36:57
You're right... I love the idea of Crypto and 'I'm in'... But I can also see the logic behind the idea that it just can't work in the long run for what it is set up to do... convey real VALUE instantly and effortlessly, since that value is predicated upon its 'limited supply' and the 'proof of work' that goes into creating a unique token. Sure, Bitcoin is the only really big gorilla in the game at the moment, but the time and capital that it takes to overtake the trusted leader in the space is happening right now with the 1000 competitors. What are we going to do to preserve Bitcoin's value, outlaw innovation in the field? These other coins are like a bunch of lions trying to take down an elephant. Sure, it takes time for this to unfold but there is no limit to the altcoins except the 'real money' that's needed to feed, clothe and Mazeraterize their creators. This money is already flowing hard into the competitor's pockets. And this is only a year or two old... Imagine the trend into the future. The space is absolutely brimming with good ideas for new currencies and blockchain networks. But it should be remembered that ideas are as cheap as dirt, although not even as trustworthy. If you don't believe it, go read the 'incomings' on Max Kaiser's favorite SM platform... Steemit. It's a world of ideas inspired by the big idea of digital money... and nearly every one of them (except those of Max himself) is worth about a penny.  