@_author: bresearch
@_date: 2015-09-12 11:29:07
FjorXD, thanks the suggestion. I have turned the link into a hyperlink.
@_date: 2015-09-12 13:46:45
Hi Xekyo.  Thanks for your useful feedback on the survey.  
I have analyzed your comments and updated the survey where appropriate.
I am using Wikipedia's definition which quotes the European Central Bank and FinCEN.  By this definition I don't think Paypal is a virtual currency and Paypal themselves don't consider themselves to be a virtual currency.   And if for example respondents consider World of Warcraft units to be more popular than Bitcoin there is an option to register this answer.
People don't need to know the total as the questionnaire asks for a percentage. Similar to the misapprehension that that taxes do not need to be paid on bitcoin transactions, the method of payment does not extinguish the legal duty to pay tax on transactions. I believe it will be quite possible in future to distinguish cross border transactions as IFS and similar accounting standards will likely regulate that company income statements and balance sheets will contain these figures.  If a Motorcar showroom in the Bahamas imports Jaguars from England using Bitcoin, they will still have to report the transaction and profits to the revenue service.
I have changed question 12 to be consistent with other questions and now reads "Governments" plural.
Legislation is now being introduced in a greater number of jurisdictions that Bitcoin exchanges should require identity checks on purchase of Bitcoins with fiat currency in the same way as anti money laundering legislation specifies reporting when cash is deposited with financial institutions.  An example would be a bank in the US needing to report specified deposits of greater than 10,000 USD in value.
I have changed the wording of Question 15. In addition this question has  a 'don't know' option as well as an "other" option. 
"Low transaction costs" and "Low cost for small transactions" is not the same.  Bitcoin has a low transaction cost for large transactions relative to other payment channels, but it can also be used for micro payments, as with many other channels on very low transactions values the transaction costs can be higher than the transaction value itself.  However I might alter the wording to avoid any ambiguity.
It is true that Volatility of Exchange Rate may well be considered an advantage by users that trade currencies, however most bitcoin users will agree that the speculative bubbles has a negative impact, and that a more stable price would be advantageous to the mainstream use and acceptance of Bitcoin.  The results of of the forum survey so far show this to be of 2nd highest disadvantage.  I have sent a similar survey out to Bank Managers in the United States and United Kingdom and these results show the volatility of exchange rate was considered the most important disadvantage.
Q18 completion rate is exactly the same as prior questions with lesser options, and so there is no immediate need to alter this question. However I will likely delete one or two options that get no checks in order to reduce the overall size of the question.
Once again thanks for your feedback.
@_date: 2015-09-20 13:08:20
I hope bitcoin users and will find it interesting to take part.  Consider it as a quiz!
If I was a psychologist I would say "Cognitive Dissonance", that is it is good to be involved, and a users self-perception of being a helpful person means that failure to respond will produce a state of dissonance. :)  
@_date: 2015-09-12 17:13:13
Thanks for your help everyone in completing this survey... 
I am delighted to report that the response to the survey is now over 100 :) 
This is very helpful towards making the survey statistically significant.
@_date: 2015-09-20 21:37:21
This is the only open survey like this of which I am aware.  
It should only take a few minutes. 
By doing the survey you will then be rewarded, with seeing the results summarized from lots of other bitcoin users.  It will also expand your thoughts on bitcoin.   
I have arranged similar surveys as well as interviews with banks in the UK and the USA and business involved in Bitcoin. 
My published research will be free for everyone to read and will hopefully be used by the cryptocurrency industry to gain better understanding of crypocurrency.  
However if you are not interested to see results then clearly you should not do the survey.  
I am not sure what you expected? 
My thoughts are that if people got paid some bitcoin for doing the survey then word would get around that free bitcoins are on offer and soon the results would be filled with meaningless answers from people who know nothing about bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-13 16:40:22
Thanks again for all the responses which are now up to 140.
At the suggestion of a member that recently took the survey I have added a question to establish respondents amount of direct experience of using bitcoin (or other cryptocurrencies).  
The question is intentionally non-specific as I don't think people would be comfortable revealing information about payments, wallets and storage etc.
@_date: 2015-09-12 14:46:47
Thank you to those members that have taken the survey.
We are now up to 87 responses in total. 
I hope you have found it interesting.
On a lighter note, Kprawn has pointed out at the bitcoin forum ... "From the results so far, it seems as though Bitcoin users are a lot of American Men in their 30's working in IT."   :)