@_author: brianfediuk
@_date: 2018-09-11 16:46:20
Honestly, when I hear that you want to give me money to sign up, I immediately think you're making more money than what you're giving out.
Avoid paying people to use your service. Instead, offer a fantastic service. Put that money into advertising or something else with your product.
One thing to consider would be a bug bounty program and maybe a "feature recommendation" section. Say that if users help contribute to your app by suggestions and you use it, you'll pay them proportional to the quality of their help.
@_date: 2018-10-05 22:02:31
I can't stand when people claim it isn't fair.
* It isn't fair that people can wait in line for 24 hours for a product at launch.
* It isn't fair that bots buy all the tickets for concerts
* It isn't fair that people are born into different socioeconomic classes
Lots of things aren't fair, but Bitcoin is fair because those who have the most of it took an absurd risk when it was immature, shifty, and crazy volatile. John Smith is not entitled to Bitcoin being reserved for "in case John Smith is reassured by all of society that this will be worth a fortune in 2 years, so let's sell it for significantly less and make him rich". That's the most anti-free-market ideology I've ever seen.
Most people who make this claim always brag about how early they heard about Bitcoin, but dismissed it back then because it sounded like a scam. Where was their due diligence? How many hours did they spend learning about this?
While they were dismissing things and ignoring this kinda stuff, the smart early adopters said "huh, this looks weird, but I'm going to do some research on it and learn more about it".
My question for those making this claim is:
When are you going to give some of your money to the hundreds of thousands of people who tried investing in things that failed? It wasn't fair that they had to shoulder all of that risk and losses, so you should pay them to help make up for their loss.
@_date: 2018-10-05 22:06:08
When people kept claiming "X is the next Google!", what happened to Google? The value of the company still went up.
Just a thought 
@_date: 2018-10-05 21:53:24
This was just a huge learning point for me.
Initially I assumed they all started at nonce=1 and moved from there but that would be pointless unless you were the fastest.
Then I thought they generated random numbers, but there was still the risk of using the same that other people used and wasting time.
Now it makes 100% sense that different receiving addresses change the hash output.
Thanks dude!