@_author: brianwski
@_date: 2017-12-03 18:43:33
At least with currency, you separate out the part of the increase in value that came from the currency and pay tax on that on separate forms than the part that you pay for the "other thing you acquired". 
In other words, in my $5.01 example if you spent $5.01 on an item, you would actually pay taxes on the 1 cent specifically declared as "increase of value of currency".  Then if your European purchase was in Hungary, then you would owe Hungary VAT tax (27%) on the entire purchase so you would then pay Hungary about 14 cents in VAT tax.  Note: "VAT" stands for Value Added Tax so I know saying "VAT tax" is silly: Value Added Tax Tax.  :-)
@_date: 2017-12-03 18:29:31


That really doesn't matter.  If you buy Euros at 8am for $5, and sell the Euros at 9am the same day for $5.01, you owe tax on 1 cent in profits you made from making these trades.
I agree Bitcoin is not a stock, but it seems more like a "collectible" like a baseball card than a currency.  Increase in value of collectibles are taxed as a capital gain.
But it really doesn't matter what I think: I live in the the USA, and pay 100% of the taxes that the USA government says I should pay.  They decide some semi-arbitrary rates of sales tax, capital gains tax, income tax, property tax, etc.  Then they classify all sorts of things for me into each category.  Then I follow their rules to avoid jail time for tax evasion.  And the USA government has absolutely positively ruled on Bitcoin.  You can read about it in Forbes: [
TL;DR - The IRS classifies Bitcoin an "intangible asset" - report it as capital gains.
Edit: if you don't live in the USA, you will need to consult your government's laws!!  For example, if you live in Monaco, they have no income tax.  So each government decides their own arbitrary rules of how they plan on collecting money from their citizens, and (most of us) follow the arbitrary rules.
@_date: 2017-12-03 15:26:21


Only on the “gains”, not the total amount.  And this is EXACTLY like stock.  If you buy a single share of a stock (maybe AAPL) at 8am for $5 and sell it at 9am the same day for $5.01 you owe capital gains tax on the 1 cent.
Likewise, if you trade the $5.01 stock directly for a different stock (TSLA) at 9am you still owe the capital gains tax on the 1 cent.  “Bartering” (exchanging two goods without going through a currency) is perfectly legal but it does NOT get you out of your obligation to pay tax.
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:46:57


Put a person in jail and take away their rights to use a computer.
You are correct that the transaction is final.  But if you commit murder in our society THAT ALSO CANNOT BE REVERSED.  We still punish murderers by putting them in jail.  The fact that it cannot be reversed does not mean freedom from consequences.
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:37:15


Well, if person A pays person B one bitcoin, then to "reverse it" person B can pay person A one bitcoin.  Yes it is a new transaction, but that is OFTEN how it works in traditional banking.


It will work exactly like traditional banking.  If you refuse to repay what you owe, that is your choice and the government will put you in jail.  I'm confused every time somebody thinks governments cannot catch you and put you in jail.  
This was not bitcoin but one of my friends told me "I am completely safe from prosecution because &lt;blah&gt;."  A year later he went to jail for a couple years.  Turns out my friend is not a lawyer and did not fully, completely understand how the legal system works.  The way the legal system works is something like this: they arrest you on charges of something, there is a trial where 12 random people decide if you should go to jail, and the 12 people ignore all the evidence and put you in jail because they don't like your attitude.  :-)