@_author: bridgesro
@_date: 2015-09-24 16:59:19
True, and it depends on which one will take longer to learn. 21, Inc. is promising that this thing is nearly plug-and-play. If they're API or CLI is as easy as they say it is, it will be easier to learn to use than setting up bitcoind. If they're lying, than bitcoind ends up being the cheaper option.
I added an edit to my post for the situation I described as well: if you're an entrepreneur without the tech background, you're probably just going to use BitPay for transactions anyways.
@_date: 2015-09-24 16:49:04
Keep in mind that it's not always a question of difficulty, but often a question of time value. You said learning to work with bitcoind took you less than a day, which still represents hours of work.
Let's say I didn't know how to work in bitcoind and I value my time at about $50/hour. If it takes me one working day (8 hours) to learn how to use bitcoind effeciently enough to use it for my business, that equates to $400 - the same cost as the 21.
In that case, it could be beneficial for me to simply buy the 21 and use the saved time to focus on the more important parts of my business - the product, the business plan, marketing, other development issues, etc.
Put more concisely: **your time is worth money**.
I imagine there are a good amount of entrepreneurs who would match that scenario - and if they have no dev background, the time cost of learning may be more than a single day - maybe it's two business days instead of one (16 hours). Now they've spent time equating to $800, and they still have all the other aspects of their business to spend time on too.
That said, 21 Inc.'s PR campaign is pretty bad. They're not being outright dishonest, but they're certainly being misleading about the mining aspect of it. I assume most of the "replenishing funds" they're talking about are transaction fees, not block rewards. I can't imagine this thing ever solving a block.
EDIT: On an additional note, I also see 21 having an issue with target markets. Using my own entrepreneur example: if I were in the situation I described above, I would save the time and money further by just using an existing service like BitPay to accept payments. So the idea that they're targeting entrepreneurs and using them to upkeep the blockchain is a hard sell for $400. The people who *would* be interested in $400 bitcoin hardware are the devs - who don't need it for the reasons you said in your post.