@_author: brigarrrrrd
@_date: 2014-11-10 07:25:22
Oh my. Try to be less easy to pick apart. Okay?


You participate in Your argument is completely invalid.


A completely unverifiable statement that has no basis in reality.


Targets? Rage? Intriguing. Intriguing that you consider criticism of women for the public statements they make and their public actions to be 'targeting done in rage'. Your patriarchy is showing. Intriguing that you seem to completely ignore the very inconvenient truth that when a man faces exactly the same level of criticism you'll be completely silent. Does putting women into this special category make you a misogynist?
Yes, yes it most certainly does. Everything I've seen about gamer gate has shown me that pro-gamer gate people believe in equality, anti-gamer gate people consider women to be sub-human.


To begin with no one in gamer gate was harassing Zoe Quinn. She keeps injecting herself into the conversations. Her actions have been appalling. She did some horrible things prior to gamer gate. And she falsely claimed harassment in 2013. The only time anyone in mentions Zoe Quinn is when she's trying to play the victim and get attention or when one of you horribly misogynsitic anti-gamer gate people are trying to use her as a stick to beat gamer gate. Of course when you do this you get horrible beaten yourself and have to retreat to where you know the mods will carefully prevent you from seeing any dissenting opinions whatsoever.


You mean the horribly researched and just generally bad pieces of propaganda? You mean the feminist "critic" who uses harassment to gather more funds from people like you? 


Please. Send your resume to Fox News. You are a beautiful master of spin. That article was nothing more and nothing less than a nasty, unwarranted attack on hundreds of millions of people just for their hobby. It also had nothing to do with celebrations, it was one section of a media clique talking to another section. Beyond that Leigh Alexander's career is dead because of their hate and Gamasatura's viewership is declining rapidly. People do not like being slandered.
Beyond this: "Female"? Why is someone's genitals the only thing that matters to you? What exactly are you trying to say? Are you trying to say that if it was a "male" this would be meaningless to you? You do realize the person you're supporting is also a drunken racist? Right?


Ah yes. Of course. You find denying small independent publishers any exposure in the media because they don't fit into a small clique or because they do something that offends a mentally ill "journalist" or editor perfectly acceptable. Just because you believe people who support gamer gate are somehow okay with corruption higher up in the industry?
What evidence do you have that they don't care? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Are you pulling this out of your ass in a lame attempt to argue away what gamer gate is saying? Yes you are. Is it working? No, no it isn't.


Actually the simplest explanation is journalists do not like having their ethics questioned. The whole "muh soggy knees" narrative is simply something they've latched onto to defame the movement. 
Have you been rekt?
Yes. Yes you have.
Are you going to reexamine your views towards women? Especially the way you see women as being less capable of receiving criticism than men?
I won't hold my breath.
Are you going to realize your opinions are entirely formed via the circlejerk... which has gotten really, really fucking bad lately.
Maybe. There is hope.
Are you going to run back to where you know you're safe from dissenting opinions and whine?
Yes. Yes you are.
@_date: 2014-11-10 20:55:09
You're participating in a brigade from and you're spreading badly thought out misogyny, you needed to be put in your place. You really need to consider where your ideas and your views on women are coming from. Because frankly to the average person its starting to look a bit sick.
@_date: 2014-11-10 19:52:42
Shhh. You need to be thinking about your misogyny, not sitting on reddit coming up with bad comebacks.
Especially not failing like this:
