@_author: brikachu
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:39:07


"Happened naturally" rofl. You mean when some idiot doesn't spay or neuter their pet, and pet gets out and breeds or is bred with other dogs from idiot owners? I guess it's okay because it happened naturally.


If you have a lab mixed with any breed of dog that generally isn't easy to train, that dog is going to be harder to train that a purebred lab. I could see the argument for labs mixed with poodles or GSDs or golden retrievers, because those dogs are also bred to be easy to train, but your thought process doesn't make any sense. Mutts are genetically superior when it comes to physical health issues, but not when it comes to the background of the dog. A lot of shelter dogs have been abused. An abused dog does not generally do well as a service dog, a K9 dog, a therapy dog, etc. There is value in knowing where your dog came from that you can't get from a shelter.


It is an upgrade when the breeder tests for known physical conditions within the breed, and gets a good result acceptable by the AKC. Labrador retriever breeders often test their hips and eyes, for example, because hip dysplasia and eye disease are something they are susceptible to. A good breeder will not breed a stud and bitch together if they don't have good results from these tests, because then the puppies would also be at risk for those issues. A good breeder will keep up the appropriate health standards for their chosen breed if not try to improve it.
Also, we know that there is a much higher failure rate for service dogs who come from shelters. There is a reason K9 units also don't get their dogs from shelters. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 14:21:31
A lot of people will say adopt, don't shop, but really the saying should be "RESEARCH WHERE YOUR DOG IS COMING FROM."
If it's coming from a breeder, it's your job to make sure that you're buying from a breeder that is breeding responsibly. 
If it's coming from a shelter, it's ideally the shelter's job to find a dog that is suitable to your lifestyle, and most aggressive dogs aren't really suitable for anyone's lifestyle, but this is just to say that shitty adoption shelters exist and sometimes they will try to pawn off an aggressive dog onto you. You do not have to keep an aggressive dog. It's not your fault that they lied to you. I don't think this happens very often, but it can.
If the dog is coming from a pet store, do not buy it, because that means it's coming from a non-responsible breeder (*unless* the pet store guarantees that it is working with a local shelter, and even then I would ask questions).
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:17:06
Yes, should have clarified, thats what I meant.
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:11:04


Euhhh, YMMV with this one. There are plenty of breeders who do more than this.
@_date: 2017-12-19 14:11:00
Correction: *some* breeders do not care about animal health. There are a plethora of breeders who care more about their pups' wellbeing than they care about themselves. This is why you should always research, research, research before buying a dog from a breeder. The sidebar of r/dogs is a great tool for finding responsible breeders.
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:41:13


I have never understood this logic. Can't you apply the same logic to adopting? Adopting a dog takes away a home from a bred dog as well.


Uh, no. Responsible breeders generally breed for a purpose, including their dogs being used as service dogs, hunting dogs, therapy dogs, K9 units, etc. These dogs are called dogs with a job, and they are bred in order to be able to do that job as best as possible. You are more likely to get a good hunting dog out of a well-bred Labrador retriever than a mutt you find in the shelter. You are more likely to have a service dog in training become a full fledged service dog with a golden retriever coming from a good breeder than one found at the shelter, not to mention the dog will be able to work longer. A good breeder also breeds for the health of the breed. They want the breed they focus on to be as healthy as possible. Their pups are usually spoken for before the puppies are even born, and if a puppy isn't bought, they will take care of that puppy until it finds a home. If it never does, the dog will stay with the breeder forever.
Responsible breeders are not at fault for the thousands of dogs that are euthanized every year. 
