@_author: brinxxx
@_date: 2014-01-17 17:21:57
Having seen this post and understanding a little what ACR have done to integrate this method I think your actions were a little hasty by posting this to say the least. We at ACR, have indeed integrated BTC as a payment method. We have taken the time to integrate and not market this actively so we can iron out the issues with those customers who are in the know with BTC. The last thing we wanted to do was market, launch and our Customer Service team become overwhelmed with call after call about the payment method. Although I agree Customer Service should have dealt with your call a little better, there are steps being made to ensure information related to BTC is shared sufficiently and the team are well enough versed to deal with your questions and provide the relevant answers moving forward.
If you review the information in the BTC payment method, it does offer you a conversion rate when applying your initial amount (in USD $) from the outset. When depositing and receiving the “transaction pending page” (page 2) you will notice (in BOLD) the correct amount of BTC’s to send for the transaction to be successful. This amount has to be the “exact” amount in BTC’s,  otherwise the transaction will fail. Also note, you only have 15 minutes to make the transaction, otherwise the deposit will be cancelled, this is due to the exchange being used and the time that BTC exchange rate is held/locked in for.
The information received for your specific transaction did not match that of the correct BTC amount to send stated in the cashier, hence the failed transaction. Now, I’m no expert, but within the wallet and pending how you choose to perform the transaction (custom, quick send etc…) there is a section that asks for a Miners Fee. This allows your transaction to be processed as a priority, or as a standard transaction pending what you choose. This will subtract a small amount of BTC from your transaction, hence changing the original sent amount, which may appear to be what has happened here, as the amount received (after review) was 0.0001 BTC off. It may pay to review the “Account Settings” in your wallet and ensure the “Default Fee Policy” is set to “Normal”, which will NOT deduct any BTC’s from your transaction. I use BlockChain and these are all settings within that specific wallet. I cannot refer to other wallets, but it may be worth checking.
We will be using the information from this issue and making some changes within our SOP’s, so failed transactions are indeed highlighted to the accounting team, reviewed, dealt with and refunded without issue. In this instance the refund was indeed made, shortly after Customer Support had confirmed by phone with the customer the issue was indeed in hand.
As some of these more positive posts have shown, ACR is not in the business of “Swallowing BTC’s”. This is a new method that was launched with low expectations from the outset enabling those who are versed in Bit Coin to use the method, as well as allow the team at ACR to build their knowledge and expertise. I agree there are some glitches, but we are working as effectively as we can to remedy those and in instances such as failed transactions, we will get these resent back to you as quickly as we can. 
