@_author: bringthediddley
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:29:17
In 2001: A Space Oddessy, the monolith appears several times, each coinciding with mankind's evolution to a higher state of being.
@_date: 2014-12-25 16:47:28
A network of mycelium is kind of like a root network for a fungal organism. It is distributed (usually throughout soil or dead wood), meaning there is no central core or place of vulnerability. There are massive amounts of connections between all of the strands of the mycelial network, so it doesn't matter if you wipe out part (or nearly all) of a mycelial network because it survives elsewhere. This distributed feature makes fungus very resilient.
One similarity with the blockchain is that the same public ledger is distributed on many thousands of computers worldwide, so even if many nodes die, the ledger survives. It would be extremely difficult to erase the records on the blockchain from history.
@_date: 2014-07-19 05:08:54
Very well-put. The experiment goes on. 
Licenses and men pointing guns in one place / empowerment and liberty in another place. What happens next...? It's an amazing time to be alive.
@_date: 2014-09-08 04:21:05
You may find this useful for learning about the big picture of the dollar's status as the world's reserve currency.
[Apropos of Everything](
@_date: 2014-11-13 18:56:39
You guys are doing awesome work. I just donated some bitcoin and it was a piece of cake. Good luck!
@_date: 2014-08-07 14:16:08
Anyone who claims to predict a specific price of a liquid financial asset in the future, based on public information,  is full of shit. The book 'A Random Walk Down Wall Street' does a good job explaining this. New information is incorporated very quickly into market prices, and a random redditor (or even a professional investment advisor) doesn't have a crystal ball to predict new information that isn't already reflected in the current market price.
I won't argue against your claim that Bitcoin's market price will hit $200, because I can't predict future informational developments any more than you can. However, I'll still downvote you for the lack of humility. 
Edit* reddiquette question... Is my reason for downvoting not legit? I'm a noob here. 
@_date: 2017-10-18 02:00:30
You can't split your coins anywhere until after the hard fork.
This is just people agreeing to buy/sell the future S2X coins at a certain time in the future. The contracts that specify that agreement are trade-able on an open market. This post is about the market for those futures contracts.
@_date: 2017-10-15 05:20:07
I think that the established views on inflation and deflation are only applicable in a debt-based monetary system with no competing currencies. Debt is absolutely fundamental to modern society, and people born into a certain society will probably have to use that society's currency to participate in society. It is understandable that modern economic thought would base their assumptions on an indebted society full of indebted individuals who have to use a certain currency to pay back their loans. The logical conclusion would be that inflation in that currency is good and deflation is bad. 
This argument breaks down when people are allowed to use multiple competing currencies. An inflationary US dollar and a deflationary BTC can coexist simultaneously with no harm to anyone. The inflation in USD doesn't hurt users of BTC or USD, and the deflation in BTC doesn't hurt anyone as long as they are not indebted in BTC. So, since we have multiple competing currencies and a choice to use any of them at will, and relatively low amounts of BTC-denominated debt, the context is very different from the assumptions made by modern economic thought. In this context, the only people who can be harmed by deflationary BTC are people who voluntarily choose to take out loans denominated in BTC and accept the associated risk.
It's deflation of traditional currencies that you should be scared of, because of all the unfathomably massive amounts of debt denominated in traditional currencies. Luckily, we seem unlikely to ever see that scenario.
Another argument some people make in favor of inflationary currency is that it would cause people to get paid more every year, which makes us motivated and happy. This argument depends on wages rising to compensate for the currency's loss of value. The historical data regarding inflation and wages simply do not support this theory, so I view it as irrelevant in both the realms of traditional monetary systems and cryptocurrencies.