@_author: brnitschke
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:29:32
Thank you. 
I only said ELI5 because it seems to be used pretty commonly around reddit to explain something without having to be intimately familiar with a subject matter. I didn't mean to really talk to me like I'm 5 years old. 
I have read a bit of the news. But my time is limited. I only watch the market caps and price because it's the easiest way I can keep an eye on how they are all trending. 
I just wanted to better understand what happened today and find out from people whom I figured would know if this is normal. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 20:08:22
I think this is the problem with the BTC community. It acts like Bitcoin can fix all the financial malfeasance that everyone dislikes in some auto non-regulated way. I think that's hopeful thinking at best, and blind stupidity at worst. Traditional baking will probably always exist, even if crypto currency replaces paper fiat. Also tell me when Jesus returns to eliminate human avarice and corruption (/s) . 
Why not focus instead on Bitcoins actual strengths... The guy who held up a QR code in a crowd and found people had transfered 50k worth of BTC to his wallet is a pretty amazing features that you can't replicate with USD or even traditional banking. That is a pretty impressive feature. There are plenty of other great features that should be branded over the misnomers we see often around here. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:21:27
Social engineering is usually the best vector of attack. The hacker calls the site employees, or customer service for the hosting companies, or anyone else that does private business with said site. The hackers then pretends to be someone they are not and employs social engineering tactics (act confused but sincere about the security questions, or irate if that doesn't work) to get the info they want (CC billing info, email address, other private info). Then the hacker uses the info to either domain hijack or exploit password recovery services. 
The more hacky way of doing things is to pen test the site for vulnerabilities and exploit them to get access. Sometimes the hacker gets lucky and credentials are easy to guess or left default. Other times software hasn't been patched for known vulnerabilities and then the hacker just needs to exploit the hole.
There are other more technical ways of hacking, but the above covers the most common, AFAIK. 
@_date: 2014-01-27 03:24:01
I hear what you're saying, and I think instant/free online transactions is an awesome capability of crypto currency.
But we are talking about banks. AFAIK all your bit-coins are stored in a wallet file located on your personal computer. This is the technology version of storing your money/gold under your mattress. One day I think people are going to want to store them in online (cloud) based banks. Those banks are going to have all kinds of rules/regulations that determine how they operate and make money. 
When that happens, how do we know the stuff HSBC is doing won't happen with Bitcoin banks?
I'm really not trying to knock crypto currency. I think it's awesome! I'm just trying to better understand it.
@_date: 2014-01-25 18:34:50
Question from someone who is excited about crypto currency, but hasn't really participated yet. 
Why are banks incompatible with Bitcoin? Couldn't the same model be used to store people's BTC for them and allow them the same features? Accrued interest, cloud based access to your wallet, security, etc? 
Basically I'm wondering how BTC is immune (long term) to the malfeasance of banks like HSBC? 
@_date: 2014-01-26 15:48:43
This is exactly the type of thing I saw as being a potential way for bitcoin banks to exist. Or instead of paper notes (BRN) the loaned currency could be other crypto currency (Litecoin or Dogecoin). The point is, not having enough BTC in reserve could easily be worked around if bit-banks had other 'notes' of value to lend. Right? 
So my point goes back to how does crypto currency really solve any of the problems HSBC has been in the news lately for? e.g. trading with drug lords or making it difficult for their account holders to access their funds. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 15:48:29
Any solution will have pros and cons. I think people get caught up looking for the *perfect* solution, without realizing perfection is highly subjective. Why not first identify what problem needs to be solved, then rate solutions based on the most pro for said solution and least cons? 
It sounds to me like OP wants:
* To make Bitcoin more self servant and better able to protect and grow itself.
* To better disperse power and development across the ecosystem. 
* Reduce corruption and increase transparency. 
Unless I missed something, lets break those down and focus on what will accomplish that best.
IMO true democracy has problems with apathetic and mischievous voters. The troll just wants to watch the world burn, and the uninformed/uninterested voter can be bought or manipulated to cause serious problems with a project that others have put a lot of effort into. This can have disastrous consequences when the producers back away because others are shitting all over the their baby. 
The Plutocracy has problems with people making decisions based on profit yields that can seriously harm the system they are harvesting in. This also works against the producers because they build something that works and is successful and the Plutarch comes along and wants to liqudate or sell off important parts of the system to make a buck and the producer watches their baby get turned into a cheap whore. Finally, you sometimes (often) get Plutarchs who know very little about the business having the most say about the business. They wield the money so they make the decisions and its hard to see how that can be good for the system.
Lets consider a Meritocracy for a moment. This system can be susceptible to megalomaniacs, and eccentricity. But may fit what OP is going for the best. 
BetterMeans is almost there. I am not familiar enough with it to know, but if it gave more weight to contributers who produced more and more at each stage of the project, I could see it working well with a Meritocracy.
@_date: 2014-01-26 14:55:51
This thread follows the line of my question very closely.
I understand that the nature of a bitcoin is each unit is unique and with current computer technology, virtually impossible to counterfeit. So that alone makes it pretty damn superior to fiat. Then there is the frictionless transaction and simi anonymous nature of it that is also appealing. 
That all aside, I didn't really think crypto currency is incompatible with traditional baking, I just didn't know enough about it to challenge people here talking like it was the solution to the wrong doings we see with HSBC. I wanted to know how bitcoin would somehow prevent humans from abusing the system in the same or similar way. 
One thing I'm seeing is bitcoin really is like a marrying of fiat currency with a physical commodity like gold. Nobody can 'replicate' gold. But it's also heavy, takes up space, and therefore can't be stored or transferred from one party easily and quickly. This is where bitcoin really shines.
However I'm not sure it is immune to the financial industry finding a way to chop up its value and 'loan' that value out the way they do with physical dollars. After all, who does most of their purchasing in physical dollars anymore, anyway? 
Thanks to everyone for helping me understand better! 
@_date: 2014-12-27 03:20:43
I don't really know all the ins and outs of how the exchanges work. But Bitcoin users do like to get dollars still. To do that they still have to deal with the traditional financial industry. Banks and big credit could very easily make things very hard on BTC. I don't see how Putin turning to crypto would be good for BTC when what we are seeing is the combined weight of geopolitical backdraft happening in real time. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 17:34:54
I don't really think crypto currency is incompatible with traditional banking and finance. I just wanted to know why the Bitcoin community thought bitcoin was immune to the problems of banking as described in the original article. 
@_date: 2015-01-30 02:46:58
What I don't understand is why don't some of the other big social/data folks snatch up Reddit for half a billion? Didn't Microsoft recently pay billions for Minecraft? 500 mil is nothing to Google, Facebook, Twitter, hell, even Yahoo, AOL, or Microsoft. Imagine if AOL tried to reinvent itself through a purchase of Reddit? 
I'm not saying they would do any of the great aforementioned ideas well, in a way that would resonate with users. But they could have an easy shot at something with great potential. 
So what stops them? The reddit user base has to be on the radar for these guys when you get a sitting POTUS to sign in. Reddit must have gotten offers. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 13:05:45
My thought exactly. Infomercials always create problems nobody really has which they then try to solve for you with their products. 
I expected more from this article than just a, "logos aren't important. let us reinvent the logo" drivel. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 14:41:16
Wow, such friendly gesture! :) 
I know Dogecoin seems to get a bad rap around here. But I think the fluidity and easy going spirit of y'all is helpful to giving crypto currency greater traction. After all, is it not a safe way for noobs to get their hands wet with crypto currency in a light hearted way? We all started with monopoly money and Chuck E Cheese tokens as kids. At least Doge provides a larger community, closer experience to other crypto currencies and has real world value. 
I'd love to see the BTC community realize that any crypto currency win is a win for them. 