@_author: bro-come-on
@_date: 2013-09-15 03:46:36
Agree with you- I honestly thought the same thing. 
@_date: 2013-09-15 04:02:53
you keep saying these guys failed to provide proof because of 'incompetence' rather than pre-planned intention of deception. They actually claimed to have assembled boards and working code, and they claimed these boards were solo-mining at a rate of 2TH which is at least 1000 individual ASIC chips connected to board. They claimed this multiple times so it's not exactly a 'slip of the tongue' (side note: you should NOT be solo mining with a hash-rate of 2TH, and solo mining means it is harder to independently verify they are really mining at the rate they claim) 
There was a very simple set of proof which was requested, and subsequently promised,if you read the history you will see this to be true.
Either 1) Bitcoin address 2) Photo of assembled unit would have been xtremely simple to show. They did not show. This is the lower bounds of 'proof' and if you compare it to the wealth of technical info which was shown by Bitfury you'd still be taking a 'relative' gamble
They promised but they did not show, they have also said they will send chips for verification and update website with hashing meter. None of it has been delivered
No more excuses. That is beyond incompetence. You cannot claim you have working boards sending data to the blockchain (which by the way has already been parsed- guess who has not found a block yet?) and then show blank chips and pcb. Not acceptable. 
They said they won't even show any more pics now wtf.. even suggesting investors to wait 6 more weeks.?  Is this all just a big joke to them. They are well aware what was needed and if it wasn't delivered the price would tank. People brought up and got burned hard. I believe anyone who promotes them at this stage has ulterior motives.
If you wanna invest in this. I can't stop you but please please read and take precaution 
@_date: 2013-09-15 04:06:49
Labcoined will be the next one