@_author: brocube
@_date: 2014-03-28 07:21:46
Whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean "you people"? Like, Canadians? Oh, well geez, sorry about our accent, eh.
^((you read this in a Canadian accent)^\)
^^\(Thank ^^you ^^for ^^the ^^tip, ^^kind ^^adventurer)
@_date: 2014-02-14 06:31:10
There is a super long string of random numbers and letters, that when computers do weird math to them called decryption, become a completely different set of numbers and letters. This string is divided up into sections, or blocks, and everyone puts their computers together to try and do the very complex math to decrypt each block. Once they successfully decrypt a block, everyone is awarded a certain amount of Bitcoins, like points, that get divided up among all the people. The more you contributed to the math, the more Bitcoins you get. These coins are assigned to your personal unique wallet code, and you can trade them or sell them at will. This whole process is called mining, because it's kind of like digging up gold.
The catch is that as more people join in to help decrypt, the math automatically gets harder, and your shares become lower as the same amount of coins are divided up between more people. This happens so it never gets faster to get coins for everyone, Bitcoins come out at a steady and predictable rate. Also, over time, less coins are awarded per block. This creates scarcity of Bitcoins, and one day all of the Bitcoins will be mined.
The reason Bitcoins have value is the same reason anything on earth has value; people choose to give it value. It costs real money to mine Bitcoins, in the cost of computer equipment and electricity, so that gives it a base cost. From there, scarcity and demand increases price. Widespread adaption in various businesses, separation from central banking, and general cool-factor have driven the price up to what it is at now.
@_date: 2014-03-28 02:17:21
Yesterday I bought my very first bitcoins... with irl coins. A friend of mine was selling and I decided to finally buy. Unbeknownst to him, I had a couple hundred bucks of rolled loonies and toonies (Canadian, eh), which I clunked down on the table in front of him after our cellphones made the trade. They weighed like, a good three or four pounds. I think the only person who was grumpier about it than him was our waitress, carrying a handful of coins back to the register.
Support my reign of terror - 1MdvZcLH7aGR9W3LDSFsknSNpeCuPYhASK
@_date: 2017-05-25 03:53:13
Forgive me if this is a common (or negative) trend on this board, but the recent surge of bitcoin reminded me that I actually have some and I'm looking to sell. However, it's been years since I've even thought about cryptocurrencies and I don't have a clue how to go about doing that. For reference, I'm Canadian and my coin is in a Multibit wallet. Does anyone have a link to a guide that can show me how I can sell?