@_author: brocklanders34
@_date: 2014-05-12 23:26:57
We need to support these kinds of up and coming, aspiring politicians. Everyone on Reddit realizes what a shit-show mainstream politics is, and we bitch about it all the time. Now we need to start doing something. We need to support people like Kevin. 
EVEN IF you don't agree with every position he makes, just mentally compare him to the typical old politician who barely understands what the fucking internet is, thinks all drugs are evil and thinks the world is 3000 years old or whatever. Let's not bicker and become divided. We need to MAKE shit change, it will not happen unless we fucking make it happen.
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:04:36
Interesting. Thanks for the link.
@_date: 2014-07-06 02:27:46
I think the fact that the dollar is failing is secondary to the fact that bitcoin simply out performs the fiat dollar in every way. 
An inferior anything can only stand next to a superior thing for so long. 
@_date: 2014-07-06 21:16:50
What examples are there from history where 'bad money drives out good money' that are analogous to the present situation with bitcoin? The only thing that I can think of that is similar is a barter system of trade being replaced with a standardized currency. This happened because there were so many advantages to a standard currency. It was just better.
One thing that is clear with history is that when a new invention/idea/approach is developed and it is undeniably superior, it eventually gains adoption even if it goes against the interests of the powerful. Sometimes it takes a long time, sometimes many people die, but I can't think of an example of something truly superior that was successfully suppressed for any great length of time (unless something even better came along, or people didn't really want the thing for whatever reason).
The question then is whether something even better than bitcoin will come along? *Is* it truly better (I think it is)? Can the companies with an interest in fiat mitigate their shortcomings fast enough to satisfy people, so they don't have to turn to a crypto at all? 