@_author: brodie268
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:12:41
Sorry, I've got a few questions.
I hear people say you have to stand around waiting 10 minutes for confirmation every time you buy something. Is that true? That would be really annoying.
What do Bitcoin ATM's do? Do you put in cash and then it makes a new address, puts money onto it, and prints the private key? Or do you like, give it your address and it puts money onto it for you? Or something completely different. [](/c09)
I'm about to get the Android app 'Mycelium', I hope questions about that are allowed.
I'm being picky, but why does it need permission for "accounts on the device / profile data"? I know I'm trusting the app with my money, but it shouldn't need my contacts, right? (And I know I'm not "trusting" it because you can get the source code, but still what does it use that permission for?)
If someone sends me money, will it make a noise or something if I'm connected to the internet? Wait, I just realised something even more important for me. Is the app going to use up all my phone data? Or can I leave the net connection off, until I'm going to buy something with it?
Thanks for your help!
EDIT: You guys have been a big help, I'll be buying some bitcoins and giving it a go now!
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:42:28
Alright, thanks a bundle for clearing that up! I heard there was a Bitcoin atm right near where I live, so I thought it would finally be time to get into the whole thing, but not after a few inquiries.
One more question about the blockchain, you say you believe Mycelium connects to a server, and other apps connect to the blockchain; does that mean Mycelium's not fully decentralised if it relies on one server? Also, with the default bitcoin clients, are they checking a server at blockchain.info, or do they get the blockchain from a bunch of people somehow?
This is all really interesting, thanks for your time! :)
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:46:51
Ah okay, I had the idea that the 'blockchain' was just hosted on blockchain.info and that was the only place anyone would get the blockchain from, but I sort of knew that would make it centralised. That also explains for me why some clients download the blockchain, and some don't have to.
Cheers!