@_author: brokenmusic
@_date: 2016-04-14 20:55:29
Suppose it's year 1800. Can you find me a case in history where a country without slaves was successful? Who's going to pick the cotton, man?
@_date: 2016-04-14 20:51:20
Rule of law is a meaningless concept. America has this rule of law, but it also has the highest percentage of prison population in the world. Another thing is that in a third world country you'd bribe a judge to secure the outcome, but in the US you'd need an expensive lawyer - in both cases it's the question of money and law is hardly applied equally to everyone.
@_date: 2014-07-03 11:39:03
I just can't say some governments are better than others, because I view them all as a bunch of criminals running extortions on certain territories. Some of them may *look* more innocent than others, but that's about as far as it gets.
@_date: 2014-03-10 23:19:54
An opensource payment gateway. Don't want Coinbase or BitPay (and, thus, IRS) to be in control of my coins and even know how many I have. Don't want to deal with the blockchain myself. Want an easily installable local payment gateway that I can run from the same machine and which my webapp would use to process payments.
Please hit me up if you want to talk about it more. And don't do it in PHP.
@_date: 2014-05-07 12:34:39
Nope, I don't invent definitions. Regulation means applying force to prevent businesses operating until government demands are met. For example, when government regulates cab industry, it prohibits anyone from driving people in cars for money unless they have an expensive licence. If someone tries to do it, he will end up paying a huge fine or in jail.
Whatever government "regulates" it applies force or a threat of force for not complying. Consumers have no choice but to use products and services allowed on the market by government. If government didn't use the the threat of force to prevent businesses from operating, they wouldn't be regulating, but rather simply informing consumers that such and such business is not approved by government, but is still allowed to operate and you are free to use it at your own risk. This never happens.
Regulation is force and extortion, period.
@_date: 2014-11-01 22:01:11
Yes, I'd like to let anyone who wants to, to visit my country and I would also like to go anywhere I want without a piece of paper. Statistically, the number of criminals, bad guys and assholes is roughly the same in every nation, so let anyone who wants to visit - visit. If someone wants to stay and live - please, do so. It is none of my business to tell anyone where they should live, unless it is my property we're talking about.


Exactly. Realize that passports are instruments of oppression. They limit your options of where you can go. We want to build a free world here, not the one where they do surveillance on you and consider you to be a tax cow.
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:08:46
If he was at the CFR instead of Gavin, he'd scare the shit out of those people.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:37:07
Well, you're payin taxes. Why would it be worse to pay these same money (or maybe even less) not to the government, but to a company? You can stop paying immediately if you dislike the service. Can you stop paying to a government?
@_date: 2014-04-28 15:34:13
You are legitimizing theft and atrocities governments do by voting. Don't vote.
@_date: 2014-11-02 08:31:22
Passports do not prevent the spread of disease. I've recently landed in Thailand and they have a checkpoint where they watch passenger's temperature through a scanner. People just pass by and if a doctor suspects this person has a fever, he may be stopped. Does not matter who that person is: thai national or not. Passports would do nothing to help.
@_date: 2014-01-06 22:41:31
I can setup such a website in 10 minutes. No info who is doing it.  Just an address to donate BTC. And, additionally, we haven't even seen a release of Zerocoin itself. Fishy as fuck.
@_date: 2014-08-27 10:22:13
Fuck you. The only scumbags around are the feds.
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:41:40
My very short point is this: if you threaten people to take their money away from them and then claim you help the poor with the money you stole, this still makes you a robber. If you want to help the poor, start by making money yourself and then giving them away. If you take money away by force from others who made them honestly, for whatever reason, it's robbery.
@_date: 2014-07-02 09:22:20
Extremism? Well, I don't know how about you, but I give 0 fucks about what people may label me. I try to avoid paying as much in taxes as possible, because I certainly am not fond of funding killing people, and especially children, in bloody wars. I'm not fond of imprisoning people for smoking and selling pot. And certainly I'm against taxation in general. You can call it extremism. I prefer to call not having blood on my hands.
@_date: 2014-08-16 03:24:35
Inside job? Depends on what you mean by it. I'm saying the feds took Gox creditor's money and gagged everyone so no one can speak up and say the truth.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:20:08
But it doesn't have to be systemic. It could simply be a single patch in the client clearly affecting only certain addresses that would allow to recover coins from Gox's cold storage. As was suggested, this would be an exception. Lot's of people lost their savings on Gox and the Bitcoin community could really shine here by accepting such a hard fork.
@_date: 2014-05-20 07:09:16
I don't think the author meant he was implementing it on the Bitcoin blockchain. My understanding is that he uses the idea of blockchain to build something for git.
@_date: 2014-01-30 22:29:07
Very well, now we're coming to the most important part: facts and logical arguments of why states are categorically evil institutions.
Let's first turn to the logical argument detached from any evidence. Let's assume we are now talking about modern democracy with honest elections, human rights and freedom of speech. Why is it categorically evil? To understand that we must first look at the incentives that are created, not at the stated intentions. When you elect a politician for whatever reason, it means he stays in the office for the next n years and unless he does something really really awful (AND is unable to hide it), he's not going to be fired and he's gonna keep his salary. If an elected official doesn't keep his promises he is not punished in any way, especially on the second term (if we talk about presidents). That means, that there is no basic market feedback mechanism between those who elected the official and said politician. Thus this whole system essentially relies on the good will of those who are elected. And who does this system attracts the most? Obviously, those who tell people the truth will not be elected, because a liar will always win on the promise of a better life. Thus, most elected officials would probably turn out to be very skilled liars rather than honest people. Now, since those elected liars are in a position from which it is very difficult to remove them, they can start profiting from it by doing favors to companies who are willing to pay them. There is almost no incentive for them to keep serving people's interests in this position and all the incentive in the world to serve corporate interests.  And that's a great business for all except the taxpayers: what happens is, a company invests $100k to bribe a politician, the politician then uses $1m of taxpayers money to guarantee some kind of regulation/licensing that would prevent competition on the market and then the said company makes $10m. Politician doesn't spend a cent, a company only spends $100k but makes even more later. Only the taxpayers pay. There is no mechanism to prevent this kind of thing from happening. Courts are also bought in the same manner - when shit hits the fan - but most times no one ever uncovers those shady deals. Thus, simply saying "but the system is SUPPOSED to work" doesn't make it magically work. The mechanism just isn't there. The fact that some small european countries have relatively uncorrupt governments proves nothing, because they rely not on the mechanism but on the good will and traditions of their people.
Another fundamental problem with the mechanism is that no matter who is elected and no matter how he performs, taxes are gonna be collected. People cannot opt out. It's like when an ISP comes over to your house and says "We're gonna give you the internet and you would have to pay for it. If you don't, we're gonna charge your bank account even more for your disobedience and if you keep doing it, you'll go to jail. You can't cancel your subscription and the quality of the service is going to be up to us. You can subscribe to another ISP, but you would still have to pay us AND that provider."
Even if we assume that politicians only do good things, a thing to remember is that in order for a politician to do good things, he must first get power. In order for a business to make money and get some degree of power, it must first do good - invest money and produce a product or offer a service - and convince customers to try that product or service and keep using it. Thus, a business has a track record of performance, while a politician, despite his grand promises, may simply turn out to be ineffective and you won't know until after the election.
Now let's get back to some facts. I'm not going to bore you with a lot of statistics, so let me just present to you a simple statement which you can yourself judge to be true or false. No terrorist, even the most bloodiest and angriest one and no corporation, however greedy, over its lifetime had never managed to kill and imprison as many people as an average state managed to kill and imprison in 5-10 years. So, empirically, states are evil. There are exceptions, but I don't understand how you can see all the misery, wars and maldistribution of wealth in the world caused by states and still think a state is a good or even neutral idea.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:01:00
I think if Gox is gone, then the value of Bitcoins can go down for quite a while substantially due to the loss of trust in the Bitcoin economy. It might be in the miners interest to make such an exception.
@_date: 2014-05-07 10:54:20
People like this will use every chance to attack you. Hey, bitch, I lost money on MtGox and I don't want regulations. If not for the regulations, government monopoly on law and courts, I would at least already have the remainings of my money from Gox.
What we want is independent audit, not regulations. No one forced me to keep money on Gox. Unlike you, I face consequences of my actions and don't go and call for the nanny state.
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:22:42
Please read my other reply to you: most private schools wouldn't cost as much as they do now if government wasn't providing this service already.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:51:34
I'm pro-systems as well. The short answer to your question is that government is a monopoly, which is hard to escape (you can't just leave as easily according to an advice people usually give you in such cases). The idea is to have things that are currently done by government be done by various market players - and that is all. Introduce competition into all markets, be it law, education or police protection.
In the soviet union almost everything was public owned. People couldn't imagine otherwise. These days governments around the world generally don't own everything, however they still do a lot of things. There is nothing there that says it can't be done by private companies cheaper, more effective and be affordable to everyone.
@_date: 2014-07-04 04:17:09
I don't care about the source. If you believe any government in any country has your or any other average citizen's best interest in mind, you're not relying on logic in your judgement.
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:37:58
It's not that we believe it, it's that we use
1) evidence 2) logic
(liberals usually reside to using only (1), and that's a dangerous thing, since statistics without applying logic to it can be perverted to support anything)
So far, any deregulated industry showed amazing growth, reduction of prices and growing quality of service. Take airlines. Or your favorite example you're sending us to all the time - Somalia. In Somalia, you have [the fastest and cheapest internet and mobile network IN THE WORLD]( Why? No government and lots of competition.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:59:31
It's just that every time you talk to non-libertarians they are like "but without the government it won't work because [some completely ridiculous situation]". When you reply with a solution, they again come up with numerous other possible ways this can fail. Of course this can fail! Anything can fail. A government-paid policeman can stop you, suspect you have drugs and force you to have a colonoscopy and shit in front of a group of doctors... because he said so... and then not be fired for that (actually happened).
Historically, governments' track record of failures is astonishing. And an average government over the course of, say, 10 years, kills more people than the bloodiest angriest terrorist. Something to keep in mind. No single individual or business is able to fund wars or mass incarceration on a scale a government can. Because government steals money from everyone. Even the most skilled thieves cannot do such things on that scale.
@_date: 2014-04-28 21:42:48
If you don't trust kids' own parents to educate them, how can you trust some people in a government, who know nothing about those particular kids and who do not have any stake whatsoever in their well being, decide things for them? Governments are not some magical things, you know. They consist of people. People who may be just as bad as your potential abusive parents. Only a parent still most likely cares about his kid, while government doesn't give a damn.
I for one would like to educate my kids at home and teach them why anarchy is good, while statism is bad. Would you say I don't have any right to do it? Do I suddenly become an abusive parent if I simply want the best for my kids?
I'm not saying anarchy solves all problems. But I see far more danger in a centralized brainwashing machine which sucks in kids while their brains are very young and teaches them a bunch of nonsense so that they cannot imagine who, except for the government, can build roads and enforce order.
Don't like what parents are teaching their kids? Convince the parents. Can't convince? Convince others not to deal with these people and isolate them until they change their mind. But you have no right to touch their kids. If someone tried to take my kids away from me, he wouldn't be happy, I can promise you that.
@_date: 2014-06-11 15:05:19
True. But how about warning me about this explicitly and on the website while I'm booking it? Not when I'm arriving.
@_date: 2014-06-20 09:06:47
You can't have proofs with government. It's idiotic to even consider the possibility щf ever getting one. If you manage to obtain some sort of proof of wrongdoing by the government, they will kill you, gag you or destroy the proof. They're like mafia, but with more connections and power. Karpeles was framed. He may not be an angel, but you have to be insane to believe he would steal all the coins in his right mind and hope to get out alive.
The only reason he walks now is because "Mafia" protects him.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:24:58
Whatever definition you attribute to the word "regulation", you have to agree that government regulations are inherently different from internal company regulations.
When a private school decides on the uniform for its students, it doesn't force people to become its students. Parents voluntarily decide to send their children there.
When a private company, say a supermarket, decides on certain standards for products it sells, it doesn't force anyone to shop. There's competition, people can still go to a different supermarket and buy things they want at a competitor's store.
Government doesn't give people choice. It says "fuck you all who disagree, obey or be thrown in jail. Or vote once in 4 years (ain't gonna change shit, you poor fuck, haha)".
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:09:19


Anyone. You have private property - you hire a protection agency to police it. Same for neighborhoods.




Not necessarily. If someone who is not a customer of your protection agency is robbed on your property, wouldn't you want your protection agency to catch the robber, so that next time he doesn't rob you?


Of course, why not?


Why should I prove it? You are the one advocating applying force to extract taxes. Shouldn't you be proving that government is efficient? If anything, government is super inefficient at everything it touches. It becomes painfully obvious when it tries to go into industries free market is already established in. It can keep the myth that it is efficient because in some industries it keeps a tight grip, is a monopolist and prevents anyone from easily entering the market, so it cannot be easily seen how government is inefficient - cos you have nothing to compare it with.
@_date: 2014-03-08 14:42:59
What I don't understand is, if this is indeed a withdrawal, then why is the site down? Does it mean some elite customers get to withdraw while everyone else cannot? And if so, why transmit this over their API instead of hiding it?
Could it be that they are stress testing the system, simply withdrawing to their own addresses?
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:47:37
Did anyone force you to participate in the Bitcoin network? Did anyone threatened to take more money away from you if you don't buy some bitcoins? Did anyone threatened you with jail if you don't participate in the Bitcoin network? Cos you know, those are the things that happen if you decide not to pay taxes.
@_date: 2014-07-04 08:47:17
Good one.
@_date: 2014-06-20 09:09:00
Agreed. It amazes me when people start talking about jurisdictions and laws that would prevent governments from doing such things. Are you kidding me? Government is  criminal doing all sorts of illegal things through loopholes and sometimes other criminals. Can't  sell weapons to Nicaragua freedom fighters? No problem bro, hire smugglers to do the job.
@_date: 2014-07-02 20:51:46
"everyone to agree" does not equal "everyone forced to agree". You can't convince people, therefore you want to use power to build a society you want to live in. Very egoistic, I think.
@_date: 2014-01-17 14:47:48
What do you need a government for, even an honest one? And, how can a government be honest by definition if they extort taxes from people by threatening them with various repercussions?
@_date: 2014-01-17 18:17:09
No no, you got it wrong. Submitting to a smaller force also lowers your chances of dying. The crucial difference is that with a smaller force you have a much better bargaining position, whatever course of action you take.
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:47:18
No it doesn't. Is that convincing enough? I just said so, so it must be true.
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:38:46
And who would use this exchange, knowing they can be goxxed again? No, if any trust is to be recovered, bitcoins should be returned.
@_date: 2014-08-20 10:11:43
Ethereum at least has the actual code written. What are you talking about?
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:04:05
Honestly, I kept most of my coins on my wallet. At some point I decided, alright, let's risk a little bit, I'll make more and then withdraw. Gox was the oldest exchange with the most volume and volatility, nice software (GoxGui, RTBTC) and no verification requirements at the time. So I chose to use it.
@_date: 2014-05-07 12:56:25
It may not always be corrupt and it may benefit SOME consumers. But don't pretend that all consumers would always agree to a certain regulation. And if not, then what right do you have to impose your preference on other consumers who may not share your preference?
@_date: 2014-05-07 10:47:46
Maybe, stop having a government?
@_date: 2014-07-02 06:24:29
Oh, I expect them to do exactly this. I expect thieves to steal. "Illegal" activity. Yeah.
@_date: 2014-03-09 12:19:00
I think most people here don't hope to get their money back. But what you're saying is factually wrong. 1. They didn't file for bankruptcy, but for civil rehabilitation 2. They didn't close down, they suspended operations and their withdrawal API is still working.
Get your facts straight. Your post is pure emotions.
@_date: 2014-06-30 05:52:54
Even then it takes only ~4k BTC to get to $650, not 30k as you stated. And then you can go look at the depth chart again and see how many coins you can buy up to the price of $2k.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:06:40
Maybe, only maybe, it is worth posting some actual arguments and not just opinion.
@_date: 2014-01-30 07:40:52
So I were living in such a zone and was afraid of someone outside coming and conquering me, I would probably start looking for those who would be able to sell me a defense service. Obviously, it wouldn't only be me who needs such a service, but most people in the zone would agree, thus there would be a demand (there is a problem with free riders in this specific case of national defense, and there are a number of solutions to it that do not require government, but I'm going to leave this out of discussion for now). So let's say we all chipped in and hire a defense company.
First thing to understand is that it shouldn't have to be a military in a classic sense. Our goal is to avoid violence by all means, not fight a bloody war. So the best solution to the problem would probably require making any invasion potentially costly to the invader. For example, one can imagine designing an equivalent of a Soviet death hand that would work on its own. Or, another option, is to dig dirt on politicians from powerful hostile countries and to release in the case of conflict. This is very similar to what Edward Snowden did and this is the reason he's still alive: the secrets he hasn't revealed are much more damaging than the ones he had. I like this latter solution with digging dirt (and where there is a politician, there's always something to dig) because it doesn't involve violence or any kind of military. In fact, both options I suggested do not require any kind of traditional military, but rather experts in their fields. Thus these kinds of solutions do not have the potential to turn into oppressive regimes against its own people.
Then, you can also incentivize politicians from hostile countries to do business with you, thus decreasing the chances of them attacking you. This is even better, in my opinion, but I think the realistic scenario of defense involves both positive and protective measures.
Finally, you should understand why politicians, kings or other kinds of rulers have power over their people; there are two components to it: propaganda and force. They lie and convince with their lie or they repress those who don't believe them and throw them in jail. Take one component out and you have no state. People in those free zones would mostly be people who understand the value of liberty and freedom. Thus, it would be next to impossible to lie to them and convince them they need a ruler, much like these days you can't convince anyone that slavery is actually a good idea. So you'd be left with force. But the problem is, you wouldn't be able to afford a lot of it, because you'd be paying for any force you would wish to use out of your own pocket (compare it to any action of an average state these days: police and military are paid by the taxpayers, yet act in the interests of the elites in suppressing regular people).
Hope this explained the issue.
@_date: 2014-07-02 23:37:25
Alright. Guys. Stop it. I understand there are two things you can mean by deflation and inflation. Some people prefer the price increase/decrease meaning. Some (primarily Austrian economists) prefer the increase/decrease of money supply meaning.
I understand that in the second sense Bitcoin is still inflationary, but at some point it will cease to be that. In the same sense, we can also agree that Bitcoin is more deflationary (or less inflationary) than other currencies.
Hope this settles it.
@_date: 2014-01-23 16:20:51
Government issued passports + Bitcoin? No thank you.
@_date: 2014-01-29 05:49:17
Oh, cmon, was it REALLY that believable? I think I am now ready to start trolling @_date: 2014-05-07 15:01:25
Who discovered the remaining coins? Was it the court and the police or the community? In the absence of government courts and police Mark would be much more afraid for his own person and more incentivized to return the money.
The situation we currently have is that government is going to waste everyone's time (a year or so) to liquidate and probably sell all of the coins. As if it wasn't enough for me to be robbed by Karpeles, now we have officials willing to rip everyone off for the second time. Yeah, totally, gotta luv government courts.
Rehab plans currently offered by private investors may not be perfect, but note how all of them intend to conduct audit asap, within 3 month or so, and then immediately return the remainder of the coins. Much better than what the court is planning to do.
@_date: 2014-08-11 11:00:52
I like it how statists avoid commenting in these threads while anarchists avoid commenting in the pro-regulation/taxation threads. Don't know about you guys, but I see a clear separation, our community is divided and I don't know if it's good or bad. Probably good because people thought that as Bitcoin goes mainstream, the crazy libertarians would just become irrelevant and it didn't happen so far.
@_date: 2014-07-29 11:03:25
It's not due to centralization. It's due to the fact that Bitcoin exchanges do not suck government dicks, like your average bank does, and thus have to comply fully and completely to avoid a government agency coming and seizing assets - probably exactly what happened to MtGox.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:48:36
You can't help these poor people while you yourself have greedy sociopaths trying to bite your ass. Put the oxygen mask on yourself first, then help your child. Does that make sense?
@_date: 2014-01-29 05:26:36
If you believe that a law is unjust and government shouldn't have had that law, but if you also believe that government is justified to act on that law you have a logical inconsistency. It's like saying "oh, well, we have that law that makes it legal to enslave africans and it's awful, but, you know, since it's a law, government is justified to catch and punish those who escape".
@_date: 2014-01-30 21:17:52


That's only because those are the only deals they have at the moment.


I agree with that part about acquiring a land. Indeed this is a very difficult part, but again, given enough money and willpower, it will become possible. I can't tell you exactly how. Maybe it will start as a protectorate, maybe some other way. I don't know. What I know is that it is inevitable. And the question everyone should be asking, which side of history do I want to be on?
If your argument is simply that "bad guys will prevail therefore I'll be on the side of the bad guys" then I have nothing more to add. If your argument is that "bad guys are not actually that bad" then, well, that only holds true until you experience something that changes your personal perspective and I also have nothing more to add.
The fact that some states are better than others doesn't change the fact that they are evil institutions. Just like a nice slave owner who only beats his slaves once a week instead of doing it everyday is still a slave owner.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:47:59
The question of course, is whether we manage to convince the majority. If yes, then you'd have to either use our blockchain or, essentially, lose money by using your fork.
@_date: 2014-01-01 14:45:55
Fake domain name. Fake site. Nice try.
@_date: 2014-07-02 08:18:07
Let me get this straight. Even though drug laws and war on drugs and drug prohibition are immoral, enforcing the law is moral and confiscating money as a result of applying the immoral law is moral?
@_date: 2014-07-05 03:36:57
Yeah, such free market. GOVERNMENT appointed trustee signs GOVERNMENT legal papers to pay these money and the GOVERNMENT court does nothing to stop it.
@_date: 2014-08-12 15:49:40
Lol, the "legal" category avatar.
Also, I like your style. "Never spam me with your site news or info letters, you hear me, never!" option on registration selected by default, it speaks volumes.
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:35:00
Because goxcoins, Mr. Cyzthur, are bulletproof.
@_date: 2014-01-17 20:44:07
That's an improvement, but it still is flawed from a moral point of view. If you still HAVE to pay taxes then it's theft nevertheless. Imagine someone robs you on the subway but promises to spend the money he stole from you helping the poor. You would still call it a robbery, right? What makes a government different from that criminal? The fact that most people agree? Well, if all the people on the subway agreed it's a good idea to rob you, you would still call it a robbery, right? Realize, that the nature of things doesn't change if you use different words. Calling it taxation doesn't make it less of a robbery.
And it's very easy for a government to then come out and say: hey, it is us who did good. You and your tax money are only accidental to all the good that we_the_government did. And this is how they fool people into giving them more and more eventually abusing the system and failing everything. If you're from a relatively successful European country, that's great, but realize it is an exception, not a rule. Most governments are fucked up.
I truly believe that if you want to do good, you should start not by forcing people to give you money, treating them as objects; but by convincing people to do good voluntarily and treating them as individuals. If you can't convince people to help the poor, don't start thinking of them as greedy bastards. It could be you who doesn't have good enough arguments and is not convincing enough.
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:47:17
And Europe and America don't create class systems? Or maybe you would say communist and socialist states like China, USSR or even Scandinavian countries don't create class systems? How come a class system based on politics is nobler than the class system based on economics?
@_date: 2014-01-11 05:27:44
@_date: 2014-07-28 21:49:32
Internet was crap no one needed, private companies and individuals developed it into something awesome. Computers were big and expensive and ugly, private companies made them awesome. Government is not the only entity that can do research and, guess what, prior to the 20th century, it wasn't.
But who's gonna build muh roads, right?
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:52:29
And may I add that some people would respond to you with something like "and look where it got you with your drug cartel violence and corruption". The very same people who cannot speak a second language and who actually created those cartels by supporting criminalization of drugs in the US.
@_date: 2014-06-12 10:37:00
That's absolutely understandable. All I'm asking, is to state exactly how much a security deposit  is going to be and for how long is it going to be held on my credit card. And state it BEFORE I book a room. How hard could it be?
@_date: 2014-01-30 20:37:51
But they do hate Bitcoin. What makes you think it's paranoid?
@_date: 2014-05-07 11:48:05
Don't call it regulations then. Regulations is what governments do to prevent certain parties from participating in the market. Call it consumer informing and audit.
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:45:25


If a majority tomorrow decides to shoot in the head every person whose username contains the word "Milk", would you be okay with that? Better luck voting next time, man!
@_date: 2014-06-11 13:34:33
This. Holds on credit cards. It's insane. They charge me for the full stay on the checkout and then they also put a hold for an additional sum? Wtf?
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:11:34
You see, it's not people who choose. It's the psychopaths in power. People don't have any choice. Nobody asked me or anybody else whether I want to pay taxes. I just owe them. That's not a voluntary choice by any means.
If tomorrow people are given an actual real choice: have a state or have 2 bitcoins more every month, I guarantee you, the majority would choose the latter.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:42:28
You argument is completely ridiculous. If you had an imagination to come up with such a ridiculous problem I'm sure you also have an imagination to solve it without the need for a government.
@_date: 2014-01-30 01:22:56
Well, I think you assume too many things are of importance when they are not.  For example:


Why do you need someone to recognize you exist? You live your life, therefore you exist. If people like to trade with you, they will without anyone else "recognizing" you exist. If you want to travel, you travel where you are allowed to travel without a passport. If someone requires you to have a piece of paper in order to peacefully travel around, it means they don't want you around, it means they don't respect you as a person and by default believe you're a criminal.
So, stop for a moment and ask yourself how much of the things you take for granted in the world are actually just concepts you were told are important, but they are in reality not. Passports is one thing - don't you find it absolutely ridiculous that people are obliged to have them in order to travel? If that's in order to prevent criminals from entering the country, then too many of them still do it, so passports and visas are rather ineffective.
Or, say, wars. Why do they happen? Isn't it strange that they happen, when it seems it's always cheaper FOR BOTH SIDES to resolve conflicts peacefully? Really, try to answer this last question seriously: why do wars happen? If you can crack this one, you'll pull down the curtain in front of your eyes and will see the truth.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:29:00
Said who? You see, I think governments did a great job of convincing people that what you're saying is true. I think it's a much better idea to deal with freeloader problem than to fucking extract money by force. Dealing with freeloaders on demand would also be cheaper than having a huge army of IRS agents and accountants and politicians. There is not a single thing that cannot be done without a government. Come up with one and I show you how to do it without a government.
@_date: 2014-08-19 00:16:22
He sold her his pre-mined scam alt coins.
@_date: 2014-07-30 02:51:34


loled. Stop. Just stop. I don't need to teach regulators how Bitcoin works. I don't owe them anything. I don't need permission from them to use mathematics.
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:03:12
Excellent example in the link:
(1) Trinitarianism holds that three equals one.
(2) Three does not equal one.
(3) Trinitarianism is false.
Logically, it is a correct conclusion. It's all about logic. In this example it is clear to everyone that Trinitarianism misrepresents reality.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:15:01
I think those free cities will be much like Bitcoin: at first, people will be really skeptical, then they will come. The ones who go there first would indeed benefit greatly. But just like with Bitcoin, those who come later would also benefit - otherwise they wouldn't come. And then, the idea of a free land is that everyone can come. Of course, they would also have to be able to pay for themselves. And those who want badly enough to escape the governments will find a way. Others will keep believing in the idea of social contract and will continue to be fucked by the rulers. But as the more productive leave, those who remain will have less and less, obviously, and this is how the system eventually breaks.
As for the second part of the question: how do you protect such a free city from external dangers and attacks - I'd leave it to the free market. Obviously there will be a demand. The company(-ies) who'd come up with the cheapest and most effective means to protect the free city, would collect the money the willing customers are offering. I can't tell you exactly what kind of structure this protection would have since we know nothing yet about what this city might look like and where it will be situated.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:39:57
No one is talking about reversing a transaction, read the actual proposal.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:45:13
Nobody decides unilaterally. Here's what I believe to be a workable scenario:
1. Company A buys MtGox
2. It goes through its records and determines the addresses of its cold wallets, then provides evidence they indeed belonged to MtGox
3. Proposes a patch to the Bitcoin client
4. Tries to convince miners (maybe offering some extra fees) to accept the new version with this patch
 a) If it fails to convince them, then company A loses the money it spent on buying MtGox.
 b) If it manages to convince the miners, then the coins are restored, some percentage is paid to company A and the rest is returned to the MtGox customers.
This whole operation is a business enterprise. It may fail. Nobody says anyone should decide something unilaterally and centrally.
@_date: 2014-01-17 20:58:56
Actually, laws would also be provided by the free market and you would have various protection/law firms providing those laws (excellent David Friedman talks on youtube on that subject, highly recommend).
But your initial case was about a fire department not responding to a call from their customer by mistake, not about fire department not responding to a non-customer. In the first case, this can be solved by either insurance or a lawsuit requiring fire department to cover the losses.
In the case of non-customers, it would also be complicated and various options are possible, but in general, I'd say, if a person decides not to pay to protect his house from fire, that is entirely his own decision and responsibility.
@_date: 2014-02-01 05:15:28
No worries. It's like people thinking that Internet Explorer icon IS the Internet. Give them time.
@_date: 2014-03-03 08:02:11
A bit more evidence in support of the gag order theory. Just now talked to Mark on the IRC:
[11:58:44] &lt;brokenmusic&gt; One quick question Mark, if I may. Are you planning on updating the site daily from now on?
[11:59:25] &lt;MagicalTux&gt; that's not up to me
@_date: 2014-11-01 15:22:11
Passports are made to control and restrict freedom. Bitcoin opposes that. It is an absolutely stupid idea which goes against the principles of liberty and I guarantee you, not governments and especially not Bitcoin users would want that.
@_date: 2014-08-04 13:26:21
Or maybe they are more naive! You see, it's easy to call names. "You are naive, therefore you're wrong" or "The state isn't going away because you are naive". Can you see how you replaced a reasonable argument with name calling?
@_date: 2014-01-30 20:28:52
As I said, security force of a free zone doesn't have to be big and comparable in size. You've got to play smart. Find ways to defend yourself as cheaply is possible (I described a couple of options) and make any invasion more costly to an invader than peace. I believe this can be achieved.
Financial resources of an invader may indeed be larger, but remember, businesses do not operate solely in the pursuit of short-term profit. Defense company may receive a generous offer from an invader, but it also understands that by taking this offer they increase their risks: what if an invader doesn't keep the promise and doesn't pay later, what if it decides to kill them all instead? Such a defense company would have to weigh two options: have a stable stream of revenue from honest peaceful clients who invest in the future, or take a shady deal from liars and murderers, which politicians are, and accept a payment in fiat currency which loses value every day. I don't say that the choice is easy, it could be a really generous offer indeed, however I think it's also not a given that it would be easy for governments to make this shady deal. So, I say, it's gonna be an interesting time to live in.
@_date: 2014-07-05 11:42:11
If not for the government, I would at least have my 20% back right now, without having to wait a year and risking not being counted as a creditor at all! And Mark wouldn't have the luxury of walking like it never happened. That is not even talking about the possibility that this whole mess started because of the government locking MtGox funds and issuing a gag order - something I believe to be very likely looking at how everyone - not just Mark, but everyone - is silent about what has happened.
Here's what I think people should be doing. They should be asking US and Japanese govts "Were you involved in the MtGox collapse?" and if their answer is not a definite "NO" we know they were.
@_date: 2014-05-08 11:08:18
No, it forces people to pay a lot more for cabs because the industry is regulated and cab licences cost about a million each. I live in a country where cabs are not regulated. In fact, you can just raise your hand and stop any car any time of the day. Prices are generally 3 times lower than in the US, you negotiate the price beforehand and you don't have to tip the driver since all the money goes into his pocket directly anyway.
@_date: 2014-11-02 00:06:39
What you're saying is "government == laws and protection", which is simply not true. Sometimes governments do a better job of it, sometimes worse. But there's more than one way of providing laws and protection on the market. If you haven't figured it out, ask yourself how would you organize a society and provide those basic needs if you simply couldn't create a government of any kind?
I also live in a third world country and it enrages me that I have to go through the humiliating procedures of obtaining visas just to see my friends, who welcome me in their homes. I'm not visiting government officials who give me visas. I'm not asking to stay in their homes. In fact, I'm paying for a hotel and my tickets and I'm spending money in their economy which helps their citizens. Of course, they don't care about it, because they're not there to help their fellas. They're in the business of restricting freedom and making money off it.
@_date: 2014-07-02 07:51:12
Fool yourself for all you can, but Bitcoin will affect politics.
@_date: 2014-02-07 05:27:11
My prediction is that they're not gonna pay back anything to anyone, at least within the next months. They are scammers and it is rather obvious now. Sorry man, I had a lot more with them and I lost it all.
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:57:49
I'm literally bankrupt now and I don't know what to do. My family needs money and I don't know where to get them. But this made me smile.
@_date: 2014-01-19 21:00:09


A good way to think of it is to imagine that each person is a client of a private law firm, which provides a set of laws this individual prefers to live by and pays for. Of course, since there are multiple set of laws and multiple firms providing them, it means that problems may arise when there is a conflict between two clients of two different law firms. Since law firms are in business to make money and not fight in violent wars with each other (only governments can afford wars, since they are not paying for them - taxpayers do), it is conceivable that these firms would 1) negotiate and bargain on behalf of their clients 2) standardize their relationship to solve common conflicts.
An example: one, let's say a larger, group of individuals wants to ban gay marriage and become clients of an agency who offers a non-gay-marriage set of laws. Gay people, a minority, obviously want it to be legal, so they go to another agency. These two agencies meet and start to bargain. A pro-gay agency tells its clients that in order for the other agency to be okay with gay marriage, it would have to pay that other agency $100,000 dollars, because that is slightly more than the profit it would lose when anti-gay clients stop being its clients. Thus, for each gay person it would cost, say additional $10/mo. The anti-gay agency tells its clients that in order for the other agency to accept gay marriage illegality each anti-gay client would have to pay additional $5/mo, so that it could pay the agency more than it loses when gay people leave it. Thus, you get into a situation when it's a question of who outbids whom. My guess, is that in this particular gay-marriage case gay clients would outbid the majority of anti-gay-marriage clients and, thus, gay marriage would be legal. Why do I believe that would be the case? Because, if you think about it, although people are sometimes very vocal about gay marriage being a bad thing, they wouldn't put a penny on it. Generalizing, people like to teach others how to live, but not when they are paying for it out of their own pocket. This is also why voting is fundamentally a flawed concept.
For more examples and a better explanation, I highly recommend David D. Friedman's "The Machinery Of Freedom" and his talks on youtube.
@_date: 2014-01-02 19:56:41
once again, scam website, fake domain. gtfo
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:36:32
Ahh, that guy on the right, I remember him, lol.
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:54:46
Yeah, I kinda don't believe it myself. If I knew this to be true, I would never ever trust them with a penny. But it's just so inconceivable that no version control was used that I just refuse to believe that.
@_date: 2014-02-11 14:52:15
Link: 
@_date: 2014-07-29 03:04:36
It is obvious. What's not so obvious is that all of the things like laws, enforcement of contracts etc can be produced by private properties and not governments. Governments are not good at producing anything, including laws. It happens so that they need this monopoly on laws to hold their power, but it's not the most efficient way for a society to function.
All of the things you mentioned, literally all of them, can be done without government. They only reason they are not is because government says "nope, nope, you cannot do that, that's our thing only". And people grow up believing it's only government that can actually do those things. Insane.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:10:08
Your faith is unshaken, sure. But just wait, a month from now, when Gox is prosecuted publicly, you'll see how suddenly everyone's gonna scream "Bitcoin is ponzi". No one's going to want to be associated with Bitcoin. No new money - best case scenario is price stagnation for a very long time. Worst case - below $100.
So this attitude, "tough luck, Gox customers" is going to bite you in the ass, eventually.
@_date: 2014-07-02 21:01:53
Very well. What makes you think the rest of the society - a large part of it, mind you - should obey those laws? Is it because your point of view is supported by the majority? What if tomorrow the majority decides to shoot all redheads in the head. Would you also say "ahh, well, that's the new law, deal with it"?
@_date: 2014-01-29 01:07:49
Not any, only some. And also remember, when you send a transaction, the remaining of your Bitcoin from this address doesn't stay there, it is automatically sent to a new unused address in your wallet.
It's still a danger, though, since people may send you money to your original address again.
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:15:59
Help, they put in me in prison for nothing and now they give me food I have to accept it in order to survive. I must be a criminal, after all. 
@_date: 2014-07-04 08:38:45
Well, yes, you usually need BOTH facts and logic. Logic being more important because you cannot dispute it, in a mathematical sense. 2+2 is always 4. With facts and statistics it's more subtle, because it's very easy to a) dispute the source of facts or data b) present facts or data to support your point of view (as every statistician will tell you).
If you talk about government, it's best to rely on logic, because we know so little of what's going on inside. So, if you dispute my suggestion that no government cares about its citizens and most people in the government only care about themselves and their "friends", I ask you to present to me an exact mechanism which proves this isn't so. If you say democracy is the mechanism, then please explain to me, how is it that a politician elected for 4 or so years and practically impossible to fire, has incentives to help citizens and not act in his own best interests? Even if he wants to be re-elected, it'd be much easier and almost not at all risky to lie to his voters and keep doing whatever shady deals he's doing behind the scenes. Or maybe you can present me with a mechanism that allows us to elect only good, honest people?
If you can't prove logically that democracy works, no amount of facts is going to help you.
@_date: 2014-07-26 06:11:49
Show me the code
@_date: 2014-09-07 19:48:57
Also, to anyone screaming "this is stupid conspiracy theory style propaganda" I would like to ask to point out any flaws in the argumentation and provide evidence that this is in fact, not the case, that the US bullies everyone into using USD and violently deals with defectors.
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:21:00
We haven't heard anything from them for the whole week. Maybe it was already approved. I mean, why would you move anything to hot wallets if you were unsure about the plan of action? Too risky.
@_date: 2014-08-24 04:23:49
Took me a while to figure out the image on the left. Replace red lines with some other color and make central green person some other color, cos it looks like the good person in the middle is denied from sending money to anyone else.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:59:52
You have very good questions here, I seriously highly recommend you watch that video I linked to, it's 20 mins or so and it answers your questions in a rather detailed manner.
@_date: 2014-03-02 09:26:27
@_date: 2014-01-17 21:19:38
Look, I agree with the sentiment: many people in this world live shitty lives, many other people don't give a fuck about them. However, when you say many people are ignorant and only think about themselves, while they should be responsible, what makes you think YOU are right and they are the ones who are ignorant? Maybe they view you as ignorant and greedy? Who gave you the right to judge others and force them to pay money for things YOU consider to be important? I'm not saying your views are wrong, I'm just saying you don't have any moral right to force them upon other people, however ignorant they might be. Convincing is the only way. If you can't convince without applying force, your ideals must be weak.
@_date: 2014-01-17 17:47:24
It's a very simple arithmetic: a local small wannabe warlord is a lot less dangerous than a huge governmental machine that can use all the power of propaganda, spying and force on the population. You can fight a local warlord. You don't stand a chance against a government. Don't tell me that you choose to submit to a greater force you cannot fight at all because you're afraid to fight a smaller force.
@_date: 2014-02-08 19:08:22
Ahh, but government is supposed to serve the people, it can't be bad. Only corporations, who in no way can be deprived of our money we voluntarily give them, are evil.
@_date: 2014-07-03 10:41:06
*This* government? Are you implying that the US government has higher morale and is more honest/peaceful/serves its people?
@_date: 2014-01-30 18:56:49
Problem with empirical prove is that data can be interpreted to the advantage of your point of view. To make a convincing case, you have to combine evidence with logic, and logic in the case of minimum wage says it's a bad idea. That point of view, by the way, is shared not just by Austrian economists, but by pretty much all other schools including, of course, the Chicago school. Only Keynesians, as far as I understand, are not in favor of abolishing minimum wage.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:46:16
It wouldn't be perfect. But it also wouldn't have lying bastards running for office pretending that your vote counts and they actually have your interests in mind, while all they are doing is extracting taxes and pretending that it is only them (government) can do wonderful stuff like helping the poor and building the roads with that money.
@_date: 2014-08-04 10:08:48
Revolutions have been won. The end result is always another tyrant.
@_date: 2014-01-30 00:51:07
So, your justification for paying taxes is that someone might invade us, therefore we need an army? Two questions: 1) Why do you then have to pay taxes for anything other than army? 2) Why can't an army be paid for voluntarily without the threat of force?
Also, by being condescending you're certainly not adding any credibility to your point of view.
@_date: 2014-07-02 06:43:30
And that's my point. We SHOULD raise the question of whether something is morally wrong or not. Because often when ordinary people steal from others, that's not cool. When government does it, it's fine, because it says the victim did something illegal, so no problem.
If you want to really see how inconsistent and immoral governments are, look no further than HSBC. Laundered money for drug cartels. Fined for the activity, nobody went to jail and it's, essentially, customers of the bank, not bank owners, who ended up paying the fine. You see, government doesn't even enforce its own laws on everyone.
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:41:45
See, this is what they used to say about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:58:37
See, this doesn't really prove things. You're just saying "that's the way it works and if you don't like it, we're gonna fuck you up". To which I completely object. Not you, nor anyone else has the right to tell me how to spend my money I earned honestly and without robbing anyone. If you can prove me logically that it's immoral for me to not pay taxes - fine. But simply saying I have to do it is just implying that a force is to be used against me, which is simply bullying.
@_date: 2014-08-04 17:12:20


Can you provide any evidence for that? Please do not tell me about Somalia or Syria. The former is actually better off relative to its neighbors with governments and the latter has a violent state waging a war. My question is, do you have any evidence that if government ceased to exist in the US or Europe tomorrow, people would start killing each other? Or do you just FEEL that this is what's going to happen?
Also, absence of government != absence of laws and protection. Please do not assume that.
@_date: 2014-03-10 23:12:32
I'm not sure he's gonna drop a bombshell, but nothing is what it seems, that's what I'm sure of.
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:01:44


Yeah. It's like "but they let you leave the cage! Those animals who are aggressive are not allowed to! See, it's all for everyone's safety."


Then you're not thinking hard enough. If you think certain problems can be solved only with a government, you need to think harder. There is never 1 solution to the problem.
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:03:45
A working wallet with 788k coins? On Bitstamp? I wonder how much do they have in their cold storage then. Must be 21 million, no less.
@_date: 2014-01-19 09:51:10
So, my understanding is that you have doubts free market capitalism would actually work. Ok, so I don't intend to convince you here in one go, I don't think that's possible, but let me offer a couple of points that you may ponder about:
1. You mentioned that you are afraid of monopolies taking advantage of consumers. Let me challenge you with the following task: please find one monopoly that existed for a substantial period of time without any government support/subsidies/regulation whatsoever. That is to say you won't and the reason is because monopolies cannot exist without government helping them out by preventing other players from entering the market.
2. You also said that you're afraid that companies would lie to consumers and hook them up on highly addictive products, extracting money from them. Now note, you expressed this concern, which means you are aware of the possibility. Probably some other people are also aware of this and are concerned. This means there's a consumer demand to know, which products are good and which are not. And if there's demand, you can expect free market to provide supply in the form of consumer protection companies. You and other concerned consumers would then pay to such companies to investigate and provide reports on various products on the market. If some people are not concerned and wish not to pay money to such consumer protection companies - well, that's their own choice: if they see you leading a healthy and happy life by knowing what's good and what's not good on the market they may change their minds and pay to such a company. But telling them "you are a stupid consumer and you don't know what's good for you" and then taking their money away from them to "show them the path" just makes you another slaveowner. Slaveowners in the US expressed the very same concerns about their ex slaves claiming they wouldn't be able to live normally on the free labor market and are much better off having a master who takes care of them. This might indeed had been true for some time following the abolition of slavery, but that's because people need some time to learn. Unless you give them an opportunity to learn, they never will.
@_date: 2014-01-29 00:53:06
Well, in all honesty ELI5 is the title. To elaborate a bit, my understanding is that some amount of BTC addresses which public key was broadcasted are vulnerable. That may not be an immediate problem, since wallets send change to a different address, but since addresses may be used to receive more bitcoins in the future, it poses a significant risk of theft.
@_date: 2014-01-17 20:03:36
I don't understand why can't you vote with your dollar(bitcoin)? Want to help the poor? Donate. Want your neighbor-millionaire help the poor? Convince him. Can't convince? Make more money on the market by providing superior quality product or service and then help the poor.
Fundamentally, why do you need elections and voting? What problem does that solve?
@_date: 2014-01-17 20:16:36
I agree that you have to work diligently convincing people, going step by step. However, my experience, is that either people really get it rather fast or will argue to death. There are rare exceptions, but I'm getting old for this shit. I really think, those stubborn people will only change their minds when they see us succeed, and that's what I choose to focus my attention these days. I hope more libertarians get to actually work and make money or be successful otherwise (although, success usually involves money).
I also find it a good strategy to ask people, who insist something wouldn't work without a government, to still come up with a solution to the problem that doesn't involve government. It works with some people a lot more effectively than trying to feed them ready solutions.
@_date: 2014-07-13 01:43:44
Must be why btc-e is still using QIWI. Oh wait.
QIWI will not allow anything Bitcoin-related at this point, because the legal status is not exactly certain and this could threaten their business.
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:37:53
A wife whose husband's beating her also got what she deserved, right?
@_date: 2014-07-29 01:43:36
wtf are you even doing on this subreddit then? :)
@_date: 2014-01-20 07:27:36
That's a good question.
First thing to ask here, though, do the rich already have significantly more power? Rich people don't go to prison for drugs, they hire a good lawyer or pay off the judge (be sure that happens even in seemingly uncorrupt countries) and go to rehabs.
Now, let's see what happens without a government. Indeed, if you have a significant amount of money, you can probably try and ban gay marriage. However, you'd have to keep paying this law firm the money each month. And the law firm would be less likely to take your offer, because chances you one day stop paying and lose your money are significantly more than all gays stop being gays and stop paying. That is, you'd have to offer a much larger pay to the law firm to compensate for the risk of you stop paying. Finally, there are rich gay people out there. They would also want to outbid you.
So the answer is, rich might have SOME degree of power, but without a government this power would be proportional to the amount of money they would like to spend. When you have a government, you lobby and bribe and then can have enormous power at the expense of the taxpayers.
Then also remember. Rich became rich (we're talking rich in a world without governments) because they did something the market wanted to buy, not because they banned something. Thus, they generally don't want to tell people how to live, they want to make money out of the way people want to live.
@_date: 2014-11-01 17:16:48
Because without a magic piece of paper stating your name, age and place of birth everyone will start killing each other.
@_date: 2014-04-21 08:21:22
Wow, 10 years? This is crazy. This is like a big fuck you from the government to all the creditors.
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:54:05
Lol, kissing government's ass. Honestly, can't judge them, as most would be compliant in the face of thugs and thieves from government, but this is just too obvious. This is like "yes master, I obey, here's your dildo you meant to fuck me in the ass with, take it, take it".
@_date: 2014-01-17 17:08:15
So you're saying, by trying to get rid of the government we actually only risk ending up where we started? Because, honestly, I think our governments engage in brutal wars and send our kids to die and kill millions and millions of people already.
Gangs, on the other hand, wouldn't be as powerful. First, most would know they are bad guys, you wouldn't have kids singing anthems that praise the gangs. Second,  if gangs go to war with each other, wouldn't that mean they become weaker and the good guys have more chances to disarm them later on? Because there will be a demand for honest good protection agencies from peaceful good people (which is most people, mind you). How would gangs collect their taxes if people pay to honest good protection agencies to prevent gangs from doing it?
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:06:13
Most people, when given a choice between a state and being better off would choose the latter.
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:10:40
Whales coming out. We're all finally equal bro.
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:44:46
You see, my problem with such statements is that you can apply them to everyone. I can say the same to you. But it wouldn't convince anyone. 
What I'm trying to communicate here is that you have to use evidence + logic. You can't just do one. I'm open to change my point of view to whatever, I can even find God, but only if you manage to convince me. To do that, you have to use evidence + logic. Sadly, logic is not something many people are willing to use or even understand how to use.
Edit: I wasn't just trying to pick Somalia telecommunications sector. It's just that it's a convenient "in your face" example. You can take any industry and you'll find that where there is less regulation and more competition, prices are lower and consumers are happier.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:39:45
I actually sold at $760 or something, cos I tried to withdraw right when the FUD started spreading and my coins were locked for a couple of days. Then gradually, by day trading, I made it to 500 gox coins. So yeah, that's 10x times more than I had.
The future? Well, I think Bitcoin is going to continue to grow. I personally was working on a Bitcoin project but now that I don't have any money I'll have to figure something out. Part time doesn't seem like a viable option given the project's complexity. But, well, we'll see.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:43:20
So, please elaborate then, how exactly does math say that without government we'll be in deep shit?
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:40:26
Not necessarily. Since it's an HTML comment and they use "acq" instead of "acquired" this cannot possibly be held as a statement about acquisition.
@_date: 2014-08-16 02:14:15
Haha, pretty sure the US government isn't going to shit its own pants.
@_date: 2014-06-08 10:50:47
But evil builds muh roads and educates muh children and spies on me... oh wait.
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:35:27
So your argument is "All my ancestors used to have a state and state-wide laws, therefore states and state-wide laws must be a good idea". I suggest we bring back slavery then. Why not? Used to be widespread all over the globe and it's only been a century and a half that we stopped doing it.
@_date: 2014-01-30 05:22:40
Peter was made a fool of because he is not careful with what he says and how he says it -  The Daily Show is notorious for making people whose opinions they disagree with look like they're crazy idiots who hate everyone. Molyneux would've destroyed em, but they'd never have him on the show.
Edit: his opinion on Bitcoin has nothing to do with his basic understanding of the economics. Minimum wage is a bad bad idea. Really great explanation here for those who still disagree: 
@_date: 2014-06-19 23:12:52
I find it unbelievably naive to believe at this point that Mark could've stolen coins himself or that it was hackers who stole it (assuming, we don't have proof of that on the blockchain).
You cannot have this kind of situation in which literally nobody speaks about what's going on, without some sort of government involvement. Government, most likely the US one, is to blame. Given US govt history of doing absolutely horrendous shit behind everyone's back, ceasing coins would be piece of cake.
If you for a moment believe government is on your side and means any good to mtgox creditors, you're a fool. Government is not on your side. It 's there for one reason only: make people who are in it richer. It should be no 1 suspect.
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:52:03
So, can you be more specific then? What evidence you don't like and why? What is not logical in what I'm saying and why?
@_date: 2014-01-17 16:35:12


No. Civilizations formed governments because sociopaths and predators saw a great opportunity to fool people with religion, sense of authority and some magical social contract. Rulers don't care. It's a relatively recent idea that rulers are allegedly "hired" by the population. That's because people became smarter in general and wouldn't accept unquestioned authority. So it becomes increasingly more difficult to reign over people, but it's still possible. As soon as the majority of people realize they don't actually need rulers for anything, these bitches are gone.
Remember slavery? This shit is as old as the oldest civilization. Yet we grew out of it. Almost no one thinks it's a good idea now, right? Have you ever considered that maybe governments is as much a stupid violent shit as slavery? The fact that some governments are better and less violent doesn't make them less of what they are: a monopoly on force and a class of rulers.
@_date: 2014-03-11 00:50:13
It is rather easy to build. There's nothing like that open source and I do believe we need something like that, cos many people don't want to share their financial information with a third party.
@_date: 2014-07-28 21:33:34
So Satoshi is also a scumbag by that definition? You just don't have the guts to call him that.
@_date: 2014-01-29 22:47:55
So are you saying that if you don't pay taxes, you're not gonna be persecuted in your country? And are you saying that only government can build roads, supply water and produce and deliver electricity?
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:04:59
if a private company forced you to use a product and then forced you to pay for it, suggesting that you are being a criminal for not paying, I'm pretty sure you'd call it extortion. Yet with a government it's somehow ok because some people (and certainly not all) agreed it's a good idea.
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:19:25
Vote with your goxcoins! Oh wait...
@_date: 2014-08-04 10:10:39
By that logic, even if I decide to ignore some country occupying my country, it is in my best interest to fight the war? No. It is in my best interest to get as far away from it as possible.
@_date: 2014-05-07 15:07:21
Thanks for replying back to me with a reasonable argument and not some "this is how shit works" and a bunch of offenses.
@_date: 2014-01-31 01:36:28
And who causes the inflation by printing money?
Also, where does this quote come from?


I don't understand it. It's like two completely unrelated events are grouped into one sentence. Explain.
@_date: 2014-04-07 14:23:48
Nope, it wasn't postponed. It was a scam from the beginning. I visited this site last year. It has no info about who are the organizers, nor about any of the speakers. However, they instead had a donation address. Bullshit.
@_date: 2014-05-12 15:32:45
Problem is, as someone once said (my apologies for not remembering the exact quote and name) that all the economic problems caused by government will always be blamed on what has remained of the free market and free trade.
@_date: 2014-01-31 00:56:18
Yeah, 48 hours pretty standard, I think. Happened to me last time I did it.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:27:05
It's not just some group. It's a shitload of coins that belong to many people. If we, as a group of people, manage to CONVINCE the community that we legitimately lost those coins and they are not recoverable otherwise, then why is it terrible? On the contrary, it would allow the Bitcoin community to shine and show how mature it is.
No one suggests that we FORCE miners to it. It would be a voluntary decision. It can fail. This is the risk MtGox buyer should take.
@_date: 2014-04-28 18:14:55
Let's take two examples I mentioned.
Since deregulation in the 1980s, air travel has become cheaper and more affordable despite the fact the fuel prices rose. Even in the 70s, during the time when interstate air travel in the US was heavily regulated, it was demonstrated that on the route within California LA-SF, which was not subject to such heavy regulations, flights were considerably cheaper than on the same length routes between states. Are those anecdotes or actual facts? I suggest you look into any book written by an airline industry insider and you will see they all say the same (my personal favorite is this one: 
Or Somalia example. Is it a fact that Somalia has one of the cheapest and advanced communications in the world or is it some kind of anecdote? Can you disprove it?
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:43:17
the 10th. Does she deserve it?
@_date: 2014-08-03 11:35:29
Torturing people is illegal too.
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:18:26
Why? Because I don't want to participate in killing other young people who possibly came to fight me against their will, forced by their governments? Nope.
@_date: 2014-02-26 11:41:11
Note, it doesn't say "CEO of MtGox" at his name.
@_date: 2014-02-06 06:17:26
How much?
@_date: 2014-07-02 10:06:31
I also grew up in a communist country. All I see in the US now is the same communist bullshit happening in a different wrapper and applied much more consistently and efficiently to the general population.
Paying taxes is the new religion. State is the new religion. It is true that the quality of life is higher, but fool yourself not - it's not because of government. The only reason the US became as strong economically as it is now is the free market and the entrepreneurial power that existed in a relatively free society. It wasn't completely free, but it was one of the most free in the world. Now I don't know why would anyone start a business in the US unless he's a citizen. It's insane. I'd avoid US by all means if I were to start a business.
@_date: 2014-07-29 22:32:56
No, you can also lobby and bribe. Simply complying won't get your very far.
@_date: 2014-02-07 08:02:01
Or MtGox moving its funds out of cold storage. If it has one, of course.
@_date: 2014-03-08 14:51:03
And transmitting this over the API? Not a plausible theory.
@_date: 2014-04-14 00:40:30
Prepare to be disappointed as those draconian rules will never be either implemented or effective. Bitcoin is freedom. I don't care what you guys have in your statists minds, the future is no-state and individual freedom.
@_date: 2014-01-29 23:42:44
Good thing you brought up logic.
1. Do you agree that force will be used on those who refuse to pay taxes? (force as in taking their property and assets by force or putting them in jail against their will)
2. Do you agree that using force to obtain wealth for whatever reason is a criminal activity?
If you don't agree with the latter statement, then you should have no problem giving money to a robber on the subway who promises he will only spend it on helping the poor.
If you think that some entities like governments are excluded from rule 2, then you have to explain why that is the case. Even if 90% of the society agrees it should be done, it doesn't make any more moral or fair when it's done to those who disagree. It's called bullying.
Also, I'm not talking about any specific government. I'm talking about the concept. Even if government only spends tax money for wonderful things and wastes not a cent, they still obtain that money with a threat of force, rather than convincing me, like normal businesses do.
@_date: 2014-01-29 05:04:36
No problem: we can elect better representatives next time and they will not allow such injustices to happen. Also: Bitcoin doesn't have enough regulation. Had the regulation been in place, this wouldn't have happened. More regulation we need. And taxes. Moar taxes. Fuck those libertarian anarchist assholes who invented Bitcoin. I *believe* in democracy because it's *supposed* to work.
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:12:36
On the IRC. No one can even prove it was him. Really, give me a break.
@_date: 2014-02-10 04:57:19
I think he actually only appears when there's legitimately bad news.
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:39:53
Actually, that's what I think will happen. Somewhere in the world there's going to be a free city or a free zone that has no government and only private  enterprises. And this is where the people who understand Bitcoin and liberty will go. It's an exit strategy. Everyone else can have their states as much as they want, no problem.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:06:31
I don't really blame Gox. It was my fault I decided to transfer all of my coins to the exchange. Well, now I paid dearly.
@_date: 2014-01-30 04:38:25


Here's my prediction of what's going to happen. In the next 20 years you're going to see free zones appearing all over the globe, with no government and no taxation, but with private individuals and businesses cooperating with each other. Bitcoin will be the engine for that. Productive people who value liberty and law and peace will flee to these zones, draining governments ability to extort money. These zones will prosper, showing example to the rest of the world. Watch it happen and drop me a line in 20 years.
@_date: 2014-08-15 06:17:46
They provided reasonable arguments as to why they believe that's the case. You just shouted "crap". I think I'm not going to take YOU seriously.
@_date: 2014-07-03 11:22:20
It doesn't matter how many countries copycat US. If you think the US government is even a tiny bit better than the Russian government, you are a fool. Governments in any country are there to exploit, not serve the citizens.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:18:32
Here's my offer: government does all the same things it does now, except it has no power to prevent businesses from entering the market and selling a product/service. It only has the power to inform consumers about the reliability of products/services. That way, no one should really agree on anything and can buy what he or she considers worth the money. How's that?
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:03:05
It doesn't mean shit. If market confidence is lost, it means your coins may be worth a lot less for quite a while.
@_date: 2014-01-29 05:12:36
Logic, do you speak it?
1. I believe Charlie did nothing wrong =&gt; government is wrong
2. I believe Charlie is a criminal =&gt; government is right
3. I believe HSBC is a criminal =&gt; government is wrong
@_date: 2014-07-02 05:41:43
Sure, note that I said they stole from Ulbricht, not that they stole his coins. It doesn't matter whose coins they are, what matters is that they were entrusted by people to SR owner and US government took them. This is theft.
Saying "but nobody claimed them" is like saying "but nobody claimed those golden bars lying at the bottom of the pond full of alligators".
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:28:52
you're like exploding his head now man, reasonable questions should be regulated or people may get hurt
@_date: 2014-01-29 00:59:32
Also, if this turns out to be true and confirmed, it's gonna take quite a while for the Bitcoin economy to get over this. First, Bitcoin exchanges would have to temporarily put on hold withdrawings/deposits. Payment gateways would also have to stand by. This means businesses accepting Bitcoin would also have to stop accepting them. Then, when the fix is released, it would have to be tested and reviewed and after that things can come back to normal.
@_date: 2014-01-29 01:04:49
What do you mean?
@_date: 2014-08-04 10:33:15
Some slave owners are better than others. Let's raise public awareness so that bad slave owners become better.
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:34:00
Not necessarily. If my country had no state and I could see clearly that we are fighting as people, voluntarily and if there was a leader able to convince us to fight (and not force us to do it), I might stay. But I'd much rather have a system under which I could prevent war by paying a private company for such services. If state in any form is involved, I'm out, because it's gonna be bloody and I'm gonna lose either way, while only people at the top will benefit at my expense.
@_date: 2014-03-08 19:44:48
No, you're absolutely wrong. Addresses holding small amounts are needed for efficient and fast payouts (many people do not hold more than 30BTC or so on Gox). If you simply withdraw from one big wallet then everyone else willing to withdraw have to wait until the transaction is fully confirmed because the change is automatically sent to another address (it's a Bitcoin feature).
@_date: 2014-07-29 06:15:59


This very misconception is at the core of why many people still think government is the solution. First of all, historically and empirically governments were always there to oppress and exploit people. Even today, it is only a small number of countries around the world that have relative freedom and where governments don't abuse their powers too much. The norm is oppression and exploitation.
But even if we suggest that somehow governments are supposed to be good and protect us. It's just wishful thinking has nothing in common with reality. The evidence is overwhelmingly against this idea. I can wish whatever I want, but governments are inherently evil institutions.
Anarchy is not about absence of laws. It's not about chaos. It's about a self-organizing society where people are more equal, not less. Take a look at any ruling class in any country: they are always richer and they are always more powerful. Crimes against state officials are punished much harsher. Why? Are these people somehow more privileged or better?  A businessmen cannot dream of that kind of wealth and power politicians have. Just for once, realize that your enemy is not private enterprise. It's the people who steal money from you and your family and fund wars and other horrible shit with that money. And what do you do? You say, "ahh, we should vote better". All the while, people die in wars around the world.


Do I have to manually pay for every phone call I make or every mile I fly on an airplane? That's just stupid. You can have subscription plans and all sorts of different ways to pay. And it's different, because I can stop paying or pay less by subscribing to a cheaper plan (less frequent use). Why do I have to explain such basic things?
@_date: 2014-02-11 06:35:30
Remove them, but not now. Lots of people are stuck on MtGox and they need those charts. I suggest remove MtGox after it pays back its customers or goes bankrupt. But not now.
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:15:48
"We'd like to announce we acquired gox.com, but we're still going bankrupt and you're not gonna see your money?" Really?
@_date: 2014-07-02 21:04:17
But, but, deflationary currency? Nobody spends! Economic collapse!
@_date: 2014-01-29 01:04:16
If you read the thread, he doesn't say all addresses are vulnerable, just some. If it was true, he wouldn't be posting it on Bitcointalk.
@_date: 2014-03-08 14:50:26
The withdrawals are indicated here: 
At least the attempts at doing ones. gmaxwell on the irc said that they went through, though.
@_date: 2014-09-19 13:14:52
Please, please, not more good news.
@_date: 2014-08-09 23:33:29
Because most users won't care and those who do may as well create an alias like this:
alias armory "armory --skip-annuonce-check" 
@_date: 2014-01-30 06:25:11
Also, as it appears, Peter commented about this episode. They filmed it for 3 hours. He explained everything very well. Of course, in three hours you're gonna make some statements you haven't thought through. And of course The Daily Show's gonna pick the worst of the footage.
There's literally no upside in doing a field interview with The Daily Show if they disagree with your views. If he had passed through the interview flawlessly, they would simply interview somebody else and not air his.
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:31:29
The prison example WAS A METAPHOR.
What I was trying to say is that when using services government provides I do not automatically consent to the system. That is because oftentimes, government is the only service provider or regulates industries heavily. I can't literally go outside without stepping on a road a government had built, but that doesn't mean government had the right to claim the land this road was built on in the first place and that doesn't mean it had the right to tax people to build this road.
@_date: 2014-06-30 03:32:37
Clearly you're not looking at the data. Go on Bitcoinity and check Bitstamp or Bitfinex depth (bottom chart). Point the mouse at the red line where it intersects with the 650USD mark, for example, and it will say "3810 BTC can be bought for the price to reach $650". Now factor in the fact that half or so of the orders will disappear when the price starts rising and you'll get the picture.
@_date: 2014-11-01 20:52:56
And what would that function be?
@_date: 2014-01-29 16:56:59
Collecting taxes is the real crime. It's theft.
@_date: 2014-07-28 22:33:44
Awesome. Why do I have to pay for the things YOU are a fan of? What if I think FDA actually harms me personally by prohibiting the new drugs I want to have today instead of in 10 years from now?
Be a fan of whatever you want, just not at someone else's expense.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:01:24
Yup. Fought very hard till the end, made quite a bit of GoxCoins, but all in vain.
@_date: 2014-01-31 00:11:59
They do share the blame, but to a much lesser extent, because they are not the cause of the problem. The are many companies. If one company decides not to lobby and bribe, its competitor will. A politician doesn't care which company's paying him. So, essentially, the system forces companies to act in that way. Remove the system and companies would have no one to bribe. All they would be left with is the free market and competition.
@_date: 2014-02-28 15:17:15
Well, around 500BTC by the end of it, but that's because I traded. I had 50 at $920 when it all started. So about $45k. All of my savings.
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:16:21
Well, try to stop reading Keynes and start reading Austrian economists.
@_date: 2014-04-28 14:13:49
Don't blame Bitstamp. They try to stay legal and not raise any questions from authorities. Blame KYC rules and your government thugs that you voted for. Don't want KYC and stupid regulations? Don't vote, don't pay your taxes (hide as much as you can without getting into trouble) and convince others to do the same.
@_date: 2014-04-28 20:52:45


You actually got it wrong economically. If public schools shut down and no new private schools opened up, the supply would decrease driving prices UP! But that wouldn't happen, of course, since lots of cheap private schools would spring up to cover the demand.
What I'm saying is that currently supply is satisfied by providing "free" service that actually costs people money that they can't stop paying because not paying taxes is punishable by law. Now imagine what incentive does the service provider have to improve the quality? You HAVE to pay anyway, you can only vote once in n years and even then it is unlikely you can change anything. Any private company in such a position wouldn't do shit to improve quality. In fact, it would try to cut corners. What makes you think government would do otherwise? Where exactly is the incentive for the government to improve public schools? You can't stop paying them, can you?


And this is where you apply logic to it. I'm not exactly familiar with the UK situation, but let's think. You had govt system or railroads and govt decided to privatize it. Suppose it chose 2-3 companies to sell the railroads to. Now, government owns the land, right? Not all of it, but I'm pretty sure you can't simply go and build a new railroad line without coming across some government land you'd have to buy. And there are other govt regulations you'd have to comply with. So my guess is what followed the deregulation is some kind of cartel arrangement where private railroads bribe the government to keep the status quo. And this is why you may have you prices higher. With airlines it doesn't quite work this way, since government doesn't own air (although it still heavily regulates the industry, so it's not perfect either).


Your kids - fine, whatever. What moral right do you have to decide for someone else's kids I simply don't know. You have absolutely zero rights to tell other people which school they should send their kids to. Besides, all kids who go to public schools essentially go to Ryanair schools - the quality of the education simply sucks, be it UK or US or Russia or China. And the only way to improve it is to stop forcing parents to pay for the service over which quality they have very little control.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:21:31
Leaders, I agree, will exist. But rulers is a completely different herd. Rulers rule overwhelmingly, extract taxes from their subjects and tell their subjects how they should behave, whether they agree or not - they have to submit. Government has its dirty hands in many aspects of our lives and that is just not what leaders do.
Does a coach tell his players whether they can or cannot carry a gun? Or whether they can or cannot smoke weed (provided, it doesn't affect the actual competition?). Does a coach take part of what his players earn? Governments and rulers are not leaders. They are predators and sociopaths who couldn't care less about us.
@_date: 2014-03-03 06:49:03
Just when you think it couldn't get any worse than that...
@_date: 2014-03-08 19:10:45
Why not?
@_date: 2014-01-17 18:41:17
I honestly think there's nothing utopian about liberty. Just like there's nothing utopian about ending slavery. Does slavery still exist? Yes. Is it eliminated in most parts of the world? Yes.
There are groups of people who believe in liberty. They want a political exit (much like people who came to America had): they dislike the system, they don't believe it can be fixed. This way or another they will find an exit, be it seasteading or buying some small piece of land completely and establishing a free zone there. There is nothing unrealistic or utopian about it: humans went to the moon for fuck's sake, so this sounds doable. I actually remember some bitcoin millionaire commenting in of the threads some time ago how he can't wait for Bitcoin to go to the moon and just find a way to buy some piece land completely and establish a free zone there that would allow people to escape government oppression. I think it would be great and we'll have exactly that at some point. Then more zones like it will appear, following its inevitable success. I hope to see this while I'm still alive.
@_date: 2014-01-12 12:58:46
They haven't switched. Read the post. There were two options, one business account, one personal account. Personal account was removed. Business account is unlikely to be served after Jan 31st, because banks were explicitly prohibited from dealing with anything Bitcoin-related.
@_date: 2014-08-24 04:58:56
I know, but it took me a while to figure out because he's green, which means he's a GOOD fella.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:39:37
Do you think that those various mafias would then compete with each other offering lower and lower taxes eventually turning into actual protection agencies offering services and being paid money voluntarily? 
@_date: 2014-02-06 06:28:44
I would agree with you except it's not coming from Gox. Gox is never gonna admit they're insolvent or have any other unsolvable problems. It's gonna be a meltdown and people just gonna panic until it becomes obvious to even the truest Gox believers.
@_date: 2014-07-28 21:31:43
Took advantage, haha. The whole system is taking advantage of people being powerless against the violence of the state. IRS is a fucking mafia.
@_date: 2014-01-18 06:12:17
Okay, so how do you suppose corporations could control the world and not give a fuck about people? They're not governments. They can only SELL you stuff you want to buy. If you believe the stuff they're selling is not worth the money or that corporations are doing evil things with the money the get, you simply stop paying and the corporation goes bankrupt.
You see, it is only in the current system corporations can gain such a tremendous power. Why? Because they can bribe politicians, which then give them subsidies, regulate the market (regulation is created primarily to prevent new competition from entering the market) and bail them out. All this is done on taxpayers money, so for corporations it is practically free - except for the bribes to politicians, but that's still cheaper than paying for the said things out of their own pocket. In a world without governments there would be no way to lay your hands on free money, because there would be no taxes. You can only make as much as people pay you. If they don't like your product or service, they will stop paying you.
And back to your point, that you have to tax people because they are ignorant and stupid. There  I have to say this: people being stupid and ignorant is your own subjective opinion. They could say the same thing about you. You may be right 100%, but unless you learn how to actually convince people instead of forcing them to pay, you are not being too smart and moral either. How are these people supposed to learn what's important in this world unless the nanny state stops telling them all the time?
I understand you live in successful country where everything seems to be working and government seems to be doing its job well. But it's still government, it is still theft. It's like going to a plantation where slaves are treated well and fed and have more freedoms than other slaves: yeah, that's great, but they are still slaves.
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:02:18
The only reason private schools are expensive is because government provides schooling "for free". In reality, public schools are paid with taxes, which are collected by force. So any private school in the same segment  (that is, schools for the poor) that tries to do business will lose, since parents would say "hey, we're paying taxes, why should we pay additionally to this private school".
Poor people have no problem purchasing cheap cars, shoes, computers, cellphones and just about anything else. Yet somehow it's private schools and private police protection that the poor will never be able to afford? Of course they can afford it. But not when they are already being robbed by the government to pay for public schools.
@_date: 2014-03-10 23:27:15
It just doesn't add app. I doubt there is an apartment for rent anywhere for that amount. You'd be better of buying it then renting. Numbers just don't make any sense.
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:12:43
What I'm saying is, why not silence the API so as not to draw attention? Then no one would notice they're performing withdrawals. Something doesn't add up. I think the fact that we can see all that is more or less (tm) intentional.
@_date: 2014-05-01 10:41:28
Oh god this needs a good redesign. This flat fashion is out of control.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:39:03
Yes, and this is why perhaps it's not government's role either to inform consumers. Because, who's there to decide which products should government investigate?
And there is absolutely no loss of money in not enforcing regulations. In fact, there's an additional gain in the form of additionally collected taxes (which I oppose, but that's another matter).
Just for once stop thinking in terms of government and try to imagine how things might be arranged to the benefit of consumers without any government at all.
@_date: 2014-07-04 03:38:06
Of course they didn't say it. They said something else, but it meant exactly this.
@_date: 2014-01-29 23:36:02
This supposed mainstream majority is up for a big surprise: when they help us grow Bitcoin it will turn out that the largest Bitcoin holders are actually crypto-anarchists, including Satoshi. We'll see how they'll redistribute, regulate and tax the money the can't control or identify.
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:39:47
Of course. And why shouldn't they be used to argue against each other? Suppose I invent a religion that says earth is flat. We now know with quite certainty, both logically and empirically, that it's not. Would you then be justified to argue against my religion calling on my bullshit by saying that I claim things that are logically and empirically incorrect?
@_date: 2014-08-04 15:20:24
That's not a choice. The real choice is whether or not I want to pay taxes and fund wars. That's the choice that makes the most impact on my welfare. Voting for which politician's going to strip you off your money is meaningless. In the words of Douglas Adams you vote because "the wrong lizard might get in".
@_date: 2014-04-15 21:55:32
Thanks, I'm gonna screw it and not pay to save both my time and money.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:44:54
If you're genuinely interested, there's an excellent book called "The Machinery Of Freedom" by David D. Friedman answering your question. And a short illustrated talk on the same subject by the author here: 
@_date: 2014-07-29 03:00:28
Because you don't have to give them up. You give up the monopoly on producing those things, which is what government is. Government is not the only entity that can do all of the things mentioned above. When are you going to learn this, people. Ahhghhhr, I'm out for today. Statism overload.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:27:56
The only people above the law are politicians and three letter agencies. Fuck you man for thinking I owe you taxes. Come and fucking take it from me yourself, don't send your goons.
@_date: 2017-02-22 16:38:05
No it's not.
@_date: 2014-05-02 13:22:21
And? What does democracy have to do with the fact that taxes are collected with the threat of force? At best, you have only SOME people who voted for this particular government who agree to where their taxes go, while the rest disagree.
What kind of twisted logic is it, when you say that because we have a democracy, it's okay to extort money? What if tomorrow 90% votes to rape and murder the remaining 10%? Also ok?
@_date: 2014-05-07 19:08:35
I don't see how calling me stupid or saying "no, it's not government's fault that you can't get the remaining coins today instead of in a year" proves you're right and I'm wrong. I explained exactly why it's government's fault. You did not address a single point and essentially just said "well, you're stupid and you're wrong".
You need to start listening to what people actually say, not just pick keywords and reply with some nonsense.
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:08:05
Ok, let's straighten things up. There is no false logic. It's either logic or no logic. Explain to me, how is that chain given as an example not logical?
@_date: 2014-03-09 13:01:08
And two-bit-idiot is an honest savior and truth teller. Sure.
Problem is, you base your assumptions on someone else's opinion and your own feelings. I only stated facts and pointed out that while I don't trust anyone, the facts suggest that MtGox plans to return some of the money to their customers. Your response is "they're all scammers, so they won't". Fine, you may as well be right, but the way you're putting it - without providing any real arguments and facts - is not supporting your point of view at all.
@_date: 2014-07-02 10:07:55
You want to tell others how to live their lives. If they want shoot heroin up their veins for their own money, what right do you have to tell them not to?
@_date: 2014-05-02 11:29:52
Yeh, I wonder how many of those people would still pay taxes "voluntarily" if no sanctions/jail time were coming if you don't pay. It's not voluntary if you are threatened with confiscation/fines/jail.
@_date: 2014-01-17 20:20:50
Even if this person, who is filthy rich wants to run away from taxes, I say great, let's host him - provided he made his money honestly and didn't hurt or forced anyone in the process. I'd rather host a greedy businessman and let him keep all of his money than let some government tax him and spend it on wars and killing someone. That's my logic: every dollar that doesn't go into the hands of governments saves someone's life.
@_date: 2014-03-09 12:53:24


read your own words. Bankruptcy protection!
It has been discussed here many times and the consensus is that according to Japan's law bankruptcy protection IS NOT the same as bankruptcy. Additionally, being insolvent doesn't mean they have no money at all. It means they don't have all the money to cover all liabilities.
@_date: 2014-02-27 07:58:26
So, as was said in comments on HN, I think in this case an acquisition is a viable option. The buyer would only have to be confident enough he can establish the proof that coins on the addresses indeed belong to MtGox and that he can convince miners to make an exception.
@_date: 2014-02-27 14:09:34
My biggest fear is that governments are now salivating at this huge opportunity to push for Bitcoin regulation. Which makes me think they have their hands dirty in the whole situation with MtGox. Fuck them. Let's not give up people. We should fight these bastards. They want power and control, they don't care about us.
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:17:19
So my best theory (here goes another puppy) is that Gox was splitting the coins from the cold storage to prepare for withdrawals, and they are now stress-testing their system by withdrawing to the addresses they themselves own. Hoping for some positive news on Monday.
@_date: 2014-05-07 11:13:54
"Always believe quotes on the internet" Thomas Jefferson
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:41:12
I can say the same to you: the idea that we can't have a society at least as prosperous and successful, but without government - is laziness and ignorance.
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:13:05
Do you plan on implementing site-wide search? That'd be handy. And also a rating system.
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:20:25
Someone who is familiar with laws in Japan and other countries explain this: if a company if acquired, doesn't it mean that new owner also owns all the debts it has, so they'd have to pay it back in full?
@_date: 2014-01-11 05:09:52
I love this guy. He's not afraid to go on CNN and say straight away that government's gonna hate Bitcoin. Unlike many who seem to adhere to the line of pleasing the regulators with sweet talk even though they themselves and the regulators both know what they think about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-02 04:57:23
I wonder why is everyone so ecstatic about this US government auction? They STOLE the coins from Ulbricht and are now selling them, profiting from theft. Why is nobody discussing this?
@_date: 2014-06-21 10:37:44
Even if he's a psychopath, I don't believe he's that stupid. If he indeed stole all the money and the police has no questions, someone else will get him. Owning thousands of coins and look over your shoulder for the rest of your life? You're out of your mind.
I don't believe in the slightest that Mark himself stole it, not because I "trust" him, but because there is no incentive whatsoever for him to do it. Say what you want, but if it's him who stole, he cannot walk away from this, no. And it will be revealed.
Your problem is that you prefer to name a person a psychopath and a criminal, all the while the are obvious criminals and psychopaths sitting in the government whom you for some reason choose to ignore. Government is a mafia and you keep repeating their chant: "That dude committed suicide throwing himself off the cliff and stubbing himself multiple times in the chest".
@_date: 2014-08-10 10:15:32
Yeah, I just copied the flag from another comment.
@_date: 2014-03-10 23:09:34
I call bullshit. You can fucking buy a pretty good house for that money and kick ass apartment. I think it's a mistake or a misinformation and it's more like $75k/year, not $750k
@_date: 2019-11-01 21:05:22
1. They're not holding bitcoins in their centralized wallet, instead using multisig escrow where users hold the keys and Hodl Hodl is unable to move the bitcoins out of escrow until user signs the transaction with his key. This effectively makes them a non-custodial solution.
 
2. They recently announced they'll be opensourcing the project allowing anyone in the world to be running their own p2p exchange. Shut down one, two more will spring up. It's software.
@_date: 2017-01-13 19:34:49
This sounds like the start of a new meme. Do you member Bitcoin? I member, gentlemen.
@_date: 2019-06-03 17:32:16
Lol, no one really heard of Hodl Hodl? Guys been around for 2 years.
@_date: 2019-06-03 11:19:14
What do you mean how? I assume it's the same as it was on localbitcoins, it's a p2p trade with escrow. It appears safer though, because Hodl Hodl is non-custodial and doesn't actually hold the bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-11-22 10:23:00
Practical experience? Most countries don't have anything like net neutrality bullshit at all, yet internet is cheaper and faster. Go to Europe or Asia and see for yourself.
@_date: 2019-06-03 11:23:04
It looks like the big difference with Hodl Hodl is that they're non-custodial and use multisig. Even the SEC recently said that if you're not in possession of all they keys required to unilaterally move the funds, you don't need a licence.
Also, my guess would be, Localbitcoins was stuck in the wrong jurisdiction, Finland. The are plenty of Bitcoin companies making tons of money and not doing any KYC/AML (such as Bitmex).
@_date: 2017-11-22 10:21:00




So the reason competition cannot move in is because of government created red-tape, but the market is at fault. Got it.
@_date: 2015-08-09 11:14:50
You as a customer of an exchange have all the rights to be concerned with its reliability. Other customers from NY may have other standards. What regulations suggest is that every customer from NY now has to have the same standard to which an exchange should be held. The government then threatens everyone who chooses not to comply.
@_date: 2017-04-25 11:53:50
This is correct, however this scam is objectionable and not likely to take place. It is much more profitable to have a thriving business than to trash your reputation as a founder and face potential problems with the law, while getting a relatively small profit from such a scam.
@_date: 2017-04-25 10:20:20
I don't think there's a problem with on-chain transactions for exchanges like Hodl Hodl or Localbitcoins. Most trades on Localbitcoins involve two transactions anyway, since people are reluctant to keep bitcoins in LBC's wallet. So they're definitely not at all like Bitstamp or other centralized exchanges where day traders hang out and all trading activity happens off chain. LBC is de-facto on-chain exchange.
@_date: 2015-07-15 09:19:44
At this point in time, Russia has more liberty and freedom than Europe and America combined.
@_date: 2017-04-24 15:51:00
Have you ever used localbitcoins?
@_date: 2019-04-27 20:12:32
Yeah, yet localbitcoins runs a very successful business employing pretty much the same model. Your arguments are disproven by the reality.
@_date: 2019-04-27 17:44:42
You need an open a channel, so you at least need to pay fees twice. But then you can exchange Lightning network bitcoins through Hodl Hodl, I think.
@_date: 2016-09-03 14:15:04
The problem is that the very people willing to be paid for watching ads are the last people to whom companies want to advertise, because evidently they have no extra money to purchase their products.
@_date: 2016-09-26 19:02:38
Then you don't understand Russia enough. In Russia often whatever the boss says is usually a more important argument for implementing something than, say, an actual demand.
@_date: 2016-09-04 15:10:53
What's HodlHodl?
@_date: 2016-09-28 23:39:46
I don't see how a cool design makes it easier to digest the news. In my opinion, it is actually rather hard to read Coindesk, because it's all flashy and articles contain 5% substance which you have to extract by reading the whole article.
@_date: 2019-01-26 16:30:50
I use hodlhodl.com these days. They don't hold the bitcoins, don't have KYC/AML and are not as complicated as bisq (which is also an alternative to consider).
@_date: 2018-02-25 12:49:37
This is old. The video was uploaded in 2018, but the video itself is from early 2017, if not 2016.
@_date: 2018-07-06 17:08:40
You're absolutely wrong. The hardware device you're talking about would be absolutely useless without a software installed on it. Actual lines of code compiled and running on this small device. Without it, it's just a piece of plastic and metal.
@_date: 2018-07-06 14:07:20
That's incorrect. A bitcoin wallet is a software that can use your private key to send transactions. A "paper wallet" is not a wallet, it's just a seed that a real wallet software can generate private key from.
@_date: 2018-07-06 16:57:50
What? So a Bitcoin address now == a Bitcoin wallet? That's ridiculous. Paper wallets aren't wallets, they cannot send or receive transactions. It's either a seed or an address or a key. These things cannot interact with anything, they're static. Bitcoin wallet is a software that brings these parts together and makes it alive.
@_date: 2018-07-06 16:55:22
Trezor doesn't have software in it?
@_date: 2016-10-06 12:46:13
Crazy enough, but sounds slightly more feasible than what 21 is trying to do.
@_date: 2018-04-17 02:50:32
Can the IRS ass rape people in Finland?
@_date: 2015-11-21 14:52:19
This was never proven and was not part of what he was charged with.
@_date: 2018-04-17 02:48:57
Wow. So for now, two alternatives remain: bisq.network and hodlhodl.com. Bisq is a software you need to install, so it's more difficult to use, but it's also decentralized, which means it cannot be blocked. Hodl Hodl is not decentralized, but much easier to use and very similar to LBC, except that unlike Localbitcoins, they claim to not hold the bitcoins by using multisig and keeping only one key.
Both have significantly less volume, but that seems about to change. I don't see traders not migrating to those two services given that commission on both is lower than LBC.
@_date: 2015-03-01 11:03:47
You are nitpicking. Only way I can truly rule myself is when I vote with my bitcoins and bureaucrats have no say. Democracy in its modern sense is the majority rule. I disagree with the idea and am not willing to be ruled by anyone. 
@_date: 2015-11-06 12:06:02
Right. Suppose tomorrow government somehow convinced the majority of people to vote for a law that says 100% of property of people with the username "Banderbill" on reddit should be taken from them and auctioned off. I suppose you'd be saying "hey, well, it is legal!"
The problem is, you assume that whatever the government passes as a law is just and good and people should obey.
@_date: 2015-03-07 08:34:31
Why? Do you disagree?
@_date: 2015-11-06 12:13:50
And what does that imply then? Many awful things throughout history were quite legal. Like, slavery, for example. Perfectly legal.
You see, the problem I have with this word is that it implies goodness, while all it actually means is that government says it's okay to do something. So, government says it's ok for it to steal from people. So for government stealing things becomes legal and they call it confiscation or taxation or whatever, while for others it is not legal to steal. BUT, and this is important, the word "legal" doesn't cross the word "stealing". Just like "legal" doesn't cross the word "slavery".
@_date: 2015-11-21 11:52:19
It's interesting. You say YOU see it that he did the wrong thing. But then you sort of assume that your point of view is the only valid and the bitcoin community should share it.
Let me propose a different point of view: the government did the wrong thing, the government laws are unjust and they locked up a young man who did nothing bad at all forever. Why WOULDN't the Bitcoin community support him?
@_date: 2016-10-12 09:39:24
works for me
@_date: 2016-10-24 20:51:29
This would be super subjective. A bullish/bearish flag is subjective enough. Assigning weight to articles risks turning this whole thing into an opinion chart.
@_date: 2016-05-21 16:05:09
Google Translate?
@_date: 2015-03-29 18:30:44
The history of Anarchy goes back thousands of years. Check out Iceland or Ireland for examples of private courts and absence of monopoly of power of one authority over the population.
@_date: 2015-03-07 08:41:09
Again, you didn't read what I had written properly. It's okay not to know something. It's not okay to pretend you do, while you don't.
@_date: 2015-10-16 12:19:41
This was stupid.
@_date: 2015-03-29 13:03:32
Because only government can create and enforce law, guarantee human rights and create civil society.
@_date: 2015-03-01 10:25:58
Sorry, what if I don't want democracy or voting or to be ruled? Don't post this crap on Bitcoin. Bitcoin is NOT about better democracy. It's about how we can live our lives WITHOUT politicians telling us what to do.
@_date: 2016-10-06 14:13:34
And that's how you get hired to write propaganda in the western media.
@_date: 2015-03-29 14:14:55
300 years ago: I would love to see an example of a system in which cotton is picked and no slaves are needed for the job.
@_date: 2015-10-24 10:37:09
Financial independence.
@_date: 2015-03-07 07:17:57
No. There is a big difference between admitting you don't know what a browser is and inventing an answer. This difference comes down to the level of self awareness and intellect and has nothing to do with how many other things people are occupied with in their lives.
@_date: 2015-03-07 08:35:12
Which doesn't mean this is something to be expected or encouraged.
@_date: 2016-07-18 21:52:03
ria.ru is respectable, I don't see any problem with the source.
@_date: 2015-02-25 10:24:14
Because it gives people an illusion of accomplishment and safety, driving them away from the need to educate themselves. One must not rely on a third-party where it can be avoided and clearly that's the case where it can be avoided. We should be educating people to only trust themselves. If you believe government is on your side, you are fooling yourself and possibly others.
Given the government track record, this initiative looks like lambs asking wolves to please respect them. Oh yes they will. Until the time comes.
@_date: 2016-07-23 07:03:45
You guys are ridiculous. How is this a blocksize debate? I'm no fan or Ver's position on blocks, but srsly , the argument doesn't stand a chance. You have 0 proof Roger is doing anything. Even if he did, he's fully entitled to do whatever he pleases with his money. If he wants to crash the market and keep the price down, he's entitled to do so. As far as I have zero reasons to believe he had stolen the bitcoins rather than earned them, I believe he has all the moral rights to do whatever he wants with them.
@_date: 2015-02-25 10:45:24
Can you explain the mechanism by which having government pass a law that says "let's protect citizen's privacy" would have any effect on actual protecting of the privacy? From the experience, government can pass any law and promise to do anything, but then do a complete opposite in some very obfuscated way (which is even worse, thus it hurts, rather than helps).
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:41:13
Ok. How does the government know how much I made this year if I used new addresses for each new payment my customers made?
@_date: 2013-10-23 07:07:55
So that's why homeopathy is not against the law. They must really have legit medical licences and they really help people.
@_date: 2018-12-05 16:17:21
Keeps getting better.
@_date: 2013-05-30 06:43:27
Interesting, I talk to women about bitcoin and they usually are interested. Except for the very distinct group who identify as liberals.
@_date: 2013-06-29 21:37:10
Asking for an example of a stateless libertarian society is like asking for an example of a functioning democracy in the 1500s. Doesn't exist. Doesn't mean it can't exists and doesn't mean it's not a good idea.
@_date: 2013-03-30 13:33:50
I don't think wealth distribution is unequal. I don't care how much others have, I care how much I have. If Bitcoin founder is gonna be richer than anybody else in the world ever was, then be it so. The important thing is that he, unlike politicians, did so NOT at anyone's expense.
@_date: 2013-10-28 08:35:05
What is real world? Isn't a website which offers such a service not a real world? Aren't people using it not real people? If people willingly take such a risk, who's to tell them not to? And why do you believe anyone has the right, indeed, to stop people from doing to themselves what they want?
@_date: 2013-08-22 07:43:15
People should quit attaching "opensource" to random things that have nothing to do with software.
@_date: 2013-06-18 12:45:02
Not anymore, they're currently working on the code and are planning to release it soon.
@_date: 2013-06-25 11:42:45
Walmart isn't predatory pricing. It's a company that organized its processes in such a way that they can afford low prices. When using predatory pricing companies don't make profit, but rather burn money until their competitor goes out of business.
@_date: 2013-06-18 15:32:49
What's the point of protesting? People in power don't care for my protests, they're gonna tax me anyway. A tax-protester in jail does no good: he still paid his tax and government also took away his freedom. So, basically, he's fucked in the ass twice. What's the point?
Protesting is a very ineffective form of fighting. True fighting is NOT GIVING THEM WHAT THEY WANT.
@_date: 2013-06-29 18:46:06
I would gladly pay for roads, schools and charities, but not for drones, spying on people and incarcerating innocents and wars. I like paying. I don't like being a robbed by mafia. And yes, there's a reason why almost everywhere people pay taxes.  Because they are forced to and it's impossible to get out of this slavery. If somehow people are not force to do it, the whole system would fall apart. It is based on violence or threat of violence, I just don't get how you don't see that simple fact.
@_date: 2013-04-03 05:51:54
True, however I assume most socialists would propose building a complete socialist society. At the same time, they say they can do it without force and coercing other people. Now this is delusional.
@_date: 2013-06-29 21:41:25
So, I see, you pay for a great country by mass-murdering people in wars.
@_date: 2013-06-03 20:03:25
Your definition of expensiveness in a sense of how much money startups really have blows my mind.
@_date: 2013-03-24 21:22:03
In America, you only sue someone if you have enough time and money to hire expensive lawyers to get you through the government monopolized legal system. It's expensive precisely because the government has a monopoly on law and all things related to law, like courts and licensing lawyers.
@_date: 2013-04-29 20:45:08
There are plenty of alternative solutions, you should seriously click on at least a couple of links in this google search and read them thoroughly: 
In short: the demand for roads is still there, regardless of the existence of the government and taxation. People want to get from point A to point B. There will be companies willing to build roads and people willing to pay. Most likely, it will be done cheaper and more effective than with the government. You must understand that taxation is just one way of doing things and unlike the free market system it has broken feedback: if government is doing a bad job you can't stop paying taxes, or you go to jail. You can only vote it out... once in n years. And even that doesn't help, because you still have to pay, regardless of whether you're getting a better product or a service.
Fundamentally, I think, your confusion with this questions stems from the fact that building roads has been government responsibility. If government was in charge of making televisions or shoes for a century, you'd be asking the same question about those goods.
@_date: 2013-06-24 19:44:11
Sure, thanks for the discussion, enjoyed it.
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:08:09
Well, actual people did this, solving all the hard problems along the way, right? It's not like politicians went to the moon - they simply collected money and handed it to NASA.
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:56:18
Have you read my comment? I specifically pointed out that before you raise your prices you have to be completely sure that you have enough money to finance your predatory-pricing endeavor to wait for your competitor to go out of business. Historically, given the natural market uncertainties, it never proved to be a good tactic.
@_date: 2013-04-03 04:31:45
Just 1 bitcoin? haha
@_date: 2013-11-17 11:52:46
Somebody, quick, call to the moon guy.
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:06:21
Actually, they are doing exactly this (see Edan Yago's presentation on Bitcoin 2013) - starting their own country on an uninhabitable piece of land somewhere on South America.
The problem is, that it's extremely hard to get this piece of land, as all land belongs to some country and they won't give it away for nothing (even if nobody uses it). If it was as easy as just starting a new country on a an uninhabitable piece of land, it would've been done already.
@_date: 2013-07-26 23:17:08
If Russian taxpayers knew what their money go into, they'd be infuriated even more. Most people in Russia consider Bitcoin a ponzi scheme or would consider it one upon learning about it.
Also, RT seems to be a bastion of libertarianism. That's great, except that, again, the percentage of Russian people who support these views is much lower than in the US. Pretty ironic.
So a question for a true libertarian would be: is he okay with stealing other people's money as long as they are spent on promoting libertarianism? I for one am not.
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:39:50
But that's the point. Why subsidize each other through government which takes a share for itself, instead of just trading directly?!
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:36:29
Ok, sure.
a,b) The fact that it has not been successfully implemented yet doesn't mean it won't. Try this mental exercise: go to year, let's say 1500, Europe, and imagine trying to convince an average person that democracy, elections and political parties that represent people is a good thing. Pretty sure, you'd be called batshit crazy or maybe they'd even hang you just in case. If you happen to talk to an intelligent person, he'd probably say that since it's never been tried before, it would never work. Or some other excuse.
No country has ever had such a system not because it wouldn't work - how do you know if it wasn't tried? - but rather because people haven't considered it and rulers kept them ignorant of it. Bitcoin here offers a great way for people to test this idea and to break free from the money supply controlled by the government.
c) People don't really have to manage the whole economy. Each person must manage only those things that he comes in contact with and uses. For example, if I don't have a car, I have no business paying for roads. I only pay to the bus company, which then pays the road company for me. Moreover, even car owners don't have to individually decide which roads to build. They would just use the roads they need and pay as they go (one can imagine it'd be super easy to do with modern technology). Road companies would then conduct market researches and build roads that will be used by enough people. Some will go bankrupt, surely, some will flourish. But surely no individual would have to manage the whole economy. Individuals would only buy things they need. That's simple enough.
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:28:19
But they don't have any accountability. If a corporation fucks up - stop paying immediately; enough people do that - it goes out of business. Government is not scared of going out of business: people protest, it doesn't give a shit and keeps taxing you.
@_date: 2013-03-23 14:17:29
Also, who says that taxes are at all a legitimate thing and tax evasion is a crime and should be punished? I for one disagree. Prove me wrong.
@_date: 2013-08-17 01:00:23
If you only need $60 worth of Bitcoins, I think you might just go to  and find someone near you who'd sell bitcoins to you offline.
@_date: 2013-11-08 17:28:14
You may not like anti-government rhetoric, but deal with it: this is what a lot of bitcoiners, especially early ones, believe in. Government doesn't regulate lawyers because it hates Bitcoin. It regulates it because law itself is a giant monopoly of government. Government loves monopolies, especially the ones which tell people how to live their lives.
@_date: 2013-06-29 16:18:38
All you're saying is, "yes, I'm fine with robbing other people if this allows me to go to college and have a good job". Even if I agreed, although I don't, that government programs provide more social mobility - the question of morality remains: you're forcing other people to give up their money to pay for the things you want.
To me it's either you believe people made their money honestly and are entitled to them or you think they stole it and then they should go to prison. But the middle grounds where you say "they must share" is actually a mafia-like arrangement.
@_date: 2013-05-29 11:52:44
Nothing wrong with that, but many others won't. Soon enough you will realize that taxes is simply taking money away from people by force, because when it's impossible to take them by force, not many are going to pay them voluntarily. If it wasn't true, we wouldn't need IRS.
@_date: 2013-05-29 12:42:29
evil != smart
@_date: 2013-06-11 05:04:13
It's amazing how deep this "voting makes real sense" thing is embedded in people's heads. You vote with your bitcoin every time you voluntarily buy a product or a service. You don't need politicians or governments to happily live your life.
@_date: 2013-06-29 14:39:12
Now, ask yourself, are they less of slaveowners just because they took someone else's money and provided you the things you mentioned? They still own you, even more so because they claim to give you the comfort of your life.
Now you can go ahead and call it social welfare or whatever. Doesn't change the fact that you robbed your own fellow citizens. It's not government who gave you those things. It's them. And they didn't all agree with giving you those things. You okay with that?
@_date: 2013-03-22 13:01:16
Theoretically, if a government agent wants to catch you, he can pretend to be a customer, pay you with bitcoins, then charge you with not paying tax. However, he can only prove this particular transaction happened, because he can associate the address he paid to with you. As you can imagine, it is prohibitively expensive for governments to do this with all businesses and individuals while they can only prove one transaction occurred and not all others.
@_date: 2013-06-11 15:19:09
It's not a conspiracy, it's just a little bit more twisted. Wars are only profitable because those who profit from them don't actually pay for them. It works like this: public pays for wars in the form of taxes, inflation and by sending their sons and daughters to die, convinced it's for their own good. Corporations collect profits. Government officials get kickbacks in one form or another (depending on the system and the country). If corporations had to pay out of their own pocket for wars, they'd go bankrupt - it'd be more profitable to just peacefully do business.
@_date: 2013-03-24 19:54:55
You are told rights are guaranteed. In fact, they are not guaranteed at all. They are granted temporarily until a government finds it not in its interest to grant them anymore. History is full of examples.
@_date: 2013-05-29 12:44:43
You should study history of Iceland.
@_date: 2013-06-24 19:13:26
Bitcoins were mined in the first place. If we didn't have any fiat, then miners would simply start paying with bitcoins everyone else when they wanted something. It sounds kinda crazy, but that's what actually happened with gold.
Why miners should have more bitcoins? Because they recognized the significance of the technology. Again, they haven't exploited anyone by mining. And then people voluntarily decided that they wanted bitcoins because of their properties.
You can catch me on the technicalities like the one that the electricity miners used was produced by private companies, but it's not like miners had any choice. I would go as far as to say that hiring workers if you have capital is perfectly fine and it's not exploiting as long as they have other employers hunting for them. However that would be a completely different discussion. In this one, I just wanted to show that Bitcoin itself is not meant to exploit anyone by nature.
@_date: 2013-10-28 07:59:54
If answers are public, it's actually better. Your offline doctor doesn't have to demonstrate to the rest of the world his conclusions about your case. So offline doctors are actually under less scrutiny for what they advise.
@_date: 2013-03-20 21:22:44
That's interesting. How is a socialist ideology compatible with Bitcoin? I don't claim it's not, it just seems to me that since government is unable to collect taxes from bitcoin wallets using force (or, it'd be better to say, it is prohibitively expensive for government to do so), how do you see it redistributing money then?
@_date: 2013-06-24 18:07:11
No, wait. So let's say computers and smartphones are produced by companies owned by workers. I taught myself programming by reading books and experimenting, wrote code, made an app, sold it to people. How am I exploiting anyone?
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:05:42
I'm sorry, I can see you're not very enthusiastic about anarchists and libertarians, whose views, I must say, I share, but perhaps you should still read the links.
Your only excuse - and correct me if I'm wrong - seems to be that people are too lazy or ignorant to be trusted with those things. I disagree with that. One might say, that people who don't vote are not lazy or ignorant, but rather cynical about any changes resulting from their votes.
People make plenty of complicated decisions every day. Even more so, they file their tax reports too. This suggests, they would be quite capable of finding out how to spend money on other things, like roads, healthcare, private police force and others you mentioned. There are plenty of ways for paying for those things too: you could have some projects sponsored in a kickstarter manner, others may require an investor and people would pay later for using a product or a service. The difference is, that unlike taxes, each individual would only pay for things he clearly wants to have. And the poor would benefit from this system more than anyone, although I am not gonna get into this now.
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:48:35
Predatory pricing, if you look at history, never turned out to be a profitable tactic for companies. If you talk to actual business people they will tell you, that you have to be very very careful in your calculations, because if you want to force out a competitor with price, this means you'll be losing money too! It doesn't matter if a competitor has less of a market share, because you'll have to offer the same price for all units of your corresponding product. So the question is, how much you can afford to lose before your competitor goes out of business and you can raise prices again. Again, historically, this tactic was not effective for big companies across industries.
@_date: 2013-12-21 13:50:02
Yep, same for me. To be fair, though, this doesn't seem like an unrealistic scenario to me. Any cryptography experts here?
@_date: 2013-12-25 17:54:56
Do you have any evidence of how (and to what extent) the poor use all those investment options you claim are available to them?
@_date: 2013-11-07 00:23:21
That's not a conspiracy. Politicians lie. Where's a conspiracy here? Never ever trust what a government official says. In fact, the truth is always the exact opposite.
@_date: 2013-12-25 15:30:56


Nothing can be further from the truth. Very convenient for the government to say it's all those greedy businessmen's fault. No. Government promises people free stuff, doesn't have money for it, starts printing. That's all there is to it. Even if you were right and all those shopkeepers were indeed greedy, then without governments making conscious decision to print money, do you still think people would pay a higher price? And do you think there wouldn't be another shopkeeper who decided to get all of the clients of the first one by offering a reasonable price?
@_date: 2013-06-26 10:35:11
*If*? Really, *if*?
@_date: 2013-04-29 22:00:37
I will tell you this though: don't have any illusions Bitcoin will bring about anything but anarchy and the demise of governments. You may hope for it to be just another useful tool, but it's more than that. With Bitcoin, people not willing to pay taxes - won't. And that will be the majority.
@_date: 2013-05-15 15:25:25
No, don't play their game. The Bitcoin community needs to create incentives for low ranking government officials to move to our side. We need to show how investing in Bitcoin and keeping their regulatory hands away from it could benefit each and every individual. We should try to apply those incentives to individuals, not institutions. Institutions don't care, individuals do.
@_date: 2013-12-29 17:01:57
Ah yes, why is nobody laughing at my jokes?!
@_date: 2013-12-28 11:27:02
What you call tax evasion, I call theft avoidance.
But back to your assertion that Bitcoin is only for the libertarian. It's not, anyone can use. What Bitcoin does is it highlights libertarian values and makes it easier to act on them (that is, not pay taxes). If you really want everyone to force pay their taxes, then maybe you should stop using Bitcoin and encourage everyone else to stop using it, because it does make it easier to not pay taxes - IRS can still potentially track you down, but if everyone used Bitcoin, such an activity would become prohibitively expensive.
@_date: 2013-10-03 17:33:25
How about we give up the government fairytale instead?
Not everyone believes we should fund government wars, imprisonment and bureaucracy with our own money they steal from us. If you want to do it - by all means pay out of your own pocket, but you can't take my money. Zerocoin is coming, other ways of anonymizing transactions are already here. So just face it and stop forcing your social contract down everyone's throat.
@_date: 2013-06-24 18:46:52
Yes. Let's say there's no government. I can't see how is it possible for communism to convince a substantial number of people to share, let alone convince everyone. There are people who work better and those who work worse. There are more talented ones and less talented ones. There are people who are prepared to risk and those who are not. It seems to me that many of them wouldn't be willing to give up an opportunity to keep their money (and for simplicity, we're talking about the cases when these people made their money working completely on their own).
@_date: 2013-03-21 00:07:51
Here's what I'm saying: there are a lot less possibilities to tax people, especially not very rich people, when they use Bitcoin. Half of your examples seem to be invalid:
1. How do you tax rent? I'm paid with bitcoin and allow someone else to live in the apartment. For government - he's my friend, no business here.
2. How do you tax income? I'm paid in bitcoins from an anonymous address to an anonymous address.
3. Selling a vehicle? Who the hell is government to set a price for a vehicle I want to sell. I can sell for whatever I want. $1 is fine, here's your 30 cents tax. People are not gonna be happy with government setting prices.
What I agree with is that governments are not gonna go without a fight, however this looks like a vicious circle to me: they collect less money from taxes, therefore they have less resources to collect taxes. And it goes on and on.
@_date: 2013-06-24 18:22:06


I have an issue with this one. Who'd decide on the actual value and what's socially important? People have very different perspectives on what's important in life. Even more so, a single person may have different perspectives on the same things during his life.
@_date: 2013-03-21 10:57:34
But you do realize that it's impossible that 100% of people would give away money for free all the time, right? Without a state forcing them to do so, how else do you achieve this goal?
@_date: 2013-04-29 20:17:44
The roads! Yes, because nobody but the government knows how to build roads. Damn you roads, you deprive us of our liberties.
@_date: 2013-03-24 19:16:05
You're giving an example of China where a functioning government is even stronger!
What I'm trying to communicate here is:
1. Goods and services like legal protection, roads and other infrastructure can be built without a government. A government is just a middle man taking money from people and paying other people to do things it considers right. Now, there's nothing wrong with having a middle man for such purposes, however a government is a particularly crappy one: it takes money by force, it ultimately decides what to do with it although some of the taxpayers may not agree and it is a lot less accountable to both parties involved than an ordinary middle man would be. Again, let me emphasize: building roads is not some sacred knowledge only a government has. It's important to understand that without a government people would still need roads, thus market would provide roads. The difference is, market provides goods only to people who want those goods, at a time they want it and without forcing others who don't want it to pay for it too.
2. Rights are not given to you by the government. You simply have them. All governments do is take away some of your rights and then pretend they give you the rest.
3. Protection is not something only a government can provide. Governments pretend they give you protection, although in most cases unless you have a lot of money, your best bet is to only count on yourself. Also, because they have a monopoly on power, they can't protect you from themselves.
@_date: 2013-12-10 09:44:33
My guess is that of course you will be able to. It's just that it's easier to express a price in USD.
@_date: 2013-04-29 23:14:59
First of all, with Bitcoin, you can't simply say how much a person has. It will be prohibitively expensive for governments to track these kinds of things. They could, probably, try and tax visible assets and purchases, like houses and cars, but apart from that, it'd be very very difficult. Lower tax revenue would mean even less resources to dedicate for future tax collection. And so the vicious circle begins.
Don't forget that it is a temporary situation that we have to exchange bitcoins into fiat. The Bitcoin economy grows and people will have more and more options to spend their bitcoins without converting them back to fiat.
@_date: 2013-06-24 18:33:18
Let's say the whole world went bananas and accepted communism. But since we're here on the Bitcoin subreddit, I'll assume, I still have an option of saving money. That's how I get my initial capital. Everything I use I bought with the money I saved, and then I created value out of it without exploiting a single soul in the world. Why can't I keep all the money that I made with a great app people voluntarily bought (even it it's Angry Birds, what's the problem with that?)? Who's to stop me and is it immoral for me to keep the money?
EDIT: Actually, my concern is, why am I not entitled to keep more money than everyone else if what I produce, completely on my own and without exploiting anyone, has more value to people and is better than what others produce?
@_date: 2013-06-26 15:34:53
The presentation of statistics can be, and usually is, manipulated so as to support one point of view over another. A smart statistician can satisfy anyone, really, by wrapping numbers into a sweat package that technically is true, but misleads people.


thus, an opposite statement can be very well supported by statistics too. The truth is, even a careful examination of all the numbers may not provide you with a conclusion. Thus these kinds of statements, lacking even a source, deserve to be disregarded as irrelevant.
Besides, cheapness of healthcare is not the only concern. Have you factored in the money that could've been saved if people tried to live healthier lives by exercising and eating healthy? Social system doesn't really incentivize people to do it. I have a friend who's a doctor in Europe. She keeps complaining about the patients coming back repeatedly with a new STD even though the doctor explicitly told them to use protection - and taxpayers money are paying for those things.
@_date: 2013-12-25 17:21:20
Minimum wage is itself a flawed concept I wouldn't like to touch now. However, the point is that indeed, the poor and the middle class can afford alternative stores of wealth to a lesser degree than the rich. I explained in my other comment.
@_date: 2013-10-28 08:48:02
While I like the idea, one problem I see with this is that it would be impossible to verify them. Anyone could claim anything.
@_date: 2013-05-29 11:18:25
I personally don't understand how anyone in his right mind can think voting is at least a little bit important and has a potential to change things. There's no conspiracy here, it's just plain obvious.
@_date: 2013-10-31 16:30:45
Oh, cmon guys, that was obvious irony.
@_date: 2013-12-16 10:52:41
When I distrust my internet provider who provides me with crappy internet access, do I go vote for a new one with everyone else and then submit to whatever the majority decides? No, I call another company (a competitor) and stop paying the crappy one. Removing market mechanisms breeds corruption you cannot simply get rid of by voting in the right people. What you want is not a system where good people can do good things once they come to power, but where bad people can't do bad things at someone else's expense. Such a system is fundamentally impossible in politics. Activism and voting is begging your masters to give you a better life. I don't beg.
@_date: 2013-10-28 08:11:49
If a person agreed beforehand he bares full responsibility for acting on such an advice, should anyone but this person be liable? I don't believe so.
@_date: 2013-06-11 19:34:01
The cheaper way is always to avoid violence. Even governments understand this, that's why they actually convince people that taxes are for their own good. No government can operate if all people believe it's illegitimate to take money from them. They use an effective combination of a threat of force (not force itself) and persuasion.
A corporation may attempt something like that too, basically tricking people into buying their products or services, but there's a difference: the very moment people realize they've been screwed, they stop paying. The very moment people realize this corporation is threatening to hurt them, they stop paying. There's no voting. It's just money.
One can probably imagine a very powerful corporation indeed, that could attempt to take away things by force or threat of force, but it would be a lot less powerful than a government in the first place. And it would have to turn into one at some point, as no one would agree to deal with it as a business anymore. So, whatever it is, I'd rather go with big evil corporations than with a centralized government. The more distribution of power there is, the better.
@_date: 2013-11-08 23:52:44
No, you see, I didn't mean I dislike law. I dislike the monopoly of law. Like when some people don't like gay marriage or weed, it's a state matter. All people in that state, whether they like it or not, must obey. For many, it is impractical or impossible to move. What you should really have in a perfect society is multilegalism, where people are clients of protection agencies with sets of laws they themselves choose to live by (like packages plans, but for laws). If there's a dispute between clients of two different firms, then it is resolved through a party agreed upon by two firms in advance... A lot can be said, but I recommend reading David. D. Friedman on that matter.
@_date: 2013-10-28 07:21:09
So essentially, what you're saying is, people who use Bitcoin are stupid. I personally find this idea that people need nannies because they are not smart enough to make their own decisions utterly wrong. Even when it comes to healthcare.
Besides, if you are really concerned with people acting stupid and not treating themselves, you should start with homeopathy, not with websites that make a fair attempt to be good at providing a valuable service.
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:42:00
What power will they have? are you talking about the power to listen to everyone's calls? Or maybe kill children with drones? Or maybe it's the power to jail people who smoke weed?
I would prefer multiple big players had similar powers, competing amongst each other as to who uses it better, rather than a single monopoly of power not giving a fuck about anyone's rights.
@_date: 2013-06-24 16:51:54
I'm being a little brief in this post, but obviously, anarcho-capitalists offer a great deal of solutions on how a society could function (and function better) without a government. Once you open yourself to the possibility, you can start exploring.
@_date: 2013-06-11 05:01:11
You willing to pay taxes doesn't mean everyone else is willing to do the same: they're called taxes for a reason - and the reason is that they're taken by force from people who don't want to give them. You want protection - hire a protection agency, but don't expect people to agree with you on your stupid codes and prohibitions.
@_date: 2013-10-23 04:46:59
I can't believe people like you are part of the Bitcoin community. The creator of this website doesn't force anyone to take advice from doctors. He merely offers it. And, mind you, offers it to people who might not have access to quality medical help.
That's not even mentioning the fact that it would first be important to know which jurisdiction this site is in and which jurisdiction the doctors on this website are. What if all of them are from countries that have no fucking relation to the US law whatsoever? I know, I know - bomb them!
@_date: 2013-08-28 06:26:56
One more question: what is the OS choice available for a VPS? It's not indicated on the website.
@_date: 2013-04-30 00:14:29
I'm in software.
There's no profession that compels people to think like this. It's either you feel deep down inside yourself what freedom and liberty really is supposed to be like or you don't. I was always resentful of government institutions, even when I didn't know what libertarianism or anarcho-capitalism was.
@_date: 2013-06-06 06:59:22
"Certainly the have good intentions" is the best. I love it when people just assume governmental institutions have good intentions. At best, one can claim they have an appearance of good intentions.
@_date: 2013-04-07 11:56:35
Probably so, agreed.
@_date: 2013-12-25 17:47:11
You seem to confuse wages and savings again.
So let's say I make $10/h. I spend em all. Inflation doesn't bother me, but I stay poor. If I'd like to get a better job I need new skills. How am I gonna get them? One of the popular choices is going to a college. That costs money upfront. I can either get a loan or try to save (or ask my parents, but that means they either had to save it or get a loan too). Without the skills, I'll be at the same dead-end job.
I can also decide to start my own business. This requires capital upfront. Unless I'm some smart ass programmer from the bay area (and I'm not, I don't have any skills!) it'd be very difficult for me to get an investment. Thus, I would either have to get a loan or save.
Now, inflation makes saving a lot less likely and, thus, leaves only the second option of borrowing. This is exactly the way inflation affects the poor: it keeps them poor by stripping them off the option of saving money.
@_date: 2013-08-17 00:42:05
Drop it. You know where this is going. In the next comment he will be telling you that you are always free to leave to Somalia and not be obliged by the "social contract".
@_date: 2013-06-24 18:05:13
De Beers is literally ONE monopoly that managed to exists without government support (this case actually puzzled Milton Friedman too). All other monopolies exist thanks to government regulations, licensing etc. Give me one example of a monopoly that existed for a long time without any government support?
@_date: 2013-08-17 00:38:29
I wish people would realize taxes are theft and any kind of service a government provides can be provided more effectively and cheaper by private companies. That is not even mentioning all the wars, where many innocent people die, financed by your so called "social contract" and taxes.
@_date: 2013-06-24 18:36:39
If you claim you're not forcing anyone to give up the fruits of their labor (as in taxes or anything similar), then I'm totally fine with that. It just seems that not many would choose to participate in communism voluntarily, so communist societies would be very small and they will operate on capitalistic principles with the rest of the outside world.
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:08:33
So, it must be a great idea to pick other people's pockets so that rural population can have their roads? I wonder why do you assume that those living in populated areas somehow owe something to those living in rural areas?
@_date: 2013-06-29 17:55:05
Can you stop paying to the government if you dislike their services and switch to a different service provider? If you don't the like how police treats people, can you stop paying to the government and switch to a private force? No. At best, you'd have to pay to both. Or take schools. Or roads. Or anything a government provides. You can't simply stop paying. That is in stark contrast to what you would be able to do if you didn't like your landlord for some reason: you could go out and find a better one because there's competition.
"Leaving" is an illusion. You can only leave to a place that also forces taxes money out of you. And even that you can't do without going through tons of bureaucratic bullshit that's gonna cost you.
Cmon man, are you're telling me government is not mafia? I don't pay, they "beat me" AND take my money away. Plain simple. There's nowhere to leave.
@_date: 2013-10-23 03:22:28
My guess is that those guys correctly identified that people who have no access to medical help for whatever reasons care a lot less about doctor's liabilities, they just need help. It's like with FDA - yes, they protect people from new untested drugs, but how many die because they don't get them in time?
@_date: 2013-06-18 10:53:34
Expatriate to yet another place that's gonna tax you.
My point is this: government provides those things you pay taxes for as a monopoly. If you don't like the quality of the services it provides or you don't need them at all, you can't stop paying. That's not just monopoly, that's theft + monopoly. Now, of course, here comes the argument, that it's legitimate, because everyone accepts democracy and you are welcome to vote. But, what if I told you it's not actually everyone? What about people who think it's immoral to force minority to pay for things the majority thinks is right? You're basically telling them to shut up and keep paying or be forced to go to jail. That's not freedom.
@_date: 2013-03-31 15:21:29
I don't quite understand. His presentation I may not appreciate, but what he says doesn't seem to be incorrect. Just because you think he acts weird and speaks emotionally doesn't necessarily mean he's wrong.
@_date: 2013-05-08 07:53:21
I can see it. When I trade I don't care about the price, but rather about dynamics. If it goes up too fast, you can expect a major drop. This thing is perfect. I can't tell you how much money I could have made if I didn't sleep through the dips. Upvoted, great idea.
@_date: 2013-03-24 18:28:33
Of course, no one else would be able to provide people with all those services if government didn't exist.
@_date: 2013-06-24 19:03:35


Yes, this is an explanation I can't get my head around. I really think Bitcoin protocol doesn't say anything about how bitcoins should be earned. If I hire you to fix my TV as a freelancer and pay you in bitcoins, is it exploitation? If I buy a TV for bitcoins from a company owned by workers, and then those workers each get an equal share of my bitcoins, is it exploitation? I don't see it.
@_date: 2013-06-11 15:06:13
Pretty sure within those industries people disagree. My point is, you can't always have rules that everyone likes and thinks are good. Some of them indeed are supported by everyone, but that only means they would voluntarily follow them anyway and you don't need to enforce them.
With a government you have to force rules upon others who disagree. They may disagree for very legitimate reasons, and government may pick rules that simply favor one group over another for no other reason than favoritism. You can't prove government only picks good rules. What it's supposed to do and what you would like government to do is an entirely different question. Government is just people, like you and me: they have their objectives and the fact that you expect them to be honest doesn't mean they are.
And again, what is a good rule? You can claim your point of view is scientifically proved, but that doesn't make another person's opinion less important. You have **to convince people, not force them**.
@_date: 2013-05-30 06:00:29
So if humans are inherently greedy (which I agree with), wouldn't it make the existence of government even more dangerous? Wouldn't unlimited monopoly of force attract the greediest? The problem with statists is usually this: you guys think people in governments are, on average, more honest and less driven by self-interest. Whereas in reality, those jobs tend to attract the worst people. You say, if government is bad, we should fix it, but your solution (at best) is to vote in some other people simply believing their promises. Inevitably, this will lead to the same thing: abuse of power, unkept promises, corruption.
Anarchists don't believe all people are good and unselfish. On the contrary, they do believe they are very much not that. What anarchists propose though is NOT to have an excessive central power which greedy people could use to their advantage and do a lot more harm than they would otherwise.
@_date: 2013-07-15 06:33:39


Let's say a serial killer murdered 10 kids and then helped an old lady pass the street. I wonder if I should think his actions and character are not all black and white.
@_date: 2013-04-03 03:20:32
I find it hilarious when socialists love bitcoin. I mean, by all means, keep participating if you believe it's gonna build you socialism, but it's just not going to happen.
@_date: 2013-08-15 15:19:11
Beware that since people are becoming a little smarter and no longer believe claims such as "for your own protection", "we're thinking about the kids" and "it's a threat to our national security" government will come up with more subtle ways to get what it wants. For most people the idea of not believing anything a government says is absurd, so it's just a question of finding the right angle and wording.
@_date: 2013-12-17 14:36:41
Judging by Google Translate and the legitimacy of the source, I'd say this news is now verified.
@_date: 2013-06-18 13:10:26
@_date: 2013-07-26 02:48:48
Really? I thought TED talks are full of statists/liberals. That's not to say they don't have bright ideas, but when it comes to politics TED crowd would definitely identify as liberals, whereas Bitcoin crowd are generally libertarians. I realize not all bitcoiners are libertarians, but definitely the majority. And they wouldn't define TED crowd as free thinkers.
@_date: 2013-10-28 07:53:07
Same question applies to offline doctors. If, indeed, 10 different doctors have 10 different opinions, how does a patient know which one to follow?
@_date: 2013-04-03 04:55:58
You giving something willingly doesn't mean everyone else thinks like you. If tomorrow IRS said "oh, well, just pay us if you feel like", not many people would. This very situation would expose the true nature of taxation, which is taking money by force.
@_date: 2013-08-27 18:15:26
Does this mean anonymous purchases or do you require some id?
@_date: 2013-06-05 19:49:55
Prediction: a bunch of liberals walk into this thread, say they actually like Bitcoin, but one should not dismiss IMF and serious economists, because it's not all black and white and it's complicated.
@_date: 2013-12-28 11:19:55
Well you can, but don't assume everyone's willing to report how much bitcoins they have to your beloved three letter agencies. Some people believe taxes are theft and now with Bitcoin they can act on this belief. Whatever your point of view on taxes, it's irrelevant. Bitcoin makes it easier to not pay taxes, period.
@_date: 2013-04-29 20:54:49
People willing to use them? Directly to the company providing said roads, without sponsoring government bloodsuckers' private jets?
@_date: 2013-06-26 12:27:50
"The Machinery Of Freedom" is basically a very thorough explanation of how a society without a government may function. So it's all about private companies, essentially. Private protection, private law, private roads, private everything. And it's written in a very calm intellectual tone, so if you dislike vocal anarchists claiming "taxes are theft, overthrow the government" - that's your kind of book.
@_date: 2013-03-23 15:12:56
Why do you think I can't do it with the US? Are you seriously suggesting that if the US wakes up tomorrow without any government and means to build it again, it will deteriorate into Somalia?
@_date: 2013-12-16 07:03:59
What you call tax evasion I call theft avoidance.
@_date: 2013-06-24 18:02:58
No disrespect, but maybe there's a reason for the Bitcoin community to be this? Why do you think people in the Bitcoin community tend to be libertarians rather than leftists?
@_date: 2013-10-23 07:04:23
The question is not whether it should be tested or not. The question is whether an individual should make a choice of using it or not. If FDA simply gave advice to people, whether they should use a drug or not, it'd be a completely different story. Then you'd have different consumer protection organizations (like FDA, but private) on the market, competing with each other and testing various drugs. People then would decide for themselves whom to trust and what ratio of risk to success they would like to take.
Right now you have a monopolist in consumer protection market with the force of keeping any product it wishes from the market. That can't be good.
@_date: 2013-06-24 16:59:32
*Free* market created *central* banks? I'm sorry, that's false. Central banks were created by nothing else but governments.
@_date: 2013-06-24 19:23:41
Also, it doesn't really matter if Bitcoin initially emerged straight out of rubber plantations! The question is, why wouldn't people use it when no one's to restrict them? If you can convince them Bitcoin is immoral and hiring other people for it is immoral - great, but I don't see that ever happening unless you force them to. It's just statistically impossible that all people voluntarily accept communism.
@_date: 2013-06-24 18:00:49
Thanks for your perspective. Here's a question I always wanted to ask a communist(-anarchist). So there's no government. Who prevents businessmen from hiring people willing to voluntarily work for them?
Also, what if I created a super-popular iPhone app all on my own and made a lot of money selling it. Now I'm rich. But I haven't exploited any workers. How does communism deal with me?
@_date: 2013-04-29 23:52:45
Of course not. I don't really have any illusion that Amazon or Walmart are going to start accepting Bitcoin. But that's where mom and pop stores may come into picture again and compete effectively. Bitcoin is a perfect tool to allow small businesses to compete against big corporations.
Sooner or later governments will be gone. Not all at once and definitely not without a fight. But don't kid yourself, Bitcoin is opposed, in any sense, to the very idea of government and taxation. And it is especially difficult to fight mathematics.
@_date: 2013-06-24 18:28:01
So the argument being, let's not abolish a government because it may all consolidate into a de-facto government again? Well, what do we have to lose then? It's not gonna get worse. We might as well try. If it doesn't work - hey, we're simply back to killing people with drones and surveillance state again!
@_date: 2013-05-29 11:01:29
I don't think op was talking to moms and pops. Op was talking to people on this subreddit.
@_date: 2013-05-28 10:34:48
They will never fight Bitcoin directly or declare Bitcoin itself illegal. Too dangerous and useless, exposes the fear. Best to fight it in covert ways.
@_date: 2013-02-25 23:13:43
Question: do I still have to fill in my real name and other personal info?
@_date: 2013-03-20 20:12:51
You've got to be out of your mind to buy this.
@_date: 2013-06-26 17:46:56
Well, here's the thing: you and I can both use Bitcoin, no problem. However you believe taxes are good, and I believe taxes are evil. Bitcoin opens up a lot more options for people to avoid paying taxes. Wouldn't you then say it is more aligned with my views than yours?
I guess my point is this: you can believe whatever you want, but make no mistake - Bitcoin means the end of taxation and the end of State. Not too soon, but it's gonna happen. Think about it this way: if tomorrow IRS announced taxes can be paid voluntarily, how many do you think would keep doing it? 10%? 5%? That's what Bitcoin is: it allows people to own the money they earned and decide what to do with them voluntarily. Regardless of how inventive IRS may be, they're still on a budget and it's going to be prohibitively expensive for them to try and extract bitcoins - possible, but prohibitively expensive.
@_date: 2013-12-29 12:07:39
Krugman is great at making anti-predictions. Next time Krugman doesn't like something, I'm investing all my money into it.
@_date: 2013-06-26 11:19:37
I agree with the pension/scholarship. However with some things it's virtually impossible to find any kind of replacement for the service or the product because government monopolized it. Roads in cities, for instance, are owned by government, it is impossible for a person to move around without using them. Of course, there's nothing that prevents private companies from building and maintaining roads, except for government monopoly and regulations. Thus the steps should be the following 1) stop theft 2) government monopolies have no means to fund themselves anymore, private companies take over.
@_date: 2013-06-18 04:26:47
Well good luck spending all the taxpayers money trying to identify to whom addresses on the blockchain belong in order to tax them. They can try, but with the rise of Zerocoin and other means of hiding identity, it's going to be not just prohibitively expensive, but outright impossible. We'll see for how long the liberal dream of "I pay taxes because I think it's a good thing" holds after that.
@_date: 2013-04-29 18:47:19
Yes, like building drones to kill people and imprison without trial. Totally legitimate. Hey, nobody's perfect, right?
@_date: 2013-12-16 06:05:07
Well, once again, good luck trying to tax it. Norway's relative success and quality of life is no excuse for theft.
@_date: 2013-03-23 14:30:40
You obviously don't like the idea of a free market and don't believe that it can do wonderful things, but let me just say this: have an exercise once a day and try to imagine how a particular problem might be solved by free market without a government. Any problem you mentioned would do. Just open up to the idea for a little while and play with it - try to honestly come up with solutions and ignore the itch to say "surely, it's impossible without a government". You'll be amazed.
The report you mentioned doesn't sound logical at all, btw. Anyone can come up with an example of a strong government in country where economy is shit.
@_date: 2013-10-31 10:09:22
But everyone knows currency needs regulations. Don't be naive. You libertarians should give up on this thinking that somehow Bitcoin is going to bring your wet libertarian dream into reality. I don't care that the government kills millions around the world and puts people in jail for victimless crimes on your money! You owe the society to do those things (that's in the social contract, you moron) and if you disagree you can vote. Once in 4 years. Or go to Somalia. Problem?
@_date: 2013-06-24 19:04:38
And it doesn't make any difference if we know them or not. They don't seem to care a tiny bit.
@_date: 2013-06-18 15:03:37
Well, that brings up two questions: 1) what are basic services and who defines what they are 2) do people who provide (or pay via taxes) for those services do it at their own will.
For instance, it's a great and honorable idea that everyone should have access to quality healthcare. However, people seem to forget that it's actual doctors who do the work and they must feed their kids and themselves.
Currently what is being done in the more socialist countries is the following: doctors are paid by a government, because, obviously, they wouldn't work for free. However, government pays to those doctors out of someone else's pocket. No one ever asked those people who pay doctors (via taxes) if they consider free healthcare the best way to help the poor (for instance, it may be much cheaper and more effective to provide quality food so that people get sick less). So, someone always pays as there is no such thing as free something. My point is that it is immoral to force people to pay and that we should instead convince them to do it voluntarily.
@_date: 2013-06-26 10:30:55
Whoever says no, should make very explicit the reason - that taxes are theft. Oftentimes the public thinks of tax-evaders as greedy bastards taking away from the poor. I think it's important to get people at least familiar with the idea that taxes are theft. They may not agree with this, but they should understand why someone would refuse to pay: not because he's greedy, but because it's a matter of principle.
@_date: 2013-06-24 19:36:19
I think people who are now bitcoin-rich were not rich at all when they started mining. The technology first emerged in 2009. It was all over the HackerNews at that time and I remember seeing all those posts and wondering "wtf is this shit all about, let's move on". Oh little did I know! If only I was smart enough back then to at least bother myself to read one single article about it, I could probably mine thousands of bitcoins on a device primitive enough as my damn phone! It was there, available to anyone! Only when I read Rothbard and other libertarians and only when I studied economics a little bit I understood the value of Bitcoin. It was already too late to mine, but I managed to buy a little bit while it was around $10. Again, little did I know, because I would've spend all of my savings (instead of a fraction of it) had I understood it better.
Answering your question: no, you don't have to bow down to those who recognized an innovation. Neither should I. What we should do instead is look out for other underappreciated innovations, which you can be sure will emerge in the future. I think the best way to equality is not to demand it from those who outperformed you, but catch up and make them chase you. This is the way of life.
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:38:39
Stop paying != stop paying anyone. I meant to say, if you don't like something about a particular company, a competitor always emerges who'd be happy to sell to you. Standard Oil indeed was a monopoly, but only for a while: because 1) it first bothered itself with Oil seriously (Rockefeller invested in Oil against all odds) and 2) it had connections in the government, obviously. So, strictly speaking, it's impossible not to be a monopoly for a while if you are the first one to sell something.
@_date: 2013-10-28 05:37:49
Offtopic: what an unusual username for this subreddit, OP.
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:18:12


No, my position is that even though the point of business IS to make money, competition will prevent businesses from ripping customers off. Greed only works when you have a monopoly (which, btw, government ultimately is) and only to a certain extent. You can't make more money charging more for the same product which your competitor sells at a lower price.


Let's be clear on what inflation is. If you call "raising prices" an inflation, as some economists do, then yes, printing money is one of the reasons. Another reason may be that some products become more scarce or demand increases, while supply remains the same. No such thing as greed, though. Shopkeepers cannot just raise prices out of greed, because competitors would very fast to get all of their customers (simplified, but still).
What I call inflation is an increase in money supply. This is always caused by printing money (obviously) and it's ultimately a bad thing because it simply robs everyone who saves. When your grandma saves money for your birthday present, government prints money and practically robs her without her even noticing it! It's a perfect crime hidden by layers and layers of economic terms and bullshit. No one ever asked your grandma if she wants to give some of the money she saved away simply because government needs another war to fund. Yet, it's being done. Bitcoin claims to take that power away from governments.
@_date: 2013-06-24 18:16:14
I think this is an interesting discussion, so let me go a little further down the rabbit hole. I want to get to the source of the problem.
As you mentioned, books are written by someone. That is, by authors. Those authors wrote those books without exploiting workers - especially in the modern age, we can imagine people self-publishing quality material. Everything else I used was also made by workers collectively owning an equal share in companies they work for.
Now here's me, I purchased everything I needed to create an app on money I made while working collectively for a company I part-owned. Then I quit, made my own app and became richer than everyone else by selling my app to WILLING buyers. Explain what's wrong with this and why can't I be richer?
@_date: 2013-06-18 12:44:23
I don't really understand how this idea emerged in your head? How on earth one competes for customers by killing them? Protection agencies are in business to make money, not kill other people and possibly themselves. Violence is very very expensive and risky.
The only reason we have violence in the world today is because of various governments, who do not actually pay for wars themselves, but rather take money from ordinary people in the form of taxes and in inflation and pay for wars. If government officials had to pay for wars from their own pockets and had to send their own children to war, they wouldn't be very much in favor of it.
So answering your question, yes, I would rather much prefer to call a private protection company which is actually getting money directly from me and which customer I directly am.
@_date: 2013-03-23 13:42:54
So are you telling this guy that the reason he is able to produce something other people want is because the government allows him to?
@_date: 2013-10-28 06:56:56
Of course. But if you only had 10 bucks in your pocket, you'd reconsider. Also, if I wasn't satisfied with my real doctor's approach, I'd be sure to spend additional 10 bucks for a second opinion (which would be public and subject to scrutiny, btw - unlike my doctor's opinion).
@_date: 2013-08-24 13:51:27
I don't think the explanation that it was created by government is plausible. Two reasons:
1. NSA revelations were only revelations to those who either didn't understand technology or were foolish enough to say that government was actually on our side, means no harm and probably wouldn't spy at such a scale. I guess we can safely assume Satoshi was neither one of those two types of people.
2. It must be much easier to stay anonymous if you simply opensource the code, post on forums and do nothing else. That is, you are basically represented online by bytes of text. Without knowing his physical parameters, like voice or fingerprints, it'd be really hard to trace this guy. A lot of time has passed, and at the time government was probably not concerned and did not understand the threat coming from Bitcoin. Even if we assume that NSA dumps all the internet and stores it for a long time, it would still be more difficult to try and trace someone from 4 years ago.
My guess is that they tried to identify him. They probably have a couple of suspects. But really, what's the point? The genie is out of the bottle anyway.
@_date: 2013-10-26 05:49:00
A better option: do not accept those bitcoins for any products and services so criminals cannot spend them anywhere.
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:39:14
Austrian economics calls increase in money supply an inflation: 
I believe this to be more accurate.
The reason I don't like to quote sources is because it prevents people from thinking logically for themselves in the first place. They just look at a source and based on whether this source aligns with their system of values either reject it or accept it.
What I want to debate here is not the definition of inflation. I want to debate that printing money is theft, which Bitcoin allows to avoid. That's what is important. If you can convince me it's not - without using any goddamn source, but logically, then I welcome further discussion.
@_date: 2013-12-21 20:19:36
Yes. If you're in the US, you can buy bitcoins on Coinbase. You'd need to provide your bank account info though. If you're banking with Chase, don't do it - Chase recently banned all Bitcoin-related transactions and they man close your account.
@_date: 2013-10-28 07:56:48
So what is your solution? Would you like to simply ban this site? Or would you like to force it to obtain licences and follow all regulations even though you know this would increase the costs and offered advice may become inaccessible to many people?
Or would you like to let people decide for themselves whether they want to use this site or not?
@_date: 2013-10-28 08:57:36
How would you verify an advice turned out to be a bad advice? I could be posting someone else's pictures and lie. I don't think it's actually possible. AMA verifies personalities, not symptoms.
@_date: 2013-03-21 01:25:57
Your answers imply that no non-governmental dispute resolution agency can exist. There are numerous ways to stay protected without a government, relying on yourself or private firms. The reason people still rely on government courts and law enforcement system is because it's a monopoly that prohibits all competitors. There are much more effective and cheaper ways to achieve the same means.
If I were you and really believed in socialism, I would never support Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-17 06:50:38
Is this some kind of scam? 94% odds of winning? Really? I'm sending my money already.
@_date: 2013-12-25 17:32:58
You're saying inflation doesn't affect the poor because wages grow with inflation. But I'm not talking about wages! I'm talking about savings! If a poor person decides to save, inflation hits him.
Again, I dislike linking to sources. I want logical argument from a person who I'm talking to. If you yourself cannot understand how this all works and convince me, why should I trust the sources you're giving me?
On the subject of inflation and why it hurts the poor and the middleclass (if my arguments haven't convinced you) I recommend reading Murray Rothbard.
@_date: 2013-08-01 05:28:44
God I hate flat.
@_date: 2013-06-18 13:08:48
That's a question that has multiple answers.
1. In the absence of government monopoly of protection, prices on the market are going to go down significantly. So it's not going to be like now, when private protection agencies are basically for the elites.
2. The poor now are at disadvantage with the government provided protection, because they are not their customers. Ask anyone from the black neighborhood how they like the police protection provided by the government. Pretty sure they would pay at least a little bit for a better protection service.
3. Finally, people have responsibilities to take care of the poor in our society, government doesn't have any responsibilities (because it also consists of people). If you want poor to have basic services - create a charity fund, and **convince** me and others that you are going to distribute donations efficiently and fairly among those in need of protection, healthcare etc. Don't come with a gun to my home and order me to give you money because you believe it's a good thing to help the poor (while you actually spend money on drones and NSA).
@_date: 2013-06-26 11:59:59


I am. I think there should be a polylegal system in which there are people who pay to be customers of law enforcement companies. You might be interested to read "The Machinery of Freedom" by David D. Friedman (he's an economist AND a lawyer). Being an anarchist doesn't mean to obey no laws, but be free to choose which laws to obey.


This is a myth. First of all, I'm not at all free to do that. Iceland has very strict laws concerning immigration, for instance. But it's difficult even with countries with relatively loose laws in that regard. Finally, I'm moving to yet another country that is taxing me. No difference.


As was the case with modern democracy and elections. Yet people somehow came up with those ideas and implemented them. If something has never been done before, it doesn't mean it shouldn't.
@_date: 2013-04-01 03:16:20
I disagree. Pretty sure there were a lot of eccentric preachers in the 90s, when the internet just started to catch up. In any case, I think Max Keiser is making his bet. If Bitcoin doesn't catch up - well, he's done. If, on the other hand, it does catch up - he's "I told you that" guy and I'm pretty sure his ratings and reputation go through the roof. So, in my view, he's investing his money AND reputation into this, whereas everyone else are investing just money. Have some respect.
That said, I don't enjoy the eccentric manner of his presentation, but he's got the guts.
@_date: 2013-12-16 10:17:45
Nobody's saying that you have a problem paying taxes. But some people may not believe they're getting their money worth, yet they have no way to stop paying, because they would risk big fines and possibly going to jail. It is one thing to say "I pay taxes and I'm glad I do" and another "Everyone should be glad they're paying taxes". You have to realize, taxes is a forced extraction of money out of people. Convince your friend to pay by providing a superior service or an accountable charity, don't just order your friend because you believe you (or government) know(s) better how to spend his money.
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:30:28
People are not government. Government is a small group of those people who have their own interests in mind first and foremost. They lie to get elected and get power and lie to stay in power. That is all.
@_date: 2013-06-04 18:36:17
Dude, forget about statists. They will keep complaining about the libertarian circle jerk and shit. Don't matter. By all means, let them use Bitcoin. They will wake up one day to realize their beloved government is a scam and nobody wants to pay taxes when they can't be forced to. These people are delusional to no end, they will never, remember, never agree with the libertarian ideas. What matters is what's going to work regardless of what they believe in. Ideas are bulletproof.
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:02:04
Though I agree that any power that becomes too large is dangerous, however, in my view, only with the help of a government can a power grow uncontrollably.
@_date: 2013-10-17 00:49:32
There's a website called  but they haven't launched yet, from what I understand.
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:35:18
hello $1k.
@_date: 2013-12-25 17:18:25
I've read your other comment. As I understand, your claim is that because poor don't save much, they are not affected by inflation. However, in my view, it is the other way round: the poor don't save because of the inflation (or, to be precise, they are discouraged from doing so). And, thus, their only option to break the cycle of poverty is to get a loan. Loans, if you're poor, unlike savings, make you a lot less mobile and actually restrict your freedom (can't afford to lose your job, can't afford to try and start your own business and be unprofitable for a while).
Then also, inflation hits the middle class. Middle class cannot afford (or, again, to be more precise, can afford to a much lesser extent) expensive accountants and brokers that would teach you how to save your money and invest in assets that could protect your wealth from inflation.
Now, the wealthy is the group hit the least by inflation, because they can afford to store their wealth in assets that may simply be unavailable even to the middle class (like expensive real estate).
Consider deflation now. It is the ultimate rich tax. Whenever a rich person invests money and actually profits it means more products or services has been produced in the economy. Thus, the value of each unit of the currency actually increases, and so the savings of everyone, even the poor, also increase. No need for IRS. No need for any kind of force. It just naturally happens so that when a rich guy makes money, everyone else does too.
@_date: 2013-03-23 15:28:10
Why do I have to agree with what some professors think? Why can't I agree with Milton Friedman or David Friedman or Murray Rothbard or Ludwig von Mises? Who says one group is right and the other is wrong? They've been studying economics their whole life too.
@_date: 2013-10-09 07:11:57
Politicians already steal our money taxing us, now please stop feeding them even more.
@_date: 2013-10-28 08:32:08
Tell me this: would you personally be in favor of banning a site like this if you could do it?
@_date: 2013-05-08 12:16:51
I disagree. I used to stay up late on the exchange site only because I didn't want to miss the moment. Fucking hated myself, 90% of the time nothing happened and it was a bad idea. With this, I'll go straight to bed and will sleep like a baby.
@_date: 2013-11-08 11:46:21
Dude, the state wants those things to be illegal, because then lawyers become expensive and only rich can afford to buy their services. Wake up and realize that the state is not on your side or on the side of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-29 18:39:23
Murray Rothbard
@_date: 2013-06-24 18:49:09
Why are you on the Bitcoin subreddit in the first place, then, if you don't believe it's a good thing?
Also, why wouldn't I buy it with bitcoins? In the absence of government, there's no one to force me and anyone else not to use Bitcoin?