@_author: brokeharvard
@_date: 2017-02-06 14:20:31
Is there any chance you guys will add two factor authentication any time soon?
@_date: 2017-02-06 06:26:59
Agreed. I think it makes sense from the perspective of diversification. Similar to a lead bank syndicating out a big loan it made to other banks--The lead bank doesn't necessarily syndicate the loan bc it thinks the loan has a negative expected value. The lead bank may just be trying to decrease the range/volatility of expected returns (even if it decreases overall/mean expected return for the big bank). I'm not positive that is the case with Genesis Mining, but it makes sense from a law and economics perspective.
@_date: 2017-03-17 03:27:44
The research concludes somewhat paradoxically (but at the same time, perhaps unsurprisingly given the effect of price on the incentive to mine) that increases in supply of a cryptocurrency are positively correlated with its price.
@_date: 2017-03-07 03:43:54
I know this is going to be an unpopular view but here it goes. I disagree with revcback. I think bitcoin mining makes sense from an economics perspective based on the benefits of diversification. The economics of renting out cloud mining hash power is similar to that of a lead bank syndicating out a big loan it made to other banks (if you don't know what that is, check out investopedia:  lead bank doesn't necessarily syndicate the loan bc it thinks the loan has a negative expected value. The lead bank normally is just trying to decrease the range/volatility of expected returns (even if it decreases overall/mean expected return for the big bank). I'm not positive that is the case with Genesis Mining, but it makes sense from an economics perspective.
Also, with regard to the original post, sure you may not achieve ROI within 1 year, but few investments do. And by the poster's calculations, you would be at 23% ROI by 1.5 years! That may not seem like a lot to someone looking for a get-rich-quick scheme, but that is a pretty amazing return considering that the vast majority of Wall Street hedge funds can't beat the average market return of only 6-8% a year over the long term (see, e.g.,  Plus, once you achieve positive ROI, you're just making pure profit until the contract stops running because fees overcome mining revenues, without any risk of losing your already gained revenues (unlike with, for example, an investment in stock, where in order to get more profits, you always have to risk all your investment and previous returns evaporating bc the company could become insolvent due to an unforeseen event). 
With regard to the risk of the contract stopping prematurely due increasing fees/block difficulty, I think that risk is somewhat naturally hedged by the economics of the contract. Although block difficulty could increase faster than expected if there is a rush of people starting to mine more, people will only rush to mine more if bitcoin skyrockets in price (thus making the bitcoins you did mine/are mining worth more, and thus causing an increase in revenue per bitcoin mined that offsets the increased difficulty of mining).
I'm not saying that I have all the answers or that I'm necessarily right. But I think that there is a valid argument that cloud mining need not be a scam and that the economics work out.