@_author: broken_lenses
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:30:16
This has been talked about moderately as of late and there has been a trend in the responses, but after talking to real life tax people, I think there may be more to it than what is shared here.
The general idea that you'll get is that you must report all of your transactions. This is treated as capital so you should document the value of when you bought it AND sold it.
In your example, it doesn't matter the cash amount (when you said 1K for 1K). What matters is the amount of coin that was sold.
If you sell your coin within a year it's classified as a short term and you add it into your taxes as part of your regular income and you'll get taxes accordingly. If you held it for over a year it's a long term gain and the taxes can be much less.
The part that I personally don't think is accurate is when some say you must report every move regardless if you cash out or not. I think if you reinvest it (buy more bitcoin) then you don't have to report it because you put everything back into the capital, you're net gain is back to zero because you haven't permanently sold the capital.
The example of buying a house was used when I spoke to a tax expert. If buy a house then sell it you're given time to reinvest the money you profited from the sale. If you buy another house with all of money then you're net gain is zero, but you traded up in house (theoretically). However if you sold your house and keep the money then you file under its proper classification (short or long) and pay taxes accordingly.
If you apply the idea that is being shared that you have to report every transaction regardless if you buy coin back to the idea of the house buy/sell then you'd be fucked. I sold a house and used that money to buy another one, but yet I have to pay taxes on the amount I profited from the sell? I don't have any of that money though so I would go into debt when I put that money back into market. Does that make sense? You pay the tax on what you keep. That's how I understood it.
Now, if you use bitcoin for daily transactions then yes, in this case you have to itemize every single move because you took your capital and turned it into something completely different. I think there's a bill or a move trying to be made that says if you're buying less than X amount of money you don't have to report. Basically trying to not having to deal with these small transaction reporting.
Look forward to see if anyone has other takes on it, but this is where I'm currently at with the understanding.
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:09:06
Ah, okay. I suppose uncle sam is going to get his no matter which way you try to spell it.
I can start see why the extremely wealthy get hard when hearing the words "tax break"
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:12:40
But you bought it back? That's what I'm not sure about. Yes I sold it, but I bought it back. It just so happens that it cost less/more
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:10:30
I think here you're confusing money with the coin. 
Like you see 1k go in and 1k go out so you see it as 0 gain. But the real story and what matters is the amount of coin you sold to get the 1K.
So, to keep it simple, say you put 1k and got 1 coin. The value doubles. Now you only need to sell 0.5 coin to get the 1K. It's not a perfect 1 for 1 that the money makes it look out to be.
In this example you have to keep the coin amount the same. So when you first bought you paid 500 for 0.5 coin. Then you sold 0.5 for 1k. So you gained 500 off that 0.5 and that's what you pay taxes on. That's why you need to keep track of how much the coin was worth or else you'll get lost quick.
@_date: 2019-06-30 15:42:59
Think you're thinking of a SATA cable, which should be correct. HD mount via USB.