@_author: bromyiqis900
@_date: 2016-04-21 14:35:40
No, it's their power that gives them power. They print money out of thin air whenever they want, they employ the best hackers money can buy and own the best technology money can buy. 
I remember reading it wouldn't take that much "money" to destabilize the shit out of bitcoin and send 98% running for the hills. Maybe its a couple billion dollars, I can't remember, but I do remember it was chump change for people who create money with the stroke of a key. 
I have plenty of balls, which is why I have a lot of money coming in to throw some at a thing like bitcoin for fun, but it took more brains than balls and brains tell me I'd be a fucking idiot to put any real percentage of my wealth into something us volatile as bitcoin. 
No offense, but most people who talk like you do have a few hundred or a few thousand bucks in bitcoin, so you'll have to excuse me for not taking financial advice from idealistic, mostly kids, who if and when bitcoin crashes will just go back to their normal life as if they overspent a little on a vegas vacation.
@_date: 2016-04-21 19:38:46
zero paper money is their goal not because of the costs to print it, destroy it and print new bills again, it's for control, forcing everyone to have a bank card that can be frozen at any time for any reason. 
Bitcoin is too dangerous to that system, the fees, the control, the ability to withdraw whatever amounts they want at any time. 
Cash under the mattress or rather the cash economy is what is keeping billions and billions of dollars out of their hands currently and they have been phasing out cash for the last 30 years.
Do you really think they will allow a trillion dollars in tax revenue just vanish, or two trillion? because everyone claims they believe in taxes....because they HAVE NO CHOICE. 
When you suddenly have a choice, that number of people willing to pay their bill drops by a huge margin. 
@_date: 2016-04-21 22:11:51
well they don't have to make it go away, it's where it needs to be now, and would probably get to grow quite a bit and not draw any care from the banking cartels. 
regular people and even bitcoin lovers are too afraid to put any real percentage of their money in bitcoin, so it's currently mission accomplished. 
bankers won't care until Joe and Janet America are trying to close their bank of america account and move all their savings to bitcoin, and good luck getting Joe and Janet to do that unless the dollar becomes worthless. 
@_date: 2016-04-21 04:54:05
And all this is why I just can't bring myself to move serious money into bitcoin ever and I suspect many others feel as I do. 
It's a play investment for me because I think it will go up and potentially significantly before the music stops, just another piece of my portfolio. 
I just think it's way too dangerous to the establishment to ever survive, and the only way it could survive is if the IRS and the legal system can seize whatever it wants from you, rendering it little more than a hyper fast bank wire system. 
Can you imagine what would happen if tens of millions of actual real earners were able to shift all their income, expenses and wealth to bitcoin? 
I would love to be wrong but I just don't see the powers that be ever allowing a system where your money is not within their reach. 
Nearly everyone would become a tax evader. The government would never have enough resources, especially with a fraction of the revenue coming in to run a forensic report on your life and business to attempt to determine what your income was and the same for millions of others. 
There's a very specific reason most of America has taxes taken directly from their paycheck each week and it sure as fuck isn't to assist them with free bookeeping, it's because the government knows very well what would happen if people were required to pay it all on tax day. 80% wouldn't pay a dime because they spent it and the other 20% wouldn't pay because they can't believe how much the government is actually trying to take from them with a straight face. 
The only reason business owners pay is there are enough resources to chase them down fast and put them out of business or in a world of financial hurt if they don't pay, but if they had tens of millions of other americans not paying with them, they wouldn't send the check either. 
The major players have had crypto tracked since day 1, believe me, they have a plan to take it over or destroy it whenever they want to. 
They don't want the common slave having access to their banking tricks and legal protection, the common man is who they need to steal money from. 
@_date: 2016-04-21 19:29:25
Well it is an investment in the sense that the price can and does rise and fall just like anything else that can be speculated. 
So I and others believe the price will go up a bit, down a bit etc but will likely climb hundreds of dollars per coin over the next couple of years......or it won't. 
Either way, I think the current amount of money it would take to destabilize it enough to get people afraid to use it is not that much. 
Assuming a network of the central bankers wanted to, I think they could fuck with it enough to get your average person afraid to have any real money stored. 