@_author: brosdress
@_date: 2013-01-07 19:12:45
Exactly and lets stick to it.
@_date: 2013-01-07 14:54:41
C'mone its lovely card. Its one of the first ever created by bitcoin users slogan, Me love Bitcoins. It suppose to be funny. I know I know Bitcoin is not funny its serious right? Why so serious?
 I have EUR and USD cards from them and they work well for my needs.
True the market is still small but there is no trading fees and no fees for withdrawals to the cards. I usually had my money within one (1) business day, no matter where I am Holland or Germany.
I like the idea simple, and you can control on what price you can exchange the bitcoins. its really darn fast, compared to let say mtmountain where I wait for wire transfer 2 weeks ? that is serious.
Im sure if many of us will write them a request they will change the design of the card. This is one of the first cards ever deployed and proven to work.
Bitcoin wants to beat vi(z)a and ma(z)tercard right? so I think its step by step to see how far the design can go on the BCC cards.
@_date: 2013-01-07 20:48:17
Exactly but still Visa or Mastercard have much to say. or Maestro.
Or something new that anyone would have to have in the world or become a bank there are many many things it might be. But sometimes eaiest and most simple things are just best. Like the BCC or Bitinstant card, why not just load them with money quick and go shopping or have the account where you put the BTC in and you just I dont know set that 1/2 BTC is exchanged the rest sits there. I just cant see any difference. If the value of the BTC would go from 13 to 400 USD in one night, that might have sence (ok not 400, 150% more is enough) but still is it really possible today? I think not anymore it is. So I dont care if I will have +2 USD more or no, I care that I funded my card with Bitcoins, with that data string, the one I was mining with my GPU, that is important to me. Once the BTC will be sooo big you wont need any card, you just have to have your phone with a client or some kind of application to pay in stores etc, just poiont and click, or something like that.
Plastic money took or at least is going to take paper money, soon the plastic will be soo old no one will use it.
Anyway do we really care about the graphic design? simple, easy, anonymous like bitcoin is or at least it shoould be.
@_date: 2013-01-07 15:04:02
How do you think they will handle the "load with bitcoins" ? they will sell BTC and load the card with money, well load first with a fee and than sell btcs with profit. Its ma(z)tercard also it cannot work differently 
@_date: 2013-01-07 19:12:01
Do you really belive that?
To do that in realtime the mastercard or visa would have to let say do it. Or there would have to be a as big comapny as visa or mastercard that will hold money and btc in escrow. If it would be possible and big enough I woul risk to say it will be more centralized but I don't think bitcoin would want that?
Sure why the heck no, it would be lovely to have BTC in card and use it only when you make a purchase. But how? BTC and Money should be at exact same time in Escrow, sure possible most probable, so where are the cards? They should be like moths ago didnt they?
@_date: 2013-01-07 19:01:15
I use z just for the kicks :D
But I dont know why, maybe coz I want bitcoin to be very very big and I think those companies will eventually prevent that ?
dunno why