@_author: brotherbringthesun
@_date: 2017-11-21 22:35:16
Good response. I'll play devil's advocate a bit. There will likely never be more gold on the Earth than there is right now. Whether you compare it to Bitcoin or CC as a whole, they just don't have the intrinsic physical real value that gold has. You and I could create new cryptocurrencies that maybe can fulfill the same functions as Bitcoin or a different CC. You and I could never create more gold so it will never lose it's value the way a CC can. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 23:06:16
I agree that the same arguments apply to non-fiat. But what I think you're missing is that I'm not saying there is an unending supply of bitcoin. As you say, there are only 21 million. What I AM saying is that there is an unending supply of cryptocurrency. And the value that comes from it can be generated out of nothing essentially. Let me ask you this. What happens to Bitcoin's value if another similar CC starts to develop that has similar traits and characteristics? I bet many have already developed but I mean in a substantial way. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 23:35:48
This doesn't really dispute the main thrust of the argument that an endless amount of CC can be created and will reduce the value of any one particular currency. This would never happen with a currency based on physical actual real-world value. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 13:45:47
I see where you're going here. That other competitors really haven't taken off the way bitcoin has so that disputes the theory that more CC devalues the main one. I'll admit that maybe the rules and theory of currencies of the past may not apply to Bitcoin but something about his argument makes sense fundamentally. That currency thats not backed by anything be it fiat or CC intrinsically doesn't have the long term stability and value of something like gold. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 13:58:18
I'm kind of surprised that we're even talking about this. I thought for sure that we'd at least agree that gold has a real world value and bit coin does not. I can break it down though. Ok so "physical real-world value" just means there are physical properties to it that are desirable. So gold has this kind of value in that it has a visual appeal in jewelry/sculpture and in our culture it represents wealth and power. People have basically always wanted it, all over the world. It also has industrial properties used in electronics, aerospace, etc. Bitcoin has no physical properties that will remain whether or not the currency holds it's value or the blockchain keeps it's infrastructure. You can't eat it either...