@_author: brotential
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:32:03
It's baffling to me that some are complaining about 3D printing of weapons.  I think history has shown that resisting technological progress is folly, particularly when the tech is by design or accident easy to obtain, hard to regulate (in at least a nominally politically "free" society such as the USA).
I have a "crazy" (to most folks) hypothesis that politics and government as they exist today will be fundamentally altered not long after we reach the point where technology evolves faster than politicians can legislate against it.  And I have feeling we are just about to reach that point.  
The events surrounding Napster 15 years ago and the tech such as BitTorrent that followed showed how reams of legislation (copyright) that has been entrenched for decades can be obsoleted in a short time.  We're now on the verge of seeing if decades and dozens of governments' worth of weapons and financial legislation will become obsolete in a heartbeat.
There are some who would rail against these disruptive technologies, but in my mind that is as pointless as complaining about gravity.  One's time is better spent figuring out how we can adapt to inevitable change.
@_date: 2013-04-19 21:48:42
Regarding kidnapping, this is something that worries me too.  But I try to imagine the possibilities for prevention of such things that anonymity give rise to.  For example, concerned parents could pool their BTC to create a very large bounty fund as a type of insurance.  The idea being that should any of their kids be kidnapped, the fund will award a large amount of BTC to whomever retrieves the child (and possibly more for the head of the kidnapper).
Sort of like in that Mel Gibson movie, "Ransom", the kidnapper would live in constant fear of being killed by an accomplice or anyone else who happens to know what happened and would like the reward.
I think history has shown that free markets are capable of incredible ingenuity, and something like BTC which enables more market freedom will produce more solutions than problems.
@_date: 2013-04-24 15:21:27
This is great, my two favorite game-changing technologies coming together.  I have the biggest techno-boner.
@_date: 2013-04-26 03:08:12
Thanks bro.  I wish it was easier to quickly express these ideas to people whose mindset is mired in the top-down governance paradigm.  I need some sort of soundbite, like "what good are laws that can't be enforced?" 
@_date: 2013-04-21 03:59:15
Sure you could do it with USD if it's legal, but we're talking about BTC here.  The concern, as someone else mentioned, is the incentive that such a reward scheme might create for staging kidnappings or fake kidnappings.
That said, it's not clear to me whether we already live in an environment with that incentive, 
@_date: 2013-04-19 14:40:02
Your comment alludes to the notion that members of the mainstream media are talking about BTC the same way they talk about traditional and well known ideas like gold, stocks, etc.  
But in reality BTC is so different and potentially game-changing that one needs to almost "unlearn" what one knows about tradition in order to appreciate its benefits (and understand its weaknesses).
I guess what I am saying is that we can't trust the MSM to talk about BTC in an informed manner because their way of thinking is far too entrenched in tradition.