@_author: brother_lancel
@_date: 2019-06-25 15:52:05
He's delusional, take him to the infirmary
@_date: 2019-06-27 15:36:30
If bitcoin isn't meant to be used as a currency for transactions, then it should have zero value. Something has value because people are willing to pay for it. If bitcoin has no use as a currency, no one will pay for it, therefore it has zero value. 
Bitcoin DOES have value right now because a lot of people think it can be used as a currency in the future. It's very promising because its scarce and decentralized meaning the supply cannot be manipulated. The blockchain also prevents double spending, a common problem with digital tokens
Equity (stocks) have value because they are a piece of a company, they represent ownership. If bitcoin ISN'T a currency, where does it derive its value? If its not a currency, its only a token, and therefore worthless
@_date: 2019-06-27 15:45:20
Literally from bitcoin.org:
Why do bitcoins have value?
Bitcoins have value because they are useful as a form of money. Bitcoin has the characteristics of money (durability, portability, fungibility, scarcity, divisibility, and recognizability) based on the properties of mathematics rather than relying on physical properties (like gold and silver) or trust in central authorities (like fiat currencies). .... As with all currency, bitcoin's value comes only and directly from people willing to accept them as payment.
@_date: 2019-06-27 16:32:00
But those things actually have use outside of being a commodity, gold is used in electronics, aluminum in airplanes, apples and oranges as food
Digital tokens have no other use than to be traded
Either way, I'm glad you could be respectful when replying, unlike the other guy
@_date: 2019-06-27 15:56:38
You really don't get it do you. 
It's a currency, its currently being used as an investment vehicle by most users BECAUSE of the potential of it being used as a primary currency
You clearly don't understand that if it is never used as a currency in the future, its worthless. Tell me how Bitcoin can have value if its ONLY use is as an investment vehicle? That's circular reasoning: "it has value because you can invest in it, you can invest in it because it has value" Maybe YOU should learn some economic theory
Don't take my word for it, go to bitcoin.org, where you can verify everything I've just said instead of trying to belittle people over the internet
@_date: 2019-06-27 15:28:06
Buy/sell orders are getting filled rapidly, there's not enough volume to stabilize it at a single price for very long.
The crash yesterday was because someone put in a MASSIVE sell order, and there weren't enough buy orders at market value to keep it that high, so the buy orders at lower prices are executed
@_date: 2019-06-27 15:49:06
Why are you so angry? You can't even address a single point I made without getting furious. 
If I'm wrong, EXPLAIN why instead of bitching like a child
Explain why this statement is wrong "Bitcoin has value because people are willing to pay for it, people are willing to pay for it because it can be used as currency."
@_date: 2019-06-27 16:05:22
I need validation from someone who has been doing this longer than myself:


How accurate is that statement? 
From bitcoin.org:
Why do bitcoins have value?
Bitcoins have value because they are useful as a form of money. Bitcoin has the characteristics of money (durability, portability, fungibility, scarcity, divisibility, and recognizability) based on the properties of mathematics rather than relying on physical properties (like gold and silver) or trust in central authorities (like fiat currencies). In short, Bitcoin is backed by mathematics. With these attributes, all that is required for a form of money to hold value is trust and adoption. In the case of Bitcoin, this can be measured by its growing base of users, merchants, and startups. As with all currency, bitcoin's value comes only and directly from people willing to accept them as payment.
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:51:04
Is bitcoin a good investment strategy?