@_author: browsing_in_jail
@_date: 2015-06-14 13:10:16
Nothing truly achieves infinity, but the potential in math reaches that in many cases.  To me it's a human construct that translates to "boundless".  Undefined is another term that confuses people, and is very similar: Divide by 0.
@_date: 2015-06-17 18:17:46
I was chatting with a friend about this.  The banks aren't trying to squash Bitcoin anymore, they are *co-opting* bitcoin, which means they will swing their weight around quite a bit.  Bitcoin as a protocol still has potential for lots of grass-roots or anonymous functions, but the current "full-node" ledger has in my opinion been essentially incorporated/co-opted into the current dinosaur system.  I'm thinking more alt-coins will come around once the party is over and the banks have swallowed BTC whole. 
@_date: 2015-06-17 18:38:12
Couldn't they also transfer funds with or without BTC involved depending on their estimation of the current trend in the market?  If their algorithms estimate a bear market, they could go fiat-&gt;fiat, then switch to fiat-&gt;btc-&gt;fiat if they're feeling bullish, hold the btc until the trend switches.  Hope that makes sense: essentially this gives Coinbase the ability to choose whether they're using BTC during a transaction or not, so they can either play the market or ignore it if it's looking dismal on the exchanges, correct?  
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:15:28
Well Overstock is safe since they're selling and receiving in fiat $...Coinbase is taking the risk with the BTC but they're probably hedging on the exchange market as well. The mining crowd is freaking out because Ghash.io might screw up the fundamental gears of the blockchain, and a bunch of people who were hoarding are now buying glow-in-the-dark penis pumps and bath rugs for their BFFs...I'd say the train wreck has just begun!  
@_date: 2014-07-21 18:49:29
Send them a nastygram via twitter or email.  I know it sounds dumb but I've actually gotten feedback from newegg, antonopoulos, GHASH, etc...twitter is a great way to make your issues heard. (gawd, I feel like I'm advertising, but it's true). 
@_date: 2014-03-19 22:43:38
ok I must be doing something stupid:-&gt; alt+0243 gives me: 'ó' .  What am I doing wrong? trying different versions of 0243: ó≤Ω√
@_date: 2014-02-15 22:30:50
That's how I do it.  I now have a lovely keyboard, mouse, drawing pad and some fancy tea I got for a total of $0 by buying btc low and spending it high.  This does increase my baseline/buy-in rate (initially ~$300/btc now about $700?) but that doesn't mean I'm out of the game.  Over time if things stabilize these kinds of tricks won't work, but then it'll be stable enough to compete with paypal/atm/western-union/etc as more vendors online&amp;local accept the system.  Stability is key to break into mainstream, and it's just not there yet.  Maybe soon?  I'd hate to see it go down like a rotten casino.
@_date: 2014-01-12 14:48:32
Came to say this, I was extremely distracted...but I would have been nicer about it :).  In general the English language needs an overhaul as much as our currency does. I before E except after some random shit that doesn't make any sense.  Definitely its vs. it's is fairly straight forward, but to a non-native English speaker it is very frustrating.
@_date: 2014-07-17 00:18:46
want to: see someone else jump first &lt;enter smiley-face here&gt;
@_date: 2014-02-16 00:28:04
Am I drunk, or are you?  Either way, cheers! aka: what?
@_date: 2014-03-05 23:37:46
This post is probably going....
@_date: 2014-02-01 02:36:49
Verbiage I just noticed: "how do you think you compare to most other bitcoin users".  Compare unit value of bitcoin owned?  Or perhaps they have a nicer car? Sorry for the OCD, but it's a grammar exercise :)!
@_date: 2014-02-22 00:52:05
I think it's a "wowza-effect" people have when they see the gears and possibilities, and withdraw the fact that this will be very bumpy and perhaps fall flat on its face.  The OP doesn't negate any of those possible disasters, he actually spends most of the rant warning people that this could happen.  I imagine it's the "mountain-shaking" drama of his choice of "voice" that seems a bit cultish, which is true.  BTC isn't (by itself) some societal ground-shaking upheaval, it's a possible proof-of-concept that the financial world (among other institutions) is ready for the information-evolution it so dearly needs.  If this one falls flat we have a blueprint for the next version.
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:51:27
I upvoted because I think these kind of opinions should be shared and talked about more instead of burying dissent.  I will not invest my savings account into bitcoin, but I do enjoy spending some disposable income using it.  Current system is working fine...I spend a little extra money purchasing bitcoin when I feel the value is a bit low, then buy something fun when I think the value may drop.  This "floating average" works well due to the high volatility, but I hope the volatility will go down/stabilize.  At that point I would start using it as an alternative to paypal.  On the buyer side that doesn't help much, but their charges on the vendor side are pretty hefty.  The current form of bitcoin has issues, but is malleable enough it might be able to survive a few setbacks.  Currently it seems to be doing great to me considering the flood of bad news we've gotten this week.  In general I think it's great to have dissenting voices in this subreddit, so have at it and enjoy, but work on delivery and substance in your arguments...simply calling bitcoin "monopoly money" is already inaccurate as I've purchased multiple items using it.  Update your argument, there's still a good chance that bitcoin will fail in its current form.
@_date: 2014-05-25 09:47:06
You grabbed this directly from my childhood memories...
@_date: 2014-02-11 01:04:18
Jesus, you're making me twitch!  Add a cute smiley face or something if you're joking, otherwise you're in some trouble.  ELI5: "Turn off the computer and read a book about dragons".
@_date: 2014-06-28 13:54:34
It could go that way, but I think it may have skipped that shitstorm already.  The adopters and users are now extremely varied and there are many reasons why BTC is a good experiment across the political spectrum.  To the left it potentially skirts corporate banking bureaucracy, to the right it is government-benign.  In reality it may be co-opted by both but will be a step forward... WIN!? 
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:35:48
Sounds like it was a verbal thing but if you have any documentation just heavily redact, scan and send it over to us, or try to get some documentation.  This is not a normal post about a new place accepting bitcoin or that Andreas took a trip to the bathroom...this is showing BTC is being treated as at least a commodity/asset by a very large banking institution.  Celebration-time would be nice in these relatively hum-drum times.
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:53:47
I'm not sure what this is about...I thought zero hedge was some sort of investment strategies blog due to the name, but the comments are insane...is this a blog being bombarded by trolls?  I tried to find their "about" link and it was called "manifesto", which seems to be a proponent for anonymity and anarchy, but the comments are filled with hatred toward "bitchcoin".  I think it might be an example of the fake politicization of the protocol.  Original intent vs. market/industry usefulness are totally lost.  I'm going to stay the fuck away from that spit-fest.
@_date: 2014-05-25 18:10:33
Chart-traders are more reliable than any news "psychics".  The basic trends are many, but I've watched "head and shoulders" resistance on basically any perceived threshold, usually on bitstamp at the 10, 25, 50, and hundred boundaries.  From my perspective you'll get a whale or large group of buyers/sellers that sit on those thresholds then buys/sells a large volume very quickly, which are the swings you see in the market looking over the last few weeks/months.  Using bitcoinity.org, take a look at the 2 year logarithmic graph (there's a checkbox to change it to logarithmic scale).  There is a "channel" that the price is following, and the traders are using that as a baseline for what is essentially gambles unless they hold enough BTC to swing.  China news is definitely an exception, and is quite unfortunate from my perspective because the government there plays many roles: simultaneously spreading rumors then denying them and essentially creating FUD in the market.  We've seen those a few times though so the resulting peaks and valleys should hopefully be less as we learn that BTC should be able withstand any China schizo-ness they throw at us.  In general there aren't BTC market "wizards", but there are some very interested and invested traders who see trends and play off them with a fairly good track-record.  They have lots of tools to watch the charts (Fibonacci trends seem interesting to me as an example) but we're still talking Casino-time.  Horse-racing experts make similar ROI just because they spend all their time running the odds.  I'd rather just enjoy the ride and try to guess the hills and valleys.
@_date: 2014-03-15 12:48:35
The current flood of venture-capital interest in BTC seems to back your worries.  I've had a creeping feeling that "co-option" instead of "adoption" by the larger financial industry w/regard to BTC will be the only way it achieves large-scale adoption.  This disables some of the potential that Bitcoin proposes.  My thought: To counteract the natural inflationary results of FRB liquidity there is a deflationary aspect to BTC itself, so could there be a method of tracking via blockchain the disparity between real BTC and proposed "hosted wallet" market cap?  Yes, it is a form of regulation (sorry don't kill me) but transparency of real BTC vs. a voluntary audit of a company's books seems like good practice.  Call it a voluntary FDIC.  It doesn't need to be mandated by the State, but will naturally occur in the industry, especially considering all the FUD we've seen over the last few weeks/months.  Thoughts? 
@_date: 2014-01-10 03:33:46
partnership w/coinbase
@_date: 2014-03-18 22:19:04
I worried a bit at first as well reading this post, but this shouldn't be an issue overall unless we blow the story far enough it becomes a PR issue for the State.  They would exacerbate the situation if they had an issue with foreign businessmen doing things that officially are "grey".  I'm not very familiar with China's policy for foreigners working there, but I found the "[caonima]( meme a great example of how the citizens themselves are gaining traction.  The State is slowly relenting, in a very careful manner.  The BTC unknown and recent slight reversal in language is a sign they're still thinking about it but want to maintain control in case things get crazy. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 03:09:49
IT and work at a public school.  This is an A+ science project.  She observed the situation, hypothesized on her own use of the process (including legal issues), experimented, made her own wallet, went through the process of mining, documented the results.  I thought at first this was a pretty strange use of the traditional "science project", but after looking at each pic/frame of the presentation itself and comparing it to the traditional "look I made a volcano" version, this is top notch.  Short version: She's 11. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:39:46
I think it would be a fun side-project to write Apple and see some results.  I teach technology to k-12 as a side-gig and enjoy seeing how much enthusiasm the students have learning technology.  This is a golden opportunity to put a student front-and-center in the apple debate on their policies.  If some journalism is added to the fire Apple must respond.  It's a funny thing when a grass-roots currency gains teeth. The chance to make the most profitable company on earth think twice is at least worth thinking about! :).
@_date: 2014-07-21 18:22:14
I'm guessing it's an added complexity that they just aren't going to shoot for (currently).  There's enough unknown variables in the US system, why add more on top?  Dell even called it a "pilot" so they could pull the plug anytime. It's a shame though, I'm thinking international will be the reason the system sticks, and USD/CAD is the place to start. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 22:07:37
I'm glad Abq might be the first one in USA since I'm a local, but is it an "ATM" or just a depositing machine?  Either way that's nice, I'll have to check out some tobacco while I'm visiting.
@_date: 2014-03-11 23:58:35
That's what sold it to me: the byzantine/"two-generals" problem.  I'd assume talking to someone who was interested would be motivated to at least look further or see Bitcoin protocol in a different light when they realize it is actually a solution to an academic issue in computer science, not a get-rich-quick scheme.  The application to the current financial system is a given at that point, but in what form we don't know after the dust settles. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 01:28:42
I do love bitcoin, but I'm a socialist pretty much...gotta love mix&amp;match ideologies!
@_date: 2014-03-04 00:31:14
Nice chart!  USA row shows regulated:"Strict" which is the sole example of that column having that entry.  Is this true?  There aren't any media  links to explain what "strict" means specifically. From my experience USA has been very "hands off" about regulation so I'm confused.
@_date: 2014-05-26 15:54:19
Sorry for all the trolls and strange comments...I personally do not sell BTC for fiat.  I try to buy BTC at what I believe is a low price, then buy something using BTC directly when I feel there might be a downturn.  Things were looking a bit too extreme yesterday and couldn't quite push past the $600 exchange rate, so I bought a nice $100 mouse at tigerdirect using bitcoins.  If it drops back down to around $500 I'll buy the same quantity of BTC and enjoy a steep discount overall by playing the hills and valleys of prices.
@_date: 2014-07-07 16:32:59
I just got an account with coinbase for personal and bitpay for work.  Things like offline storage aren't really worth it unless you are investing a serious amount. I usually have a tab open at all times to either bitcoinwisdom.com or bitcoinity.org/markets.  If there's a big movement in exchange rate I'll either buy in or spend some BTC until a correction.  It's like riding a drunk armadillo sometimes, but usually works well.  I'm not invested long, just enjoying the ride.  I understand the hoarding/long-term investment mentality, I just don't want to risk retirement money etc.  If you're not dealing in serious $$$ have fun and expect it to be gone anytime.
@_date: 2014-02-14 23:31:26
Great job fielding questions!  Technology aside: After only a few months I'm seeing much more animosity gaining ground online and in the news.  I understand this is probably reaction to the sudden exponential growth and high-media-attention it was given back in mid-November or so.  Now the juicy news is when it seems to be in trouble...cuz media loves trouble.  I've been trading and spending and learning since early November, and lately it's as if many people WANT bitcoin to fail.  This might be more of a psychological/sociological question, but have you witnessed the same trend, and if so what would your hypothesis be as to the source of gaining "hate" to bitcoin?  I have some ideas but was hoping for an alternate perspective.
@_date: 2014-07-16 22:11:04
So they're including your current BTC balance when doing the math to determine if you're eligible for mortgage, right?  If so, that's pretty nice, considering banks were freezing people's accounts just a couple months ago for dealing in BTC.  Congrats on the new home, btw! 
@_date: 2014-07-07 12:50:42
High risk savings account is how I started. Now it's pretty much the only account I use to purchase items online, because I know it's expendable income.  Buy BTC when you feel the price is low, spend BTC when you see a plateau or think there might be a bubble.  It's a lot more fun than a casino, but like said, only invest what you can afford to lose.  It's proven its potential, but still pretty volatile. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 02:21:36
Optimism is good, I'm more bolstered by the last week than hurt.  Good time to buy, the markets are (other than mtgox) surviving fairly well.  Fungibility within exchange markets should hopefully absorb whatever fallout within a week or month. Also be prepared for fallout, hedge your options...loving an idea such as bitcoin doesn't mean it will pan out on the first iteration.
@_date: 2014-02-02 14:49:25
It was confusing for me too, but I was able to manually copy and paste after a few tries...looks like a button but isn't.
@_date: 2014-03-28 23:02:48
Good to hear, I might get assaulted by the actual miners for faulty info/terminology from that last post, but here's a good example of the kind of bizarre things mining warehouses are doing: 
@_date: 2014-01-19 23:09:28
Also remember there's an algorithm that places automatic downvotes on posts due to age/views/etc.  I'm actually amazed there aren't more anti-bitcoin trolls running around shitting all over posts.  Knock on wood.
@_date: 2014-05-31 01:11:06
I agree, large swings upward make me wary, so I usually buy something in BTC when I feel it's been a bit steep in a short period.  I think chart traders with whale accounts are playing an interesting game.  I've been following what I believe is a logarithmic 2 year pattern that looks like a 45 degree linear path upward.  That drop to ~$400 was the bottom of a logarithmic "channel" and since then the market has turned bullish, so now we're on a trend toward the top of the channel.  If the chart traders have access to the whale's BTC, they can keep pumping and dumping this, making more money on the peaks and valleys.  I'm not a big fan but I will continue to follow them as the pattern persists.
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:49:50
I'm looking at the Google-side of things too.  I'm sure they have a team working on it.  I'd imagine they'd experiment with a small proof-of-concept then go live after a few months. If not, ah well, it's definitely on the radar. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 22:34:00
Smoke-screen?  Either way, I think it's best if his account gets truly anonymized via hijack, fake or not. 
@_date: 2014-01-20 00:02:35
I do find it annoying, but like fairies floating around poking/tipping each other it's overall harmless.  More power to the fairy-folk, but let me sleep every once in awhile, да?  I'm an old cranky, stop chirping!
@_date: 2014-05-25 11:18:08
Ooohhh, philosophy is hidden in there somewhere!  We might add a capital 'T' to "truth" in your example.  The ability for individuals to derive their own truth implies that truth is relative to the individual, while your version (edited): "derive Truth on their own" implies there is an ultimate Truth that people can more easily discover.  Nit-picky, I know, but it was an interesting change that you made.  I blame the English language and its nuances, but let me know if this makes sense.
@_date: 2014-02-19 17:45:31
Yeah, cosmicalecaholic seems to know how to think global yet apply local.  The wrist-band-wallet thing in a local community could assure value ends where it's needed instead of in an intermediary's pocket or rotting on a shelf in a storehouse.  Think Favela neighborhoods setting up a wrist-based system that circumvents the cash-society completely if it has enough participating members.
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:09:56
Yeah, I've pretty much spent my winnings on the market for gadgets on TD/Overstock/charities, so I'm locked into the current exchange/market price at this point.  I'm still here every day though watching the bombs drop constantly.  I don't give a shit if my measly .5 BTC goes down the tube, it was worth it being on the ride!  Also seeing so much resilience is pretty awesome!
@_date: 2014-02-06 01:13:14
Nice, circumvention of corporate iron-grip possible! just post/advertise  instructions on putting a shortcut to their "home-page" or whatever it's called in apple-land: app-store fuck off.  I never liked them anyway, but we need to keep the ball rolling.  html5 will hopefully make the cheap-trick junkies' hands out of cutting-off competition.  BTC was built for that, so best of luck!
@_date: 2014-03-26 14:16:32
VFusion:  I'm thinking "V8" fusion...I tried it once and it tasted like sugar-water, I like the straight sodium-bomb regular stuff.  Overall looks like you're much more healthy than me though...my grocery list would be a bunch of beer and deli meats.  I'd love to see an art expo of different people's grocery receipts.  Thanks for sharing.
@_date: 2014-03-28 21:47:49
Edit: sorry basic question answer-&gt; yes, at least definitely with the new google watch API for the next generation watches that are coming.
They custom-build circuit boards (ASIC) that do bitcoin mining and those have now made the old super expensive GPUs seem like not enough power.  A smartwatch-miner would be for geeky fun only...but imagine if that sucker found the next block...like winning the lottery!  Unfortunately it would drain the battery like a mofo and the chances are just as slim as the lottery.  You'd be constantly having to charge and you might get a few transactions but probably it would chug for months then get you .00000001 BTC confirmation bonus...weee!!!  BUT, if a million people pool all their "smart" watches together and farm the hash it would be pretty cool, although very geeky and wasteful on battery life.  Fun idea though, thanks for giving me a rant opportunity.
@_date: 2014-01-21 01:05:37
Must...complete...hive-link: 
@_date: 2014-01-10 03:41:29
outside USA you probly won't see it.  If you're in US, it's toward the end after you've chosen your purchases/cart and where you'd usually see visa/mastercard etc....there should be a bitcoin logo/icon/option available.
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:38:44
Antonopoulos talks about this at almost every interview I've seen him on.  He's a huge supporter and also probably the  promoter of bitcoin currently, so there's definitely exposure.  I think the reason we don't see more is because 
 chances are neither you nor I are in circles that deal directly with migrant labor or charity, nor are many if any in our circles and media outlets that we get our news from.    Introduction of a digital online-crypto currency, although a great way to avoid fees like Western Union, requires online accounts, access to internet, ability to transfer back into fiat for day-to-day financial needs.  These gaps in service have not been fully addressed from my experience, hindering the ability for families to shift from the western union-style services to the bitcoin method, the infrastructure just isn't there yet.  In general a great question and I always love seeing pundits mention the opportunity for migrant families.
@_date: 2014-03-15 19:15:39
This seems to be a theme recently in the community since the mtgox smoke seems to be clearing (or at least delayed due to bureaucratic grind): The fact that BTC has been given celebrity status in the media and the financial industry has gone from apprehension into a more interested mood is very alarming to me.  I've mentioned before that they can "Co-opt" the market for their own purposes or just pump&amp;dump it to death...point is BTC is a great grass-roots protocol in P2P publicly verified transaction, but it's in danger of market manipulation.  I agree an "algorithmic" or "self-regulating" modification to the protocol itself may be able to preempt what we see coming, but other than a fork/altcoin I'm not sure if that can happen soon enough.  Either way I'm hanging on and staying engaged.  Fun stuff (don't invest the farm).  
@_date: 2014-04-10 22:58:13
My version, after reading a couple articles and taking ELI5 literally:  You know how daddy has some of this new kind of money now that he uses to buy stuff, like internet money instead of dollar bills?  Now they want to make other money, but instead of being a whole new kind of money, they want to make the money like a family.  New money systems would use the daddy money (bitcoin) like a protector, who would let them do different things than daddy but could go back and have daddy make sure they weren't being bullied and that the game was being played fairly.  Daddy lends the new money some of his, then when he knows the game was fair he would get the money back.  Unfortunately mommy (me) is afraid crackheads would steal all of daddy's money pretending to be one of his new "family" coins.  This is after 1 hour of reading and not understanding how this helps, especially at the time where BTC is in the throes of adoption vs. rejection showdowns across the world.
@_date: 2014-03-08 14:45:36
IT Crowd reference, glorious!  I immediately want to watch the entire series again, it's probably a goldmine (pun not intended) of source-material for media coverage of BTC.  Nice catch!
@_date: 2014-04-14 22:27:47
I agree it's not a big deal overall, but it would be great if they took the initiative and did a limited trial...let's say a particular item that BTC users would want (probably something techy/geeky), and use that as an incentive to get more of that particular product sold due to the influx of support.  Amazon is pretty forward-thinking and you're right, they're pretty much the big dog so they don't really need to care, but they have the extra capital to experiment so I consider it a lost opportunity for them.  I've definitely been shopping a lot more on Overstock and TD since they've adopted, and I'm even using them more for tech purchases at work even though we're not using BTC, so it was a good strategy to be an early adopter.  Amazon has a seriously insane drone program that makes people think Bezos might be getting a bit crazy, I guess adopting BTC would be right down his alley if he looked at the various options.  Ah well, no Prime Instant Video in BTC for me...
@_date: 2014-07-21 19:55:54
Awesome.  I use TD for personal and business so it's good to see they're on top of things!  I'm hoping the international uses of BTC will become more apparent soon.
@_date: 2014-02-19 19:48:10
Thanks for the post.  I really enjoy public speech videos on bitcoin.  Despite the thinly veiled ad campaign for their startup, I enjoyed it much more than the 40 character rants about how mtgox should burn in hell.
@_date: 2014-09-08 22:46:42
Good point, there was a reference to GPG during his last communication ("I am not Dorian"), but I never heard if he verified using it.  I'm thinking a spoof at some level.  I'm still thinking this could be intentional.  In any case I'll let the mystery ride....sayanora, Satoshi.
@_date: 2014-01-12 14:31:50
Overstock sites legal red-tape as a barrier to international sales w/btc, but they're working on it!
@_date: 2014-05-15 11:59:41
As an individual I think you're right.  As an NPO with auditing and ~60 employees, taking BTC directly without some form of "bank" is easily misconstrued as fraud, or at the least an extremely risky/suspicious practice.  BTC cold-wallet storage for a heavily regulated public charter school just doesn't seem viable.
@_date: 2014-02-22 01:13:18
I traded shifts: on latrine-duty for a week instead of laundry so I could spend more comp-lab shifts trading bitcoins from C-block.  When I get out in 3 weeks I'm headed straight for Tokyo:  I'm sure they'll let me get an expedited visa considering the situation.
@_date: 2014-03-05 02:56:57
I recently hit this problem at a local shop trying to buy tea.  They said it was their first "non-online" order and it was a small purchase so they let me go after confirming the address I sent the money to.  I do think this could be an issue down the road, but many venues accept an order before charging it, so unless BTC users start running out of the venue instead of paying their tab it wouldn't be a problem.  Trust in customer and trust in currency is an interesting play, I hadn't thought of that before.
@_date: 2014-07-05 20:39:00
Looks great, thanks for the time spent translating a LOT of complexities into a small(er) package.  Notice the length itself (even doing a "non-technical" write-up).  The complexities of the protocol/system are anathema to mass adoption, and should be.  As open-source "early adopters" it is our job to make the system seamless and trusted. A "101" explanation that spans thousands of words is an example that this job has not been completed.  I don't think you even mentioned encryption and we still have to explain some loops and twists...the average individual would just look at us with an open mouth and try to change the topic.  We have a long way to go, but things are looking good.  Thanks again.
@_date: 2014-03-15 19:39:38
I'm not comforted that they're "working on it" clustered around a MS Surface with a tiny screen.  Let's get these guys a nice room with a projector, maybe some Chinese takeout and Mountain Dew?  
@_date: 2014-01-31 23:34:50
Excellent!  Did my part, hopefully he's invited and accepts. I've chatted w/ him via reddit and he seems to be perfect for a venue like TED; very easy to understand even though the subject matter is a bit complicated for many, and his philanthropic approach is TED++.
@_date: 2014-02-15 01:20:19
I'm sure there's a psychological term for it, but it escapes me. I think it's pretty much "digging in" when the results of your initial/current belief don't pan out or aren't looking good at the time.  Proponents of bitcoin exemplify that best with the "HOLD" mantra as the market sputters or jumps.  From my conversations online I see the pattern from the "glass-half-empty" crowd too; If things are bearish I get very anti-bitcoin responses to any post about bitcoin...a version of "see? There is no global warming.  It's damn cold outside!".  
I have NOT seen people talking about the general idea of crypto-currency/transaction/contract potential and its "obvious ponzi-scheme" faults.  They just seem to float on the surface of the subject and bitch about how it's all going down in flames.  I think debate is great and bitcoin will more quickly evolve if we hear the potential issues early.  We DO need watchdogs with a flair for pessimism: is a bit too cheerleader-style, da?
Sorry for lengthy rant...IN CONCLUSION: btc is at the point where we need to seriously involve econs, cs, netsec, maths, poli sci, etc.  Industry-level:  It's already there, just waiting for the industry itself to catch up.  Thoughts?
@_date: 2014-07-01 00:08:53
Risk on large-scale/VC means they're not going to bet money they can't afford to lose, which is the mantra of BTC.  Grab a consortium of high-value executives and pitch a crazy idea that they can swallow.  Blind auction means lots of speculation so it pushes it HIGH.  Winner now has (or will soon) a LOT of coins that they can use to push the market.  I think we'll see the price fall significantly once the major shareholders have met the profit-quota they bidded for.  That will be a new baseline to play with...speculation and playing the market version 3.2
@_date: 2014-01-21 01:31:21
You're right, it's a non-statement.  Pretty much says Canadians can do whatever they want, except use bitcoin in dealing with official government tax/legal issues...and even then the debt/ownership could possibly be shown as "debt-paid" in a court if there was a dispute between seller/buyer.  Nobody from my experience is clamoring to pay taxes directly using bitcoin, so wtf?  I honestly don't get it.
@_date: 2014-07-16 12:23:12
Thanks! I finally got enough tips to siphon it off to main wallet, woop woop!
@_date: 2014-03-08 13:47:29
(New method of non-central-authority transactions verified on p2p network)-&gt;awesome idea!  (Goes live, seems to work)-&gt;wow this working!  (Gains attention, goes viral/mainstream, entirely new industry born)-&gt;PONZI!  I think the old system is barely waking up and will continue to treat Bitcoin protocol as snake juice until it realizes this system is an evolution of technology/communications, not a Libertarian/stock-trader's wet dream.  Yes the early adopters could win/lose big, the entire endeavor might die, but we're in the wake-up phase so lots of ill-informed media will unknowingly shit all over themselves; That's their MO. :)
@_date: 2014-05-21 11:57:48
I'll chat with our buddies "ABQcoin" again and see if they can help with the local drive.  I'll also try finding the niches in twitter and facebook.  Thanks for the support!  I noticed the bump in price yesterday and tried to buy something on tiger direct but it wouldn't go through :(.  I'll try again today, but yes: if I saw the bump and decided to buy something I'm sure other people are more willing to part with their BTC after that last long slog in the $450s.  Thanks again!
@_date: 2014-03-07 03:45:42
Awesome thing about bitcoin becoming "mainstream" is that an insane amount of people will be watching very closely for any anomalies, across many industries.  The technical "hive-mind" is already setup, and is populated by very paranoid-by-nature individuals (yes, this is a good thing).  The media just found their next "candy" and are pushing boundaries that are obviously below the belt.  I've never seen such negative reaction to an article, and I have a habit of falling into the trap of trolls crapping all over anything they can find on comment threads...today was amazingly unanimous in disgust at the methods used.  Overall let's wish Dorian a steady rehabilitation.  I can imagine getting attacked by paparazzi, but I would never wish it on a 60+ year old man...makes me shake with anger actually. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 22:44:04
Yeah, I got a little pissed and ranted a bit on the article...I understand that people don't believe it will work (which is fine and might be true), but they do it with such a hateful attitude (without explaining anything besides chanting "ponzi drug laundering etc"). I'm thinking there's something else going on...either a fundamental misunderstanding or just plain hatred because it's fun to tell people they're doomed.
@_date: 2014-05-20 19:22:06
Thanks!  BTW there's a cute video that the students put together on the donate page now if you'd like to see them.  
@_date: 2014-07-15 23:22:51
Antonopoulos is PR for the geeks, Barry for the squares...Am I getting this right?  Also, I haven't heard anything from/about Andreas in awhile, is he in hiatus? Awesome interview from both sides, although Barry wasn't given the grinder, at least he said "don't invest what you can't afford to lose".  He's obviously very genuine.
@_date: 2014-02-25 01:05:25
Sounds like overall good advice here already.  I'd just cement the fact that once you feel your investment has made fruit (value has appreciated to the point you have some money to spare), go out and buy stuff!  We need to start breaking away from the venture/volatile/arbitration to an actual stable currency that can benefit many many people, especially in countries where their native fiat has lost its trust.  That's the real benefit in this.  Currently the people that see the potential are buying in early, but there's always coin to spare for a few gadgets or support of local vendors that accept bitcoin.  Enjoy the ride!
@_date: 2014-02-07 01:59:28
Thanks, I like my new mechanical keyboard that I bought (with bitcoin :), so I seem to be much more "chatty" recently, finding any excuse to use it.  Very geeky, I know.  Seriously though, you have the opportunity to use this as an example of what I would call "disruptive customer response", or even more commonly called "shitstorm".  Chances are slim for major exposure but that doesn't matter, I'm sure at least a few people will see your families' conundrum using Apple products then having that functionality taken away...That's the point for me.  Sidenote: It's also an opportunity for the family to talk about the benefits/deficits of buying apple products to begin with.  They're horribly expensive and the company is very heavy-handed about licensing and legal issues.  Being "big brother" and choosing which apps are included in the app-store is a big issue with many developers as well, gives them the weight to dictate much more than their bottom-line.  Sorry for the propaganda just practicing on my new keyboard!  Best of luck, let's see what people think.
@_date: 2014-03-13 02:44:21
Trading based on market evaluation might be going down, which is fine as long as adoption gains traction.  I've enjoyed some ups/downs but in general this won't continue: either it gains industry adoption (even at a proof-of-concept level) or it will fold.  The idea holds and the industry will adjust, I'm just hoping the original protocol will continue to be the MAIN protocol.  This way early investment hits at least near-potential.  Unfortunately the chart-traders win over the fundamentals so far in this case, but that's just another reason to hedge and wait.  Big news swings the day-trader-dog just as much, and we've been getting good news lately, despite all the shit from last few weeks.  Overall:  "Meh"!
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:12:35
Any organization that accepts bitcoin helps those of us who use it, even if they don't agree with the organization itself.  We need to make sure not to polarize bitcoin or let it become polarized politically.  Congrats, Texas Libertarian Party, kudos!  I'm not going to donate, but I'm sure they'll get some great support from other BTC users.
@_date: 2014-02-16 15:06:45
Fyi, he replied to this thread and said he will do an AMA "soon. Perhaps in the next 3-4 weeks".  He's a trooper.  I agree his talents are best spent on outside venues instead of at the fan-club but it will be welcome either way.
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:45:35
Mr. Fenton, thanks for the letter and it's good to hear someone in your profession filling-in the numerous gaps.  PR obfuscation and outright silence is almost worse than the (supposed) theft of BTC in my book.  My question:  What would you suggest as the best-case strategy considering what we know (for any/all parties)?  What would a company do faced with what we can assume is broad  negligent behavior and incompetence?  I know this is quickly becoming a legal matter and stretching further away from the finance sector you're familiar with.  I'm steering away from the criminal/fraud aspect because it's too cloudy, let's think of what to do with the BTC that IS still owned by mtgox.  Of course no one in their right mind would touch this currently, but let us know the matrix of options that might come about.  I'm thinking of inheritance/auction of assets or at least giving customers a portion of their holdings as of ~feb 7th(?) when the lid was shut on withdrawals.  It was a wild gamble and will be until things become more stable, and the risk was taken by the customers in the wild-west financial market.  That doesn't mean they don't have a right to fight to get SOMETHING back.  This will probably become a legal nightmare, and I haven't lost anything myself, but I understand the pain of people who truly understood the potential but were caught in a trap for over a month.
@_date: 2014-03-12 01:26:45
Gotcha, thanks for the correction.  I assumed the 2 generals problem was the abstract/original of byzantine version, so I listed both.
@_date: 2014-06-05 22:08:24
With that thought, their incentive would be to either make bitcoin an option but keep it very low-profile (like tiger direct usually does), or push it like crazy as an incentive to join the new paradigm.  If they're the first huge wallet influx they will stay on top for quite awhile.  Otherwise they're getting nibbled on by the little fish.
@_date: 2014-02-12 02:15:11
This brings up a point I've been chatting about with a chart-trader:  Tail wagging the dog.  Chart traders have lots of tools to see patterns, but the major game changers are the "fundamentals" that drive the pattern.  For a chart trader no news is good news because it's in the numbers/patterns, but in a market such as bitcoin that breaks down and isn't as useful because the market is so bent on fundamentals such as media news and corporate/government decisions it swings the market wildly.  I was happy with our 30 days of relative peace on the exchanges but it's back to the wilderness for now until we collectively figure out where bitcoin stands, both as a protocol and in the media/public-outlook.
@_date: 2014-05-14 22:47:38
Shameless plug: Why don't you take a look at us? 
Only BTC donation we've gotten so far was from myself testing the system :).  I'm waiting on the students to finish making the donation video before becoming a sleazy charity monger.
@_date: 2014-06-27 03:51:53
The ec2 reference got me thinking: Does the breakdown of upload/download with AWS fit mining in general...I assume it's 1:1?  The prices are pretty complicated so I'm working off past experience where upload is more expensive.  But that's a bit old-school since I would only use AWS for web servers so I'd expect an even pipe.  I hope that makes sense I'm just watching from the sidelines and buying shoes/shower-curtains when things work out. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:55:16
This is an excellent point, and I've mentioned it before on a reddit post.  They attacked me, but had an excellent point themselves:  Scientifically speaking, a "LAW" does not have to be proven true, it has to be proven false.  Some one can say "all unicorns are blue", and some might say that is a law, albeit a useless one since no one can prove or disprove unicorns exist.  If someone goes out and creates a unicorn genetically and makes it blue, the law stands.  This pissed me off considerably because I think the term "LAW" is supposed to mean it is scientifically proven.  Gets even worse when Newton's "Law" of gravitation is pretty much a "theory" provided quantum mechanics don't follow his ratio of mass/force, but it's still called a "Law".  Sorry for ranting it just reminds me of a past issue I had...
edit: fixed some grammar shit.
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:10:38
They're not actually getting bitcoins directly, they're using coinbase.com as an intermediary.  So they are "safe" with fiat in the volatile market, and coinbase will be left to invest the bitcoin influx as they please (probably hedging quite a bit).  It's great news for bitcoin actually being used for its purpose, but may be flat on the exchanges, or even a down-pressure longterm.  Just IMO.
@_date: 2014-02-06 01:27:06
damn it damn it damn it...that one keeps creeping up on me, and I'm not even the OP.  When apple goes down I hope English grammar does as well.  They both are backassward. I before E except for some random shit that makes me want to kill something.  Their, I said it.
@_date: 2014-07-05 22:44:37
New virtual machine spawned/shared by user without root but a trusted member of unknown group of clients who have account with root.  True Root owns the farm.  Virtual Private wha?
@_date: 2014-03-06 02:01:16
It's not the perfect "fuck you FED"-style that many proponents like, but I think you're right.  Visa/Paypal/Mastercard/WU better pay attention: adopt&amp;adapt-&gt;There's a new method in town so stop overcharging for bullshit reasons.  "Steady Transition" in my mind is key to adoption, so instead of a "revolution" of currency we have a slow realization that they can't pull the old tricks anymore.  This alone is worth the disruption crypto-currency has on the market.  Wake up, old cats...stop being lazy/grumpy and get back to work!  PREACH_MODE = OFF.
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:44:17
I'm a fairly wary experimenter in bitcoin myself (0% chance I would bet savings on it), but I love the pressure it introduces and the computer science achievement alone makes it extremely interesting:  [Here's a link from your organization as example!](  I understand the risk at current levels may be too great for adoption by wikimedia foundation currently but it was a great sign for us that you've at least entertained the idea: This may be something worth experimenting with.  I'm very glad that overstock and tigerdirect jumped onboard and hope that you will take a further look into the possibility.  Thanks again for the correspondence!
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:31:53
I can foresee a possible issue with mods in the future, so wanted to make sure my planned response meets reality.  Let me know thoughts: "The mods on are very loose because bitcoin itself is an experiment in non-central-authority-style transactions...and it's an exploding market so they can't ethically endorse certain businesses; That would lead to conspiracy theories of "corpo-nepotism" or worse.  The "FAQ" is a fairly open and non-authoritarian statement that you should research a bit and please don't post cute pictures of cats playing with physical coins with a "B" on them.  Step 1: 
@_date: 2014-04-26 19:48:12
I'm looking at chart trading and the patterns that emerge from it.  Log-version and "head+shoulders" resistance on the ($) hundred-mark is almost 100% accurate.  Bitstamp vs. Huobi: Seems like the $$s mark at 100s swings the market even though most volume is in Yuan/CNY?   Once it hit $500 I bought some stuff in BTC then bought back-in the next morning after a sell-off of over $50/BTC. Then it recovered (partially).  These are patterns that can only be manipulated in my mind by whales manipulating the system.  I can follow and profit from the (perceived) pattern but I don't like the precedent.  If Chinese interests/central-authorities have enough weight to pump&amp;dump they will profit from keeping things murky.  From what I've read that's their MO, but I can't see a way for BTC to vaccinate itself from this method of crap if the whales keep the lion's share.  I'm open to ideas on how to fix this, but currently it seems like the market is at the whim of a few big holders.  Functionality-wise we have some great things going, but it might take a reboot of the system, which means....
@_date: 2014-03-29 16:26:40
Might as well chime-in on the lovely mechanical keyboard I bought with BTC...I'd been lurking for at least a year when I saw an article on arstechnica about coinbase opening shop, and thought "what the hell, I'll just buy a bit and try it out".  Within 2 weeks the price skyrocketed, then skyrocketed again (this was back in november/december) and once overstock/tiger-direct accepted I got some lovely items as a bonus.  I'm now just hanging out and enjoying the ride.  Live or die, it has been an interesting experiment.
@_date: 2014-03-08 14:49:43
Yet for some reason, I can't stop smiling after watching that.
@_date: 2014-02-19 22:24:48
I'm a programmer/sysadmin but I'm overloaded with regular work stuff currently.  Shoot me questions though and I can at least give an opinion or point you toward a service that might help.  Instance: security is  problem right now from my perspective.  Chat with [Armory]( I've heard good things.  They might be able to provide services at discount or free/pro-bono? since you're working on a non-profit project.  Their wallet/security service would at least give some starting points/ideas.
@_date: 2014-06-06 00:11:44
I gotta say, being probably the furthest thing from a business PR/Account-Rep and answering the questions was kind of fun!  Sorry I didn't read the details fully before starting the quiz. Sorry if I spammed/cluttered your initial quiz, I couldn't help but complete it, I'm OCD like that.  Good luck, I'm sure you'll find some great candidates from like last time.  
@_date: 2014-08-07 22:01:52
Sounds like you're perfect for BTC research/development.  I'm an old programmer and play around with stocks but don't know much about the gears of economics.  I certainly have learned a lot since joining the BTC crowd though!
@_date: 2014-02-15 16:16:38
Good point, I didn't think about the limits on volume.  I just assumed it was possible given the "flash-crashes" over the last week. 
@_date: 2014-07-02 11:39:18
Is the unit at the bottom-right of pic a grinder?  Overall: Fancy fancy!  I like the models with wood-finish, just not sure if it's real wood.
@_date: 2014-03-18 23:12:12
In the current atmosphere I'd say you have a great chance of ROI/RO-risk, and it's a great experiment/strategy.  I don't think it would work in the future if market-adoption continues it's current growth though, people just love a free lunch too much *en-masse*.  Hybrid idea for the future: refund requires a 2 sentence/200 character reason why you did not like the story, signed by public address or PGP:  Maybe a bit dickish/unreasonable but it's just the first thing I thought of to dissuade people just munching on content.  Again, I don't think that would be an issue in the current community but food for thought down the road.  Good luck!
edit: then again being digital means it could go "wild", but that still allows for donations/payment if a story is good and links to donate are inherent in the content somehow.
@_date: 2014-01-19 22:47:26
The biggest hurdle seems to be not linking your bank account and instead relying on a cash2bitcoin transfer which IS fairly cumbersome I guess, but I rarely use cash and the thought of buying bitcoin in cash is a bit foreign to me.  As far as "ease-of-use", I purchased some electronics last week using coinbase/overstock.com and it was much easier than even a credit card.  USA only with those systems but definitely the EU and others will integrate the currency and transfer methods fairly quickly this year, or regret it.
@_date: 2014-02-25 02:04:26
I have a natural tendency to trust that people are doing their best and are honest, so I hope they're just incompetent currently?  Either way it's a bummer seeing the system given so much stress, although I'm happy it hasn't collapsed which is a good sign.  I'm also wondering what the results of opening withdrawals would be at this point.  A "run on the bank" withdrawing both fiat and btc seems like it wouldn't necessarily change the exchange rate directly.  It's only if they opened one end of the hose before the other that I can think of a sharp change.  Market/financial/exchange forces are still a cloudy subject for me but I'm trying to get a grasp on some general issues.
@_date: 2014-04-17 22:48:42
That was me.   I hope I set it up right so it will go on the coinmap website.  We'll be trying to do a funding drive once our bitpay account goes above the current $100 limit.  Awesome to see it posted on reddit!  We're a public charter trying to purchase the building instead of renting.  Let me know what venues I should use to market our accepting of bitcoin donations.
@_date: 2014-05-15 00:59:29
Interesting timing: just got a notice from bitpay that someone tried to send ~$4500 (edit: flat 10 BTC it would seem so me thinks human!) worth of BTC and it was blocked due to our account limits...Sounds wonderful for the school, but I guess the transaction was reversed.  Our current limit is $1K per day I guess.  My first thought after reading was: "phishing?"  If real please PM and the school would love a donation of any denomination.
@_date: 2014-01-10 03:28:36
Hopefully as vendors adopt the new method/currency/exchange-system the value of bitcoin vs. $ will stabilize.  This is a good thing, otherwise it will be doomed as a speculator's wet dream of constant boom/bust.  From what I can tell, Overstock.com isn't actually dealing in bitcoin, they are just accepting it as an exchange through coinbase, essentially selling in dollars and receiving dollars, using coinbase/bitcoin as the method of exchange.  If you put speculation/exchange-rates aside this is merely a new way to pay for goods, like a smoother paypal...and that's GOOD!  Don't expect to make millions off a huge spike in exchange-rate.  There's a good chance the real adoption of btc as a currency or at least alternative to online currency would actually drop the exchange rate, or at least stabilize it so it can be adopted by other countries/orgs/.coms/etc.  I'd love for it to jump to 10K, but would rather it stay stable and be adopted as a bonafide currency.
@_date: 2014-02-14 23:48:53
Take a look at the comments on some of the major news outlets' btc articles: CNBC, CNNmoney, Wired, even arstechnica.  I commented on a few and some of them are very aggressive in their hatred of bitcoin.  It's a ponzi-scheme worthless piece of shit in their eyes, and they are very adamant in pointing out that I am an idiot for thinking this sham has potential.  Granted, reading and commenting on posts of major news websites is asking for trouble, I just didn't realize it would result in such weird emotional reaction from some responders.
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:41:56
Please correct me if this is wrong or needs more detail:
SecondMarket is one of the big "translators" between VC/hedge style $$ and BTC.  They underbid, and so someone else with more weight bought out at a higher price (99% chance in my mind fairly higher than current market price).  This is bullish for investors, and as such very good news.  Market reaction may push it back into the extremely speculative range.
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:06:25
Thanks for the post, I visit ZDnet daily and his article was a great example of the immediate knee-jerk reaction of people that don't understand: The current use/application is just a drop in the bucket.  People are calling/predicting the death of another bad idea but this one still has teeth and I think it's a great innovation so let's see retracted statements if/when this ball gets truly rolling. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:43:07
@_date: 2014-07-05 22:15:31
Feel free to bury me on this.  Sysadmin sidenote: why do they call it "virtual private" when its sole purpose is (as far as i've seen) to be publicly accessible? Maybe I'm too old to understand the "cloud", but "private" doesn't really work in this atmosphere.  Tack on the word "virtual" and I'm out.
@_date: 2014-07-23 19:34:28
The hoarders are missing out.  I see a jump in exchange and buy something (mostly upgrades on electronics).  Then once a correction in the market I buy back in....like coupons but gambling at the same time.  It's fun!  I understand people investing VC-style but at least reserve a percentage to spend and help the system perpetuate.  Otherwise we ARE sitting on a bunch of tulips.  BTW got my printer, power-supply, LED lighting system all in today.  Tiger, Dell, and Newegg...I'm a BTC zombie!  Anyone know of a fishtank or mineral oil vendor that accepts BTC?
@_date: 2014-02-14 23:10:39
Strange, I didn't have to send any photo ID or wait...is that a recent change I wonder?  I started w/Coinbase in early november.
@_date: 2014-02-22 15:19:42
It's like [little-endian vs big-endian]( OP just seems to ride between the two and we have to figure it out.  Screenshot vs. title of post = people twitching since it is not consistent.  dd/mm/yyyy vs yyyy/mm/dd vs mm/dd/yyyy.  Quite a mess and completely irrelevant to the post itself, but I can't help it; I must mediate!
@_date: 2014-07-30 23:10:24
Payments between individuals without having to use cash, wherever there's a connection to the web.  Location/Continent of individuals not an issue.  I want to give my friend some money....bang, done.  Is there a different more simple solution already in place?
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:30:01
That's a safe bet ($0):  But not a fun one.  Invest what you can afford to lose.  Use your ROI in lottery tickets at the gas station instead if you think this is bullshit. :)
@_date: 2014-08-01 23:49:45
Paypal is definitely the best competitor in the market, but I've dealt with them as a merchant and the fees were a bit hard to swallow.  I think I saw an article that there are quite a few countries in which they do not do business as well (but a lot more that they do have options for).  Adoption of BTC will at some point come head2head with paypal, and then we can see how things add up.  Financial world is pretty embedded and I don't think it will be a walk in the park, but it should be fun to see the current system get a jolt.
@_date: 2014-09-05 00:41:36
Late sidenote:  This is exactly what I've been doing, so it's nice to see on a post.  Take the long road and check it after doing bills or getting the latest paycheck.  Take 5 minutes and look at the trends/media-posts and make decisions.  I've never traded or bought items at a loss.  BTC is becoming seamless to how I shop and that's the true driver of market value.  I do look for large spikes once a week or so, but that's not a sign to sell or transfer to $$, that's time to buy something online and then buy back in once correction has been made.  It's like...uh....surfing I guess, but slower.
@_date: 2014-05-31 01:13:11
BTW I essentially agree that coinbase is an "exchange", but it's similar to calling an ATM a bank.  You might get buried for that, which is a shame because I like your overall point.
@_date: 2014-02-15 15:23:18
Semi-Unregulated: there are no real referees (yet).  It's in an exchanges' best interest to provide honest service but there aren't any watchdogs.  Mtgox was hit with federal issues (I believe) for not filing as a money-exchange venue, but Silk Road 1&amp;2 was entirely in the "darknet" and they seem to have stolen millions of dollars and sent out an apology that they were hacked as a cover (at least that's my conspiracy theory).  This is the wild west played over a financial system with no ties to physical locality or any national government.  Risky? you betcha.  Volatile and uncertain: certainly.  Fun: absolutely, as long as you don't bet the farm.  This doesn't sound great for someone starting out w/btc, but the wild west is the best for venture-endeavor and experimentation.
Edit: Silk Road 1 was shut down by the FBI, and they confiscated a large sum of btc.  Not sure if they've sold any off yet but we're talking ~28 million $$s in limbo.  If the feds wanted to they could dump it on the markets and cause a panic-sell.  In general: nobody knows what's going to happen, but trust in exchanges is not advisable.  Use them at will. :).
@_date: 2014-02-09 14:26:20
First thing I did when I saw the price-dive: buy some more!  I'm not sure if this is a sign of a major crash in the system itself, I just like the idea and use bitcoin as an expendable-income-savings-account.  If it disappears, I'll remind myself of the "expendable" part and move on.
@_date: 2014-02-28 04:11:43
You lost me at "It seems to be filled with yuppie hipsters and avoids...".   Can you see the mirror?  I'm definitely not a fan of slashdot, wired, arstechnica, gizmodo, gigaom, etc.  They all have an exit strategy: get bought-out by a big company and take home the fruits.  IN CONCLUSION: please don't mention hipsters or yuppies or any other clique-like adolescent stereotype.  Thanks!
@_date: 2014-06-05 00:34:12
I posted on this sub a notice that our NP accepted bitcoin and got ~$200 worth within 24 hours or so.  Not huge but for a small non-profit with just a small post on it made my financial director's eyebrows raise a bit.  The donation-incentive, especially at this early time is palpable.  Tack-on the international potential and we're golden.
@_date: 2014-03-05 00:14:28
If people had automated orders that caught that flash-crash, it may have screwed a lot of people's systems, so I agree we should hear from them what it was.  It's strange to me that the candle at that period showed such a large disparity below pricing but ended up being an uptick overall?  I've only really observed chart-trading so I'm a little lost.  I definitely noticed that one a few hours ago though.
@_date: 2014-05-21 03:15:10
Will do.  As I built up the links/etc we had a strange donation of over 10 btc, which unfortunately was over our daily limit with the bank (bitpay).  I don't expect that to repeat itself but &gt;$4500 donation was a wake-up call that we needed to increase our limit.  We probably missed that boat but wow, what an incentive to continue!
@_date: 2014-03-27 23:51:40
Seems like a downtick in exchange-rate means a downtick in people rationally explaining it...a hivemind/propensity for hysteria/panic-sell.  For those who DON'T hold IN-disposable assets in BTC it's just another opportunity to buy in low, but overall from what I've seen today China uncertainty is a big issue (once again).  On the more conspiratorial side I'm still wary of the day-traders' pump/dump/whale system they've seemed to find so enticing lately.  Just conjecture but watching the system roll through various stages is pretty damn entertaining...I'm just glad I use this as a hobby and haven't bet the farm on it.
@_date: 2014-04-14 22:14:43
So I bought in last November when the price was around $300....immediate skyrocket...yay!  SO, I spent some on some cool toys.  Price goes all over the place.  If I buy at a relative low and spend high, I am essentially buying things for free.  It's worked fairly well so far, over this last week I bought some more when it was below $400, then bought a small trinket on tiger direct today since I made enough off the buy.  It's trying to stay locked into the price that entices me to use bitcoin, not sitting on it like a grumpy dragon...very fun, but of course not really an investment, just playing the markets and enjoying the spoils as they come.  I also love the technology/protocol so I want to use it.  It's also entertaining going into a store that accepts BTC and being the first customer to use it.  Most local venues just use it on their website-commerce so walking in is a surprise.
@_date: 2014-03-09 15:56:54
It's hard to conceptualize the hive-mind that is best represented currently by "reddit (subset: There is a consensus/majority that might seem like a "gang" with a common cause, but really it's just you and I as individuals talking.  That's a very lofty way of saying "no prob, let's think this through".  This guy (Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto) was harassed by a reporter, then plastered on the front page of a dying (perhaps desperate) news organization which included very personal details allowing other reporters to harass an apparently innocent man.  Donations would be worthless if it was THE Satoshi, but Andreas made that clear.  Irrespective of the actual validity of the newsweek article, the (very loose and often unruly) community loved the idea of giving money to Dorian, and has currently raised &gt;43 BTC (~$27000 but of course that amount jumps around because volatility is an issue).  POINT-&gt;Charity with benefits:  As a community we are pissed at the level of intrusion into this man's life, so we donate our money to him with no strings attached.  In return we receive peace of mind and a bonus of (hopeful) understanding that we did not cause this media-circus.  Guilty by notoriety, but not an acting party in the hoopla.  SO: Here's a fat check in apology!  I don't see an issue with giving Dorian a nice unexpected bonus, do you?
@_date: 2014-02-11 01:25:47
We'll continue to see sceptical and inaccurate coverage, it's the big-box media outlet specialty.  I'm looking at the markets over the last 24 hours and even after this entire week's shit-storm media coverage the price pretty much hasn't done too bad.  If price drops: people that support and understand the protocol, as well as investors in a new paradigm will buy in at a nice price.  I'm disappointed it's lost that stability we saw over the last month or so but in general the bitcoin markets seem to be handling it well so far.
@_date: 2014-02-01 02:24:13
Sounds like a great experiment, kudos on the idea.  I'm sure the sociology/economics/whatevs departments in colleges are seeing some interesting studies in BTC lately!
Browser: chrome.  I'm not positive on dropdown but remember options on first field (how many BTC do you have) I had to manually enter the '.', felt like breaking the list of options.
Edit on other question seems perfect: you single out other bitcoin users as baseline + give boundary on what "age group" means.
@_date: 2014-07-30 23:48:43
Simmer down, please.  I don't check the news-feed very often and would not have known if this wasn't posted.  I don't just go to the top page so multiple posts (although often annoying) can be a good thing for skimmers like me.  It's like you're spitting in the celebration beer when I see comments like this.  Peace.
@_date: 2014-02-11 03:06:51
It's natural that the people already invested in the system would study enough to understand how it works.  Transition/growing pains from "garage-currency" to mainstream is playing itself out.  There are so many dangers to the current system that it's understandable people say things like "I wouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole".  I'm not betting my retirement money on this system, but once I learned some of the nuts and bolts I was very intrigued...This shit works, and can withstand some external pressure as we're seeing currently.  Sucker has teeth, so I'm in mostly to see how things pan out but also very addicted to spending bitcoin online and at local vendors because it feels nice using a new paradigm for money-transaction.  Take me and multiply by millions: that's a start.  Take me and add 3rd world countries with fiat that's manipulated by stingy government with runaway inflation, we have something amazing.
@_date: 2014-07-26 16:04:28
The libertarian stigma/propaganda is definitely an issue for me, but I researched the system and I love the sheer CS nature of it so I invested and continue to invest and enjoy the currency.  Ignore the fringes and hopefully the branding of BTC to a particular political interest will fade.  I actually rarely see BTC branded as libertarian anymore, at least compared to last year.
@_date: 2014-07-01 11:59:13
Thanks for the post.  Just got myself a motherboard.  I've always loved newegg but stopped shopping there waiting for this to happen.  I'll be watching tigerdirect and newegg on prices to see how they compare.
@_date: 2014-03-20 00:23:04
My favorite is: "A publicly verified method of electronic transfer of value, which can be converted into State-backed currency if needed".  I think it's fairly benign politically when stated that way...otherwise people get into a shouting match about the definition of Currency (again) and I get creeped out at the uselessness of arguing about anything when people are talking about different things/abstractions while using the same term/word.  
@_date: 2014-02-14 23:07:11
It's an emerging and global method for people to not only exchange value/money, but talk and interact about the market itself.  Social-Networking studies and Sociologists themselves have a goldmine of info taking-in data and watching results while this new technology grows.
@_date: 2014-02-17 00:20:45
That's what I've heard from the chart-traders...looking like ~$500 average over the trading platforms after the smoke blows away.  It's such a wild ride at this point there isn't much support for any kind of rally, just time to breathe once the pressure breaks.  I'm glad the system got pushed and we know where the breaking-points are.  Next iteration might be more stable: bad for the day-traders/short-term but as a baseline/stress-test it's not a complete disaster (yet) :).
@_date: 2014-03-28 02:01:46
I'd agree the ideology is a bit overboard, but if the profit-motive overruns the functionality/fungibility of the protocol we as a whole are fucked.  Regardless you can dump as an individual and watch profits yay!  If that's the case then enjoy.  I've already spent mine so I'm just watching the game and playing around.  There are some great ideological experiments that span from libertarian to socialist that all tie into the live-beta that bitcoin represents.  Market adoption on a large scale makes me very wary, so I might sign off myself but a little bird in my head says that keeping a small amount active will continue the expirement, I'm just going to make sure that I stay in the game until it turns into another tragedy/opportunity and play once again.  Growing up in a casino culture hasn't helped me curb my enthusiasm I guess.  Tying the risk to a technical achievement makes me even more bullish.  Short version:  Bye! 
@_date: 2014-05-15 03:11:24
We chatted about upgrading account status to $10K/day a couple weeks ago, but sending personal info for verification of that nature to an  unknown/risky company as an NPO is a hurdle, plus BTC donations are just an experiment so my neck is getting thin pushing the concept.  I'd love for us to be the first public charter school to accept BTC, but there is still a lot of fear, both legal and fiscal.  Break through that hurdle and you'll have charters+politicians+startups+whatevs and the train keeps rolling. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 15:02:25
I'm up for contract renewal in about a month.  I'm thinking either a galaxy note 3, sony Z ultra or HTC one MAX.  Nexus is close I just wish it had a slightly larger screen.  I agree, you get used to the size pretty quickly (unless you wear skinny-jeans or have really shallow pockets).
@_date: 2014-03-05 23:54:02
Big issue down the road is retailers &amp; customers want security and speed, so getting full confirmation might need an overhaul or someone to vouch immediately for the money and swallow any fraudulent retail transactions;  At least that's what I'm hearing lately.  Last time I did a local transaction they trusted me, but this system isn't going to glide off of good will anymore.  Natural self-regulation as the system expands?  ok, but watch out for public perception issues as people wait around to make sure the transaction is verified fully.  I've seen a few posts about this after my experience.  Thoughts?
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:56:04
Do you really eat fairy poop?  Yeah, I reserved some time in C-block to chat about cryptocurrency, next shift is laundry.  Sucks!
@_date: 2014-02-15 17:35:24
It's a micro-example of 2008 where people's value was invested in property/real-estate to a dangerous degree.  Single point of failure mixed with bad luck.  I'm not blaming or accusing anyone that worked with mtgox I just hope the business survives and won't go under after this debacle.  I do NOT want a run on the bank and I want mtgox to continue the exchange.  Hence: put the pitchforks and shotguns down.  We can work this out.  Lesson learned, not gonna happen again.
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:59:11
It's definitely not counter-intuitive if you're betting long.  A whale probably crunched the numbers and has the weight to take the loss if this endeavor doesn't turn out.  These spikes and valleys can be calculated so it's an investor wonderland if you find the right algorithm or follow closely enough with the big players.  Mainstream = yes.
@_date: 2014-02-06 02:02:35
I before E, motherfucker! 
edit-&gt; addition: apply to grammar ala reggie watts 
@_date: 2014-01-29 03:35:39
I'm currently having an issue with a TD order as well, but seems to be mostly about using a business address for shipping.  The BTC transaction itself was seamless.  We'll see if they can get the details untangled....but in general I feel that this is very new, and we should expect problems.  Incompetent CS reps are a given, especially with something like a new system of payment that just went live a few days ago.  They were probably given very little notice.  I know this seems like excuses in the "me want now" system, but the Original Post from this perspective is pretty uncomfortable.  Your issues are valid, but play nice...this is bleeding-edge and tiger direct might have bitten more than they can chew, but they had the balls to give it a shot...tl;dr: chill!
@_date: 2014-07-18 21:41:34
Just a ~~small~~  note: Most people I talk to only hear that BTC is a ponzi scheme fake money etc.  We're not out of that boat yet, so the savings from processing fees doesn't even reach their comprehension when dealing with digital "monopoly money".  BTC is making its way in the industry but the populace itself still only remembers the bad news from the last few months. Example: I work at a school and a 17 year old asked why I had so much nice equipment.  I told him I spent it with my own money using Bitcoin.  He seemed shocked and said "I thought that was worthless?".  I did a rudimentary explanation and we came to the agreement that USA dollar is very similar.  This kind of thing will continue and might actually magnify after the Dell announcement.  Short version: people are wary if not outright pissed-off at anything new that changes their perception.  Disruption indeed!
@_date: 2014-05-25 11:41:24
Whales are spinning and flopping all around.  The chart traders are stoned and making wild bets at the casino.  This is actually good news.  Sub-500 correction and I'll buy, otherwise it's time to shop at tigerdirect.  I'm going to offload some and buy a nice mouse for work.
@_date: 2014-03-09 13:36:59
/sarcasm?  Just want to make sure.
@_date: 2014-02-07 03:24:41
Wat? explain please.
@_date: 2014-04-11 00:44:19
Expect to see lots of gifs in the next couple days of people riding roller coasters and either freaking out or seeming bored (as well as downvotes).  I'm not sure how to feel, but overall I'm just buying in more and watching the rollercoaster keep falling.  Who knows where the bottom will be?  All I know is it has been a fun ride so if this is a serious crash that's ok, I enjoy disruptiveness as long as it doesn't land me in jail or broke.  Neither will happen so let the drama continue.
@_date: 2014-03-06 03:38:03
Problem on our end is that the cryptography works but the vendor/industry isn't robust enough (yet) to withstand concentrated attacks.  The vendor-side isn't able to withstand the interest that hackers have in stealing (currently) vulnerable BTC.  It's a market-level stress-test, and so far the thieves win, at least on the public stage. Understanding of BTC "importance" vs. "market adoption" is fundamental: bitcoin may have potential to become a new currency or at least a new method of transmission, but as "early adopters" we need to make sure we keep our head clear: this boat could sink otherwise.  I definitely see the potential, and love the ride, but I'm always going to be wary of the freak waves that might flip the ship.  Hope that makes sense.
@_date: 2014-03-06 00:10:41
Don't sweat the people calling foul because you mentioned you are a "competitor".  That was a good call on your part to come clean at the beginning, but also invited the cautious/paranoid so flak should be expected.  Sociologically some tweaks may help next time.  It's been a roller-coaster and I can already see the scaffolding from other industries that fill in the gaps as issues arise.  Future version: post a formal letter to blockchain.info documenting the discrepancy first, screen-shot, THEN post.  That way you are playing fair and will have less suspicion of FUD.  You might be "competitors" but that's actually not true given the nature of the companies in this explosive (and possibly implosive) market.  If they lose, you lose (which is why you posted I assume) but presentation of data needs to be neutral and presented in a more transparent (proof-of-work) method than posting and acknowledging you have possible conflicting interests.  Sorry if this sounds like a rant, I'm just working out the logistics of PR in stuff like this.
@_date: 2014-03-08 00:12:41
Crazy how two letters swapped made me think: Who?  What the hell is going on?  Moving on...
@_date: 2014-02-01 01:58:46
Nice idea!  2 changes I'd suggest on version 2 of the survey: 
Question: how many bitcoins do you own?  
issue: First unit via dropdown is "1".  I had to manually place a decimal because I'm smallfry and own less than 1. This is minor but I had a moment of despair before I realized I could ignore the dropdown. and type manually. 
Question: (something like): do you think you own more or less than your peer group (same or similar age)?
issue: lots of ambiguity here-&gt;similar age (relative)? 
Bitcoin perception of ownership:  do you mean compared to x number of people who are active in the bitcoin system or people of (unknown) range of ages as a whole?
Surveys are hard to sketch out.  Jack-asses like me poke holes in them. I think it's a great idea overall though.
@_date: 2014-07-21 19:09:57
I agree, but tell that to the shareholders...BTC volatility is way too high, no matter what fiat is doing.  Everyone knows it's a system on crutches, but nothing has come up to replace it...BTC is version 1.0 of a replacement, but needs stability.  I can arbitrage my way to buying trinkets online at almost 100% off, but I would never put my retirement in a system ruled by crazy people.  There's a serious argument that a trustless currency can be more trustworthy than one backed by a government, but it needs to be broken in and tested to the limits, right?  Current evolution is awesome and I'm very optimistic, but fiat rules until they realize otherwise.  да?
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:22:10
@_date: 2014-04-01 01:26:19
burden rests on IRS: If they say "jump" I shall.  I've got plenty of other 1099s to fog the water, and I'm not trying to evade but I will only respond to their requests if/as they come.  As written I will be punished for using/spending BTC on a per-transaction basis, which as far as I can tell is untenable. Charge me $X or fuck off.  Bad idea?
@_date: 2014-02-19 20:11:31
I'd imagine accounting and security logistics, as well as working within the NPO red-tape while using a crypto-currency as a pretty large/complicated startup project.  Best of luck, and don't forget some of the original ideas once you get through the legal weeds!
@_date: 2014-02-11 01:12:53
Thank god!  I tripped-out on the arbitrage-rates but never played around with that...looks like some traders got screwed.  I'll just keep buying electronics and playing the hills and valleys until this experiment works itself out!
@_date: 2014-02-07 01:23:13
I just submitted a post on with some ideas and linked directly to your imgur pics of the science project.  If you would "endorse"/comment/link on the post it might get more attention. I think it's a great story/opportunity to expand the issue and probably give more chance that Apple would respond.  I don't think it will make headlines or anything but it's kinda fun, ya?!   
@_date: 2014-05-29 22:27:40
So the quote you use as the title was from someone who had 1BTC and now has 1BTC, but says to look for the volume of trade in btc (NOT exchange for fiat volume I assume).  Investors love sitting on the sidelines and betting on the horses, but they don't experiment and go down and ride or at least pet the horses.  THIS is why capitalist stock market is overall production=0.  They don't do anything but make bets.  Figure out a P2P way to circumvent the exchange/stock markets and then we'll be rolling.  Sorry I'm sounding like a socialist now...yay to the moon and whatnot.  I use BTC to actually purchase stuff and yes I do watch the markets, but I'm not going to sit on a bunch of BTC and make my hoard a golden calf...I spend the mother fuckers then buy more BTC when I think we're at a point the price will change again.  People keep thinking $$$-&gt;BTC then BTC-&gt;$$$ but miss out on the great extra part: $$$-&gt;BTC then BTC-&gt;BTC, THEN BTC-&gt;&gt;$$ (if needed, which shouldn't be true after adoption).  Am I crazy or is this not the real functional purpose/transition into true decentralized currency?
@_date: 2014-07-17 12:26:23
Is this a spoof twitter account?  If not, it reminds me of the old google motto: "don't be evil"...which seemed to work for a few years but they've gone to the dark side recently, which GHASH will probably do as well if they keep marching up to the borderline.
@_date: 2014-02-16 15:25:17
Could be a script they're running to modify user accounts.  Considering it's happening to lots of people there's either a complete crack on their user account hash or it's just a symptom of whatever they're trying to fix.  I don't find it that strange it's traced back to China IP, physically that's the first hop Japan will make, we're only seeing the last-hop ISP  results.  I'm always trying to think positive though, which usually works since people are very jumpy about these things.  No one that I've seen in posts has stated they had any btc stolen, withdrawn, etc...just the notification botmail.  Let's see how it pans out.  Jeebers, what a mess.  
@_date: 2014-03-09 12:47:46
Your question is relevant, and you have an honest concern about the donations, I'm not sure why you've been buried a bit in votes.  The immediate concern within this community was not only that a very private man was going to be hounded by media but that his life was in danger possibly due to Satoshi's unspent bitcoins, the doxing of his house/car and the muckraking.  His health is in question and the extreme stress that being hounded can cause may have made it worse.  I donated ~$6 to a man that I felt was unfairly targeted by unethical journalism.  I'm not sure if he will even accept the donation but that's ok.
@_date: 2014-04-10 23:44:05
Welcome to the floor!  At least I bought tiger direct toys with my initial investment at $0 loss...now I'm sitting on a goose hoping it can fly with a bowling ball strapped on.  You can sell now then buy back if you'd like, I hold nothing against you...as long as you didn't bet the farm I'd just hold on. I bought more once it breached below $400, just going to watch the next couple days.
@_date: 2014-07-16 22:04:42
Yeah I saw a post about the promo yesterday but didn't realize I had to put in a code to get it...so I just bought stuff and forgot about the 10% discount thing when I hit "buy".  It would have only been ~$8 savings so no big deal: there goes my lunch money for tomorrow!
@_date: 2014-04-01 17:29:29
I'd be more worried about the email address being released than the name.  Expect some funky botmail if you're on this list.
@_date: 2014-02-14 00:36:04
I'm not a chart trader so I may screw up a few terms/ideas.  Let me know thoughts:  I've been working with a hobby-chart trader and making token bets (sub 1btc) trying to see if the patterns we see using fibonacci pan out.  They definitely DO match a lot of trends, but not at the 3+ month level unless you use retrospective analysis.  Applying same fibonacci to future doesn't have nearly as much success, and I believe it's because the volume is so low compared to traditional chart trading/currency-exchange-systems it swings more wildly based on fundamentals.  Meteoric rise and major news/journalism drooling for a scoop means the market will follow sharp crashes then slower recoveries now that the cat is out of the bag. Tail wags the dog and visa versa aside, it's definitely the  hobby for me over the past few months.  I actually use the bitcoins by purchasing things when I'm up and investing more when I think it's at the valley area.  Results are free trinkets plus the joy of using a new currency while playing markets with the volatility that allows it to be like a 100% off coupon if I see the trends properly.  In general it really does need to stabilize though, or it will become the gambling house then die.
@_date: 2014-08-06 23:59:26
As an aside: one of the gaps I've seen in this fledgling market/technology is the correspondence and cooperation between the IT/CS side and Econ.  Don't get me wrong: the people involved in both are having a field day and there have been great improvements due to cooperation between fields, but it could be better, and will be if things stick.  As someone on the more economical side, an introduction and understanding of the nuts and bolts on the software side would help calm others if/when you break the news that you are experimenting with BTC.  If you agree that you'd like to dig deeper on the technological reason BTC is breaking ground, then I would suggest that you DO read the original paper/brief (if you haven't already). 
@_date: 2014-02-03 03:37:13
Interesting question!  My take: If bitcoin is/will-be-considered a bona fide currency, it will (and probably should) stand for Nothing except a secure and versatile method of transfer over the internet.  If one  attaches a socio-political goal to a base protocol, it will strip the versatility from it.  This is why altcoins such as dogecoin are able to utilize the open-source method of adapting bitcoin protocol but are thereby separated from the original blockchain.  There is a lot of potential in bitcoin beyond currency or transfer of money as well.  A public distributed ledger of just about anything is possible as long as the security/encryption is maintained.  Dogecoin is an awesome project, bitcoin is a base protocol that can be adapted for applications such as dogecoin.  Am i pointed in the right direction?
@_date: 2014-02-02 16:06:27
Sounds good, I'm not a camera user anyway.  Only reason I'm thinking htc max is the "aluminum" casing.  Sony is because I like the idea of a BIG phablet, just need to do the pocket test.  I actually keep my phone for the full 2 years and am a heavy user for work.  I played with stylus on a note 2 and it was impressive!  Totally on the fence but note 3 is definitely in the top 3 list.
@_date: 2014-06-08 15:26:44
Just as Bitcoin protocol circumvents centralized banks, another outside protocol/group could pool resources to function as a 51% attack, regardless of anything the Bitcoin protocol/source/pool does itself.  Spreading mining work as an incentive needs to be implemented further.  I'm not a financial mathematician, but if mining incentive becomes big-business only (data-center-level), a 51% is a possibility.
@_date: 2014-05-16 01:52:56
Thanks, it's hard for me to solicit and I'm not sure why. The source is probably a feeling of shame as if I'm begging on the street, but this is a charter school run by public funds/grants so why the guilt/hesitance?  I'll finish up the student video and start advertising soon.  Overall I think I wish I wasn't "on-point" for marketing this fundraising drive, but I just need to get over it.  Small business blues.  "Give us money please, we're awesome, non-profit, and accept bitcoin.  Yay!"
@_date: 2014-03-26 01:25:33
It's like a microcosm of naysayer "ponzi-scheme" rolled up into a little ball.   What are the detractors saying?  Why is this so confusing and seems to be risky to the general populace?  Why hasn't Beyonce endorsed it yet?  Why hasn't it been destroyed by the market forces? yadayada...chug chug chugalong, little train.  What an excellent ride!
@_date: 2014-07-05 22:28:08
@_date: 2014-07-01 00:24:18
BTW I'll be buying electronics: following the swings is like coupons but a hell of a lot more fun.
@_date: 2014-02-15 23:18:56
Sorry I'm sidetracked by the TOR thing...I've been ranting against TOR for years.  If the NSA wants to observe anything, they will observe TOR, right?  Setup fake/surveilled nodes in foreign countries then observe the data as it flows on by, acting as an intermediary.  Done.  People are actually flagging themselves by using it.  Best to hide in the public and stop acting suspicious: it's obvious they can't handle the bandwidth needed on the "light"-web, so just use old-fashioned codewords and stay the fuck away from trying to hide.  Once again: your paranoia invites investigation.  The more you try to hide the more investigation will be interested.
@_date: 2014-07-21 18:45:07
That's what I do (keep it in BTC), but I'm not a multi-million/billion dollar company; They can't do that without shareholders shitting bricks.  I'd hope virgin galactic has the balls to do something like that, but most conglomerates would convert immediately to $$ to be safe, until $$ stability meets the new paradigm.  That sounds preachy but I'm making sense right?
@_date: 2014-04-14 23:54:49
There are some detractors against this method, but I agree Amazon is responsive to public volume-of-outcry.  They can be forward-thinking but also very banal in their handling of consumer issues.  Making a big stink will at least get the issue up the bureaucratic chain-of-command.  Being pouty and saying "fuck Amazon" isn't helpful.  Bitching and moaning (sorry) IS helpful.  At least in the USA it's the modus-operandi, yes?
@_date: 2014-03-15 18:51:01
Thanks for the thoughts.  I'm enjoying the more theoretical ideas lately instead of the hunt for Satoshi/Mtgox.  It's some fresh air at least.  Rant: Irrespective of where your wealth in BTC is kept, if the big boys get in (as they seem to be maneuvering toward) then we have some issues.  The mortgage bubble of wall street getting drunk in their own circle-jerk could repeat itself, and the depth of BTC isn't big enough to withstand the huge whales.  A strategy against pump&amp;dump is needed on the exchange markets, which again means self-regulation and some ground rules.  Unfortunately you can't play a fair ball-game if there aren't referees.  I believe the method/protocol has proven itself overall, so maybe I should hedge by investing in some altcoins?  In general I've been a bit nervous about how market adoption will work out.
@_date: 2014-06-27 22:17:17
I'm guessing the deadline just ended.  It'll probably be a bit before you hear anything, right?  I don't think anyone would double the current market price but some people have a lot more money to throw around then (I suppose) you do, so maybe they'll just double market price and hope in the long run they'll be in the black.  If that was the case if I were you and I could afford losing the whole shebang I'd bet double (~$1200) + an extra hundred or two.  I don't know enough about the "colored coins" initiative that you are involved in to give a value judgement on that, perhaps it's the small tweak needed to get it more mainstream than it already is.  
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:24:47
Sounds like you're getting a handle on some of the patterns currently in-motion.  High volatility is the norm with bitcoin until it gains volume and stabilizes.  It's quite new so people are making very wild speculation bets on it, which with such a small relative volume causes big movements in the exchanges. I'm no chart trader but I've worked with the software and have a layman's understanding of some of the nuts &amp; bolts, so take my explanation with a grain of salt. In general what you're looking at might be upward/downward pressure on the markets.  People put in orders to buy/sell at a certain price, then let an automated system fulfill the order once market price reaches that level.  Chart traders and/aka high-frequency trading use these methods (I used a program called "think or swim", it was very customizable).  Take a look at an exchange over the last week, you should see an insane "flash-crash" sometime Feb 9th/10th depending on what time zone the chart is at.  The reason for that dip is unknown as far as I know, but most people I've seen mentioning it say it was either a "panic-sell" (where someone put in a huge sell order at prices starting quite low) or someone fucked up and put a decimal place in the wrong spot when setting up an automated trade order.  I'm probably messing up a lot of the traditional vocabulary, but that's my take on it after watching from the sidelines for years.  Hopefully someone more experienced will fix or fill in the gaps.
Edit: also people are starting to buy in now that the price has hit where they think it's a good investment, hence the large drops followed by a slow "correction" as people buy in at currently-optimal price.
@_date: 2014-01-11 16:55:01
Still under review...has not taken a position...unfortunately unable to answer...
Iceland from my perspective is one of the most forward-thinking and malleable economies around.  If they go the path of China (knee-jerk prohibition) they will regret it, and they probably know that.  My guess is they are being extremely careful due to past (2008) issues and will slowly release the reins once they feel it doesn't pose a risk of crashed currency.  On the other hand, it might do just that.  Best wishes.
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:05:24
Mr. Wales, thanks for the post and I've enjoyed reading your replies.  You've been very responsive to the community as they bombard you with details/options.  I can understand that at first glance the protocol and community is a bit "chaotic", which might not sit well with a "Board-Meeting", but there is a fundamental reason:  This is ground floor.  I'm not sure why an institution such as Wikimedia would pass up this opportunity, but I assume it is in fear of being ripped-off.  Coinbase seems to me like a safe vendor but at the volume you might receive: an audit might be in order.  In general it's a hedge.  I hope you've enjoyed seeing the opportunities.  There are no guarantees so definitely keep your options open/hedge bets.  From personal experience: This is the coolest thing I've seen since OOP (showing my age but there it is).
@_date: 2014-07-01 22:18:11
Trinidad Scorpion Jelly is sold out... :(...PM me when it comes back. Also, here's the public charter school I work at where I setup a bitcoin donation option ;).  
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:48:10
As a vendor, you have the opportunity to keep more of your money since you're not getting fleeced by the credit card companies.  This would in turn incentivize you to offer discounts for using bitcoin.  On the consumer-side, you would be able to purchase items from any country without needing to worry about what currency it is.  This allows for easy purchasing as the protocol becomes more widely used.  Many services can go global without having to deal with currency issues.  As an individual you can send money to family in another country with a fraction of the cost.  Donating to a charity across the world doesn't need to be a cumbursome process...etc.  Currently you may not see much benefit in these things, and I'm in the same boat as you, so here's my personal (and probably short-term) use of bitcoin:  I watch the markets as the industry grows and make small investments.  When I see that my investment have been good and I think there may be a downturn, I buy something using bitcoin.  When I think the value is low, I buy back some bitcoin.  I've essentially purchased 4 or 5 things using bitcoin at a total dollar cost of $0.  If the market stabilizes (which I hope it does) then this won't be as big of an incentive, but hopefully by that time adoption will have become more mainstream and we will be using bitcoins natively for both domestic/local and international purchases.  Early adopters have already made great financial gains, and we still may be in the "early-adopter" phase.  It depends on how far market adoption goes.  A naturally deflationary system with high demand means the value of each unit will naturally rise.  Sorry for the long explanation, but that's my take on it.
@_date: 2014-07-18 22:24:35
I was actually a bit bummed that it wasn't bitpay.  I use both (coinbase for personal bitpay for business) but liked bitpay more due to their 0% fee policy on non-profit companies.  They're both good though, what's the 3rd contender in the neo-economy?
@_date: 2014-07-05 14:43:47
I'm definitely NOT a libertarian, but I can say that your take on the situation is 100% correct from my end.  Philanthropy will hopefully be the flux needed to help the world understand that BTC is not a scheme, it's a global MFing currency.  I'm not going to get preachy about it, I just keep buying things and people notice I'm not using cash, credit, paypal etc.  Adoption is natural or dead-on-arrival, no need to debate political issues.  It works.
@_date: 2014-02-01 00:58:42
I think it's a great question.  From my perspective the "perceived" value of any commodity/item/currency is the collective agreement of all participating parties, averaged.  Manipulation in this system is what wall street was built off of, and bitcoin won't change that.  Neither will gold.  My practical use for the base element gold is 0, and although it has some very nice/unique physical properties, I'd say 99% of the value is speculation and rarity, nothing more.  USD is in even worse shape, and taken from a "rarity" standpoint is ridiculous, since it can be created by whim.  True currency is functional and also a commodity, such as oil, but we don't need to trade/barter directly by giving a fruit seller a cup of oil, we use "tokens" and mutually accepted methods of currency because that's much easier.  Trade-rates are the struggle finding that elusive "average" between the "values" of various tokens, which are just symbols representing value of true commodities.  I'm no economist, but that's my take on it.
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:03:54
Yes, I saw in this thread someone who currently works in Overstock, saying the red tape made it hard for them to roll out international, so they concentrated on US national site and will continue working on the international process...sorry can't link to actual conversation.
@_date: 2014-02-17 20:29:22
Their PR lately is horrible, that's for sure.  You've been at this for far longer than I (just jumped in a few months ago after lurking). Despite short term issues (extremely short if you relate it to more traditional exchanges) don't you think they could turn it around?  Yes they've lost a lot of trust and put the market itself under question again in the mainstream media, but wouldn't a survival story be better than this meteor crash of the most iconic exchange?  I love a good story, and either way I think bitcoin will bounce back for at least another round of the experiment...I'd just rather the story be about the survival and ability to overcome stressful growing-pains than the implosion of what was once the entire market.  Wishful thinking perhaps, but I wouldn't count them out yet: I'm rooting for survival, even if that's a temporary drain on markets I think it has potential to be the success story solidifying the potential we all see possible.  Yadayada sorry for ranting I'm just a sucker for the underdog.
@_date: 2014-02-15 21:58:42
I'd imagine if the FBI just wanted to release their "contraband" they would sell with a broad spectrum, including incredibly low prices, fire-sale-style.  btc bid at $100 sounds nice nowadays, but it would destabilize markets for at least a short time if large enough quantity.  This is minutiae overall though...seems like we agree they can't use it to fundamentally damage the system, just put a bump in the road.
@_date: 2014-09-08 22:37:08
I was happy to see a notification from P2P, then sad when I read the message.  That was the last place that we had at least an idea that the source was valid, right...Unless a message was tagged with BTC in whatever blocks he owns from the beginning of the chain?
@_date: 2014-05-29 22:19:13
The version I got in childhood is: "Try not to envision a pink elephant right now"....never fails.
@_date: 2014-12-04 23:11:41
Yeah it looks like the old mastercard logo from the blurry perspective of a drunkard.
@_date: 2014-07-17 12:06:48
Yup, Intel celeron was $50, canon printer $30, but I bet the replacement toner costs a bunch.   
@_date: 2014-06-05 22:25:51
I wasn't sure if you meant the comments on this thread or the article itself.  You have to admit, this thread is full of moons and cream and pretty much just a bunch of people being happy and stupid... I'll go check the article comments themselves now.  I bet they're a bunch of people who are pissed their ponzi scheme seems to be spreading to the CEOs and companies who don't get that when you call it ponzi a million times it must be true.
@_date: 2014-02-25 02:14:01
Wow.  I'd think PR even retroactively would negate any trade charges/"nibbles" since they seem to have collectively fucked the system up, hopefully temporarily but what kind of service charges fees then disallows withdrawal of money for weeks at a time while the value drops to the floor?  Granted, this is the wild-west...but at the same time this level of "buttfuckery" just doesn't compute for me.  That's why I'm so confused.  Are people saying this is a grab?  If so, they're doing it in a very public manner, which doesn't seem right.  I'm thinking they're just in over their head.
@_date: 2014-02-19 17:57:20
It sucks if you get burned or experience some of the bad factors, but don't let that taint the initial potential you saw at the beginning.  When a new paradigm shows promise but is risky the first people to jump in are the risk-takers, including some pretty greedy and bad people.  If bitcoin becomes completely insolvent due to abuse hopefully one of the altcoins will take up the mantle.  It's an evolving system and still very new, which people will attack from many angles.  I've been verbally abused multiple times and I try not to preach or predict anything, just point out the potential.  Some people won't have it, don't want it, and will actively fight against it just because it seems "ponzi" or they're stuck in the current paradigm so deep they're unable to see a system that has at least a chance of changing things, hopefully for the better.
@_date: 2014-07-03 23:38:19
The idea of ASIC-resistant algorithms reminds me of a word I recently learned: "[Luddite](  I appreciate the concern and seriousness of the issue, but knee jerk "let's just make it harder" isn't going to work imo.  Evolution Does stumble on speed bumps, but it hurdles over them within a generation or two.  I'm not a miner but this pattern seems to hold true in technology.  Am I missing something?
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:58:54
They're definitely working on it, but I don't think that system is ready yet either...we need an entrepreneur with enough capital to invest in kiosks throughout a south-american country and get the ball rolling, essentially kick WU out of the market or force them to compete.  Lots of people see the opportunity but I haven't heard of anyone doing any pilot projects yet.  I'd definitely jump on board to help if it didn't turn me into a poor migrant myself :).
@_date: 2014-05-25 10:26:15
Interesting. I worked for T-Mobile tech support back when they still had words like "PDA" and "Blackberry", so I always try to stay friendly because I've been on the other end of the line.  At the very least he/she will remember your issue and has been introduced to BTC.  Apple's nature &amp; business strategy is restrictive, and has been since I can remember.  Accepting BTC transaction/wallet apps is in direct competition to their objective of keeping everything "under the roof" and under their control.  They may change their mind at some point, but I think other companies with more open philosophies will need to jump on the boat before Apple will realize they're screwed and can't ignore this beast.  I admire Apple in their tenacity attempting to control the weather and they have some great products, but as a consumer their business-model just seems petty.  I vote ditch the iphone and allow yourself to enjoy the wilderness that is the insane amounts of other products from an insane amount of other companies.
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:14:38
Awesome work!  Now, about the macbook pro and purchasing an ipad air case...I wonder if Apple will take notice if you write them about this project and ask them why they won't allow bitcoin apps on their OS?
@_date: 2014-02-06 02:03:15
Non-issue.  best of luck with that apple!
@_date: 2014-02-15 16:49:43
This has all been a horrible story: a system gone haywire. Now people with pitchforks are waiting at the door, watching threads, predicting a bank-run etc. From my perspective: this is beta, please stay calm and put the shotgun down, for god's sake.  Buy a cute gadget/drink at overstock/tigerdirect/local-venue and enjoy the fruit of a system that functions.  The bi-polar-jitters make me twitch!
@_date: 2014-05-15 23:37:29
I'm lucky that the financial director's husband is a techie and I think they understand the potential of BTC.  Bitpay charges 0% for non-profits as well, which compared to fleecing companies like indiegogo (~7-9% I think) is quite an incentive.  Charity/pseudo-anonymity and international commerce are going to be what makes it stick I hope.  For safety's sake until it goes truly mainstream there is definitely a need for NPOs like us to have someone (bitpay/coinbase/etc) vouch-for and manage the transactions.  Fun stuff though!
@_date: 2014-02-20 02:12:56
I had an issue working with them when they first started accepting btc on a couple purchases...seems there's a disconnect between customer service and the website purchasing department.  No worries, it worked out overall.  You might have to apply pressure until they get things working better though.
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:46:33
At work I try to get everything in writing.  Working with vendors over the phone means they talk heaven then produce shit because there isn't a record.  I assume this is because they know they can sugar-coat things verbally and it isn't admissible in court unless you say outright that the conversation is being recorded.  Same stringent rules apply for things like this.  Scan it or it will be shuffled off to @_date: 2014-02-13 00:47:58
Evolution in society is a wild beast.  I applaud the forethought put into keeping source-identity of the original bitcoin development anonymous.  Although I think it would be fun to learn how the original concept/development-process was born I hope it will forever remain a mystery.  No matter how this grand experiment pans out, it is without a doubt a disruptive and "game-changing" form of communication;  Currently in the form of "wealth/value" but expandable to a new era of communication not seen since the culmination of the internet itself.  Thank you for introducing this new paradigm, and let me know if there's anything in my lofty rant that is full of shit or way off-base. :).
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:00:17
I pledge .1 (sorry I'm not a "baller")
@_date: 2014-04-17 23:27:18
Not sure why you're getting downvoted...seems like a legit question to me.  I just setup a donation page for accepting BTC for a school.  It was super easy with bitpay (took 30 minutes or so once our account was verified).  We're pretty much doing anonymous donations though so your setup would be a bit more involved, for processing  their accounts and invoicing etc.  Overall it's probably fine as long as you don't spend too much energy/$$ with webdev stuff.  You should be able to use the current online exchange/vendor services to convert most directly to USD for safety, and maybe keep a percentage for investment.
@_date: 2014-07-17 00:09:26
I deal with both Chase and WF.  I wonder about the differences in their internal email correspondence in regards to BTC.  You think Wells Fargo would be a good candidate for first full-fledged international banking system to accept?  I know that's a hail mary but I have to ask:  We're going (unordered) tigerdirect-&gt;overstock-&gt;newegg-&gt;virgingalactic-&gt;DISH-&gt;Expedia-&gt;moon etc?  Once the system grabs hold I will be a skeptic and leave it to the day traders, since it will be a balanced system.  Currently I'm just buying shoes, shower curtains, CPUs, Mice, Keyboards etc...it's like going to the casino except I actually win.  I love the idea and the algorithm/paradigm seems solid, I just want to   
@_date: 2014-04-11 00:04:40
Thanks! I actually work with 5 year olds so I take it pretty seriously when someone posts ELI5 then gets bombarded with "grown-up" Github chatter/regurgitation.  It's like giants coming into the playground and stealing all the toys ranting "sustained-fungibility!".
@_date: 2014-01-12 15:14:51
I had a conversation just last night where I ended up explaining the process and why bitcoin is so popular in certain crowds.  It only took a couple sentences to realize they had no idea what I was talking about.  To them, it is "fake money".  Explaining the process of mining/verifying-transactions/encryption etc. is pretty hard!  It reminds me of describing how a crayon goes from certain elements in the ground to being in a box in a school kid's backpack.  If you try to explain the whole process you will lose.  In the future I'm just going to shut my mouth and let the process run its course.  We don't want to preach the benefits of decentralized crypto-currency, just let the system do its thing and answer questions if they come up.  On the other hand, if someone is truly interested, we can definitely help clear up any misconceptions/details and show the potential of bitcoin to those that are willing and able to grasp the concept.  I'm just worried people will treat it like the "apple syndrome", in that people who believe in the process start preaching it to others to the point they recoil and fight against it.
@_date: 2014-02-01 01:25:07
2 cents: HEDGE/escape/exit strategies - no one is saying the boat will float, much less turn into a rocket...but many are saying it's a great opportunity.  Hedge options and mitigated risk are bread and butter for large scale.  Get the legal team onboard, they are the most frazzled by the pace of this.  Don't present like a salesman, I hate that shit.  This isn't a car, this is millions of dollars and thousands of jobs.
@_date: 2014-07-01 00:27:52
So far it's a list of who DIDN'T win the auction...Coinbase silent but they may have had a big push....all speculation at this point.  Overall situation looks pretty good though, lots of big players got bid out.  Expect rollercoaster for the next few hours?
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:10:48
Please explain further.
@_date: 2014-03-04 00:21:52
There are definitely some grey areas that I'm sure more financially-learned people will hopefully respond to...my question was what the division line on "gambling" is.  To some, day-trading the exchanges and keeping revenue (willingly or not) on an exchange could be considered gambling.  That might not hurt mtgox holders as they try to work things out, or it might become a second bite; I'm curious as to how that will work out.  Or is it considered a service provided similar to a local vendor, in which case the vendor deals with tax/surcharge on their end? 
@_date: 2014-04-11 02:32:14
I don't see any signs the game is over and I enjoy typing on my lovely BTC keyboard so bear with me. 3 fronts I've been working/learning on: fundamentals, charts, and the actual technology potential.  Of those 3 the arbitrage ability of chart-traders is the most dangerous.  We may have hit an actual crash on the exchanges.  
Fundamentals: bad bad bad news all the time while the infrastructure is setup-&gt;conspiracy: market adoption means dump (via insider whale adoption) then buy in low in HUGE volume, rinse and repeat.  Other side is to sell short in whatever means possible but that doesn't seem to be happening unless precognition involved.
Charts:  I was told it would hit ~ $400 and follow a logarithmic path.  Seems to hold true but this is an extremely new paradigm so I can only hold onto those predictions as far as I can throw them.
Technology potential:  this is the only reason I give a shit and have been holding/spending/experimenting for months.  The value/exchange-rate DOES change how I use BTC, but it doesn't change my belief in the disruptive nature of the system used.  Value on current exchange markets pales pretty quickly when people see the actual value of it beyond the financial market....Blah blah...short version: yes, like this...but hopefully less painful next iteration.
@_date: 2014-01-31 23:10:34
sidenote: no wikipedia article on him.  I wanted to get a more in-depth idea of his past in order to fill out nomination form with some nice details....closest I've found is 
shot-put athlete...is that where you throw a ball or something...oh wait, I can just look it up on wikipedia.
@_date: 2014-07-16 21:15:38
SHIT, I just bought a CPU and printer from newegg with BTC ~3 hours ago then saw your post.  Ah well...the discounts and less processing fees are going to be the oil, too bad I just missed this promo by a hair.
@_date: 2014-06-06 02:13:22
Wow, spending other peoples' money with your name on it and investing in a highly volatile and risky market.  Sounds like real estate to me.  Too bad most of my friends and family got bit bad doing that at the wrong time.  You'll get lots of cheers here but seriously...you can't live in a casino and there isn't a way to turn magic beans into a fortune when you poor water on them...you'll most likely end up with gremlins instead (debt collectors and such).  That said, it's always nice to see someone make a hail-mary pass.  I play the market and buy trinkets when I win...You're talking joining the BTC army.  If you can't afford to lose it, stop pulling the jackpot lever.
@_date: 2014-07-17 21:44:38
I like google overall, they just stopped working quite as benevolently once they went public.  Here's an article logging some things:
and below is a quote from the article if tl;dr:
The first public inkling that something had gone wrong was made evident in 2005 when Google blacklisted CNET for pointing out Mountain View's hypocritical position on privacy. Google was effectively mining the information on its users but apparently protecting that same information on its CEO. This was rather prophetic, given the company's recent Consent Decree with the FTC which implies the FTC concluded that Google was in violation of its own code.
But it was probably around 2005 that Google started to ignore its own Code of Conduct. Other examples include the agreement with Sun to help market Open Office followed by the acquisition of Upstartle in 2006 which resulted in Google Apps competing with Open Office.   
However, the most memorable code of conduct breach was Google's attack on the iPhone,  a device  they clearly intended to destroy. Now this is something I find particularly troubling, given just how much help Steve Jobs had given Google - including putting its CEO on Apple’s board. 
Most recently, their high profile deal with the city of Los Angeles appears to have been misrepresented and Google is being asked to support Novell GroupWise at the cost of "several million dollars" - clearly showcasing that, at the very least, they put IT buyers at risk. Finally, we know that Google’s lack of vendor support for Google TV put Logitech at critical risk, prompting the company to literally run for the hills from the latest iteration of this product even though it appears to be much improved.
As I wrote this article, users were having a bit of a fit over Google’s penetration of their computers to report their location by mining information of Android phones in the vicinity. Essentially, Android phones are now Google spies and secretly reporting back not only the phone’s location, but the location of other devices they scan. Oh, and yes, instructions on how to opt out of this clear privacy invasion are here. Of course, it is also worth noting that Google is the only tech company I know of that has actually been chased out of town by guys in scuba gear and carrying pitchforks. 
Read more at 
@_date: 2014-05-15 23:30:31
We were able to increase it to $10K on bitpay today.  Probably too late for whoever may have attempted to donate 10BTC yesterday but them's the breaks :(.  I've chatted here on with a local bitcoin vendor ("ABQCoins" I believe) and Albuquerque is generally fairly BTC friendly.  I'm trying to get all the pieces in order before doing a fundraising drive on the Bitcoin-side...you can only ask for a handout a few times before people start getting annoyed :).  I'm a programmer/IT-guy, not a salesman, so the whole process feels a bit "icky" to me, but I love using bitcoin so I thought this would be a cool experiment.  I wonder if we're the first public charter to accept it...or even state-funded NPO....doesn't really matter, it's fun!
@_date: 2014-08-13 03:03:22
If I were to dig deeper, I'd definitely delve more into the stats and analysis: would that be considered "Econometrics"?  I worked on GIS software for a bit and LOVED combining demographic data across multiple areas.  My classic example: Take the location/details of electrical substations and overlay it with the home residence details/location of people diagnosed with brain cancer.  Correlation depends on many factors but you can home in on them via graphical interface.  Stock-market version would be Fibonacci patterns or other "big-data" analysis of markets in general.  would the "Introductory Econometrics" be the best fit in this case? 
@_date: 2014-02-11 01:34:23
Perspective is nice, thanks for posting.  I'm not a hater just sad to see things are going so badly.  When a company is trying to stay solvent in a crisis there can be knee-jerk decisions made that cause even more issues.  Folding with elegance (admitting issues, talking straight, etc) doesn't equate in the super-capitalist market, so I'm thinking mtgox might be in the death-throes of management trying to keep the pitch-forks away, which only adds to the fire.  I'd hope that a more stable exchange could buy out mtgox and fix things, but not very optomistic.  The equation with a "casino" and inherent risks need to be dealt with before bitcoin can jump the next level to transfer/international/internet-currency.
@_date: 2014-05-25 12:52:28
Game of Thrones is  Long live the imp!  Where is HBO on this list?  I'd gladly pay them and/or amazon to watch, but have to resort to those insane torrent sites, for reasons unknown except I suspect they're trying to force me to subscribe...which makes no sense because I don't have a TV.  BTC option isn't even on the horizon but I'd gladly pay: WTF?
@_date: 2014-03-15 13:22:00
Large-scale adoption means people will want to use a service-provider to hold their BTC and facilitate the transfer of wealth in a trusted manner.  I don't officially "own" my savings account at my bank, but I trust them much more than having savings hidden in the cellar, where a fire or flood would destroy it.  The bank provides assurance that my funds will be safe.  Bitcoin keeps hitting this issue again and again, so it's a problem of trust and the growing pains of market adoption.  There is no "safe" way of owning an asset without risk of it being stolen unless someone insures that asset with their own risk.  That gives them the ability to use "your" money for their own purposes (FRB), and is the incentive to take that risk.  BTC is like a crash-course rerun of the last 300 years at an extremely fast pace: barter/voucher/coin/check/debit/loan/credit/BTC.  It's at least a step forward, but all the issues of the past are still here: it's not a magic bullet, it's a step forward.
@_date: 2014-06-30 22:53:48
I gotta say, your fortitude dealing with the CV haters is commendable.  I'm agnostic so it's fun watching you take a beating and not just shun the community.  Hang in there, I like a variety of characters  on the playing field.
@_date: 2014-03-05 03:26:34
It's a 2-way street: they're trying to protect you as well as themselves.  If they see irregularly large withdrawals they will call to make sure you're not getting fleeced.  They're also worried that you're making a run and might close the account completely.  They probably have automatic flags on accounts that signal an issue above a certain amount of fiat.  These are great signs your fiat account is in good hands.  If only mtgox had a similar system of self-regulation we might not have lost months of time working on the system.
@_date: 2014-01-10 03:38:48
No discounts from overstock that I know of, if that's what you mean.  They got a good response from us though so maybe they'll put a coupon up for people using bitcoin in the future.
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:51:42
Enjoy the experiment!  Sounds like you've caught the bug: To me there's a fundamental reason why BTC makes sense, works, and is live currently (at the least driving industries if not entire countries to re-evaluate the situation).  Ability to transfer funds internationally without BS fees and 3rd party clutter?  YES.  Financial industry renovation through grass-roots open-source P2P network?  Unheard of.  I expect a fight but seems like so far they're ok with it as long as they can co-opt.  Meantime we have a crazy market and I've enjoyed purchasing things with BTC.  I'd love to see it gain mainstream-market-adoption but regardless it's been a wonderful ride.
@_date: 2014-01-29 04:22:37
Sorry my original reply came off a bit harsh...I'm with you...This is a good example of why bitcoin might not be ready for mainstream quite yet.  I think since you are dealing directly with a customer (who is obviously dissatisfied) the exposure on your end is much greater than mine.  I've been slowly investing in bitcoin as a personal experiment and realize/(make sure) any losses are mine alone, and won't bite if the floor collapses.  If possible I would reimburse current customer and work on the issue like triage (take the hit).
@_date: 2014-07-05 17:39:43
I doubt there's astro-turf-like FUD involved, although that might be possible.  Hivemind wants simple solutions and cheerleading, not devil's-advocate engagement.  That said, the easiest road to the grave would be to plaster "Libertarian" on bitcoin.  It makes sense across almost any political spectrum.  Government will need to adopt, which in some ways means co-opt the system.  We don't need anarchy to evolve the financial system, just another nudge toward a better one.
@_date: 2014-04-02 23:05:15
I'm not sure, it seems like a natural tendency to hold when you don't have the savings you previously enjoyed.  I use it as an opportunity to buy back in after spending and wait a bit.  It doesn't feel like a theory to me, just a logical way of using a fluctuating currency.  I did buy a mouse on tiger direct last week but that was just routine.  Overall, the volatility is still an issue, which is too bad I was enjoying the mid $800 exchange rate that seemed to be stable for a month or more.  Growing pains of a new technology I guess, but I'm going to be exchanging $ for BTC and doing less buying until things clear up.  I'm overall a big fan of the industry/tech itself, but just not feeling very "buy-happy" right now, and I don't think it's due to a "theory" or untrue, it's just the nature of currency and evaluation of price.
@_date: 2014-02-25 02:34:12
I heard that on the exchange-side (reason the relative exchange value plummeted so drastically) but it seems like mtgox wins either way as long as they can get their own money out.  Legal issues aside this seems like a classic case of "don't really care, we charge per-transaction".  I hope it works out, and it's nice to buy back in at what I consider basement price, but the volatility is the weakest link in the long run and I'd love to see this boat float.  Paypal/Square need to cheap-up and accept there's a new deal in town.
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:11:14
Reality more bizarre than truth is the norm, I'm on the fence and just going to wait to see how this all works out.  Either way 1: Newsweek is probably fucked.  2: If the "real" Satoshi is still in hiding he just gave a shitload more attention to himself by messaging/denying his identity.  Things are quite different since 2011, so that's a strange post.  Perhaps he's trying to bail Dorian out so they'll leave him alone?  If it is Dorian trying to hide he's too late.  If it's a member/proponent of bitcoin community that cracked the accout and just adding to the unknowns that's possible.  Could even be a sysadmin at p2pfoundation.ning.com just doing their part to take flak off Dorian etc...I'm just popping off conspiracy theories as they come, and it's amazing how many there are (I'm usually pretty strict about crazy ideas).  Media frenzy and wonky ideas are flying around like crazy.  I just had to add mine because, well....I can't help it.  Please forgive, and long live Dorian!
@_date: 2014-02-20 01:39:50
I think the general reason behind the "hate" of the idea of bitcoin is because it's fundamental (aka dangerous change), and people are just sick and tired of others trying to con/spam/malware/etc.  The internet is still the "wild west" itself, so people have an adverse reaction to an even wilder concept.  It's too fast, too many unknowns, too many stories of other snake-juice scams...I'd recoil too if I wasn't enamoured by the structure/protocol-itself.  Maybe it is too early to jump beyond the "geekdom"-level, but cat is out of the bag at this point so I'm rooting for at least an adaption/adoption of the elements that btc introduces.  At least the academics on maths/CS/econ are paying attention.
@_date: 2014-03-09 14:09:04
You have a good point: a State doesn't need to challenge Bitcoin directly, it can supplant it with its own version/fork.  Anti-Coup achieved, and central authority maintained.  I feel a bit filthy saying it, but I bet they're already working on it.
edit: yes I have a tin-foil hat. :)
@_date: 2014-07-01 21:57:33
So do you spread pepper jelly on toast and such?  Seems kinda interesting.
@_date: 2014-02-15 15:57:23
Yes on many points.  I think of it as similar to the Apple-loving people that talk about their phones/tablets almost religiously.  The evangelistic fervor when people cheerlead bitcoin can be very annoying, and although I have the bug I try not to preach/rant the gospel of a very strange and unstable/uncharted system.  This experiment might die tomorrow.  I think the mental gap looking at the price of 1 btc jumping up and down so dramatically steers people away as well...there's a fundamental misconception that 1 btc is the basement of buying power, when really you can buy a miniscule amount and just play with it.  I first bought in with $30 when that meant .1, then watched the sucker bounce all over the place.
The source of "anti-bitcoin" sentiment is definitely multifaceted, but in general I think the butthurt people that are envious they didn't get in early is the minority...most just see the crazy uncertainty and say "fuck this" by default.  They might be right, but I think they're missing out on a fun ride.  
The open-source software-architecture/protocol itself is what excites me the most.  Even if bitcoin goes down in flames, the process is solid enough to withstand multiple issues and is designed to evolve as needed.  Best thing since OOP.  oh wait, I'm starting to preach...sorry :)
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:32:40
Explosive logarithms!?  I'm sure it's probably a mix-up, but it did give me pause...
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:13:56
Buddy saw the same thing.  I just by default said, "log out then back in", and it worked.  Floor price maybe has some takers, but recent news means the floor may have dropped a bit.  Either way, buy-time!
@_date: 2014-02-01 01:46:28
Great graphics, I wonder what they used.  Did he say $70 USD exchange rate or was I just not paying enough attention? Amazing how fast things change. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 23:50:09
Independent here, pretty much socialist in many ways.  BTC represents in my mind an evolution in transmission that doesn't "destroy" or "circumvent" the "evil State", it's just a potentially better method of doing it, so the State would naturally adopt it once the writing is on the wall.  It was adopted initially by more Libertarian-minded people because, well, they love the idea of going around the central authorities...I think it's great, and have lots of Libertarian friends, but the political agenda will use the stereotypical label of "Libertarian" to try and divide/conquer the discussion.  If the guy that invented the wheel was a Tutsi, does that mean all the Hutu people should boycott the wheel and rant about how it's a stupid child's toy? Nope, and people ranting about how BTC is a Libertarian ponzi-scheme need to stop thinking in terms of politics... 
edit: oops I didn't realize your comment had already turned into a shitstorm...sorry for the detritus!
@_date: 2014-01-09 23:39:30
Yeah the Ghash issue with the miners seems like it was getting pretty hectic.  Last I heard they had started seeing a drop below 40% and some nice words from the owners of Ghash.io, but it's always hard to tell in the multiple-threads I was looking through.  51% threat probably a top priority for the bitcoin org/developers?
@_date: 2014-04-19 17:16:49
He's been great about contributing in the past so if you feel his fees for consulting with N&amp;B should be refunded in some manner to the community he might oblige.  PM him, he's responded to me in the past and is very active.  Unfortunately as a speaker/promoter of BTC he gets a lot of flak when things don't go well.  The whole cyprus thing is insane to me, just trying to figure out what/why/where/who at this point.
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:18:01
I've been watching the log graph as well and it's one of the main reasons I dug a bit deeper to invest.  Still just chicken feed but a fun hobby nonetheless.
@_date: 2014-05-29 21:59:18
I'm pretty confused myself.  Merchant adoption means they will sell the btc for fiat once you use yours to buy something, probably at the same exchange rate for most people who have a go-between like coinbase, or they would get sued for skimming the transaction (unless that's in the legal terms of the account).  BTC transferred (already owned but at some point bought), then sold to dollar = selling pressure, right?  But in order for a middle man (coinbase) or a direct owner of BTC to negotiate that dollar transfer they can choose to leave the spent BTC spent and gone or buy back into BTC after complete.  That depends entirely on the market itself, so we have a network effect of WHAT?  I buy stuff with BTC when my latest purchases of BTC have been profitable in the dollar exchange rate, then buy BTC back when I think things have bottomed out a bit and we might be hitting a bullish time...so I'm also confused as to how merchant adoption and then transfer directly to fiat results in a net downward effect.  I'm probably missing some key point and may get attacked for not researching more but I like to do things the hard way and logic my way through it.  Sorry for the rant, hope it made sense.
@_date: 2014-02-14 23:21:09
smiley-face "I'm joking"...right?  It's so hard to tell sometimes...
@_date: 2014-03-17 22:48:13
Don't worry about the cranky responses to this post.  This is an issue that bitcoin is supposed to alleviate in the long run.  Could you possibly use TOR, proxy through a US node, then just put a Canadian shipping address?  I'm not sure what the shipping legality issues are paying with bitcoin supposedly "in USA" yet shipping across country lines.  It would be interesting to see what (if any) errors you'd come across.  My guess is the shipping web interface might break/error-out so I'd test it with a small item and see what kind of roadblocks show up.
Edit:  I bought something using Tiger Direct on day 1 when they offered it and did have a couple issues, but overall it worked out.  This is bleeding edge and just getting the ball rolling so don't get too pissed, it's awesome that TD stuck their neck out to try this.  I've started moving my job's tech purchasing over to TD as well. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 23:45:32
Good point, I was just thinking about this.  There is definitely a creeping "crotchety" style to and we need to be vigilant in keeping the crankiness to a minimum.  It's their choice to reply and downvote people who are less informed, but we can use those same tools to reassure the newer questioning people.  I call it the "IT syndrome": just because you've spent time learning the nuts&amp;bolts of a system doesn't mean other people should expend the same energy.  It's like a car mechanic deriding you for not understanding that your serpentine belt had a tension issue...wtf, I'm a financial advisor I don't need to be assaulted because I don't understand the underpinnings of the protocol.  It's another example of the dogecoin crowd being right in certain aspects.  I'm not a big fan overall but they at least understand how to keep things light and not get buried in the "fucking idiot" ego-trips/competitions.  At least this forum is better than most more traditional journalistic chat-rooms/comment-threads...those are fucking murder.
@_date: 2014-04-23 00:11:14
Just chiming in: no please.  Call it whatever you'd like, as long as it's unique and doesn't add ambiguity, which "bits" definitely does.  Sidenote: why is there debate on "rebranding" at all?  Is it too many characters? 
@_date: 2016-01-26 13:01:09
They replied and said there wasn't enough commerce using BTC.  I remember them using bitpay as their payment processor, right?  I wonder if they were losing money due to merchant fees since not enough people were using it.  I'll probably still shop at massdrop, just not as often.  Damn.
@_date: 2014-04-22 23:55:49
THAT's what I've been waiting for.  Dorian (and family), I hope in the end what seemed like a horrible situation has shown to be a blessing in the end.  To me it has been one of the best donations I've ever made, so everybody wins!
@_date: 2015-07-10 13:19:13
Just checked my account at tigerdirect and I made a payment with BTC just 5 days ago.  Invoice under "payment method" says 'BC' .  Like I said though, might depend on what country you're in.
@_date: 2015-07-10 13:11:33
It might depend on what country you're in.  I'm in USA and I've purchased at least 5 things using bitcoin.  I think it shows up during checkout after you fill up your cart.  It might be a small icon toward the bottom, can't remember.
@_date: 2015-07-10 13:10:09
That's a bummer, I've used BTC with tiger many times.  I've never had to return anything though, so I guess I never hit that problem.  I have used massdrop.com as well and had to send 2 things back.  They were great about it and even sent me a discount on next purchase.  Check them out if you like audio gear or fancy keyboards.
@_date: 2015-07-11 02:19:30
I think I understand the process from your explanation, and will check them out next time I'm looking at Amazon stuff (I do prime 100% of the time, so I'd only work with people that have their own prime account...it's totally worth the $100/year fee if you buy things often).  NYOD seems like they would agree to my terms if they think the discount I ask and willing to trade in BTC is worth them acting as a "broker" for the purchase.  Delay would be either a ding for not using their "instant" option or just extra wait for someone to look and agree on the discount I propose.  Am I getting this right?  
@_date: 2015-07-10 16:32:23
I haven't used purse.io , although that method sounds interesting.  I wonder if my Amazon Prime account could somehow link to it...just haven't done the research yet.
@_date: 2015-07-10 12:46:31
I like riding the peaks and valleys, and this upswing is a bit steep, although not nearly as crazy as a couple years ago.  It's good to support and use the BTC so I take any excuse to buy some useless gadget when I think things are about to correct.  I'll definitely bail if it hits pressure at the $300 mark.  Then you just buy back in after the dust has settled or hate yourself if it bursts through the ceiling.
@_date: 2015-07-10 13:06:36
Congrats!  Got a nice donation to a charity website I administer about a year ago in BTC and it felt great.
@_date: 2015-07-10 12:59:36
I'm thinking the same thing, so I'm waiting until some sort of stability shows itself again and the China scare dies down.  I made a nice profit overall for just playing around.  I'm spending what's left then will jump back in.
@_date: 2015-04-14 22:22:30
Depends on how far the floor drops, you have to bet on when it will correct itself, in either direction.  Many venues don't take it directly (or although they accept BTC, they immediately trade it for fiat via coinbase/bitpay *etc*).  When I see a sharp drop I buy BTC.  When I see a bull run, I buy some stuff online to support the technology and then wait for the next drop.  Many others are more investment-type, but if they don't use their investment they are shooting themselves in the foot because hoarding does nothing to promote the investment.  I enjoy playing/riding the market and not worried about the overall price at any given moment, just enjoy the hills and valleys, like playing a game and getting coupons.
@_date: 2015-04-14 21:54:13
I enjoy using bitcoin and play the market just marginally to have some fun, it's like a bouncy savings account, and when I'm ahead I'll buy something online.  I'm a big fan of the technology but I don't need to be betting big, which means I spend as much as I buy overall.  I bought some yesterday because...uh...there was a noticeable dip in the price.  When there's a noticeable jump I will start shopping for something fun.  It's a great little hobby and I've been doing it for 2 years with no qualms or anxiety.   Ride the market and it's like getting coupons and playing a game at the same time.  Those that hoard and just want the rocket ship to take off aren't actually users of BTC, they're "betting black" on a technology in hopes that it will take-off, but not really using it themselves, which is an oxymoron (YAY, I got to use that word!).
@_date: 2015-03-24 22:34:36
I think reddit should incorporate as much of RES as possible in their stock programming.  I don't even use it without RES installed.  Not sure how much it would be possible without installing a browser plugin though.  That said, definitely don't forget they are a great way to stress-test the system and make sure it doesn't have any flaws that we haven't seen yet, and a general outlook of the PR weather that BTC has.  I was lucky to jump in before it skyrocketed and now it's back to (~November 2013?) levels.  This isn't a big deal for the "industry" itself because it shows that Bitcoin take take lots of hits and still work.  Speculation of market price against the dollar is way better than the system itself having technical issues.  My personal preference: ride the market instead of hoarding.  I make money, I buy some cool stuff.  If I lose, I hold until it comes back around.  The idea/software itself is awesome so I will support and play around as long as it doesn't get cracked in some nefarious way.
@_date: 2015-02-18 23:30:43
Sounds like my last trip to Vegas.  Don't fret, it was just a bad day.
@_date: 2013-11-18 12:17:00
For those of us who don't have a bunch of money to throw around, bitcoin has become a bit risky...I bought .1 from coinbase a week ago and it's almost doubled in 8 days....crazy!  If it continues even if you get a small hundredth of a bitcoin or so it will be a nice investment.  If it doesn't work out who cares?  It was just a meal at applebees or a pair of shoes.  Enjoy the ride!
@_date: 2013-11-21 04:01:22
I got confused (just an IT guy watching what I think of as chart-trading based on a 3 day crazy-streak and trying to tie it to the overall move of the market). OP talks about Dump and Pump to sway the market but you reference Pump and Dump (opposite movements P/D vs D/P).  A large owner/entity can sway the market DOWN then sell big at the high point (based on whatever limit/trend they're looking at) and buy back quickly at the low point of their projected trend-line...correct?  All these people pumping and dumping or visa versa makes me worried the speculation aspect will eclipse any actual real-world value in a currency that has more potential than almost anything I've seen recently (merchants won't adopt a violently versatile market).  I'm not pro/con on anything so let me know your thoughts.  I'm a fundamentals-prone "what's the long term" kind of guy, do you think this system of currency could take hold or will it get eaten by the current system of trading based on perceived/short-term value?
edit: got low/sell/buy/high mixed up...beer issue :)
@_date: 2013-11-18 12:20:30
Good job guys!  I hope you're having fun in your SanFran office watching the chart skyrocket.  Any inside scoop about the hearing today you'd like to share with us?  Do you guys have a representative in Washington?
@_date: 2013-11-18 12:01:26
From my understanding it's a complete unknown if bitcoin will continue this exponential growth.  Tomorrow/Today is a big deal due to a US committee hearing, so depending on how that goes it could crash (which would be a good time to buy) or go crazy and become quite pricey to buy-in after the leap.  Either way if you have some disposable income and won't be hurt losing it, buy some NOW.  You can even buy a portion like .1 bitcoin for (currently) ~$56.  If bitcoin hits the hundreds of thousands like some suggest, you'd be sitting on at least $5K if not $500K.  It's all pie in the sky/conjecture, but a fun ride as long as you aren't betting your retirement money away in the process. 