@_author: bruce011
@_date: 2018-01-03 02:48:59
Dude, I have to pay $5 to send $35 in BTC and it takes hours. Not surprisingly, merchants and other real life users are abandoning it right and left. Meanwhile, your Lord and Savior the lightning network is literally still in testing!!!
I can accept that on-chain scaling is not a realistic plan for the rest of eternity, but it sure as hell seems like some short-term relief would have been a good idea for you guys while you finished testing and building out an off-chain infrastructure. As is, you and retards like you have literally ruined BTC and price will follow in time.
@_date: 2017-11-12 22:40:05
Wasn't increasing block sizes/reducing fees and congestion the whole BCH narrative? It doesn't seem fair to say it's their fault the network is congested when their whole thing was de-congestion. As I understand, BCH and S2X were two competing solutions to scale the network (right?). Both were rejected by the Bitcoin community, and now we have massive fees and wait times, low investor confidence, and near zero utility for real people.
@_date: 2017-11-12 22:06:45
No, forks and alts have little to do with Bitcoin's loss of reputation, most of it is because of $1+ fees and slow confirmations. In the traditional investment world where I come from, we care a lot about transaction fees! I'd like to get into crypto more, but if the network is going to clog up and/or fees go through the roof on the slightest hiccup, how can this be a realistic payment network? Who in their right mind is going to use it as real life currency? And putting money into it makes me nervous if it ends up having next to no utility.
@_date: 2017-11-12 22:25:48
I understand the LN is still in development? (Forgive me if I'm wrong, I'm still learning this stuff.) From what I read, it does sound like a great technology. But, my point is, fees are high and the network is clogged ***right now*** for any merchant/user wanting to actually make an IRL transaction. Not good for adoption.
@_date: 2017-11-12 23:13:07
Agreed.. My thought is that in the future when it's much more mainstream with many people using it, the fluctuations should even out a little? Also I think there may be many new use cases beyond pure currency in the future (anyway, there's no shortage of startups with grand ideas). My thought is, shouldn't utility reduce volatility, which in turn makes it more useful (a virtuous cycle)?
Even with the downsides, just think of the pure idea! Anyone, anywhere in the world, in charge of their own money, able to trade, transact, send, receive value.. all without the possibility of interference from corporations and governments. This is a powerful idea all on it's own!