@_author: brudaks
@_date: 2017-06-15 15:11:33
*That* definitely seems like a solvable problem. Translators, notarized translations, power of attorney agreements that delegate someone else to open these accounts - all those are valid options  that I've seen used in banking. Sure, it's more expensive that way, but it's not like denying service, it's the cost of you solving your own problem, a reasonable expected cost of doing business or living in a foreign country without being literate in its official language.
@_date: 2017-06-15 12:43:00
The sentence "flawlessly file your taxes each year" alone is a sign of BS - in most countries in EU the average worker doesn't ever "file taxes", it is something relevant for self-employed, businessmen, very rich people, etc that have some special tax treatment; for everyone else there's not a need to file something each year.
@_date: 2017-06-15 12:50:28
Yup, and (outside of USA) that's considered expensive compared to banks. Processing an inter-bank transfer costs on the order of 0.001 to 0.02$, bitcoin miner fees are more expensive.
@_date: 2017-06-15 13:03:06
Does "been there" imply opening an account as a non-resident? That does get declines, yes.
For residents, there's a 2014 EU directive that establishes a right to a basic bank account, which may declined pretty much only for the reasons/blacklists of the anti-money laundering and terrorism financing acts. However, it was made for a reason, a few years before that there were cases that accounts were declined for intra-EU migrant workers, so it got fixed recently.
@_date: 2017-06-15 12:46:53
If you treat it as any other non-tangible good (e.g. ownership of shares, intellectual property, etc) then transportation happens whenever ownership is transferred across state lines - if you send or receive cryptocurrency from a non-resident, then that's import/export, and (except small transactions below a certain limit) you'd be expected to report such transactions just as if you'd be selling some (non-tangible) goods or services abroad.
@_date: 2017-06-15 20:28:36
"that's money laundering as the government has been trying to define it" - exactly, and since they are the ones who get to define it (i.e. the definition written in the law matters and other definitions don't), then that *is* money laundering in the legal sense of "money laundering".  Just like "murder" is exactly what the law defines as murder and nothing else.
@_date: 2017-06-15 19:58:35
The whole point is that you are supposed/required to know - the bitcoin address may be anonymous, but (for large amounts) you need to know who you're dealing with.
If you provide some service and get paid in bitcoin then (again, excluding small amounts that get an exception) you need to know who's paying you for tax purposes, if you make large purchases and pay in bitcoin, the seller generally is required to know your identity, if you gift large amounts to someone, again, you need to know the identity.  E.g. if the law requires you to report large transactions with nonresidents, then this means that you're not allowed to deal with persons of unknown residence - either you get that information, or you don't make the deal, or you're violating the law.
Bitcoin is just like cash - the payment instrument itself is anonymous, but the other documents mandatory for large transactions are not; just like you must know your counterparty whenever a briefcase of cash changes hands, the same applies for bitcoin. E.g. if you'd buy a car in bitcoin, there would be an invoice or a bill of sales, and the bitcoin would be just the settlement on an otherwise non-anonymous deal.
On the other hand, if you *do* want to exchange large amounts of funds between addresses not tied to specific people in any obvious way, then that by itself is a crime. There's no technological workarounds on how to make that happen - participating in large anonymous transactions is money laundering by definition, and that's prohibited.
@_date: 2017-06-15 12:34:54
I'm not sure if "banks are refusing to open account in your name" is a thing in EU, a bank account is considered a basic part of infrastructure that needs to be accessible to everyone, so IMHO the basic retail banks are not allowed to simply deny someone all banking services.
Also, you don't need an account to make a bank payment, you can do it from cash, just not necessarily anonymously, and it may be cheaper to open an account first, but you definitely can make a large bank transfer without having an account in that bank.