@_author: brutaltruth101
@_date: 2013-07-15 10:12:54
Has anybody verified that listentobitcoin actually has malware? This guy has an interest in condemning the site so people will move to bitlisten. 
If there is no malware - this is an incredibly dickish move. 
@_date: 2013-08-26 00:30:44
    By
    ROBIN SIDEL
Representatives from at least seven government agencies are scheduled to meet Monday with the main Bitcoin trade group amid a growing focus from regulators and law-enforcement authorities on the fledgling virtual currency.
Patrick Murck, general counsel for the Bitcoin Foundation, said he would make a presentation and answer questions from representatives of the Federal Reserve, Treasury Department, Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Internal Revenue Service, Federal Bureau of Investigation and Secret Service.
The IRS, FBI and Secret Service declined to comment. Representatives of the other agencies couldn't be reached for comment Sunday. The meeting is the latest sign that federal authorities are trying to figure out their jurisdiction in the world of virtual currencies, which aren't backed by a central government like traditional money.
Bitcoin, which is the most popular of these currencies, is created through a computer program and then traded on exchanges. It can also be used to buy real goods and services.
So far, authorities have focused their efforts on trying to ensure that Bitcoin exchanges don't run afoul of money-transmission laws or that the virtual currency isn't used for illegal activities, such as money laundering or drug purchases.
The Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network earlier this year issued guidelines placing virtual-currency exchanges under the same comprehensive anti-money-laundering requirements as traditional money-transmission businesses such as Western Union Co. WU +0.66%
Mr. Murck said he is pleased with the chance to provide more information "so we can both move forward to the same safe regulatory environment."
"We understand there are specific challenges that go along with Bitcoin and there is a lot of potential and we want to work with them to chart a safe course," he said of the government agencies.
The trade group and some Bitcoin companies say they support efforts to ensure that the industry is operating in compliance with certain laws.
They contend that will help legitimize the fledgling industry and keep out bad players who want to use the currency for illegal activities.
It isn't clear if representatives from state banking agencies would attend the meeting.
Several states, including California and New York, have warned Bitcoin-related companies in recent months that they may be violating local money-transmission laws. And New York's Department of Financial Services earlier this month sent subpoenas to roughly two dozen Bitcoin companies seeking information on their business practices. One bitcoin is worth roughly $122 on the Tokyo-based Mt. Gox exchange, where most bitcoins are traded.