@_author: brutishbloodgod
@_date: 2013-12-01 07:20:45


That's... not really how economics work. Right now, the vast, vast majority of Bitcoins are held by speculators who are gambling on the currency's utility and potential to dramatically reshape the global economy. There are lots of reasons that we know about--and probably more that we don't have the slightest clue about--that that potential might not be fulfilled. You've mentioned a few of them. Another one is that one of the competing cryptocurrencies turns out to be more viable than Bitcoin. To me, that actually seems like a probable scenario. Cryptocurrencies in general may very well be the wave of the future--what are the chances that the very first implementation of it is the one that sticks? I don't have the answer to that question; nobody anywhere has anything more than a hunch. But I do know that there are people who are much, much smarter than I am with millions of dollars riding on this thing and who are wired in to absolutely everything that could possible affect the value of Bitcoin, and they are ready to sell at a moment's notice and they give absolutely zero fucks about what that will do to the Bitcoin market. They don't care about it being the currency of the future and they don't care how much you or I or anyone else has invested in it. My guess is that some of the people at the top of the Bitcoin food chain are the same ones who knowingly and willfully crashed the entire global economy in 2008 so that they could profit. And if it's not the same people, it's people in the same position and with the exact same mindset.
That doesn't mean that Bitcoin is a bad investment. There are plenty of reasons we know about (and plenty we don't) that the value could continue to rise, and nobody knows what the upper limit is, which means that there is the potential, as we've already seen, for absolutely unprecedented gains. You absolutely stand to make a lot of money, but if you think that a completely new, unprecedented currency doesn't carry unknown risks and the potential for total devaluation, then I think it's likely that you have all of your money invested in something that you don't understand (nobody does) but think that you do, and that's not a situation I would ever want to be in myself. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 04:05:23
Those risks are not even remotely comparable. Not only is bitcoin not guaranteed to increase, events may occur which cause it to lose all of its value within the span of hours, or less, and not a single person here or anywhere can tell you how likely that is to happen. While it's not impossible that that could happen with other investments, we at least have a sense of how likely such an occurrence would be, and usually it's extremely unlikely. Bitcoin is uncharted territory; nobody knows if it's going to keep going up, or plummet and never recover. If you have all of your money in bitcoin, you stand to lose all of your money. Every penny.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:16:07
Bitcoin is divisible down to 8 decimal places. If I'm doing my math right, that means that the dollar value of one Bitcoin would have to rise above $1m for the smallest divisible unit of a Bitcoin to be worth more than one penny. 
@_date: 2013-12-24 00:56:51
Coffee shops are already accepting it; is that a problem? How about liquor stores? I'm a resident of Colorado, and almost no one thinks of marijuana as being in the same class as the drugs it's classified with at the Federal level. It's not strongly stigmatized, it's largely isolated from organized crime, and it's legal at the local level and officially (if grudgingly) tolerated at the Federal level. Colorado's marijuana industry is seen as a credible business selling a credible product to credible people. Why would that harm Bitcoin's credibility?