@_author: bryanake
@_date: 2011-08-04 17:57:37
Nothing is keeping him from doing both - in fact, I would suspect if he has the money to throw around and bet on such things, he probably already has.
@_date: 2011-07-25 06:26:19
I found myself in a similar situation - I think bitcoins are a potentially valuable system, and my computer just needed a few upgrades (new video card and power supply) to produce a reasonable number when operating in a pool - I just adjust the priority of the bitcoin miner when doing other stuff on my main machine, and I produce the current equivalent of $80 a month, about half of which I keep in bitcoins as an investment. Win/Win situation for me, and in the end, I have a kick-ass gaming machine that can handle anything I can throw at it. I'm looking at building another dedicated mining machine, but we'll see how the exchange rate move in the next few weeks.
@_date: 2011-08-04 23:03:09
It isn't related to difficulty - difficulty aims to keep the rate of blocks relatively constant (around 10 minutes apart). Other parts of the system specify that the number of new coins gained by finding a new block will decrease with time, eventually getting to a point where mining a block will produce no new bitcoins (when we hit 21 million bitcoins in existance). At that point, mining will be kept profitable via transaction fees.
@_date: 2011-08-27 04:15:38
You really don't want that wallet - mybitcoin's wallet was compromised, which means whoever has it can spend any money put in it at any point, even after the point when it was stolen. Best to just cut your losses and get a new one. Not to mention, mybitcoin probably wouldn't give you access to that information anyways.
@_date: 2011-08-04 01:56:13
Works for me. Logged in and everything..
@_date: 2011-08-24 02:37:36
Don't let this sort of argument get in the way of having a good time - Buying coins _could_ be a better investment, but honestly, its a lot more daunting up front and just as easily _could_ be a complete waste of your money.
There are two ways to get into bitcoins:
1. Buy bitcoins. Easiest for those without time/energy/cheap power to set up a rig, and a good way for beginners to try it out. This has the potential to be very profitable, if prices rise you get that return on investment. However, if prices fall, you loose money very directly. 
2. Buy/Build a rig. Takes time/energy/electricity, but provides a steady stream of income. This costs money up front too, but has some advantages to just buying coin. First, if the market goes south, you'll still have some nice hardware, and while other miners may be selling their rigs too, you can always find a gamer who wants a new video card or two. 
Personally, I built a rig two reasons - I wanted a nice gaming machine, and I believe in the system to the extent that I trust it'll do marginally well over the next couple years, until the government gets pissy about it. With my level of investment (not counting the costs to build my current desktop, and using old hardware for 90% of my second rig), at the income rate for the last month I should recoup costs in 4-5 months.  If things go south I still have a nice gaming computer, and I personally appreciate the fact I'm strengthening the network against a 51% attack, and honestly, I enjoy being around computers, so running a rig is a fun way to make some (anonymous) cash on the side.
@_date: 2011-08-04 01:17:28
Bitcoins are good at a lot more than buying illegal goods though. I think you're missing a group of people - it isn't that I think fiat currencies will collapse, but that I think Bitcoins as a natural currency for the digital era. USD will continue to be used in America, and the Euro will be used in Europe, but the current online financial system is basically those currencies ported into the digital space. If I want to send money to a friend digitally, there is no reason I should need to spend 5% to do it via Money Order, or 3% or whatever paypal is taking off the top nowadays. In short, it is useful for other transactions for the same reason it is good for illegal goods - reasonably quick, nearly free, and (if you need it) anonymous transfers.
@_date: 2011-07-29 18:23:37
I would assume Instawallet would keep significant records of who transferred what where. Works to anonymize some, but wouldn't work to hide stuff from anyone who can subpoena or 'borrow' records wherever Instawallet is located.
@_date: 2011-07-29 07:28:57
I've used VirWox a couple times to exchange - if you put $10 in, you likely don't have enough to buy a whole bitcoin anyways, unless the price has dropped a lot since I last saw it. I'd suggest either putting in a couple more bucks, or just suck the money back out (will cost you a dollar), and find someone willing to do the transfer for you.
@_date: 2011-08-03 23:24:42
I've still got some hope for the system, primarily because I think the concept has some good potential. Here's what I'd like to see come from all the recent mess:
1. Everyone running a site dealing with Bitcoin, and especially those holding other people's Bitcoins needs to get a lot more careful. Hopefully as a few large sites have issues, they'll get scared and beef up security. If too many of the big sites continue having trouble, we could be in for more problems down the road.
2. Everyone with BTC needs to be a lot more careful. I only store my wallet on my own computer, but I have to admit I thought about using a site like mybitcoin to manage it. Instead, I've opted to beef up my own security, and have backups of my wallet on a RAID, and plan on making physical backups once I get home from my summer internship. That isn't to say you shouldn't trust other sites, but some common sense needs to come into play - there are a lot of people without experience in finance or security throwing sites up, and hoping it goes ok. That isn't a valid business option now.
3. As much as the crypto-anarchist crowd will hate this, I think certain parts of the bitcoin equation needs some level of interaction with governments. It makes sense for the major exchanges to be subject to the same laws as normal currency exchanges, they're just skating under the radar at the moment. There will certainly always be under the table deals, black-market exchanges, etc, but several large, vetted, and secure exchanges would do wonders for the cause. a Bitcoin bank of some sort, with all the finance level security you get from any of your online banks would make sense and help the cause, helping the sort of people who don't trust themselves to hold their coins. 
4. And, like you mentioned, we need Merchants. I'm personally planning on joining the ranks of the merchants accepting BTC for physical goods in the near future (once I get home again). I already have Jewelry I sell through some small boutiques locally, just need to get it photographed and up on the web. Yeah, its a bit of a risk for me, but its also an opportunity to reach a market.
I think part of the problem at the moment is there isn't a complete ecosystem in Bitcoins - if I sell jewelry, I have to convert BTC to USD to buy more supplies, which forces me to tie my prices to the price at the exchanges. If I can buy supplies in BTC, prices get tied to whatever it costs me to obtain those supplies, which then is linked to what they cost that person. At the end of the day, my prices should be tied to the BTC &lt;-&gt; silver rate, not via USD.
So, what do we do about it - If you're one of those people who trusts the idea behind bitcoins, get in the market. Find something you can buy/sell via bitcoins, and do what you can to keep value in the currency instead of making the trek through the exchanges. With any luck, the current climate will pass as sites get their act together, and this'll turn out well.