@_author: bryanireland
@_date: 2016-08-15 23:54:13
true to an extent, but until BTC crashes to zero (predicted many times but never yet got close to happening) it remains the fundamental and first implementation of blockchain tech, so all govts and banks are bound by their own curiosity to keep a close eye on it (ie buying some to learn from, if nothing more)
Personally I like the idea of a trustless decentralized network protocol (eg BTC but not exclusively) much more than some private blockchain tech that is designed only to save transfer costs for the already rich. Whether the former ever fully prevails is an interesting thought experiment, but other cryptos have already established that it is a possibility.
@_date: 2016-08-24 01:08:31
No, but you might be able to garner yourself some new shitcoin if you get in early enough. It has been done before. One might argue that the very first blocks of Bitcoin would qualify for that status lol!
Just don't ask that Wright guy to show you how hahaha
@_date: 2016-08-15 22:02:20
is it?
Assuming the NSA annual budget is somewhere between 10B USD (Wikipedia 2013 figure ) and 52B USD (Snowden 2013 figure) then accumulating a stockpile of BTC over time (for other 'political' purposes such as entrapment or simply to have a stake that might be sufficient to harm the overall stability of the currency) is far from out of the question, especially given the fact that BTC is perceived generally as a threat (albeit small in governmental terms at this point in time)
Is it difficult to imagine that US agencies have been secretly accumulating BTC for many years and have 'invested' heavily into something unpredictable which they would, by habit, prefer to have some leverage over?
@_date: 2016-08-15 23:04:42
The Yellowstone caldera is a danger which the government monitors at some modest expense but if it blew then they would only have some token emergency stocks of whatever they deem necessary, because it would be far too costly to prepare for that unpredictable event and it would be a truly global catastrophe so there's little point pretending a plan exists to deal with it.
Katrina was a disaster which could be said to have been a failing by the various entities who were given responsibility to anticipate, mitigate and prevent the damage. And a lack of planning and funds before, during and after.
I don't think they "need" bitcoin, but I don't see a convincing argument to ignore it at NSA top levels. It is a trivial investment to insure against BTC threatening the system more than they might possibly wish to happen.
You are right in terms of scale, but that's kinda my point. This is cheap insurance, especially if they bought low.
@_date: 2016-08-16 01:21:58
I have not once suggested they would actually "use" Bitcoin as a currency for exchange of value. My whole premise is that they wish to have the ability to influence currencies that are created outside their sphere of influence should they need. Especially because with the Chinese owning so much US debt, and the Chinese owning a major part of the BTC mining pools they have to find a way into the game (even if it is a tiny tiny game)
Think about it as a deterrent if you like. Russia and USA used nukes as exactly that, but during the height of the cold war they were both only minutes from launching them. Yet other countries bought the tech (and developed their own, eg France, UK, Israel) just to make sure they had a voice at the table and influence and one tiny tiny threat.
Private blockchain tech will save central banks some accounting steps, and that's one future, but who the hell is going to buy the USDcoin? Seriously, who would buy something like that? Would any govt ever bring about a digital-only currency? That would be tantamount to accepting that the existing fiat can be replaced by arbitrary digital tokens. One day perhaps. People are dumb and it will take years to buy into that. It won't happen in my lifetime.
We could go on into a deep level of analysis of what the US Govt or any other govt might or might not do in the future with their own coins or etc etc but the fundamental point I made right at the top is that the NSA has every reason to be holding bitcoins because it is the prudent strategy whilst BTC leads the market. It doesn't matter why, or even how, just that it is entirely logical to buy into the weaponry.
@_date: 2016-08-15 23:28:09
The investment is simply insurance to give them significant leverage because they cannot take *n* bitcoin holders and put them in solitary just to yield control of *n* times *x* BTC - that is an expensive and ineffective way to try and gain control of substantial numbers of coins when they can simply buy them on the open market (which possibly has a side effect of actually stabilizing the coin against all the shit exchange scams and collapses that are currently, I agree, part of the problem with BTC)
The US govt has been doing nasty things for years. The only nastiness they can inflict on BTC (other than your example of seizing hardware from known holders and coercion) is to have a stake which is substantial enough to damage from within the mechanism of the Libertarian ideal.
Against what? Do you really think they would not take a view that "what" is somewhat unknown so logically they would want to have the ability (if not the current motivation) to be able to shape the outcome of the "what" should the need arise?
idk "what" I'll admit, and I couldn't say they are necessarily "against" it, simply that it is cheap and easy for them to gain an amount of leverage in a largely anonymous system so that's going to be their best option.
@_date: 2016-08-15 22:54:42
none of the commodities you mention exist as 100% digital assets (well I suppose fiat does lol). BTC falls into the data-acquisition landscape of the NSA when the others specifically don't. 
Perhaps they are working in tandem with the Fed or another agency/entity; but they have the most penetration into the digital space so it is logical that they would be the organ of acquisition even if they pass it on elsewhere.
Why do it? Why not? They have the budget and the ability and are not accountable. 
@_date: 2016-08-15 23:38:26
yeah that is amusing and I don't think you are wrong, but since when did the NSA ignore anything that they could have influence over?
Blockchain tech is not being ignored but it is very early days. Getting a stake in any bleeding edge technology is a reasonable policy. It works for VCs and has done since the 90s
@_date: 2016-08-24 00:34:25
you missed the part where it is Max Keiser, Stac(e)y HerbsISmokert and Simon (gimmeairtime) Dixon
Do you need to look at what they are wearing to judge whether to take them seriously?
@_date: 2016-08-15 22:44:13
define random in this context. They have 'stockpiled' nukes, spies, compromising personal data and other nastiness as a matter of course for years. Nothing random about those things, so why would this be an exception? I don't underestimate the actions of malicious state actors, and for all the political aspects of the other things I've mentioned, BTC is a possible weapon for NSA in future so they would want that advantage. Indeed the Russians or Chinese or any nation might also have stockpiled BTC reserves. It isn't too far fetched to imagine that.
BTC is the biggest single 'uncontrollable' threat to the financial system out there, so to them it would be sensible to hold an anonymous stake simply to be able to take a position should it ever be deemed necessary. They have no accountability for the cost of acquiring and realistically it would be the prudent position to take.
@_date: 2016-08-24 02:06:14


Thank you for making your arguments clear. As much as I disagree with them in the detail, your  analysis is just as valid as any.
Blockchains are certainly a new way of handling things that previously required lawyers and paperwork because they can be immutable proof of transactions (ie ownership)
Whether they are public or private, they have the quality of being immutable, which is a huge advantage over the current systems where audit trails can be obfuscated according to the whim of the vendor/client.
Whether Bitcoin survives as a global currency is indeed up to the users and the use cases are way too rare for BTC to have a claim to being the future of money, but one thing is very clear about BTC. You are your own bank. It may take a few generations of debate and financial warfare, but BTC does prove the point that anyone can be their own bank.
I would detest a world where the Fed (rothschild) or any other central bank (also rothschild) got to run the economy on a private blockchain. That's the real battle - take these people out of the money system and the world is a better place. Decentralize everything because the tech can deliver all the security and people just have to learn to accept responsibility again
@_date: 2016-08-15 22:31:41
I don't for one moment think they would do that, but it is reasonable to suspect that they have a substantial holding in BTC because it would not be a difficult thing to have achieved over time
@_date: 2016-11-29 02:26:09
Stop shouting Erik - you have enough shame in your post history already. Stirring a stale pot is tantamount to wanting to eat from it.
The infighting gets sorted when He returns and not before, so stfu until then and all will be laid bare for digestion and debate.
@_date: 2016-12-12 01:44:29
I fucking hate Steam. Their customer service was non existent. They background updated my app then I couldn't even open it (Mac 10.6.8) and when I contacted them they said it was up to me to contact the developer of each and every game. 
"Your version of Steam does not work on this OS, please upgrade to OS 10.8 or later"
So I bought a bunch of games that I can't even access thru their app. And that's my problem because they pushed a download on me that I had no option to decline.
Fuck them. Never again. I will be devoting a certain amount of my life to taking those cunts out. How dare they tell me that their app is more important than an OS that I deliberately remain with and all my games runs on (eg Civ5 and 4 etc etc ). This is egregious upselling shite which may or may not be a sign of the times, but certainly is wholly unwarranted so die Steam. You are on notice that being shills to the Cupertino massive just makes you my enemy.
Nobody using BTC or any other crypto should ever place any sort of confidence in that company. They are as bad as Apple or worse because they actually kill things you bought from them whilst giving you no say in the matter. They will doubtless give you some shady upgrade that attempts to steal your private keys in the future. This is the way of the "fucking exploitative corporate walled garden world", and Steam are just the start. 
Adoption is one thing, slavery is another.
Anyone who enjoys the freedom of a distributed cryptocurrency must understand that these people taking it under their wing is not a good thing for adoption. It is a step to trapping you and your wallets
@_date: 2016-12-12 02:00:53
WHat I hate most is that I've used Steam since they launched on Mac and now I'm suddenly some sort of fucking idiot because I didn't follow the (shite) OSX upgrade path from 10.6.8 which is the best OS they ever produced
@_date: 2016-12-20 16:12:48
I take that as definitely yes to both
@_date: 2016-12-19 17:50:20
Are you going to answer the question? Maybe you are both, so if you answer "yes" then that would confirm both
@_date: 2016-11-08 00:19:05
We must stop the influx of criminal and dangerous shit coins. We must build the wall, and you know what? We're not going to pay for it.
@_date: 2016-11-02 02:14:32
Hey don't forget that Nathaniel Popper is one of the most prolific ~~writers with insight~~ whores that any tech space has ever seen
@_date: 2016-09-08 02:12:58
*The 73-year-old American is notably a recipient of the Nobel prize in Economic Sciences in 2001*
Since when was any scientific method applicable to Economics? Sure, have a "theory", but good luck testing that in a scientific or even rigorous manner.
No economist of any worth ever declared themselves to be a scientist. And of course this Nobel prize is not even awarded by the same people as the real ones.
@_date: 2016-10-21 23:51:46
Just normal London police things these days
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:17:10
This is the correct analysis
@_date: 2016-05-02 09:31:16
This is the correct analysis