@_author: bs3ac88
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:17:50
It depends doesn’t it? Let’s take Litcoin for example, will there be a need for it once the LN comes into play? 
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:15:49
When it comes to technology I tend to follow the opinion of those that have been ahead of the game and are extremely successful for decades; not some unknown that's new on the scene that has a self-motive.
Bill Gates is a supporter. He sees the advantages of the movement. He has a proven track record of understanding the potential. Richard Branson is another from a business perspective.
The dip that you're seeing is expected. Sharp rises often lead to sharp falls. The majority of investments should rise steadily over longer periods of time as it's deemed more stable and healthy.
The recent rise in Bitcoin has drawn masses of media attention. This has made Bitcoin appealing to a much wider audience who want a 'piece of the pie' and have invested to get in on the action.
However, many of these newcomers are not as educated on the matter. Some believe they have missed the boat. Some do not know the difference between the cryptocurrencies. When you have a digital currency exchange like Coinbase offering easy transactions and a fancy/clean UI, many newcomers simply sign up, see the coins that are on offer and look for 'good value for money'.
BCash is a prime example. It is a newer currency and named in such a way to associate itself closely with Bitcoin. So much so that someone that haven't done their research will think it's identical. A newcomer will see the charts and notice that it's only been around for a short period of time and has made substantial gains. Some will be drawn to the much lower price and think that they have caught this cryptocurrency 'earlier' than Bitcoin and envisage a better return.
The truth however is that Bitcoin was first on the scene. It started the movement and will always be known as the true cryptocurrency. It might have it's problems (transaction fees and the need for LN) but of all the cryptocurrencies out there, I would wager that it's also the safest coin to invest in long term.
There are now hundreds of different coins out there. Many of them will rise in price. Many will fail to be successful. However, ask anyone if they've heard of 'Bitcoin' and the majority of people will confirm they have. The same can't be said with even some of the alternative successful coins such as Litecoin or even Ethereum.
My opinion is that Bitcoin will always remain king and once the expected improvement are made then who knows the potential.
If you're in for the long term I've always found that the best thing to do is forget about them. Don't invest what you cannot afford to lose. Take some profit if you're happy with your return or wish to recoup your initial investment. From then on its plain-sailing and a free ride.
When I was younger I invested around £20k in risky stocks and shares. Could I afford to lose it? I could. However it also set me back and took a long while to recover. I knew how I behaved. I would watch the share price countless times throughout the day. It was a large percentage of my savings. The stress is caused was close to unbearable. In the end I lost the majority.  Had I invested in Bitcoin during the same period or even Amazon or Alphabet (Google at the time) I would have been living a very easy life today.
My point is that Bitcoin has shown a steady rise over a long period of time. More and more people are talking about it. It's in the spotlight and will likely remain in the spotlight for the foreseeable future. It's still high risk, but anything new with teething problems often is. However there are improvements in the pipeline and things are likely to only improve.
Personally, I would say opportunities like this do not come very often. I remember when Amazon was new on the scene. I myself was buying from them multiple times each week. My family was doing the same. In fact we even became good friends with the delivery driver as he was constantly at our door. Looking back, the signs were there. People were talking about this amazing new company and how they were better than alternative online businesses. There share has since risen x35 times since my initial interest and had I even bought years later (when others said the full potential had already been reached) I still would have made an incredible return.
I will finish by saying don't let people steer your investment. No one truly knows the full potential of Bitcoin. Make your own judgement and even when you think you're late to the party; there could still be a hell of a way to go. If you do choose to invest, then only do so with money that you don't mind losing. Educate others. Be transparent with the risks. Don't stress yourself to the point that an investment takes over your life or effects your health AND remember that money is not the most important thing in life. There are many people out there more wealth that most will see in a lifetime but even they suffer from problems or experience unhappiness.
All the best.
@_date: 2018-02-01 15:46:01
What type of lambo is this?
@_date: 2018-02-01 15:45:31
short and to the point. +1
@_date: 2018-02-01 15:43:42
"just the usual dip..." - ahh that old chestnut.
@_date: 2018-02-01 15:48:16
Those dam crypto kids...
@_date: 2018-02-01 15:44:50
so true.