@_author: bscates
@_date: 2013-10-24 19:23:40
I was just posting about this over in Lose coins in last nights drop? Still trying to make up from the Silk Road crash? Thought I'd give you my thoughts on what to do when you see bitcoin crashing, which will hopefully save some folks regret.
I think everyone on this /r believes in the long term potential of Bitcoin, so our strategy should be to acquire as many coins as cheaply as possible, yes? So there's an easy way and a hard way.
IMO, the hard way is trying to guess where the peaks are, sell, hope it drops, and try to guess where to buy at the bottom. With a market that never closes and is susceptible to manic depressive swings, day trading on the peaks and valleys is likely to lose you money, and at best make modest gains.
The easy way is to buy coins when they're cheap. Stop trying to sell them, just buy more. When you see the price diving, get logged in to coinbase or have a cash reserve in your bitstamp account at the ready. When you stop seeing a long list of red sells and start to see a few green buys, buy coin. It probably won't be the absolute bottom, but that's ok. Think of this as a flash sale on bitcoins (last night they were 10-15% off!). There haven't been any crashes that we didn't recover from (often within hours), so wait to buy coins until you see slumps. For example, last night the price dropped from 205 to 175, and hitting refresh on coinbase to get their lowest price I bought in at 184. Right now it's 197, a 6%+ gain on my purchase just 12 hours later. Not bad.
This has not only the effect of saving grief and making you feel good that you got a good price for the coins at the expense of all the 'n00bs' who panic sold, but it also has the effect of reversing those drops so they are shorter cliffs because you'll be signaling confidence that this drop isn't the end of bitcoin and it's not dropping to 0 today.
@_date: 2013-10-24 21:08:53
I did an instant buy on Coinbase, so I'm not sitting on fiat on the exchanges. The price drops and recoveries usually happen pretty quick, so I just watch the charts closely when I see them dropping rapidly.