@_author: bschott007
@_date: 2014-02-21 00:33:10
If you used Mt Gox after it's first few issues, then you are affected by your own greed and I have absolutely no sympathy that your greed bit you in the behind.
@_date: 2014-01-02 19:12:27
Some of the comments on the article are... willfully ignorant.
A simple web search would clear up 90% of the conversation.
One of my favorite posts, though, was the guy claiming that no-one should trust a google search since the NSA/Government is controlling Google.
@_date: 2014-05-06 23:53:03
You probably already know this but Apple is much older than the iPod (and the iPod didn't make them...The Apple Computer did).
Apple became a large company back in the 1980's and has stayed a large company.  The younger generation only knows them for the mobile devices but Apple didn't need to advertise the iPod with dancing silhouettes to let people know they were a company.
Bitcoin has all the marketing it needs with the nightly news stories.  The name is already out there.  People are already talking about Bitcoin.  Sponsoring an MMA fight has no positive upside for Bitcoins.   
Think about it.  Bitcoin might be listed on the sponsorship 'flag' that they drape over the top of the cage at the beginning of a fight, and the commentators might make mention of it during a lull in the fighting..but who is to say that the commentators wouldn't make fun of bitcoin? (Sponsor the fighter and have bitcoin laughed at by the commentators...you run that risk.) The fighter might mention it during the after fight interview...but that's about it for coverage.   Maybe you are buying 5-10 minutes of coverage...tops.  
If people don't already know what bitcoin is, there is no reason this is going to expose them to it.   I watch MMA.  I have NEVER looked up to see more information about who sponsored a fighter after seeing a logo on TV.  I forget about it the second they break away for the commercial or the next fight.
You want advertisement?   You want to generate talk?  Get a 10-30 second TV Ad during the Superbowl, a large college football bowl game, the NBA finals, the NCAA final four or Finals, the World Series or some other large sporting event.   At least there, people have context.  People can learn what bitcoin is and why they would benefit from using it.
Sponsoring an MMA fighter brings little attention to bitcoin and will not entice anyone to use it.   Finally, MMA fans are not seen as the brightest bulbs in the shed and are often likened to nascar fans for their IQ levels.   Big brainless oafs beating each other up and low IQ mouth breathers screaming for blood.   That's the perception and it is NOT FAIR....but such is life.   
If you want to sponsor an MMA fighter, feel free!  I personally will abstain.  If someone comes up with the idea for a REAL marketing scheme that WILL draw attention and give information on why someone should start using bitcoin (like an info-ad during a major sporting event), I'll foot a grand, happily!  
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:36:13
I think 'what' they did is good.  Complied great information to one, easy to search website.
I think the way they are presenting themselves is a bit over the top and silly.
@_date: 2014-01-09 23:03:57
Folks I'll say this, it isn't  Ghash or CEX you have to worry about as a company.  Let's stop the tinfoil conspiracy stuff.  The issue is if an employee or two of Ghash/CEX starts messing around.   It is far more likely that a disgruntled employee, mischievous/ let the world burn type employee, or greedy employee would use the +51% hash power to screw over bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:40:04
There is a problem pointing out that this is nothing more than a club of kids under 20 trying to look as if they have great importance?  The 'institute' is nothing more than three kids and a website.
The website has some great information, no doubt, but the name and how they are presenting themselves is just silly.
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:16:18
I should rephrase.  Physical cash is not required to be accepted.  Dollars still are required to be accepted if they are transferred by another medium such as Check, Credit Card, ACH, wire transfer, paypal, money order...etc. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 23:32:04
So make those all charity like donations that people can pay into.   So if one month we don't give enough to pay the teachers...well too bad for them?
@_date: 2014-01-03 16:42:19
We do and thank you for your professionalism 
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:40:54
Exactly.  If the media starts pushing FUD and the financial talking heads start crowing "we told you so" if/when a double-payment attack happens, they are not going to extol the virtues of Litecoin or any other altcoin...they will lump them all together, point and laugh.
The General Public, who do not know much (if anything) about altcurrencies will listen to them and businesses who are on the fence about accepting altcoins or are just trying it out may decide this is too big a risk and back out.  
It is a lot bigger than just bitcoins....a reported double payment attack (especially a big attack) will undermine confidence in all altcurrency.  Most people don't know the differences in the altcurrencies (and don't care to learn) so just because X coin is safe from such an attack or has some coding to prevent such an attack won't mean much if people refuse to use them because 'big daddy' failed.
@_date: 2014-04-01 19:14:59
There is...not likely but there is.
@_date: 2014-01-29 23:37:13
In that we are in agreement
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:06:01
Perhaps not stay at that level, but dropping that low isn't outside the realm of possibility.  Just look at the $1200 to below $600 drop.
@_date: 2014-01-03 04:19:41
In that I would agree however I wouldn't bet on this.  Bitcoins are new,  their history is short and very volatile so right now the past performance of one year out of three is not an indication that the market will follow the same path set down last year.
To those who believe (and I am not saying you do or don't) that bitcoin will hit $10,000 or more a BTC in 2014 based on how bitcoin performed in 2013: If we had a twenty five or even a ten year history then we could extrapolate from that but using one year as a basis to predict the next year is something anyone who has taken an Econ course would say is a blunder.  It might give a possible general idea of the market's mobility but it isn't something to use as concrete proof.
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:52:59
Yes and no.
If you have clean coins and put them into CoinJoin, someone with tainted (illegally gained via crime) coins puts their coins into CoinJoin, CoinJoin does it's magic.
Now your coins are tainted.  Even if only one half of your new coins are tainted and the other half is clean, per US law, your coins are now completely tainted.
So if you go and spend half of it, both halves are concidered tainted. So theoretically, eventually every bitcoin except those that are never spent will become tainted if they are put through a tumbler. 
CoinJoin is not really the solution as the real threat here is the lack of strong anonymity.  Your IP address is still tracked, Tor and I2P darknet don't defend against the NSA, and if the US Government REALLY wants to track your BTC history, they will put dozens of people to work analyzing the blockchain and how to link "X" wallet to you. 
Personally, I wouldn't trust my BTC to company like CoinJoin.  Seems sketchy as hell....and really I don't do anything that would require me to jumble my coins.  *IF* I wanted to do anything illegal, then I would use cash as that is harder to trace than bitcoins. 
CoinJoin and tumblers are mainly for the tin-foil hat crowd, the anti-government anarchists, and those who are doing illegal/shaddy things.
The vast majority of people would never need to use a Coin tumbler. 
Now, it is very unlikely that using a tumbler once or a couple times would throw up any red flags, but if you used a tumbler for all or nearly all your transactions, and a government agency is watching for for some reason, that would toss up some...in their minds....serious questions.
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:19:04
has about the same weight and clout.  Actually probably less since Rush has some (misinformed) followers.
@_date: 2014-03-27 21:58:54
You missed where I said I am a member of both communities and hold both coins.  I mention I have reservations about Bitcoins community and so you ignore facts and just lump me in as a shibe.
Also, I never brought up NASCAR or the bobsled team since they are not charities but feel free to misrepresent me and put words in my mouth.
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:01:29
Valid point.  The states may have local laws saying "medical marijuana" is legal, but the Feds are the ones who can deny Bitpay and Coinbase from doing business under federal anti-drug laws.  
If Bitpay and Coinbase did start allowing MM companies/businesses to have accounts with them, the Feds would slap Bitpay and Coinbase around...then you also have the media who would report half-truths that Bitcoin is still used for drug users/dealers to conduct business....then honest business owners who were on the fence or were just testing the altcurrency waters (so to speak) may pull away from bitcoins.  
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:00:10
Reading This week has been eye opening for me.  I didn't realize how many bitcoin supports want anti money laundering laws repealed.
If anyone is an authority in the bitcoin foundation, this might be an interesting topic to talk about on air, and I would love to have you message me.
 I host a radio talk show on technology and the idea that Bitcoin users are for repealing anti money laundering laws would make for a good show. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:58:41
I'm hopefully optimistic but I've learned that good/better things do tend to fail when they should corner the market.
Apple Newton, Digital audio tape, Betamax, IBM PCjr, E-Books, Flooz and Beenz (the first internet currency....think Bitcoin's great grandfather), Smart Appliances, PointCast, Sega Dreamcast, OS/2 (and OS/2 Warp), Tablet PCs, Bandai Pippin (Apple's game console), T-Mobile Sidekick, Laserdisk (daddy of DVDs), QR codes....
If bitcoins succeed, great!  If they don't, then they will added to the list.
@_date: 2014-04-10 15:37:55
1) While this is true in a perfect world, it is easy to make that idea unappealing.   Just think back to Tienanmen Square and the Democracy/Freedom protests in China as an example.
2) Bitcoin is supported by a very small minority, not the majority.  In fact, the majority either is apathetic or against bitcoins (for FUD reasons that make no sense)
@_date: 2014-02-05 20:58:27
I never down voted you.  I posted my comment then I had a meeting at work then went to a client site.  Just saw your reply now 
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:08:18
I understand that taking money creation out the hands of the state can be seen as a good ideal, but the fact is Amercians by enlarge are ingrained in using the US Dollar.  It is something they can touch, feel and use.   Also many citizens are not tech literate so Bitcoins seem nebulous to them, not something they can trust.  Given the US dollar has lasted over 100 years, it has the trust of the people.
I'd just say that I think once/if Bitcoins becomes 'mainstream', the libertarian core of Bitcoin holders will become a very small minority of users, just like they are now in society.  Bitcoins will be 'taken' out of their hands by the masses.
My radio show is "Tech Talk", a radio show about technology where people call in to talk about different topics of technology or to have their computer/tablet/smartphone questions answered.  Think of it like the "Click and Clack" radio show for automobiles.  Same idea, just with computers/technology.
@_date: 2014-02-05 21:05:21
I think the local telecom once stated that those in rural areas were more likely to have a land line because cell reception sucks in the country.
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:56:12
Even then, that hasn't stopped the Federal governement from tasking the DEA to swoop in and let the company fight it out in federal court.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:30:45
I'd like to see more reporting done from more than one website/blog about this.
I have had a feeling since 2008 that China was on the way to a melt down that would make the US Great Recession look positively welcoming, but I would like to hear from a reputable source instead of what is basically a Freeper blog.
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:41:34
I have learned that just because Bitcoins value goes up ($1200+) or down ($13) is no cause for alarm or joy.  Btc is still very young.  Once this baby has time to grow and mature then we can cheer or cry over the value.
@_date: 2014-03-20 18:25:30
Well we also have to look at the surveys critically.  How were they done, who were they surveying, what were the questions being asked and what options were those surveyed given to respond with?
I take any survey with a Pacific-sized grain of salt.
@_date: 2014-02-20 19:43:39
I question that premise as it seems every other exchange has fixed the issue.  Also why is it reported that 75% to 80% of people can't get fiat out, still.  Why did Mt Gox move to a virtual office?   Why not explain to the WSJ that they are solvent rather than saying "that information is confidential".  
Either Gox is very much run by amateurs, (They have had over a month to solve the Malleability issue with many people here explaining exactly how to do it and some even offering to provide coding assistance for Gox, not to mention every other exchange has pretty much fixed the issue), or things are a lot worse off than that TM issue. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 22:34:17
While I don't like the sentiment of joining Ghash, I respect your "let the world burn" approach.  
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:32:51
To be honest, it seems like he is trying to make a case for why some crimes should be legal, but since they are not, he wants the ability to hide those crimes to be made legal.
Now to respond to Mrtrch822:
Something you are not going to see many prosecutions is counterfeiting products for personal use.  No one really cares if you counterfeit a GAP Tshirt for your own use.  You do commit a crime when you counterfeit that same t-shirt and sell it as the real product.  That isn't victimless as you are defrauding someone.  
I won't play the semantics game with counterfeiting money as no one (who is sane) is going to counterfeit money just to destroy it.
And again, if you are not breaking the law and you have no money that is 'dirty' from a crime, then you have no need to launder money.   
Laundering money is specifically for criminals trying to make the money from their crimes look legit.
@_date: 2014-04-21 22:29:23
Hey now, no need for self-inflicted violence.  Simple mistake and totally understandable.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:35:25
If anyone put into bitcoin and Mt Gox more fiat than they could afford to lose, THEY deserve no sympathy simply for the fact that it was their own greed at work.  If someone can not take the amount of money they had in Gox and toss it into a fire, one dollar bill at a time, and not feel any remorse or loss and it wouldn't affect them in the short or long term...then they have/had too much into Gox.
I am not going to riddicule or make fun of anyone who lost money in Gox, but they have no sympathy for me...and I have said as much on the radio...repeatedly.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:56:13
No, the point to be made is any reasonable adult that did any research on Mt Gox and visited or Bitcointalk would have seen hundreds to thousands of posts about Mt. Gox and to not use Mt. Gox.
Bitcoin was next to worthless for 3-4 years before the 2013 boom. What we are arguing is the value of BTC was not tied to Gox. That Mt. Gox had all the indications that it was in trouble way back at the start of 2013 (and before).  I mean, the meme "You got Goxxed" was created back in 2011 (or 2010) "Being effectively fooled and/or trolled repeatedly. Derived from the "temporary" closure of the Bitcoin exchange site MtGox in June 2011, and the repeated delays in reopening for trading."
So no, we are not being intellectually dishonest.  We are saying your point has little merit.
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:08:51
Nah, just found it silly.
@_date: 2014-04-10 15:57:00
This has to be a major metro thing.  I never understood this, but then again the largest metro area (Minneapolis/St. Paul) is 3.5 hours away and even they don't have 'stay off the grass' signage.
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:36:54
1) The IRS doesn't make laws or regulations.  That is up to Congress.  
2) The IRS has the ability (and authority) to tell the Taxpayers "Hey, I know you are confused by how to file your taxes when it comes to bitcoins, so here is how you do it..."
3) Bitcoins were always taxable.  This was never going to be a tax-free vehicle.  The IRS just stepped up so people knew how to file correctly and avoid an audit.
I don't understand why you feel this is a 'new law'.  All the IRS did was define how Bitcoins fit into the current law that is in place.  There is nothing new here...and the law predates bitcoins btw.
They have done this kind of guidance time and time again, even before your grandfather was born. Nothing new on how they do what they do.
If you violate tax law, you pay a penalty (if you get caught).  If you speed, you get a speeding ticket (if you get caught).  Same idea.
Any normal, mentally stable adult who uses bitcoins and has any real knowledge about how the Government works knows all this already.
@_date: 2014-06-09 21:40:55
If you want to see what happens with no central government, look at Somalia from 1991 to 2012 (an even today).
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:37:38
20 minutes?!?! To replace an iPhone battery?
If you have MS, maybe.
Two screws at the bottom of the phone. Unscrew with the star bit screwdriver. With the front of the phone facing the floor, take your thumbs and place them on the back cover of the phone, then push towards the top/power button of the phone and then remove the back cover. (Less than a minute)
On an iPhone 4 or 4s, one phillips screw holds the battery in.  Unscrew that screw and then with a finger nail, small flat head screwdriver, or a guitar pick, lift the battery's connector from the iphone's mainboard.  (less than 5 seconds)
Pull up on the clear plastic tab to lift the left side of the battery from the phone and place a pry tool or use something non-metal and non-sharp/pointy to pry the old battery away from the double sided tape holding it down (less than a minute).
Put in the new battery, push the connector down into it's place, screw in the phillips screw to hold the battery connector down, place the back cover on the iPhone, slide it back into place, rescrew in the bottom screws and now power on your iPhone.
Takes MAYBE 5 minutes.   Just saying let's not get carried away with the exaggerations. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 15:29:28
And exactly how do we know it is currently 4 orders of magnitude below its true fair value, let alone what it's true fair value is?
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:05:05
It doesn't cover all businesses that accept bitcoins (none of the current maps do).  The app won't either but it is better than nothing.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:53:36
True... It isn't like anyone here at becomes upset when someone in the news media bashes bitcoin on the 6 o'clock national news.  Who the hell cares?   Cryptocurrencies arn't people.
@_date: 2014-03-20 21:53:13
Then again, just to be devil's advocate, it is another payment system that businesses may not use.  Just like how PayPal isn't accepted by many businesses despite it being available and popular.  
To accept Cards on a website, a merchant needs to have a gateway and a processor (some companies offer both solutions). Application fees range from $99 to $600 and monthly fees can also vary widely. Merchants can apply for a merchant account from their bank or through a broker or intermediary company. Unfortunately, banks are somewhat reluctant to give merchant accounts to any business they consider high-risk, including small, start-up or online businesses.
PayPal doesn't have any upfront costs. There is no application fee, no setup fee and no monthly fees for the basic package. PayPal will deduct a percentage from each payment a customer makes. These tend to be higher than a Merchant account but a PayPal account is much easier to get and a business does not have to provide business plans, one or more years of audited accounts or evidence of investment capital. 
Despite this, many companies don't accept PayPal.  
I know, I know, bitcoin has much more to offer and has lower fees, but sometimes saving money isn't all there is to it. 
I will wait and see.  Bitcoin has years to go before we are looking at mainstream adoption like Credit Cards.   I'm talking about going to any gas station or grocery store in America and being able to pay at the register with bitcoins kinda thing. 
@_date: 2014-02-05 21:13:43
Thanks for understanding 
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:52:04
Yeah, looks like I did.
Small screen on the iPhone....my bad
@_date: 2014-05-14 17:58:23
Some of us have no choice due to office radios/internet streams of co-workers.  I kinda am forced to listen to Beck and Rush at my job.   
Only part of my work that I wish I could change.
@_date: 2014-02-04 17:43:02
While I agree in part with you, cryptocurrency in general is having a hard time gaining ground with the general public.  It isn't just Dogecoin..
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:14:07
"I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!"
@_date: 2014-01-16 22:15:04
+1.  I honestly chuckled at that.  Thanks, I really did need a chuckle today.
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:35:21
I like that idea! Have an upvote
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:57:09
No, just most who are on @_date: 2014-02-21 14:23:21
I don't think anyone has been able to xfer out BTC from Gox since April.
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:54:54
So if someone took you in a scam (fraud), then you would be hard pressed to say you are victim.
If someone paid you in counterfeit money, you now not only are out that money but they also have your product (or service)...but you are not a victim, right?
But let me ask you....why would you need to launder money if you have  nothing to hide and have no reason to 'clean' your money?
@_date: 2014-03-19 15:24:49
Good to know. I'll just say you are right and that everyone should just give you and others that kept money and BTC in Gox a pat on the back, buy you a beer and write you a check for your losses.  It wasn't your fault you left money or BTC in Gox, using it as a bank or daytrading with it.  Gox has always been the pinnacle of trustworthiness.  Nothing ever went wrong with Gox and there were never ANY indications of trouble. 
I have a radio spot to cover.  Now I once again go on the air and tell my listeners that according to you Gox users deserve sympathy and were not shortsighted.  There were never articles or posts in bitcoin forums of any issues.   I might even mention this conversation (sans your user name of course).  Have a great day.  I'm out.
@_date: 2014-02-04 23:19:50
Shake the tag, lock in the BTC price at that moment, scan the QR code and then pay with your phone....the article was pretty clear on it.
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:07:29
That is true that there are a lot of fair online merchants and I agree chargebacks can be used for fraud.  I just personally feel bitcoin would be better suited if there was a way to protect those using Bitcoins for purchases from theft by some of the not so fair merchants.
If I knew the friend or merchant personally then I would feel different but many of the companies I would use Bitcoins for I do not have a relationship with.
It does not have to be shady merchants either. Big stores like amazon or overstock could make mistakes that require a chargeback but if using bitcoin the buy has little recourse 
@_date: 2014-05-14 17:59:58
I have and will always equate him to being Rush Limbaugh's mentally challenged younger brother.
@_date: 2014-05-14 17:22:02
A few of the really bad comments were removed but the more inane stuff is still there.
@_date: 2014-05-23 16:50:11
Ok, you trolled me. You were looking for someone to get a laugh off of.  Good job.  If you aren't trolling, then honestly it is folks such as yourself holding back bitcoin.  It would be best if you stuck to fiat as you will just drive people away from bitcoins and do more harm than good.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:35:10
I admit, I've been trolled.  
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:08:59
Most people are not anarchists, don't believe in anarchy, and do not support libertarianism.  Bitcoin may have been founded on that belief, but most people don't support or believe in it.   Their using bitcoins does not indicate they support or believe in libertarianism or anarchy.
The only reason bitcoin hit +$1000 was on speculators and the capitalistic greed factor.   
@_date: 2014-01-31 21:19:51
I fully understand, however they are the group that "standardizes, protects and promotes the use of Bitcoin cryptographic money for the benefit of users worldwide."    Hence, I would rather talk to someone who helps set the standards, protects and promotes Bitcoin than any average bitcoin user.  
I'm pretty sure that they would also say that they support and recommend everyone using bitcoins follows the law, but it still would be a good thing to have someone from TBF on the show.
@_date: 2014-03-29 16:08:29
I'd rather have Valve release HL 3 than accept Bitcoins or any cryptocurrencies as well!  If they accept Bitcoin or whatever, great, but it would make me happier to be able to see a solid release date for HL 3.
@_date: 2014-05-23 16:32:45
You aren't bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 19:59:02
Sorry...honestly I don't have my iPhone nearby right now and I was interested to see if there were any local businesses besides the one I work for that accept bitcoins and so I just used google :)
I don't know which maps are used more than others but I did see that of all the maps I looked at, only three showed any local businesses that accept bitcoins and if you look between maps, you see that they all are missing some businesses that the other maps may have.  
Hence why this might be a nice iPhone app, but unless they have people scouring the web for not only these other maps but also looking to see what companies are just announcing on their own websites that they accept bitcoins....the app will only be slightly helpful.  Still it is better than nothing.
@_date: 2014-02-20 15:09:47
Hey, this is libertarianism.  
Seriously.  
A completely unregulated market with no oversight.  If this failure/scam/whatever at Mt. Gox is making you rethink using other exchanges or worrying it could happen there, just realize that this is Libertarianism.    If people don't want regulations or government oversight/laws governing how these exchanges operate, then what changes would make people feel safe/secure about using exchanges.
@_date: 2014-02-04 23:20:51
Not for nothing, but the 'year' is only a month old.
@_date: 2014-08-13 16:38:08
From the link you posted:
[–]seriouslytaken 
Could blockchain technology be a replacement to this old lookup method on a more fundamental level? Removing the need for centralized owned routers/tables?
I don't see how. The routers have this info because they need it, having proof that the info exists without having the info itself is of no use. If you are talking about the peer to peer distribution, that is what BGP is.
@_date: 2014-01-27 15:45:42
I work with wireless meshed AP's nearly every day, obviously on a smaller scale, but there are a few problems.
If they are talking about a ethernet mesh network, well that costs a lot of money since the network and wiring runs need to go between every PC. Because every device must be connected to every other device, you have the issue of installation.  Also if a node moves (someone in an apartment moves to a new apartment elsewhere in town), reconnecting that PC to the wired network becomes a problem (adding another wire run and modifying the network structure in that area).  
You could get around some issues by using 10Gigabit (or faster) fiberoptic cable networking, but that isn't cheap and the wires would have to be buried.
When you are talking about wireless mesh networks, then you have the issue of coverage (if the north area of the city has a residential WLAN mesh, but the center of town is a business district with little to no mesh nodes, and the south area of the city has another WLAN mesh..you have separated WLANs.  Even something like an interstate can cut a WLAN in two, unless you have high output nodes or you use directional antenneas....but even then you are pushing all network traffic between the two WLANS through a couple of nodes.  Those nodes go down and now you have separated WLAN meshes. 
Another problem with wireless meshnet is every hop slows the throughput of the subsequent nodes.  Realistically, two hops from a wired node is all you can have before the overhead slow the connection until it feels like a 56k modem, speed-wise.
Then you have the limitations of Wireless itself.  You will have areas with so many other wifi networks that the radio spectrum is saturated. You have issues of interference (heavy electrical wiring for one, garage doors, electric motors), you have issues of building material...and the list goes on.  It is also wireless so the network is completely exposed...completely exposed...to outside forces.  It only takes one hacker to breach the network or expose a flaw in the hardware or protocols.
If you standardize your equipment, then you have to worry about a hacker exploiting a weakness in that equipment's firmware.  If you allow non-standardized equipment, now your weak link could be a consumer-grade Linksys wifi router for all you know. 
If you tunnel through the internet, now you have another issue.  You need nodes that will act as the gateways.  They physically connect to a cable modem/ADSL/dedicated line for the internet connection.  Now, all traffic between areas of a large metro (like LA) or between cities (NYC and Miami for an example) are tunneled through a few dedicated nodes.  If a node goes down, you can lose connectivity between cities. 
The speed of the internet connection will dictate the throughput and 'speed' of the tunnel.  You have overhead of the tunnel, then the meshnet itself, then the data traffic.  That all reduces the overall speed.  Then you have the ISP.  With Net Neutrality starting to fall apart, any ISP could throttle the connection if they believe it is degrading the overall effectiveness of their service to their other subscribers.
Finally, who will pay for all this?  If it is regular folks, you will have to convince people why this would be worth the hassle/trouble to set up, why the cost would be worth it, and why they should use this compared to just paying an ISP to give them an internet connection.
Picocell is a nice idea but it still suffers from bandwidth and throughput limitations.  I've used a Picocell network when I was in Vegas for CES.  It doesn't take many people to bring a Picocell network to a crawl.   
Picocells are not cheap, hardware or installation/configuration-wise and you need guys to admin the hardware to make sure it stays up and healthy.
Overall, a neat idea, but too many shortcomings to be practical.
@_date: 2014-05-23 16:36:41
That makes sense and on an upnote at least Bitcoins/Dogecoin debates hasn't devolved into the Xbox/Playstation level of immaturity.
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:38:27
...and then you would lose a lot of the support Bitcoin has.  If it is closed source, not many people would trust it, myself included.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:18:03
That's a little like rubbing salt on an open wound..isn't it?
@_date: 2014-01-29 23:28:47
I can respect that.  I haven't seen that aspect of it but I have heard the law enforcement side (have police detective friends and one high school friend that now works with the secret service).
I also agree that AML laws should be reviewed, but not repealed.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:00:33
So you realized that the ship was sinking and you tried to buy GoxBTC vouchers (there were no real BTC at that point) anyway.
You basically knew the money you were using was being wasted but your greed was strong and you wanted to 'get rich' by buying BTC at around $100 a coin (in reality you were buying vouchers for BTC...and those are now worthless).
Sorry, I have no sympathy for your plight.  You knew the risks, you bought into Gox when the ship was going down and everyone was trying to get out.  You were burned.
No sympathy for the greedy.
@_date: 2014-04-01 19:45:01
I'll play "Devil's Advocate" and probably be downvoted even if I say that I don't support this happening but here it is:
Bitcoin can be banned and it isn't impossible or close to impossible to do. Bitcoin's main stream appeal is based on Merchants accepting bitcoin.
All the governments of the world (and I'll use the USA as an example) would need to do is the following:
1) Pass a law that bans businesses of any size (from a self employeed programmer to a multinational company) from accepting Bitcoins directly from customers/clients or payments from (or from) companies like Coinbase or Bitpay which change Bitcoins to fiat, with heavy fines that well exceed any payment(s) gained.
2) Ban any US company from doing business with any online Exchange which allows citizens to exchange Fiat for Bitcoins. Heavy fines for companies that ignore this law.
3) Refuse to allow any Exchange from being licensed as a Money Transmitter in the US, and cancelling the licenses of any Exchanges in the US. The freezing and seizing of any assets in the US associated with online Exchanges.
4) Banks and CC companies can no longer transmit any funds to any online Exchanges, can no longer service online exchanges with any accounts or services the bank provides, and no longer accept payments for any accounts from an online Exchange or intermediary (so someone couldn't have fiat gained from selling bitcoins on an exchange 'laundered' through a third party transmitter to that someone's bank account). Harsh Fines and penalties for any violations.
Once the government bans businesses from accepting bitcoins, bans companies like Coinbase or Bitpay from doing business in the US (and confiscating any of their assets in the US), refusing any exchanges from doing business in the US and banning banks from accepting payments for customers from exchanges and not allowing banks or CC companies to let their customers pay for bitcoins with their accounts....then bascially you have banned bitcoins in a country.
It would also drive the value of bitcoins down and relegate it to person to person only exchanges. Then if the government was feeling evil, they could make person to person exchanges illegal under some terrorism or money laundering law with fines and imprisonment.
It could crash the bitcoin value too as investors and people afraid of government action would panic sell their BTC, which could lead to some exchanges freezing trading or going under...which drives the value even lower.
Yeah... it could be done.
How likely? 
Not so much.
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:58:00
This has gone way off topic but here is my 2 cents:
First, I'm a 35 year old white guy, happily in a long term relationship with a great woman that I had to ask to go on a date. 
One of those 'there is no way in hell a woman who is a solid +10 is going to even give me, a possible 6, (maybe 7 if she is drunk and I'm in a $100,000 suit) the time of day"  She gave me the time of day, said yes to a date, then another, and another.  Introduced me to her family, was introduced to my family and things couldn't be better.   
If you are male and in the US, most American women will not ask you.  You need to ask them.   Gender roles are hard to break. 
I also have to say if you wait until you know, you may end up in the "Friend Zone".
If you are shy or have issues with walking up to a strange woman and striking up a conversation, use Match.com or another dating site and get a paid account for three months.  Make an interesting, funny and truthful profile with GOOD photos.  Take time to fill it all out and watch the emails role in from interested women.  
I had setup a Match account and had 10 emails after 4 hours of my account being online.  Use this as a way to build confidence.  I setup at least nine dates with different women before I took the leap and sent an email/message to a woman who had not contacted me or shown interest in my account.
We communicated over emails for two months before setting up a date and voila.  Now we are a happy couple that baffles some of our more shallow friends, and makes both families really happy.
@_date: 2014-01-03 17:06:11
Chargebacks are to protect the consumer otherwise if I pay for a product and it never ships (or the company claims it shipped) then I am out my Bitcoins with no recourse other than to either spend more money in court or bitch about it online.
No chargeback are a reason I will ~~never~~ be very wary of using Bitcoins for currency. At least with my cc or debit card I have a way to get my money back from a lazy or sleazy company
Edit: ok never is a strong word.  
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:43:49
Let's put it this way.  Gox isn't allowing anyone to xfer Fiat or BTC out.   You can only 'buy in' with Fiat and Coin but you can't take it out.  Even if 1 BTC is $100 on Gox, and you drop $1000 for 10 BTC there is no guarantee you will ever see your BTC or your Fiat ever again. 
The low price on Gox is a possible 'honeypot' to lure more people into buying BTC on Gox with Fiat, knowing that Gox will never reimburse those people.
@_date: 2014-02-04 23:22:55
Most people don't think in those terms...and won't for years yet.  They think in what ever the local currency is.  It took almost a decade before europeans were talking about prices in Euros (then whatever their local currency was....and some places still talk about their local currency first, then whatever the euro happens to be).
@_date: 2014-02-20 19:54:59
Then I stand corrected.
@_date: 2014-04-10 15:31:37
I'm  playing the role of "devil's advocate", not trolling.
The Government doesn't need to 'ban' bitcoins directly. 
First, they pass a law that bans businesses of any size (from the self employed to the multinational companies) from accepting Bitcoins directly from customers/clients or payments from companies like Coinbase or Bitpay which change Bitcoins to fiat, with heavy fines that well exceed any payment(s) gained.
Ban any company from doing business with any online Exchange which allows citizens to exchange Fiat for Bitcoins. Heavy fines for companies that ignore this law.
Refuse to allow any Exchange from being licensed as a Money Transmitter in the US, and cancelling the licenses of any Exchanges in the US. The freezing and seizing of any assets in the US associated with online Exchanges outside of the US.
Banks can no longer transmit any funds to any online Exchanges, can no longer service online exchanges with any accounts or services the bank provides, and no longer accept payments for any accounts from an online Exchange or intermediary (so someone couldn't have fiat gained from selling bitcoins on an exchange 'laundered' through a third party transmitter to that someone's bank account). Harsh Fines and penalties for any violations.
Once the government bans businesses from accepting bitcoins, bans companies like Coinbase or Bitpay from doing business in the US (and confiscating any of their assets in the US), refusing any exchanges from doing business in the US, banning banks from accepting payments for customers from exchanges and not allowing banks to let their customers pay for bitcoins with their accounts....then bascially you have banned bitcoins in a country.
It would also drive the value of bitcoins down and relegate it to person to person only exchanges. 
Evil Finishing Move:  The government could make person to person exchanges illegal under some terrorism or money laundering law with fines and imprisonment.
Extra evil finishing move: Freeze the accounts of anyone in the US who has sent money to, or received money from an online Exchange like CoinBase.
It could crash the bitcoin value too as investors and people afraid of government action would panic sell their BTC, which could lead to some exchanges freezing trading or going under...which drives the value even lower.
@_date: 2014-01-20 14:43:36


Hey, I agree that taxes are too high as well, but without taxes no one would pay for having Police, Firemen, Garbage Collection, Department of Transportation.....and the list goes on.
 
"Taxes, after all, are dues that we pay for the privileges of membership in an organized society."
― Franklin D. Roosevelt
“I hate paying taxes. But I love the civilization they give me” 
― Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
“The subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government, as nearly as possible, in proportion to their respective abilities.” 
― Adam Smith
"Taxes, well laid and well spent, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, and promote the general welfare. Taxes protect property and the environment; taxes make business possible. Taxes pay for roads and schools and bridges and police and teachers. Taxes pay for doctors and nursing homes and medicine. During an emergency, like an earthquake or a hurricane, taxes pay for rescue workers, shelters, and services. For people whose lives are devastated by other kinds of disaster, like the disaster of poverty, taxes pay, even, for food.” 
― Jill Lepore
“The expenses of government, having for their object the interests of all, should be borne by every one, and the more a man enjoys the advantages of society, the more he ought to hold himself honoured in contributing to these expenses.” 
― Anne-Robert-Jacques Turgot
*Edit: I must be getting downvoted because some must feel that taxes suck and maintained roads, police, firemen, teachers, military or social programs don't need to exist.*
@_date: 2014-02-06 18:15:09
I read the full set of emails/messages you linked to...here are a few I thought I would copy pasta.  I think those in the Bitcoin Community would be able to come up with a response to their stated reasons why Bitcoin isn't currently accepted by the Wiki:
**EDIT**: For those downvoting me, I am not associated with Wiki nor am I supporting or advocating their position.  I'm posting it for all to see and for us to discuss a way to present a counter argument.  They said they are not accepting bitcoins and here are their reasons.  Instead of downvoting because you don't like their reasons or hearing why they are not accepting bitcoins, perhaps you could offer suggestions and we can work out a proposal to present to them.


And this one...it's long:
"That very rough number that Matt threw out there has far less to do with the cost of applying human brainpower than it does with the cost of taking the available brainpower away from things we know are going to significantly increase our efficacy. We have several of those things looming on the horizon, and we choose to concentrate new development on what we know will be the biggest earners out of those.
My understanding (I am no analyst) is that **we continue to have a difficult time finding hard evidence that bitcoin is currently anywhere near the other top candidates, so it remains off the roadmap in favor of concentrating on solid numbers.** If anybody would like to supply us with hard figures, we’d certainly be interested in seeing them.
The main reason the expected earnings &gt; one dude’s salary calculation of worthiness doesn’t work here, is that there are four people in fundraising engineering. The four of us support and maintain all existing payments functionality, ensure integrity of the donation pipeline, and do all new code development and review. For the sake of the foundation and the movement, each one of us has to do significantly better than individually break even.
As the fundraising tech lead, I definitely appreciate any outside interest in potentially helping us out by modifying fundraising code in order to support more payment methods, and I would be happy to outline the general process of integrating with a new gateway in a way that is consistent with our current code.
Before I get in to the nitty-gritty, though, I want to be completely clear on this one point: **Even if I had the authority to do so (I do not), there is no universe in which I am willing to enable new functionality simply because the switch exists.** Matt has already done a pretty good jobvoutlining the scope of the collective distraction that bitcoin represents,and that scope extends well beyond tech. In fact, it seems to me that producing the actual integration code is the most trivial issue regarding bitcoin integration that has been brought up thus far, and I would not be pleased to see well-intentioned volunteer time go to waste over hastily dismissed blocking issues which exist well outside the purview of the fundraising tech team.
That said, here is a very general 30,000 foot view of a typical new gateway integration from a purely technical standpoint:
* Donation Interface[1]: This is the mediawiki extension that initiates payments. A new gateway adapter child class will need to be created, which will run in parallel to the existing enabled gateway adapters, and not short-circuit any of the class constraints that have been deliberately built in to the gateway adapter parent class. Then, an appropriate form (or redirect) should be created to handle the user experience, which uses the RapidHTML templating system. At the end of it all, after a successful donation has been made, an internal donation message should be queued.
Happily, examples of all the things I just mentioned already exist in other gateway adapter objects; New gateways are rarely so unusual that we haven’t nearly done it before.
* Payments Listener[2]: Most payment gateways worth even brief consideration, have an optional near-realtime notification system. This system tells us when we receive new payments, and existing payments change status (cancels, refunds, chargebacks). We would need to create a listener to receive realtime payment updates, process them securely, and queue donation messages when appropriate. Though a realtime message listener is usually not strictly required in order to get paid through a new gateway integration, I have recently decided to require them wherever possible.
* Nightly reconciliation / auditing[3]: Every payment gateway we integrate with provides a daily downloadable list of all the transactions we should have on record. So, a job needs to be created that will download the daily file and chew through our records to make sure we have all the relevant data, and rebuild anything we may have missed. This job needs to be set up to run daily.
* Queue consumer module for civicrm integration[4]: The donations queue consumer will need to be modified, to accept and correctly process donation messages from the new gateway, in a way that is consistent with our existing data.
Of course, all of this work will require pretty consistent code review, which will bottleneck on the same four fundraising engineers. As it happens, the number of non-fundraising engineers who are willing to code review for fundraising without special encouragement, has historically been so close to zero it’s almost not worth mentioning.
In the event that any volunteers are willing to take this on, I have three things to say:
* 1 - There are no guarantees that your code will ever be enabled by the WMF. Ever.
Yes, I already said it. It seems important enough to mention twice. Even if the tech team decides your code is beautiful and flawless and we love you, it is still likely to end up an overblown expression of futility that spans four codebases.
If this isn’t a problem for you, by all means: Go for it.
* 2 - To greatly increase the likelihood that your code will be reviewed, looked on favorably, and eventually merged (not enabled, though. Not my call. See  you should probably get in contact with the fundraising tech team and keep us informed about what you’re up to. The best way to do that is to get in contact with us on IRC. There are usually a few of us tech types in  so that’s probably the best place to start looking for specific guidance.
* 3 - Just kidding; It’s  again.
Katie Horn
Fundraising Tech Lead
Wikimedia Foundation
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:24:47
Yeah, that's not totally accurate.   "Fifty Shades of Grey has become the best-selling book in **Britain** since records began, surpassing Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows with sales of 5.3 million copies."    
The entire series of 50 Shades has 100 million world wide total sales which is respectable...until you look at A Tale of Two Cities which that single book has over 200 Million in total world wide sales. The Lord of the Rings book has over 150 Million sold world wide.  Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone has over 107 million books sold for that single book.
50 shades has had success, no doubt, especially considering the book originated as a slightly twisted fanfic made about Bella and Edward from the Twilight series.   However, let's not try to make it out to be bigger and a better seller than, say the Bible or Bridges of Madison County.
Your Truly,
A Fellow Author
P.S.   Looking forward to checking out your book and supporting a fellow Reddit author.
@_date: 2014-01-02 20:42:57
No.  I am saying that the likelyhood someone had the foresight to say "Hey, I know bitcoin is only worth $12 but by September it WILL be around $800 or more because reasons" is slim to none.
They might have hoped it went that high but having foresight to KNOW it would?  Not so much.
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:14:03


The problem is, as soon as you say Cryptography or PGP, those who know next to nothing about those topics start to tune out.  If you ever have tried to explain how to use a new version of Word, Windows, or a new smart phone (going from android to iphone or visa versa) to someone who has little knowledge about computers and technology, you would know how hard this is.
I like your thinking though.
@_date: 2014-04-10 15:48:22
I also wanted to caution people about saying "Bitcoins can never be banned and the US will never be able to prosecute anyone over using bitcoins" 
Mr. von NotHaus, the creator of "Liberty Dollars" managed over 10 years to get more than 60 million real dollars’ worth of his precious metal-backed currency into circulation across the country.  So much of his 'fake money' was being used in the US that the prosecutor overseeing his case accused him of “domestic terrorism” for using the "Liberty Dollars" to undermine the government.
In 2006, with millions of the coins in circulation in more than 80 cities, the United States Mint sent Mr. von NotHaus a letter advising that the use of his currency “as circulating money” was a federal crime. 
They already set the precedent.  They saw Liberty Dollars as a threat and shut it down.  If they believe that Bitcoin would become a threat to the US, they WILL pass laws as I stated in my other post.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:58:05
I made a comment specifically about your post "It's a phonetic abbreviation. I don't care what you call your play money, fedora."
I have no idea where your mind was at when you made a reply that has nothing to do with my comment. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 14:35:38
So the issue of Gox halting Dollar withdrawal in June of 2013 was no indication that perhaps they were unstable?  The halting of BTC withdrawals in Feb this year was also just business as normal?
 
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:33:57
I asked a general practice lawyer and a financial planner (who is also a lawyer who handles bankruptcies for businesses and helps businesses get setup financially) about this when I was at the radio station yesterday for a monthly meeting (I have a radio talk show on technology, the general practice lawyer has a law-based talk show and the financial planner lawyer has a radio talk show on...you guessed it, financial planning.  Both said that any company or person who holds a debt can refuse to accept physical money (paper notes, metal coins) as long as they accept dollars in some other way such as what I gave examples of before. 
The financial lawyer also named a case that he remembers where a mortgage company was sued by a person who wanted to pay their mortgage off by sending Federal Reserve Notes (physical dollars) through the mail and the mortgage company sent the envelope full of dollars back saying they don't accept physical money.  
The judge threw the case out of court saying that the mortgage company accepted dollars in other ways and were well within their rights to refuse physical dollars.
I did some internet research too and found many similar cases that also have been tossed out of court or the person suing the company lost since the company accepted dollars in other ways.
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:17:51
How about "The Satoshi Archive Project"?  I'd have said nothing if such a name was given to the site.  
I have mentioned the name and formation to the group to various people at the station and every single one has said nearly the same thing I have said.  This would be both on air personalities and off air support staff.  Most are  not technically minded and most are not using or have much interest in Bitcoin.
When non-bitcoin people are chuckling at this new organization's name and the titles used, perhaps the problem isn't the general public. 
Now, three co-workers besides myself are geeks and do know about bitcoins...even they are either shaking their heads, outright laughing or making comments. 
It isn't just me.
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:02:54
I thought I read on this sub that the 51% attack thing was patched/fixed like a month or more ago...or am I mistaken?
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:19:28
I don't understand why I was down voted for sharing my experience in the response of everyday people towards Bitcoins.  I also would love to see Bitcoins flourish but we have to be realistic and look at this from outside our own understanding.  See Bitcoins through the eyes of those who are not computer savvy or like technology in general beyond using Facebook and using a PC at work.
@_date: 2014-05-23 18:48:42
Dimes, like pennies, add up to real money if you have enough of them.  I wouldn't mind using doge for coffee but paying my rent/mortgage with bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:33:20
I understand what you are explaining.  Just that in most conversations when someone says "most of the year" they mean the current year.  My mistake
@_date: 2014-01-21 19:02:41
Well, that is true, but again, even if millions know what it is...that still leaves the question "Do they hold BTC in a positive light, a negative light or don't give a damn about BTC at all." 
Just as a silly point, the TV Guide might come up with a poll that says 70% of the US knows about "Duck Dynasty".   That poll doesn't break down how that 70% views DD.  I might be polled and answer "Yes, I know what it is" but the pollsters never asked how I felt about DD...which I would say "negatively".  
Basically what my long post meant, summed up, is: "We need to be careful when using stats. They don't always support our conclusions" 
@_date: 2014-02-06 20:26:22
Iphones dont have a large majority of the smartphone market so this isnt a catch 22
@_date: 2014-01-30 19:12:05
I personally do not think the "State" is the key player here.  It will be the financial institutions.   Companies like VISA, Mastercard, Goldman Sachs, US Bank and others will lobby congress.  The "State" itself isn't doing much about Bticoins right now...other than watch.  
If the lobbyists start hammering on congress, it won't take long for old men that do not really understand technology to say "Well, I don't know about this Bitcoin stuff and don't care about it...but the money from the lobbyist is good and I can look like I am getting tough on criminals and terrorists trying to hide money" 
Worry about lobbyists.  Worry about the Financial institutions.   Don't give much worry to the Government.
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:31:40
Which, given human nature, mostly likely will be what happens.  
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:28:17
I haven't had to chargeback amazon but I have had to charge back repairs universe for refusing to either refund our money (bought a digitizer/LCD for an android smartphone they claim on their website as new but was actually used) or swap the part for a real new part.  I did ship the part back but they refused to send a new part but kept our money.
If I used Bitcoins they could basically have ignored me and keep the funds.   At least with a cc I could dispute the charges/initiate a chargeback.
@_date: 2014-02-11 18:04:18
What turns more people off than these headlines is the knowledge that most bitcoin supporters are Libertarians. I have no problem with that fact, but some do.
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:19:32
Given it is square, I'm not sure if you mean Point of Sale or Piece of Sh**.
Either works, IMHO.
To qualify my comment, I have used Square's POS and Intuit's "GoPayment" POS along with various others.  Personally, I don't care for Square (and their helpdesk/tech support is HORRID!)
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:42:03
Objective evidence, like new stories and new articles?  You realize that before 2013, Bitcoin was virtually unheard of outside this small community right?  
The only real news you have about Gox prior to the Bitcoin boom of 2013 was from the users.  So ignore the people who are talking about their own experience.  Just like if you want to know if a restaurant is any good, only trust the foodie article from the local paper and ignore anyone who actually ate there since that is just hearsay. Gotcha.
If you want to know what the next best alternatives were to Gox back in 2010-2011, then you have Google.  I am not your assistant.   We are talking about the better/next best alternative to Gox from 2013 onward (when bitcoin boomed), when the majority of people got into bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:06:23
Not that I disagree with you, but playing Devils Advocate, if FUD is spread about bitcoin on the nightly news and mainstream media, it would be hard to see another altcoin rising up to take over the place of bitcoin.
Most of the public just knows about Bitcoin and not the other altcoins, and if FUD is spread about a double payment attack, it would be hard to see most of the general public throwing any support behind another altcoin, such as NXT because of the pre-conceived notions over bitcoin. Not to mention, no one is really talking about NXT in the media.
Now if bitcoin fails and the talking heads start saying, "Yes, bitcoin failed but Peercoin or NXT doesn't have this flaw." then I could see NXT rising up to take BTCs place.
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:37:40
Ok, I'm just going to step away from this.  Obviously you are not going to change my mind, I am not going to change yours and going around and around rehashing the same arguments over and over is just a waste of your time and mine.
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:05:52
Most Americans don't hold to the Libertarian beliefs and don't necessarily believe in, or want to support what Bitcoins stands for.   
Bitcoins stayed under $100 a coin (most often less than double digits) when it was steaming along under it's 'core beliefs'.  It only went to +$1000 when the Capitalist market and speculators got involved.  
Bitcoins will never survive, thrive, or go mainstream just on 'core libertarian beliefs'. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:36:50
I don't understand these online petitions.  I've worked for some companies whom have had online petitions created for them to do "X" or "Y".  Not a single one cares about the online petitions.  
@_date: 2014-01-20 14:50:57
Because you can tell from some of the pixels and from seeing quite a few of shops in your time, right?
(Sorry, I just had to)
@_date: 2014-03-19 15:05:44
How about just doing a advanced Google search for the word "Goxed" and limit the timeline of your search from July 18th, 2010 to Feb 7, 2014.  
"Bitcoiners repeatedly warned people not to use Mt. Gox, pointing to the fact that the suspension on their withdrawals was a bad indicator and it made Mt. Gox nearly useless as an exchange if you required a payout in USD," Ryan Shea, co-founder of Halfmoon Labs, wrote in an email.
And an image to show how laughable and amateur their programming was when they opened Gox to the world as a BTC exchange.   
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:29:25
No just silly and no where on the site does it say anything about them filing for their 503(c) status.  Hence it is pretentous, which I would point on my show.
I'm not critical of what their mission, just how they are going about it and presenting themselves.
@_date: 2014-03-27 21:20:11
So giving to others in need is bad in your book.  You are saying that bitcoiners would rather watch hungry children cry and let people in Africa die of thirst rather than part with a single penny.   If Bitcoin was doing charity stuff, then I would have a different view.
You, sir, would be no better than the system you wish to replace.  Worse even, as the US Government does provide humanitarian aid to other countries in the tune of hundreds of billions.  So yes, I would say that the Doge community would be morally better than the Bitcoin community in that sense.
"Standard Blue-Pill thinking".  Well, I'd rather give money to a starving person than light that money on fire in front of their face and laugh, as you seem to imply is your view of the world.
If you feel Taxation is theft, then please don't use any highways or interstates...well you know the arguement I have, I know what you will come back with....we are going to waste our time arguing over how you think Libertarianism is the best and I take issues with part of it...and since I won't see things 100% the way you see them, you believe I am an idiot and since you would hand wave my concerns with Libertarianism, I end up thinking you are a 'true believer'.  So let's just leave it as I already know we won't see eye to eye and I don't want to waste your time or mine.  
*Edit: I'm sorry but the ideology does matter because if those who are pushing the technology are doing so out of a belief to harm others or who can see no reason to give to charity since they are not getting anything in return (especially profit), then I have an issue with it.
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:17:05
John owns 1f4675fgnx748owhx4w58of7xh4w48fnx7.  He stays completely off the grid...so to speak...when it comes to his bitcoin wallet.
But let's say the IRS can tie 1hz45fn784z87fhnw4z87zw4857hn34r55 to  John's co-worker Bill, who has an account on BTC-E via the fact that Bill setup his BTC-E account to pull money from his bank account.
Now 1f4675fgnx748owhx4w58of7xh4w48fnx7 has sent money to Overstock.com for some items to be shipped to John's address.   TigerDirect has also had 1f4675fgnx748owhx4w58of7xh4w48fnx7 buy things to be shipped to John's address.
And now 1f4675fgnx748owhx4w58of7xh4w48fnx7 just sent money to Bill's account, ...who happens to be John's co-worker.
Doesn't take a rocket scientist to see a pattern.    Basically, the only way John could use bitcoins is if he didn't use any exchange, had anything purchased by bitcoins sent to an address that has no ties to John, and never use bitcoins at any place near his home as to have total deniability to his Bitcoin wallet.
Problem is, if John is going to that much trouble, that perks the interest of the IRS and Homeland Security...and now John is flagged for not only an audit but some scrutiny by the jackbooted thugs in HLS.  
Hiding in plain sight is a hell of a lot better than trying to hide and look like a 'terrorist' or criminal/drug dealer to an over eager government worker.
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:13:48
In the past year I have had five chargebacks when purchasing for the company I work for and three personally for my own inline shopping.  Either charged for products that never arrived or were shipped very damaged and the vendor would not RMA the damaged goods when we wanted to shop he damaged merchandise back for an undamaged product.
I agree most online merchants are not sleazy.  I was nearly stating that some can be.  I prefer to have recourse to get my money back if a company refuses to work to resolve the situation.   
I just feel that the no chargeback feature of bitcoin leaves the door wide open to fraud and abuse which could tarnish the reputation of Bitcoins as a form of payment 
@_date: 2014-01-16 20:09:10
I also don't think the OP or the team working on this is thinking about this from someone Not in a big city, nor do they have real world experience with large wifi mesh networks...or advanced wifi experience. 
You have wifi saturation, people using overpowered wifi aps, dirty aps, different wireless types, and so on.
You also have people going on and offline with their computers so someone's data at some point is going to be in part or wholly inaccessible.
If someone from one city is a traveller and goes to a new city, how does the network adjust for the data being moved?
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:25:23
I hear what you are saying, and totally understand.  I just don't see a majority of people supporting Bitcoin if they thought they were supporting Libertarians by using Bitcoin.
In any case, I have to head out.  Have a great night!
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:51:24
I manage the network engineers in out company and many of them don't know much about Bitcoins other than a few news articles.  Like any business, some come to work to do a job and go home, others (like myself) live and breath our careers.  I wouldn't fire a single engineer for not knowing or using bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:41:50
To be honest, I don't.  I did some searching with my google-fu and found nada.
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:04:53
From what I understand, it won't matter if the bitcoin economy is booming.  "Your gains are taxable in the year that they are realized. Realization occurs when you exchange bitcoins for any type of other property; such as cash, merchandise, or services."
You don't have to change to fiat to realize gains so you still have to pay taxes on your purchases.
@_date: 2014-02-20 15:28:29
Well, some folks are still dumping Fiat into Gox to buy those GoxBTC at low, low prices....as long as people keep pouring Fiat into Gox, why close up shop?
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:59:23
It costs me about $118 per flight hour to fly my aircraft. My cruise speed is ~232 knots at altitude but again, everything depends on winds, altitude and if I run her lean or not and how far I am intending to travel and how fast I want to get there.
Edit:  my aircraft burns about 22-32 gallons/hour of fuel
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:11:16
is right.  Market psychology.  Partially the reasons of the 1929 US Stock Market Crash and "Black Monday" crash in 1987.
One person sells a major portion of their wallet, then some other 'whale' becomes nervous and does the same...or a bunch people with smaller wallets sell off and the avalanche happens.
@_date: 2014-01-03 04:11:34
You keep missing the point.   I keep saying over and over again it could cause a snowball effect and you are trying to box me into a statement that a couple thousand Bitcoins being dumped would have no effect.   You are right in that a couple thousand would have little if any effect.  I am talking about a single 50 million dollar dump or a snowball effect that a smaller but still substantial dump could cause. 
Why do you persist in ignoring the fact that a smaller dump with a news event like the one I mentioned would have no effect?  Even if the story the first person later turns out to not be true or the bill didn't pass the effect still could happen.  You only have to look at the history of any stock market (or even the short history of bitcoin) to see this effect happen over and over again to realize that what I  saying can easily happen?
@_date: 2014-05-14 17:30:19
I can't talk politics with my family.  At.  All.  Especially my father.   My folks and sister are Fox (Faux) News, born-again, Tea-party Conservative, "I've got mine, Get a damn job ya hippy" Republicans.  
I'm the black sheep of the family with my Left of Center, Independent (leaning to Democrat) views. 
So, I feel your pain
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:04:53
I don't know but from what I understand talking to an ex-judge and a lawyer just the other day at the radio station, as long as a business accepts dollars with CC, check, ACH or some other way, then they can refuse to accept physical money.
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:31:53
The second best thing in the world besides "Location, Location, Location" is "Research, Research, Research"
@_date: 2014-01-27 15:47:34
You don't.  Also, to gain coins, you would need to allow others to store their information on your computer.  Care to have some perv put child porn on the network, and then have the police knocking on your door to take your PC as evidence in a Child Porn case?  Yeah, me either.
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:03:56
If so, then why do utility companies, such as electric companies who are sending you a bill for last month's electric usage, or IT companies sending out bills for work already performed onsite at a client business, refuse to accept physical money?  I do not know of any specific US Laws that require the acceptance of physical money in exchange for nullifying a debt.
@_date: 2014-01-21 19:28:56
Very easily actually.  Just give me your bank routing number and an account number to transfer to and that is it.  I can either go to my bank or go to their website, or use their app and xfer any amount of funds to you I wanted (as long as I had that amount available to do so).
Thing is, it is much easier for you to tell me a 6-9 digit routing number and 6-10 digit account number over the phone than it is that long string of numbers and letters for a bitcoin address.
@_date: 2014-05-23 17:32:37
Of that, I think we both can agree.
@_date: 2014-01-23 18:50:27
To play devil's advocate for a moment, yorrick21 does have a point, after a fashion.  True, that the CEO did CC the reply email to other people on his staff, like the CFO, however that just is cause for cautious optimism.
Using an exclamation point with a customer, as in "Under Review!", doesn't necessarily mean that the CEO is excited about it.  It can also be to make RyanKinder happy that it appears the CEO is excited about it.  The "Hey! They are really looking into this!" feeling, but he might not be interested...but wanted to give Ryan a good feeling, as in keeping the customer happy about the T-Mobile Brand.
Another point is while the CEO might CC an email to the other C-level execs, the CFO might take a look and trash bin the email. In fact, "Under Review!", may solely mean "I just CC'd the others on this, and this is the review"
It really isn't telling on how the rest of the execs would react, nor does it tell us if it would pass the board of directors approval. CEO's have ideas all the time on some new direction they want to take or a new idea they want to implement...and most of those ideas don't make it very far.
Now stepping away from being the Devil's Advocate, I think this letter is a positive step forward and would be a major boon for Bitcoin if one of the big 4 cellular providers started accepting payments for the monthly bills in bitcoins.  
It might be hard to get all the independent shops that sell T-Mobile phones/contracts on board to accept bitcoins, but for paying your monthly bill....that's a good place to start.
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:38:25
Well, no.  The article clearly states that this is from a nationwide survey in the US, not the world.  Nice enthusiasm and a good way to look at numbers such as this however.  Have an upvote.
@_date: 2014-04-10 15:55:11
It was easier to get weed in college than it was to get a six-pack of beer.  
Even as an adult, I know a few guys that could make a single phone call and they would easily have someone stopping over at their place with their order of whatever they wanted in illicit substances.  Easier and faster than ordering a pizza.  
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:16:06
Or The Rush Limbaugh Institute for Advanced Conservative Studies?
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:09:55
No, I wasn't implying anything other than the simple statement that most people don't care.  You have a long, very hard road ahead of you to convince the majority to see things the way you do.  That's ALL I was saying.
@_date: 2014-04-01 19:41:04
I'll play "Devil's Advocate" and probably be downvoted even if I say that I don't support this happening but here it is:
Bitcoin can be banned and it isn't impossible or close to impossible to do. Bitcoin's main stream appeal is based on Merchants accepting bitcoin.
All the governments of the world (and I'll use the USA as an example) would need to do is the following:
1) Pass a law that bans businesses of any size (from a self employeed programmer to a multinational company) from accepting Bitcoins directly from customers/clients or payments from (or from) companies like Coinbase or Bitpay which change Bitcoins to fiat, with heavy fines that well exceed any payment(s) gained.
2) Ban any US company from doing business with any online Exchange which allows citizens to exchange Fiat for Bitcoins. Heavy fines for companies that ignore this law.
3) Refuse to allow any Exchange from being licensed as a Money Transmitter in the US, and cancelling the licenses of any Exchanges in the US. The freezing and seizing of any assets in the US associated with online Exchanges.
4) Banks and CC companies can no longer transmit any funds to any online Exchanges, can no longer service online exchanges with any accounts or services the bank provides, and no longer accept payments for any accounts from an online Exchange or intermediary (so someone couldn't have fiat gained from selling bitcoins on an exchange 'laundered' through a third party transmitter to that someone's bank account). Harsh Fines and penalties for any violations.
Once the government bans businesses from accepting bitcoins, bans companies like Coinbase or Bitpay from doing business in the US (and confiscating any of their assets in the US), refusing any exchanges from doing business in the US and banning banks from accepting payments for customers from exchanges and not allowing banks or CC companies to let their customers pay for bitcoins with their accounts....then bascially you have banned bitcoins in a country.
It would also drive the value of bitcoins down and relegate it to person to person only exchanges. Then if the government was feeling evil, they could make person to person exchanges illegal under some terrorism or money laundering law with fines and imprisonment. 
Yeah... it could be done.
How likely? 
Not so much.
@_date: 2014-03-31 18:52:28
Bitcoin is not mainstream yet.   Too much FUD, too many people dismiss it, not enough 'main street' businesses accept it, only a tiny fraction of the US population uses it.
Mainstream would be like Credit Cards.  Once Bitcoins are like where credit cards were in the late 1980's, then bitcoins would be concidered mainstream.   Once nearly everyone is using bitcoins.   
At the very least, make it 40-50% of the US population using bitcoins, not in the low single digits.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:16:05
I completely lost all train of thought when you mentioned Scarlet Johanssons boobs being available as an image online.  Off to search the tubes. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 23:18:27
If you read the article, it explained that the person could 'shake' the tag,lock in the bitcoin price, the screen will display a QR code they can scan then pay for the product right there in the isle. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 17:59:21
The problem is that many merchants can't afford to hang on to bitcoins or at least that is what I am hearing from the business owners calling into my radio show.
Most are saying they need the Dollars and can't afford to hold BTCs at all because the value of the BTC is too unstable.  An example I have is one merchant who runs a coffee shop in Minneapolis said he was holding about half the bitcoins he was receiving, hoping the value would keep going higher (this was when BTC was valued around $900 and hadn't hit the $1100 non-Gox value yet).   
When bitcoin started dropping, he still held on hoping for a rebound...but when prices dropped below $600, he sold all his holdings at a loss and contacted Coinbase to convert all bitcoins instantly to Dollars when someone pays in BTC.   He doesn't do any of the selling/converting of BTC himself anymore, especially as he has been 'burnt' once already and lost money holding onto bitcoins.
As a business, all their vendors accept only dollars, not BTC as payment, so regardless they still have to convert BTC to dollars.  Doing it instantly means they don't take any risk...and in small businesses, they have to minimize or eliminate as much risk as they can.  
I don't blame them and agree with their point of view.  This shouldn't be placed on the Merchants' shoulders to hold bitcoins and prop up the value.  This should be on the investors/holders of bitcoin to do.
@_date: 2014-05-23 18:50:17
I like your analysis.  Mind if I use it on my radio show?
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:00:26
Moh7 is right.  If you have looked into most banking regulations, it is to keep the banks in check.
You have regulations about treating customers fairly, about having corporate social responsibility, protecting banking confidence, how banks interact with each other, how to protect depositors, how the banks invest and so on.
Back in 1929, the mother of all banking panics occurred and people were jumping out of windows over their losses.  Step forward a few years and the government stepped in with a workable solution, involving both guarantees and oversight....Regulation. 
Now the 1929 crash and panic was limited because the government had setup depositor insurance.  To have this, however, banks are subject to regulations which are intended to keep them from abusing the fact that the government guarantees (to a point) each bank customer deposit.
Banks with government-guaranteed deposits (FDIC Insurance) are not allowed to engage in risky speculations that are the life-blood of investment banks like Lehman Brothers.
If we look at it realistically, this system of regulation has given us 50 years of (relative) financial stability. I point out, however, that it seems the lessons our history should have taught us have been forgotten. 
Today we have forms of banking without any government guarantees. In fact, we did a little deregulation of the banks in the 1990's and early 2000's.  If you recall the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, which repealed part of the Glass–Steagall Act of 1933 and allowed commercial banks, investment banks, securities firms, and insurance companies to consolidate.
Banks then were able to take on ever-greater risks after this deregulation, and thus human greed took hold which lead to the 2007 subprime mortgage financial crisis banking panic, with terrible consequences. 
If you remove *all* banking regulation, do you believe banks would stay the course or do you think they would jump into risks, screw over customers and generally do what they want?  I don't trust bankers, and I certainly wouldn't want to do business with a bank that doesn't have any regulations.
@_date: 2014-01-29 23:33:29
It's a one hour talk show call "Tech Talk" on an AM radio station in the upper plains.
@_date: 2014-01-27 18:16:27
Well I don't see a mass migration from bitcoins.  I was just responding of what is making bitcoins appealing to the majority of people right now.   Once the speculation on the wide and wild swings of the relative value of BTC settles down, then we will see more people using BTC for the currency aspect.  Either way, once someone is in, they normally are in for the long haul either with speculation trading or they are dabbling with speculation and using BTC as a currency.   
Sure there are people just using it to make a profit...and we have to thank those people for helping to drive the hype and get BTC in the news.  
Also, BTC isn't immune from abuses just like Fiat isn't either.  It wouldn't take more than a 51% double spending attack to shatter public confidence in BTC.   
@_date: 2014-04-02 14:00:53
The judge can just dismiss the argument such as what happened to Pirate40.
@_date: 2014-01-02 20:05:12
or $780 as it sits currently.
@_date: 2014-05-16 14:01:11
OH HELL YEAH!  I live in the US so I can't hear BBC Radio 1 live, but I did   download Pete Tong (Essential Selection) and the Essential Mix (from Er7Radio.net...when it was up) weekly.  I have every Essential selection and Essential mix from the very beginning of their shows until April 1 this year.  
I love the 24 hour party people as well.  Er7 used to have their shows recorded and I'd get them every so often.
@_date: 2014-01-22 06:23:12
Great and all but I just returned from CES and after seeing literally hundreds of companies showing off their smartphone cases and learning there really is nothing special about 99% of them, especially as most had some form of wood cases to sell, the only difference for carved is they accept BTC. 
@_date: 2014-04-01 19:48:14
The fact is, Bitcoin can't exist outside these channels.  Anything can be regulated or have a law placed on it.   Now as for people following that law or regulation...that's a whole different story.
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:29:12
True, hence why I mentioned tens of thousands...but lets say it is June 2014.  BTCs are worth ~$2000.  One day in June someone sells off 8,000 BTCs in one large lump.  Their entire wallet...and that person puts a note on the blockchain or here on why they sold off and that they are out...they just dumped their entire wallet.  
They claim they have inside knowledge that a US Congressman is going to attach a rider to an appropriations bill that is fairly certain to pass that would make Bitcoin Exchanges be considered illegal and declare the use of bitcoins be classified as “illegal and illicit” activity.  There are enough votes to pass the appropriations bill and the rider will be made into law as well.
Many here say he is nuts and laugh.   The price fluctuates a little as there is a smattering of selling.  Then Some other person with a large wallet (or a lot of people with smaller wallets) to sell off.
Then some blogs start carrying the news that this is true.  The rider is real and it was just attached to the bill.
The price of Bitcoins starts to fall fast and now others jump on the band wagon.
The Bill passes into law.
Bitcoins tank in price.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:37:53
If you are not technically competent enough to evaluate the risks and take control of your own private keys, you shouldn't be using bitcoins at all, (as you pointed out) and while we would have a lower price, we also wouldn't have news story after news story of people being defrauded or losing their investments.
If you don't understand something, you leave yourself open to being burned.
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:02:22
How is it pretentious that I mention I host a radio talk show?  My show is based on talking about technology.  Bitcoin is technology and I cover the good and based when is comes to technology.  I support Apple and Microsoft but I still report things like the iOS 7 issues or Microsoft's mishandling of their Windows 8.1 update bricking the Surface Pro 2.  So this is something I would cover.  That is fact, not pretention. Not many in the media are giving Bitcoin a fair shake and not are part of the bitcoin community.
If they are a non profit, it is not mentioned on there website anywhere like how any respect nonprofit would do.  Beyond that it is three kids and a website.  Not exactly something most laypeople would consider a true 'institute'
@_date: 2014-05-15 16:18:50
I still am upset with Beck over his comment that he hates the families of 9/11 victims (and he said he started hating them 1 year after 9/11).  
He may have had a revelation.  He may have changed his POV.  However, just saying "Yeah I said some stuff and I was a bone head" without actually apologizing for it doesn't fly with me, personally.   An honest apology is what I would need to hear from him.  Otherwise, what specifically is he apologizing for?  Does he still hold the same views he had before or not?   
A man who makes hateful comments on his daily radio show then comes back years later to give a non-specific, quasi-apology doesn't fly for me since he isn't apologizing for any specific comment...and you can take his apology to mean anything, for anything.   
Maybe it is too much to ask him to recant specific hate filled remarks.  But until he does, I don't accept any 'apology' and won't support him nor do I care that he supports Bitcoin.   Donald Rumsfeld could come out for bitcoin but that doesn't mean I'd be excited about it.
@_date: 2014-03-27 22:04:58
You and I both know that isn't true.  Stop being melodramatic.
@_date: 2014-02-08 22:27:57
You mean the private corporately run police.
But honestly, there is a difference between a company going belly up due to mismanagement and outright theft.  Libertarians wouldn't cry over a business going belly up, because free-market with no regulation. They would over outright theft.
@_date: 2014-01-29 23:02:04
Ok, let's step away from Drug dealing and terrorist plots.  How about using money laundering for illegal arm sales, extortion (protection money), blackmail, counterfeiting, fraud, and racketeering.  
There is a lack of need for money laundering if the money isn't 'dirty'
As for Arms Sales, I'm thinking of someone selling hundreds of AK-47's to iraqi insurgents, Anti-aircraft and anti-tank missiles to Chechnyan rebels, or missile components to North Korea.  We can agree those would be considered illegal and not exactly victimless.
Let's extend the Arms Sales example to this example:
An arms dealer, I'll call him Mel Profitt, finds a high ranking man in the US government who has facilitated arms sales to African warlords in the past.  Mel Proffitt has found a diplomatic communique that indicated the US official has done so and is threatening to expose that official, and destroy his family and reputation, unless that official passes along top secret documents and samples of black project weapons to Mr Profitt, who in turn will pass those documents and samples along to the Pakistani and Iranian government.   
Would anyone argue that Mel should be allowed to launder his money?
@_date: 2014-03-20 18:11:08
The problem is, he is pointing out the benefits of Bitcoin to someone who is the equivalent of help desk worker or someone who works the counter at McDonalds.  Telling them goes in one ear and out the other.  Most people working in these positions will never even pass on your suggestion to their manager, many managers will laugh it off or ignore it so it is extremely rare it will go up to the decision makers.
Save the Bitcoin PR push for the folks you know can make the call if the business/convention will take BTC as a form of payment.  Don't waste your time or the time of the basic helpdesk/front line email help desk folks.  
@_date: 2014-01-20 01:53:24
I have an HTC EVO 4G as well as an iPhone 4 and 5.  Some androids are easy to swap out batteries on.
@_date: 2014-02-21 00:55:04
Greedy people who KNEW the risk lost money. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:27:38
So basically, a statement with no substance.
This also feels like the Iraqi general saying "US Forces are not near Baghdad!"
@_date: 2014-05-06 23:52:12
I also have heard this but it (from what I hear) also applies to the equipment.  So the gloves, the training gear...etc.   They pay a fee so the UFC may want a cut too.
@_date: 2014-01-24 18:06:07
If I can play devil's advocate for a moment, I am not sure that a regular consumer would be too excited about 1-2% in savings.  
A $1 or $2 savings on a $100 purchase doesn't perk the interest of most folks, except perhaps those who are penny-pinchers or those who are living paycheck to paycheck. 
If a company wanted to drive interest in bitcoin payments, then a 10-40% savings would be the way to go...however then bitcoins becomes a loss-leader: a way to drive business towards a company even it they are taking a loss...but they can't operate at a loss continually so such savings would be a introductory measure.
I would like to say that Overstock and TigerDirect haven't given people that pay in Bitcoins a discount on their purchases and yet OS and TD are making steady revenue with people purchasing in bitcoins.  
As a sidenote: Home Depot allows customers to pay for their purchases, at the checkout counter, with a paypal account.  HD doesn't offer any incentive for this...it is simply another way for customers to pay.  
Really, bitcoin should just be another way for customers to pay for products or services.   The savings to merchants are what drives merchants to accepting bitcoins.  Asking merchants to split those savings is just being greedy.
@_date: 2014-01-09 08:09:56
Worthless fiat certainly buys a lot.  I can use 'worthless fiat' at the grocery store checkout counter to buy groceries.  I can't do that yet with bitcoins.  
I support bitcoins but let's not blindly start saying bluntly incorrect and silly things.
I wonder...are you paid in 'worthless fiat'?  You don't want your 'worthless fiat' feel free to give it to me or any other redditor.  
If you found, bought or were given a winning lotto ticket worth $50 Million in "worthless fiat" would you throw it away or cash it in. If you cash it in, then you are admitting fiat isn't worthless.
@_date: 2014-05-23 16:26:14
Really, you are going to throw the age card?  I'm probably the same age or older than you. 
Not to mention, you are insulting one of the ONLY person in the media who is consistently telling people the truth about bitcoins and dispelling the FUD being spread around!
It isn't like there are many kids that have their own radio talk show on the most listened to radio station in their region, and pulls in more listeners for their show's timeslot than any TWO FM or AM stations combined.  Each week, I talk about technology and answer listener questions....and each week I put in some information about cryptos.   
I advocated for Cryptos, specifically Bitcoins.  I support dogecoin because it is a good currency to get children interested in, because really it is not your generation, or my generation that will decide if crypto will stick around.  It is the next generation.  Those kids still in grade school or just starting middle school...they will decide later in life if they will use cryptos over Fiat..and bitcoin doesn't interest children.   A funny currency with a silly dog on it...that catches kids interest and then we can teach them how to use cryptos.
How do you further Bitcoins?  What do you do to help the community, other than be a jerk (which I hope you don't act like in real life to those who have not used or know nothing about bitcoin.)
So yeah, dogecoin can be training wheels for kids learning cryptos...but don't start calling everyone who supports both bitcoins and doge a child.   Especially one of the only friends bitcoin has in the media.
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:26:22
Libertarians should be happy.  They are seeing exactly what can happen in a Free-Market with little to no regulations. They should be happy and doing cartwheels, not threatening law suits.
@_date: 2014-01-27 18:59:58
Money laundering isn't exactly victimless. Money laundering can only take place after a predicate crime (such as drug dealing, or planning finances for a terrorist plot) has taken place. 
ML is used to 'clean' the 'dirty' money.  Take a drug dealer's money and filter it through a legit business, basically. If you didn't have the first crime (deal drugs) you don't have to launder the money (the second crime).
@_date: 2014-01-03 17:01:50
While this is a good question, you have to also understand it isn't just about what Bitcoins can do that other currencies can't.
Bitcoiners are, on the whole, computer savvy.  We understand technology more than the common layperson.  
The question should also include "What can be done to make Bitcoins more appealing and easier to understand?"  As well as "What can we do to make Bitcoins easier to use?"
I have a radio talk show on computers and technology, and I have talked about Bitcoins at various times but the majority of listeners calling in are not convinced Bitcoins are worth using and are skittish about the whole idea.   Those who are interested have said they like the idea of making money buying low/selling high, but question why they should use it as a currency.   The extra steps needing to take place to buy then use BTC makes some believe the convenience of their cards as a better option
I have found the common person doesn't see a reason to buy Bitcoins to then make a purchase of goods or services.  They don't understand what the point is when they can just use a CC or Debit card.  
There is a lot of mistrust and misinformation to the point that even if you explain Bitcoins to someone not familiar with them, that person still is very leery about jumping in.
It will take a lot of work to bring Bitcoins from the fringe to main stream/ Main Street.
@_date: 2014-02-21 00:58:43
Other exchanges were able to implement fixes in a week or so.  Gox halted BTC transfers out months ago, then halted fiat just weeks ago...now if you try to transfer small amounts of Fiat out you have a 20-30% chance of the transfer going through.
Something is wrong and either their coders are incompetent or management is incompetent....or criminal....or both.
@_date: 2014-02-01 20:55:20
Let me rephrase: "If you haven't committed a crime such as extortion, racketeering, blackmail, murder for hire, Illegal Arms Sales (like 100 AK-47's to Chechnyan  rebels or anti-aircraft missiles to Iran), fraud, bank robbery, identity theft, siphoning funds from a company, selling drugs...etc, then money laundering is of no benefit to the average person."
The difference is tor can be used for purposes other than hiding drug dealing and child pornography. The definition of money laundering is to make 'dirty' money gained from a crime, "clean" so the criminal can use the money without it being tied to the crime.   
I'm not getting into 'victimless' crimes or debating if certain crimes should even be illegal...that's a whole different discussion I won't even get into (and will ignore if brought up).  The fact is they are currently crimes regardless of how we view them.  The money gained from those crimes is 'dirty'.  You could use that dirty money but you have a high chance of it being traced directly back to you.  Cleaning it allows a criminal to put distance between the crime and the money and allows the criminal to use that money without fear of law enforcement tracing the money back to the crime.
There is also a difference between money laundering and the anti-money laundering laws.  My feeling is the laws unjustly make it difficult for regular people to access or move their own money.  However the act of laundering money is only useful to criminals.   
If you believe otherwise, please answer the following questions directly and honestly.
1) Why would you or any non-criminal, need to launder money?
2) How would money laundering be of use or benefit to any non-criminal?
3) Do you agree that Anti Money Laundering laws should be reformed to reflect current times (especial in regards to cryptocurrencies) and so AML laws do not put unnecessary burdens on common citizens?
4) Do you think criminals should be prosecuted for taking money gained from a crime and trying to hide it or use legit businesses to funnel that money through so the criminals can benefit from their crime? (Yes, they should be prosecuted for the crime that brought them the money...should they be also charged with trying to conceal the money?)
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:45:58
Probably 2% of the people surveyed, but as stated, not of the entire US....the math doesn't add up otherwise.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:04:54
I would ask, do the other exchanges have memes based on them?  "You got Goxed" meme was created in late 2010/early 2011...when BTC was still under $20 a coin.  Anyone on or Bitcointalk since 2010 could have told you (and there are hundreds if not thousands of posts on these two forums alone, let alone the multitude of news articles) that Gox was not stable and a house of cards.
The thing to learn would be to do research on the exchange before using it.
@_date: 2014-03-20 18:23:02
ONLY if Bitcoin become as big as Paypal or Credit Cards.  We are a long long long way from that being the case and even then Bitcoins are still not valid payment for debts.  CC, PayPal, Money Order, Cash, ACH are all forms of payment for USD.  Bitcoin is not hinged to the USD so businesses can refuse to accept them...just like many business will not accept PayPal payments.
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:49:34
I wouldn't go that far.   This is just one exchange of many.  If anything, this is showing the shortcomings of the Libertarian ideals of no regulations for businesses.  I'm not saying we need draconian regs, but some regulations to help this from happening again are needed.
I mean, honestly, most exchanges are just run by a small group of people with hardware, software and some funding.   They are saying "Hey, I'm a bank for your coins and a money Exchange!  Trust us!" but there is little recourse if they fail or run away with your money/coins.
@_date: 2014-01-29 22:46:35
If taxes are theft, the tell me how we as a people of any country would cover the costs of public schools, paying teachers, firemen, police, the DOT (for maintaining the roads in the summer and clearing them of snow in the winter), pay for the military, cover the costs of unemployment insurance, Medicare, Medicaid, national endowment for the arts, NASA, national parks, interstate highways, roads,  And the list goes on...
Do away with taxes and do away with all of that. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 19:16:40
However, the point is that unless the Vendors for the Merchant (or any of the other debts the Merchant has to pay...healthcare, taxes, water, gas, sewage, garbage, rent, electricity, accountant, payroll/employees) accept bitcoins, then the only reason a Merchant has to keep bitcoins is to speculate that those BTC will bring them increased profit in time.
That's the point.  BTC are of no use to the business to hang on to unless someone is willing to accept the bitcoins from them.
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:40:47
Fiat is easily as transferable at Bitcoin, now with electronic banking.  I can easily transfer funds from my checking account or savings account to a merchant on Amazon for their product just as easily as I can use Bitcoins to buy on overstock.com.
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:32:07
I remember some people saying when the price was shooting up past $800 to $1000 that we would see $10,000 by the end of 2013.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:39:47
JDNTX, just so you know, that mindset is pretty much how most of the world feels about Bitcoins.   It is this view that really is holding back bitcoin...the "Bitcoin is better than ANYTHING and you are all stupid for not seeing the world my way!" 
Also the feeling of "STOP LIKING THINGS I DON'T LIKE!" is coming through in your posts. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:23:17
Then I apologize if it came off that way.
@_date: 2014-04-01 22:41:48
@_date: 2014-01-21 19:20:26
Or the midwest...which pretty much is the same thing the majority of the time.
The problem is, for the US, unless the entire country is using it then BTC is relegated to niche status for the Large Metro areas.  Once BTC is accepted everywhere Credit or Debit cards are accepted, then I personally would consider it a "real" currency for my daily life.  I accept that BTC would be considered real currency for you and others like yourself now and I support that.  Just like the Euro is accepted everywhere in Europe, but not in the US...but is still a valid currency.
Until the day I can use it for paying all my debts directly in BTC without the need of some exchange or third party/middleman, it's just a means of making a Fiat Profit via speculation and a novel way of making some online purchases for me...and I would speculate that I wouldn't be the only one who feels the same way.
I support BTC.
I hope it does succeed and become as ubiquitous as CCs as an accepted form of payment.
It hasn't reached that point yet in a large majority of the country, nor does a large majority of the population use, wish to use, or trust BTC just yet.  One day, perhaps.  Today isn't that day. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 15:42:24
So you are unemployed (if you day trading) or underemployed (making less than 24K a year and daytrading at your job...or you work at night and daytrade during the day)?
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:08:25
As digitalh3rmit (I love that name....kudos), said.  It is possible that people are holding onto their coins, waiting for the market to move above $1000 again.  I certainly am.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:09:54
I am going to repost this as it speaks to the basic question " Why should we be patting the victims on the back and saying 'there, there.  It will be ok."  Sure they **don't** deserve to be laughed at, nor do they deserve to be insulted.  They made a mistake, but this is the real world, not little league where everyone gets a trophy for the effort of playing.  
I know it sucks that they lost money and I don't want to see anyone in that position!  However, nearly EVERYONE (especially anyone posting here) *KNEW* Gox was a game of musical chairs, and those who are now 'victims' are those who decided to try to make money right up until the end and were left without a chair to sit in (i.e. didn't leave Gox).  Their greed bit them in the ass.  This is an unregulated market. Heck the same thing could happen to anyone if they put all their money in the stock market, on a stock they did no research on (or ignored the warning for a huge payoff) and the stock tanked.  At least here, they had numerous warning signs.
Someone will bring out the argument that there were some innocent people who didn't know or didn't see the signs... however, any responsible adult who is going to invest their hard earned fiat into anything knows that doing so requires research, DIVERSIFICATION, and risk management.  
A person who wants to start day-trading doesn't just jump into the stock market and buy any stock...they do research and start learning about the market. They don't dump everything they have into one stock unless they are irresponsible.
So, yes, I blame the victims for being GREEDY and their greed came back to bite them. I'm not celebrating that fact, nor am I happy or smug about it....but I'm not ignoring it either.  A basic college level (or even some high schools) course in economics would cover the advice on how people could have avoided losing everything on Gox.   They took a risk and were burned.  That is life.
That said, anyone who is into making money by 'day-trading' bitcoin has visited some forum or read some articles to see if they could maximize their profits somehow and lower their risks. Adults don't normally invest money in a vacuum of information. 
Sure there are a few ignorant folks who will buy into an alpaca farm or purchase Amway products, I give you that. Fool born every minute and such, but most folks knew the history of issues with Gox.  Especially those who are posting here.
Since April (and before that even) people in the community have been tossing up red flags about Gox. When Gox halted withdrawals of USD Fiat from their exchange....that was a red flag. Then they halted BTC withdrawals. 
The signs were there but most of those caught up in this were GREEDY and because of that, they took a risk. They KNEW there was a risk, as pointed out by some in this thread who use/used Gox.
I have NO sympathy for those hit by this Mt Gox fiasco simply because...if I may paraphrase a quote: "They bought into GOX, they knew the risk...I say let them crash!"
It is a tough lesson but this is what can happen to an unregulated exchange, with no audits/oversight, escrow or third party to hold the fiat/BTC.  
They took the risk. They got burned.  They can complain (rightly so) but in the end, it was their own fault for continuing to use GOX.
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:14:54
The thing is, when it comes to online purchases, it would be nice to have an escrow feature for Bitcoins.  This way those who do have issues with an online merchant can get there BTC back if the merchant doesn't ship products, refuses to replace a damaged product, or for a dozen other reasons that have nothing to do with consumer fraud.
Now, to the OP's question, Bitcoins are not anonymous.  This has been repeated stated over and over.  The blockchain is an open ledger for anyone to view.  We have threads of those who were following the actions of people who have stolen (the silk roads 2.0 theft as an example) BTCs in the past.
Prepaid giftcards purchased with cash are more anonymous than Bitcoins. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 09:46:15
If they get over 51% AND start screwing around with double-transactions, scaring people away from BTC, the rest of the alt currencies are going to take a hit (if not a fatal hit) too.  Public opinion will have Alt currencies in the negative and the faith in crypto currencies will have crashed before it could even get out of the nest and fly.
@_date: 2014-05-23 17:05:48
Which is fine to do and more power to you and your mining.   The fact is, you can't change the world on your own and being a jerk to everyone else who is helping bitcoin in their own way, especially those having a greater impact than yourself, isn't the best way to go about 'helping' bitcoin succeed. 
@_date: 2014-01-28 21:57:56
Well if he worked with SR, it probably won't matter to the government lawyers or the court if he knew that everyone was going to use the Bitcoins bought on SR for illegal drugs.   Just the fact that he was part of SR and that coins bought there were used for illegal drug purchases is probably enough but I'm not a lawyer so who knows. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 23:03:37
But honestly, not many do this.   If people were forced to use a new address every time, then you are right it would be a solved issue, however humans are normally 'lazy' and take short cuts/easy paths whenever they can.
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:53:17
I am active in both Dogecoin and Bitcoin but I have to say a large number of those posting on make me feel as if they re-read all the Ayn Rand books over and over.
The Dogecoin community seems that they like to do things...charitable things...for others.   I honestly don't remember seeing a news article about how got together to donate to any charity.  
As time goes on, I am less and less willing to promote Bitcoin on my radio show.  This community has fallen into the "F* you, I got mine!" mindset.  I also am taken back with the 'we are going to undermine the US Government!' and 'Let's all cheat on our taxes' line of thinking.
If that is what Bitcoin represents (or this is how the main users represent Bitcoin), then I'm afraid that I will no longer be able to support Bitcoin or recommend it to anyone without mentioning how the majority of bitcoin users think.  
@_date: 2014-02-21 23:08:31
Why should I feel bad for the 'victims'?   I know it sucks that they lost money, but honestly EVERYONE knew Gox was a game of musical chairs, and those who are 'victims' are just those who tried to make money right up until the end and were left without a chair to sit in (i.e. didn't leave Gox)
Please don't bring out the arguement that there were some innocent people who didn't know....any *responsible* adult who is going to invest their hard earned fiat into anything knows that doing so requires research. A person who wants to start day-trading doesn't just jump into the stock market and buy any stock...they do research and start learning about the market.
So, yes, I blame the victims for being GREEDY and their greed came back to bite them.  I'm not celebrating that fact, but I'm not ignoring it either, and will be saying so on my radio show tomorrow.
Seriously folks, anyone who is into making money by 'day-trading'  bitcoin has visited some forum or read some articles to see if they could maximize their profits somehow and lower their risks.  Adults don't normally invest money in a vacuum of information.  Sure there are a few ignorant folks who will buy into an alpaca farm or purchase amway products, I give you that.  Fool born every minute and such, but most folks knew the history of issues with Gox.
Since April (and before that even) people in the community have been tossing up red flags about Gox. When Gox halted withdrawals of Fiat from their exchange....that was a red flag. Then they halted BTC withdrawals. Now it is reported that 75-80% of those trying to get Fiat out are unable to do so, unless it is a very small amount.
The signs were there but most of those caught up in this were GREEDY and because of that, they took a risk. They KNEW there was a risk, as pointed out by some in this thread who use/used Gox.  
I have NO sympathy for those hit by this Mt Gox fiasco simply because...if I may paraphrase a quote: "They bought into GOX, they knew the risk...I say let them crash!"
@_date: 2014-05-13 15:14:05
CeX is scrubbing their Facebook comments.  Most of the negative comments are being erased/removed.
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:18:02
This is the one thing I love about bitcoins but dislike about CCs: Companies that have your CC # can initiate a transaction without your consent and you are left trying to sort things out.
With Bitcoins, they can't withdraw anything...you have to initiate the transfer to them.  
(That said, it will be interesting to see how you can setup automatic bill pay like a mortgage or rent with a bitcoin wallet...)
@_date: 2014-05-06 23:59:13
The thing is the way you see MMA is the way a minority of the people see MMA.  Most see it as a blood sport and it has a much worse reputation than boxing.   MMA fighters are seen as thugs and bullies.  The kind that start fights in bars just to have fun.  It is a very ill deserved reputation born out by just a few bad eggs. 
However MMA is marketed as a blood sport.  How often do you see MMA commercials with a man with blood streaming down his face or a man face down on a blood spatter mat, tapping his surrender?  You want to associate bitcoin with this?
@_date: 2014-01-23 19:39:05
I have bought from tiger direct for years.   My last 5 self built computers, 3 laptops, 2 TVs, 2 tablets and various accessories have been from them.   Never had an issue, always got my rebates in a very timely fashion.
Ymmv but I am happy with TD
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:51:20
You keep using the work "Shill" and I don't think it mean what you think it means.   
The man pointed out what Kraken does security-wise.  I think it's pretty cool, I wouldn't use Kraken but it's still good info. 
I work in the IT industry and the radio industry so I have met and worked with a lot of different people over the years but I have to say I don't often run into a native English speaking person who actively and knowingly uses words out of context.  Normally, they are folks who are angry at the world and like to name call with terms they don't fully understand how to use.   
Perhaps it isn't that you don't understand the meaning of the word.  Perhaps it is just the fact that the word sounds damaging, by calling someone a shill, proof be damned that the person actually is a shill.
If someone just called you a racist, just because it sounds damaging but they had no proof you are, well hey that's ok because who needs proof...just call anyone anything!
Lets look at histories for a moment.  compared to ....well nearly every comment you make you are downvoted .  ikmoikmo has an average positive/negative mix.  So what do that say when the community itself has basically declared you as a problem/troll and ikmoikmo as a part of the community?
Look in the mirror.   The problem isn't the world, pal.  
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:00:09
BitPay isn't stifling the adoption of Bitcoin.  They are trying to stay away from having the DEA doing a swat-style raid and taking all the servers/computers/paperwork from BitPay's offices and basically shutting them down.
States may make MJ dispensaries legal, but the Feds haven't and the DEA is still shutting down dispensaries and businesses that work with dispensaries.
PayPal and most banks won't do business with the dispensaries...why should BitPay stick their corporate necks out for the Feds to potentially (and probably) chop off? 
@_date: 2014-02-24 16:59:21
I'll be honest...it was cheaper to fly commercial...a lot cheaper.  But being in control of my own aircraft and the fact that I love flying..well that makes it worth the cost in my book.
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:46:59
And what is stopping the DEA and Feds from seizing that company's assets?  
Paypal, Bitpay and Coinpay are all staying away from the dispensaries and few banks will touch them either.
There is a reason beyond the 'morality' issue.   It has to do with the fact that they don't want to deal with the DEA or Federal Government/Courts over this.
@_date: 2014-01-09 09:43:27
Not to mention splitting Ghash into two pools accomplishes nothing.  On the surface everyone would say "Hey, Ghash split themselves up! Crisis avoided!"  But if there was malicious intent, the two pools could still conspire together.
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:16:59
Like rush limbaugh institute for advanced conservative studies?
@_date: 2014-01-14 22:42:16
I suppose if that exchange was only done business with companies in that state and no other states it may work but then again we run into the fact that the exchange still has to register with the FTC as a currency exchange and obey federal laws... so since I'm not a lawyer I'm unable to answer that question with any authority.
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:43:31
No, it was just one of many possible scenarios.  Someone dumps 20,000 bitcoins for no reason.  Someone else drops a few thousand coins and and then Market Psychology takes effect. 
Someone with a large enough wallet could, in theory, tank the market.  More likely it would be a snowball effect.
It would be more likely of someone with 9,000 or so bitcoins dropping their wallet, then a few others with a few thousand bitcoins dropping their wallets....then a whale seeing the price plummeting drops his wallet.
Now we are off to the races.
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:23:38
No, I have to correct you. There is, however, no federal statute that a private business, a person, or an organization must accept **currency or coins** as for payment for goods and/or services. 
Physical money can be refused by any business or private citizen as compensation for a legal debt.  Those companies and people still could accept Check, Credit Card, Money Order, Wire Transfer, Online bill pay, Paypal, or some other median used to exchange intangible dollars for debts.
@_date: 2014-03-20 17:31:46
So basically, we are ripping off the currently used symbol for the US Dollar, "$"
Yeah, Nothing says "Bitcoin is completely independent from all other currencies" like ripping off another currency's symbol.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:40:02
The matter of 'when' would be after the US Government takes a stance on bitcoin instead of dancing around the subject.  The regulatory agencies need to man up and just get the regulations out of the way.
Right now, companies like Amazon see Bitcoin being a bit too 'up-in-the-air' in regards to laws and regulations and until such time that the government makes a decision on how to handle Bitcoins, Amazon is more than likely going to not accept BTC for payment.
@_date: 2014-04-11 19:32:28
Cool. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-05-23 16:44:32
OK, if you are going to be pedantic about this, then let me rephrase: I am on of the only people in the media that is a staunch and reliable supporter of bitcoin and cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:34:35
Calling it an institution is just silly.  It's three guys with a website.  It is like having a "Stephen Hawking Institute", and SH has done more for science than SN ever has.  
@_date: 2014-05-15 17:05:36
At least they have "accepts bitcoin" for some categories.  I'd wait to call them bastards until they removed it all together.  
@_date: 2014-04-02 14:16:36
Doesn't change the facts of the case.  
@_date: 2014-02-21 23:13:47


Uh, noooo.  That is not the reason other exchanges peg BTC at a higher value.  Your statement is based on the assumption that Mt. Gox prices are the norm and the rest of the exchanges are overvalued (5x Markup on other exchanges) but it is quite the opposite.
The other exchanges value of BTC is the 'realistic' average, but GOX prices have dropped because people who still have BTC in Gox are panicking.   They are selling their BTC at whatever they can get at this point just so they can pull fiat money out just in case Gox goes tits up.   Better to have $100 of the $1000 you invested than nothing.
That's why Gox prices have dropped to around $100 a coin.   The '5x markup' on the other exchanges is what Gox would be trading at (in fact Gox was trading BTC at 10% higher than the other exchanges on average when it was still a real exchange) today had Gox been able to weather whatever storm they ran into (be it government seizing assets, hackers, incompetence, mismanagement or theft).
@_date: 2014-06-09 21:46:55
A better example, Somalia from 1991 to 2012.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:56:18


Why?   Almost everyone on has some bitcoins be it fractions of a coin or multiple coins.   It would be like going to a sub on model trains or a sub on corvettes and being shocked that someone has a model train or a corvette. 


Why?  Because some of us have disposable income or have a hobby that is nothing but a money sink?   I am a private pilot and own my own Beechcraft Baron 58P.  That is a serious money sink with all the fees, maintenance and operational expenses, but I don't mind and it doesn't affect my long term finances.  It is part of my disposable income.   The amount of bitcoins, if converted to fiat, have wouldn't even fill the fuel tank of my Baron.   I don't bring this up to brag, (as you no doubt will try to twist this as) but to demonstrate the amount of bitcoins I own is minimal and I have much more expensive hobbies that literally is like flushing money down the toilet or setting it on fire. I still have a healthy retirement fund.


Again, you don't explain, you just name call.   I have explained what I have in bitcoin isn't going to make me rich and isn't intended to.  I don't day trade like some, and I don't even check the value of BTCs.  It doesn't matter to me.   It seems to matter a great deal to you, however.


Your definition of a 'shill' is honestly very silly and I am doubting many people here, if any, take what you say seriously.  
Keep up the hate.  I'm sure that will get you far in a community that pretty much has soundly rejected you.
@_date: 2014-01-28 02:28:08
Ok, weed is illegal. I don't believe it should be, but I am not going to start selling it because of my stance nor would I start saying that we should make money laundering legal to make it easier to hide my dirty money.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:33:31
Yep!  Just pay the landing fee and tiedown fee and refueling cost
@_date: 2014-03-31 21:34:42
First, please don't call me 'son'.  I'm not a child (by many many years) and not related to you.  It is slightly insulting.
Second, how is saying that the more mainstream bitcoins becomes, the less it will hold to the core ideals it was built around?   Look at anything that goes 'mainstream' and you will see that it hardly ever holds on to it's core 'beliefs'.
I mentioned my own beliefs in the first and second paragraph.  
The third paragraph would basically make rational sense.  Bitcoins will be regulated by the US Government at some point, especially if it starts to go 'main stream'  just like credit cards were in the mid 1980's.   
The vast majority of Americans don't want nor do they support Libertarian ideals...that's not opinion either.  I don't really know what you are talking about (getting facts straight) but honestly, I'm not going to be around to discuss it with you anyway as I'm off shift in the next 30 minutes and I'm headed home to do a little Battlefield 4 online.
@_date: 2014-05-13 14:07:51
A British second-hand exchange is replacing the pound with virtual currency Bitcoin for three days in one of its stores, making it the first retail outlet in the UK to let customers receive the virtual coins for products.
CeX, the high street chain that buys, sells and exchanges technological and electronic products, is switching from the pound to digital currency Bitcoin exclusively in its store in the Sauchiehall area of Glasgow. 
While using Bitcoin to buy products is becoming increasingly common in stores and online in the UK, CeX will be the first outlet to pay out in the currency, meaning customers can earn the currency for the first time, by selling goods.
David Butler, commercial director at CeX said: 'It's really exciting to be at the centre of such an innovative trial. 
'In our store, the staff and customers live and breathe technology so it's only appropriate we looked at Bitcoin as a way for our customers to buy and sell electronic goods.
Not only does Bitcoin have a number of security and access benefits, but it is also gaining popularity amongst consumers the world over.
'While we are temporarily dropping the pound from our Glasgow store, at a time when Scottish Independence is high up on the news agenda, we are doing so to give customers a choice in how they trade with us.'
Bitcoin is an entirely virtual currency that works without the need for a central bank, and can be sent over the internet. 
Coins are transferred directly from person to person and are kept in a digital wallet that can be accessed on a computer or mobile device.
Creating new coins is done through a process called 'mining' where users are rewarded with new coins for verifying transactions that take place.
The process is open source and can therefore be used by anyone, with more and more mainstream businesses now accepting the currency as a form of payment. 
According to a report by The Why Forum, the number of Bitcoin transactions globally have increased tenfold in the last year, and are now worth more than £40 million.
Several pubs as well as some taxi companies around the UK have begun to accept the currency as a means of paying for goods. 
Part of the scheme is designed to highlight the pressing issue of Scottish independence, with the country going to the polls in September to vote on leaving the UK. 
CeX says this trial will offer an opportunity to show that the country could manage without the pound. 
Technology expert and writer Benjamin Cohen said: 'Interest and curiosity around peer-to-peer electronic payments and digital currencies is at an all time high because there are compelling benefits for both the merchant and consumer. 
'CeX's introduction is a reflection that the demand is there and also poses the question, do we need cash? CeX is giving its consumers a genuine way to test that theory. I'm eager to see the results of the trial.'
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:56:03
No, Bitcoin does not have worth because it is scarce.  There are many things that are scarce but have little to no worth.  Worth is gained from people wanting it.  If I have a bag of bread and a bag of hundred dollar bills, the bag of bread has little worth to someone who is well fed but the bag of money is of great worth to them.   Lets say we visit the same man five years after a large scale nuclear war and he is offered the two bags.  The bag of bread is worth a lot but the bag of hundred dollar bills is nearly worthless to him.
@_date: 2014-01-28 23:36:06
He isn't just criticized the little guy,  or turning a blind eye.   He said it doesn't matter what the amount is.  Wrong is wrong.  
Just because he didn't go on some rant and rave over wall street crooks is not the same as him turning a blind eye.   He just didn't see a need to bring them up as they are not part of the conversation.
You  clearly have an ax to grind and it seems that smearing someone is a valid argument tactic in your book.  
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:16:20
Ah, so it was good to point out bitpay works that all out for him so he doesn't have to worry about that.  Good job!
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:08:04
Brilliant as they may be, (and I don't know them so I will rely on your judgement), this is no more than what would be, in all appearances to any layperson, a club. 
Calling it an Institution is making it sound as if they attempting to impress people with the name to make it seem as if they have this massive non-profit they are working for/with, when it's just three friends and a website which is the definition of being pretentious.
It's a club.  With a website (that has some great information). I'd love to help promote something like this on my talk show but I honestly won't be able to talk about this in the serious way it should be done.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:08:20
So how is the Bitcoin Protocol a confidence scheme/scam?  
You also didn't answer my question.  Do you code?  Have you looked at the open source bitcoin protocol?  Do you understand the technology at all?
My thoughts are, "No".
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:54:54
Not so. Businesses and private individuals are not required to take physical "Legal Tender". There is no federal law requiring a business or private citizens to take physical USD for any debts. United, Delta and Allegent airlines won't take cash for any in-flight goodies. That's not a debt though, just an exchange of goods for tender.
However, many apartment complexes will not take cash, only card or check.  THAT is a debt and no one says anything to them about not accepting cash.   Same with many utilities (you have to pay for the electricity you used last month...debt) but they only accept card, check, or online bill pay.
According to the United States Department of the Treasury’s site, there is no federal law requiring that businesses accept currency or coins as payment for goods or services. 
In fact, according to the government Web site: “Private businesses are free to develop their own policies on whether or not to accept cash unless there is a state law which says otherwise. For example, a bus line may prohibit payment of fares in pennies or dollar bills. In addition, movie theaters, convenience stores and gas stations may refuse to accept large-denomination currency (usually notes above $20) as a matter of policy.”
According to your post, I can offer to pay my electric company $50 in cash to cover last month's electric bill, if they refuse, I can go to a judge and have the debt expunged?  Yeah, not happening.  However they DO have to accept the non-physical 'dollar', hence the check or credit card or online bill pay.  
Please point to the specific Federal law that requires businesses to accept physical money if offered and if the business refuses, the debtor can have the debt expunged.
@_date: 2014-05-15 17:01:58
Only thing I would have to say to that is: the Dorsey Brothers, Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Glenn Miller, Gene Krupa, Artie Shaw and Chick Webb.  
"It Don't Mean a Thing", "Caravan", "Stompin' at the Savoy", "Sing Sing Sing", "Take the A-Train", "Pennsylvania 6-5000", "Cherokee", "One O'Clock Jump", "All the Things You Are", "In the Mood", "Woodchopper's Ball"....I could go on but you get the point. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:11:49
I like your enthusiasm but lets look at this logically.  These are essentially businesses that deal in selling a product to a customer.  
They have debts to take care of (outflow/overhead) like paying their employees, benefits, monthly bills to pay (rent/mortgage, utilities, electricity), taxes and vendors to pay.
Their income is sales of said product.  
While I doubt that most brick and mortar business would be doing a large volume of their sales in bitcoins, it does take money out of the income/payment cycle and thus businesses have a growing lump sum of BTC that might or might not cover their costs (if bitcoin values drops or rises).  
Some business owners might welcome the risk involved if they have capital to bail them out if the risk goes bad, but a lot of small businesses are treading water or just barely profitable and need to minimize risk whenever possible.
Converting BTC into USD immediately is the best option for them.  The ones I have spoken to would rather take the cash than hold onto BTCs in hopes of making a profit, if they accepted BTCs in the first place.
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:17:19
In that, I agree.  The response could have been worded more wisely, with more tact.  
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:03:00
At this point, I will return to the idea that since you are unable or unwilling to debate facts and revert to simply use name calling as well as libelous statements, it feels as if you are trolling.  
In any case, I believe I have proven my points.  You have failed to prove a single one of yours.  This exchange is basically done.  Have a good weekend.
@_date: 2014-02-06 17:49:41
I snorted.  +1
@_date: 2014-01-02 20:45:00
A single news story can cause the value of Bitcoins to soar or tumble but having someone flood the market with tens of thousands of coins and the market wouldn't be affected at all?
@_date: 2014-02-05 17:04:25
Ok, but did you look at the survey results? 
79% of those surveyed have never and would never use alt currencies like bitcoins
80% surveyed would rather own Gold
38% believe bitcoin hurts the US Dollar
Only 33% of those 18-24 believe bitcoin helps the US dollar
Only 15% of those 18-24 would rather own bitcoins than gold.
Just because they have heard of it doesn't mean they like it...we need to do a lot of work folks and start changing the view people have about bitcoins.  The media isn't helping us here for the most part.  We need to step up and start telling people the truth, clear up misconceptions and basically be ambassadors for bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:39:08
I'm a 'nerd' (I prefer Alpha-Geek), and I agree with you.  There are those who contribute much more to society than we nerds and geeks ever will.  
Society functioned for years without computer geeks and nerds and would still do so if something like an EMP or solar flare took out all electronics. I think, even as a geek, that construction workers, police, firemen, electricians, plumbers and automotive mechanics contribute as much or more than we geeks do.  
We certainly have found/created our place in society, but let us not forget, we are not at the top and should not have the arrogance to assume we are more important to society than a police officer or an electrician.
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:44:25
While I agree with you, the experience I have in regards to telling people about bitcoins and hearing their responses has been on the radio.  I have a 1 hour radio talk show that I do about technology (answering people's questions, informing them of tech news and going in-depth on different topics related to computers and technology) and the response I have had from my listeners has been as I stated.
I find that the more technologically savvy someone is, the more likely they are to understand and support bitcoins.   Basically, if they can fix their own computer, they accept and support bitcoins.  If they need someone to answer technology related questions for them and have others fix their PC, they either are against or have no interest in bitcoins.
That is a broad brush, sure, and there are exceptions... but overall this has been my findings.
@_date: 2014-03-31 21:26:33
No, I'm not dissading you from doing your own thing.  I'm just saying that  you shouldn't expect a whole lot of people to jump on board the same train of thought.
@_date: 2014-01-10 01:49:41
I actually put the marketing director on the spot in front of a few people with "buyer" badges.  I asked of it was company policy to take customer Money and keep the paid for products for company mining use until they were next to worthless and then send the mining products to the customer.  He sputtered and got red in the face and told me I was being rude.  I replied that it was rude to do that to the customers  and I was asking a legit question bases on multiple consumers saying they got their rigs far after the date when the difficulty level of hashing increased to the point the machines were basically worthless.   The buyers walked away and so did I, leaving him pretty pissed off.   Seriously no lie.
@_date: 2014-01-22 13:36:51
I wish, but I don't control that aspect of the business.  I suggested it to our business manager and marketing manager however.
@_date: 2014-03-25 13:56:58
You did VERY well defending bitcoins, keeping your cool, and providing corrected information all without causing a PR incident. Judging by the insulting comments you have received and your replies, you live by the 'breath and count to 10" rule, don't you?
I just gave you a little support on your facebook page.  I would purchase from HJB, but I collect foreign coins and paper notes that are not "rare" and don't tend to cost more than $50. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:40:17
WHY in hell would you even think about putting money into Gox at this point!?!   
They don't allow withdrawals of BTCs or Fiat.  If you put money into Gox you can't get it out...it's a one way street.  If Gox is already insolvent, by  still allowing people to 'buy in' with real Fiat, they are taking your money knowing you will never get it back in any form.
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:48:57
First, the margins on gas is razor thin.  I highly doubt you would ever see a $0.20 off gas for using BTCs.  I know you would have a rebuttal about the X cents of per gallon coupons, but those are loss leaders to drive business to the gas station. 
Moving on, nearly all the companies I have seen in my area accepting BTC do not offer any incentives for those using BTCs.   There are no discounts, nor are their any perks. It is just another way to pay for product or services.
The companies are pocketing the extra money, which I think is quite acceptable.  I'd rather the company make an extra 2% profit (from lower transaction fees than CCs), than they offer me a 2% discount on their products or services.  
@_date: 2014-01-30 21:48:34
No offense is intended in my next words and I respect your opinion, but I do not believe that the "central bank-controlled U.S. Government" arrested Shrem in a grandiose fashion.   I believe that the agency arrested him at the airport because he had just landed back in the US from giving a speech in Amsterdam.  It isn't uncommon to arrest people the moment they get off a plane if they were overseas and an arrest warrant was issued during that time.
I seriously, but respectfully, doubt that it is as much of a conspiracy as you believe it is.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:30:36
Really?  "The Satoshi Nakamoto Institute"? 
Please tell me this is tongue-in-cheek.   It is cool that you put together some information and writings.  It really is.   But the name is just so pretentious.   It's three friends with a website and one is calling himself "President".  No one takes that seriously.  
I try to support Bitcoin on my radio show, but things like this I just have to either completely ignore or am forced to mention because of how ridiculous it is (Not the compilation of material, but the 'institute' and 'president' thing).   
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:07:57
All it takes to get near zero is the US, China, UK and Russia to declare it illegal for any business to accept cryptocurrency as payment for goods or services and refuse any cryptocurrency exchange's request to be licensed as a money transmitter.   Likelyhood is small but this is all it would take to basically kill off cryptocurrencies as a viable payment system.
If businesses can't accept them and it is nigh impossible to put money into a reputable exchange for BTC or to get money from an exchange for your BTC, then that drives away the investors and businesses.
Now BTC is relegated to mainly the second and third world countries...and the black market...and there goes the general public as the media will report that "Hey, we were right!  Bitcoin is really only good for buying things like drugs on the black market!"
Again, slim chance it would happen but possible.
@_date: 2014-06-10 01:17:04
Were they widely accepted and are in common use today like Alcohol is/was?  If so, I've missed that.
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:13:08
Then everyone would be charged a toll to use that infrastructure, even after it is paid off or that fee would be included in every single purchase for goods/services even after the infrastructure is paid for.
I like the current way things are, thank you.   Companies are not benevolent and there is a long history of how companies treat their workers with little to no regulations/laws in place.   Just look back in time and that's what you get with Libertarianism.
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:40:10
I didn't know that.   I've been working between the radio station and doing onsite repair work for networks today so I haven't had much chance to see what's happening on the interwebs.
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:39:54
Some of the comments below the article are silly as hell.  
Also, the author of the article is confusing Bitcoin with Altcurrencies.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:51:13
I thought it was "Can't we all just share a bong" 
(Ok, ok, old joke.)
@_date: 2014-04-01 22:41:35
Agreed.  It isn't an outright ban.  Semantics but you are completely correct. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 18:46:46
I convinced my boss to pay me 10% of my paycheck to my bitcoin wallet, after taxes.  I'm a senior network engineer and radio host so this is relevant to my interests
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:51:25
Planes run from 10k on up.  A good used double seater will run you around $12k- $15k.
Good luck and I hope you join the pilot brotherhood!
@_date: 2014-05-23 18:13:40
1) 
2) 
3) 
Not sure what else you want.
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:11:24
Well, talking about the ignorant, I'm finding that after explaining Bitcoins to those who haven't used it before and only heard of it on nightly news stories, people say "So I buy bitcoins then go to an online store to buy something with bitcoins....why don't I just use my debit card?" 
When you explain bitcoins are more secure, they shrug and say that it sounds like a hassle when they just have to pull out their cc or debit card to make a purchase...and more retailers accept cc and debit cards than bitcoins.
Overall, I've found a vast majority of regular people being turned off or don't want to us bitcoins as currency.   They are interested in using bitcoins as a commodity and buying low/selling high to make a fiat money profit.
@_date: 2014-01-29 23:16:28
I said nothing about libertarians and know less than that about them.
You also didn't answer the question.  If taxes are evil and should be abolished, how do you propose to pay for any of those things I listed.
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:30:57
Ok, let's step away from Drug dealing and terrorist plots.  How about using money laundering for arm sales, extortion (protection money), blackmail, counterfeiting, fraud, and racketeering.  
There is a lack of need for money laundering if the money isn't 'dirty'
@_date: 2014-02-21 22:10:56
The other point to make is that the Bitcoin network maxes out at 7 transactions a second and isunder 1 transaction a second now (70,000 transactions a day compared to 86,400 seconds a day).  The Visa network handles on average, 2000 transactions a second and can max out at 10,000 transactions a second.
The devs need to take the hard limits off the block sizes (Max of 1mb per block every 10 minutes, dividing by the average size of transactions is 7 transactions a second) before any sort of Bitcoin Card can be widely used.
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:45:48
Good on spreading the Bitcoin Gospel (so to speak).   I think it is commendable that you shared that (limited but useful) information with a business... but as pointed out, there is a long road between "Hey, thanks for the info, we will look into this and set it up" and the actual feat.
Another point to make, it is also helpful to explain bitpay and coinbase services to businesses when you have their ear.  Sometimes they don't have the time/drive to google "BitPay" and research it themselves.  Not always but it makes good practice if you did this often enough to have a little information about how to setup and use a bitpay account for businesses if you make the suggestion they accept bitcoins.
Again, good job.  Better would be to post the company, a link to their market and have the rest of us start sending requests that they accept bitcoins as well. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 15:02:31
they are doing a three day trial of accepting/paying in bitcoins only if I read the daily fail article right.
@_date: 2014-01-29 22:53:31
AML is a way to make it hard for criminals to hide money they have gained illegally.   I keep repeating this over and over: there are no reasons to launder money if said money is not 'dirty' from a crime.   
Now there is a difference between the laws against laundering money (which, I admit can be over the top at various points) and the act of laundering money.
In this case, if you haven't committed a crime you do not need to launder money. There are two motives for laundering money: avoiding suspicion from law enforcement and avoiding detection by law enforcement.  Only criminals need to clean their money.  I have no problems with sane AML laws. (I have a few nitpicks point on aml laws but more on that later)
That said, I don't agree with some parts of AML laws in the US, like the reporting of and all the paper work involved in taking out $10,000, or more, of your own cash from a bank.  The laws are not perfect, but they are what we have and I don't see the laws harming many innocent people.  
Now there are three reason I can see that those who really like bitcoin are against AML:
1) The simple nature of Cryptocurrency is to hide the identity of those involved in a transaction. In this, AML could possibly be used to shut down sites like MTGOX and make the use and transfer of BTC illegal.   I would be against this and thus lobby for lawmakers to update the AML laws.
2) There maybe those who are using BTC and are also criminals, from the neighborhood drug dealer to the white collar accountant, they want to use BTC to hide their illegally obtained profit, and hiding behind the merits of BTC gives them a way to voice their opinion against AML laws yet deflect the real reason they want AML laws abolished.
3) The big government conspiracy and tinfoil hat crowd.  Anything the government does is suspect, all laws are wrong at some level and anyone saying otherwise is an enemy.
I feel you probably are like me and fall into the first category.  I personally would want AML laws to be updated so cryptocurrencies, and those using them, are not attacked by them simply because of their nature. 
Looking at Liberty Dollars and how AML were used against that 'currency', it stands to reason that AML laws could easily be used against anyone who dabbles in BTC and other cryptocurrencies, hence we need AML law reform, not abolishment.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:20:44
Only if you have claimed any FIAT profits from bitcoins as capital gains in the past, (even if you just sold, then bought back in right away).  
The IRS are sticklers for consistency like that.
@_date: 2014-01-02 20:04:24
First, Bitcoin is at $780 currently so it would be worth $7800 at a 10x growth, not $10,000
Second, like I pointed out in another post, people were saying with complete belief and faith that Bitcoins were going to hit $10,000 each by the end of 2013.
All it takes is someone with thousands of bitcoins to sell off a portion or all of their bitcoins to tank the price. They flood the market and the value goes from $780 to $200 or less in a few hours.
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:29:24
I doubt it will move prices much.   "But unlike bitcoin processors that typically charge merchants one percent or less to change bitcoin into a local currency, Square is charging its merchants the 2.75 percent typical of credit card purchases, a spokeswoman said"
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:45:53
Article headline doesn't match the article's content.  In fact the author quotes only one "Business Expert" Chris Dixon who concedes that purchasing bitcoins is a speculative investment and he only owns less than one bitcoin himself, but gave away some as christmas presents for his family. That and his company "puts its money into software companies and not into currency speculation."
Dixon also says: “Probably the best investment in computer history would have been buying domain names in 1993,” said Dixon. “Better than Amazon. Better than Google.”
I tend to think investing in IBM, CRAY, Microsoft, Apple or Yahoo! stocks when they first were issued and hanging on to them (well at least the first ones...the last one should have been sold years ago for max profits) would have been one of the better, if not the best investment in computer history.   
Perhaps Bitcoins might be if you limit "computer history" to the last 5-10 years
@_date: 2014-01-14 19:24:23
I can tell you what will drive the downward march if we don't get things sorted with gHash....FUD from the media over a successful double payment attack and the financial talking heads doing their gloating and "I told you so" BS on the news.
Upward surge?  News that Amazon or another big name business is accepting bitcoins.  News that the US Senate passed a law protecting or defining bitcoins in a positive way.
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:13:28
Ah, but even if some things shouldn't be illegal, they still are illegal.
Regardless if you believe they should be legal, if you are serving the 'market' for them and need to hide from the authorities then you are breaking the law and thus money laundering should still be illegal.
I understand your point, however you agree if someone is breaking a law that they believe shouldn't be on the books, they still are breaking that law and thus, per living in a society, should be willing to accept being prosecuted for those crimes.
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:06:08
Of course bitcoiner want the price to reach $10,000 in 2014. I want my stock portfolio to reach 200% growth in 2014 too.
Doesn't mean that either is realistic.
@_date: 2014-01-23 19:34:45
Laws or perhaps regulations they have to negotiate?   Sometimes companies have separate divisions for each country and that team has to approve changes to their version of the site.  Also America could be the test bed for this.
This is all just speculation of course
@_date: 2014-01-09 09:39:49
That seems counter intuitive.  The larger the pool/the more hashing they can do means they can find more blocks per day than the other pools.  Otherwise the 51%, double-transaction attack wouldn't work. 
If it didn't matter what mining pool you were in, since their total power doesn't make a difference, then why be in a pool at all.  
The logic doesn't make sense.
@_date: 2014-01-02 15:49:34
You are assuming that because there are only 21M bitcoins ever, they will be super-valuable.  That may be true, that might not be true.  We can hope for the former, but we shouldn't state it as fact.   
You are assuming that laws regarding profits made by bitcoins (by trading or use as currency) won't be introduced by governments all over the world.  
If governments create laws that tax profits made by trading bitcoins at an absurdly high rate (40-60%) that would slow trading of bitcoin in that country.  If governments create laws that say "if you pay for goods or services in bitcoins, you must pay double the tax rate vs fiat money transactions"   There are rumblings in Washington D.C. that some politicians looking to make headlines might just want to start introducing bills like this.
Finally, you are also assuming that there will be significant adoption.  It is WAY too early to make that call.  
There is a fine line between optimism and head in the clouds wishful thinking.
@_date: 2014-02-24 16:44:21
I picked up my private pilot's license years ago (actually before I had a driver's license as a teen) and never use commercial air travel when I go anywhere in the US (and since I don't really travel internationally, the TSA isn't a bother).
Sure, I don't recommend it for everyone, but being able to fill out my flight plan, walk up to my own aircraft, load my own luggage without being 'scanned', take off, land and leave the airport I am traveling to without any TSA involvement makes it worth while. 
A few months ago, a co-worker and myself went down to Las Vegas for CES.  He took commercial and I flew privately.  It was awesome that while we went to the airport together, he waited hours longer and had to go through TSA while I simply had to fill out my pre-flight paper work and loaded my aircraft myself.  I was in the air hours before him, landed in Vegas around the same time (I landed at the North Las Vegas Airport and he landed at MacCarran)  and was out of my airport, drove to MacCarran ans was waiting in the rental car for him before he had picked up his luggage.
@_date: 2014-01-14 19:18:59
This would interest me as well.  I host an AM radio talk show on technology and I was thinking of starting a bitcoin donation page for various things such as iPads for rural grade schools.
How hard is this to really setup... I'm thinking it is just setup a wallet and post the wallet address to the site but as the OP said I would also be interested about the best security practices for this.
@_date: 2014-03-29 16:12:38
A few of us can't use Paypal since we were part of large class-action lawsuits against them. Not that it makes a difference to buying things on steam, since most folks have a Debit or CC they can use (such as myself)
Just saying that not having a PayPal account isn't akin to 'living under a rock'.  Some don't use PayPal for many reasons.  Don't judge just based on if they have an account or not.
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:57:00
Here is my question.  Who is selling their BTC for under market value (the other exchanges value of BTC) on Gox?  I can understand a SLIGHTLY lower value, but around $100-$150 per BTC?  
If you know that you are not getting your BTC out, and Fiat transfers are also locked, then selling BTCs so low is just stupid.  
IF GOX opens again and you sold low, you took a serious loss and someone else has made a killing with the BTCs they bought from you.  
Smart people would hang onto their coins and wait for the exchange to open....so my question is...who is selling the coins?  You aren't going to get fiat withdrawals no matter what price you sell at, you know you are losing money overall selling so low, so most sensible people would hang onto the BTC in their account and pray Gox will let them withdraw the coins.
So where are all these low cost coins coming from?
@_date: 2014-01-21 19:06:08
Sorry, I didn't mean to reply to this last post of yours.  I hit reply on the wrong post.  My bad.   
*edit: fixed to agree with you
@_date: 2014-01-27 15:54:46
What has made bitcoin so popular has been the speculation for fiat monetary gains.  Many of the people currently using bitcoins (and mining them) are doing so to make a profit in dollars, euros, and other fiat currency.  Hence the reason bitcoins went from $3 to $1200 in one year.
Sure it is nice to think a majority of the people are altruistic, but the reality is most are here for the 'gold-rush'
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:49:46
DoctorJason, the issue you are missing isn't that the States have legalized the sales but that the Federal Government hasn't and the DEA would still be knocking on Bitpay/Coinbase's doors.
Paypal and most banks won't work with dispensaries, so why is it a surprise that Bitpay/coinbase have decided they don't want the hassle of dealing with the Feds over 'drug money'?
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:20:59
Point has been repeatedly stated, all it takes is the DEA to decide "You are dealing with drugs?  Ok Coinbase/Bitpay, all your assets are now ours."  State can pass laws, but if the Federal government has a law calling MJ illegal and has the DEA to enforce that law (not that I agree with that, just stating the obvious) then the Feds can and will use that stick willingly on companies who deal in Federally outlawed drugs.  
We see it all the time on the news.  Some State (colorado/california) has a dispensary that is raided and shutdown by the feds and all their bank accounts frozen or seized.   It wouldn't take much for the Feds to take down Bitpay or Coinbase if they believed either was doing business  with such businesses.  
Heck, look at Paypal.  They don't want anything to do with this bag of worms either....not to mention most banks won't do business with them either.
@_date: 2014-01-15 18:26:56
Well the multiple redditors and people on other bitcoin forums stating that they received their mining equipment 6 to 9 months or more after they placed and order and paid their money...and the equipment fans were covered in dust and their were dust bunnies inside the "new" equipment is just lies then.
Such as the 'brand new' Butterfly labs ASIC miner a coworker bought over 6 months ago directly from BFL and just received Tuesday with dust caked on the fans?  That's just a bogus claim and it is normal to get brand new equipment with dust caked on the fans and inside the rig.  Gotcha.
@_date: 2014-01-29 15:07:48
That's a questionable cause logical fallacy,*cum hoc ergo propter hoc* if you will, to say that if I think laws against money laundering are ok, then also believe the NSA has a right to know everything everyone ever does.
AML is a way to make it hard for criminals to hide money they have gained illegally.   I keep repeating this over and over: there are no reasons to launder money if said money is not 'dirty' from a crime.   
In this case, if you haven't done anything wrong you do not need to launder money. There are two motives for laundering money: avoiding suspicion from law enforcement and avoiding detection by law enforcement.  Only criminals need to clean their money.  I have no problems with AML laws. 
That said, I don't agree with some parts of AML laws in the US, like the reporting of and all the paper work involved in taking out $10,000, or more, of your own cash from a bank.  The laws are not perfect, but they are what we have and I don't see the laws harming many innocent people.  
Now there are three reason I can see that those who really like bitcoin are against AML:
1) The simple nature of Cryptocurrency is to hide the identity of those involved in a transaction. In this, AML could possibly be used to shut down sites like MTGOX and make the use and transfer of BTC illegal.   I would be against this and thus lobby for lawmakers to update the AML laws.
2) There maybe those who are using BTC and are also criminals, from the neighborhood drug dealer to the white collar accountant, they want to use BTC to hide their illegally obtained profit, and hiding behind the merits of BTC gives them a way to voice their opinion against AML laws yet deflect the real reason they want AML laws abolished.
3) The big government conspiracy and tinfoil hat crowd.  Anything the government does is suspect, all laws are wrong at some level and anyone saying otherwise is an enemy.
I feel you probably are like me and fall into the first category.  I personally would want AML laws to be updated so cryptocurrencies, and those using them, are not attacked by them simply because of their nature. 
Looking at Liberty Dollars and how AML were used against that 'currency', it stands to reason that AML laws could easily be used against anyone who dabbles in BTC and other cryptocurrencies.
That aside, I am still for AML, I am not for NSA surveillance.
@_date: 2014-01-21 20:11:35
the IT company that I work for accepts Bitcoins and has done the same thing you have done (FB, Fax and email blast, payment button, and setup payment option on our POS, put signage on our doors saying we accept bitcoins).
Zilch on interest or payments taken yet and we set this up months and months ago when bitcoin hadn't even broken $500 a coin.
Even with a "What is Bitcoin" link to a video and the bitcoin FAQ.
Ours may have to do with location. 
Yours might have to do with putting up signage (put up window stickers that say "We Accept Bitcoins" on your doors/reception desk area) and adding your business to a few of the various "Businesses that accept Bitcoin" maps and email a few of the bitcoin map apps. Also, give it time.  
@_date: 2014-05-15 16:45:37
Seems like I am getting downvoted for bringing up the reality of who Glenn Beck is/was.  Like I said, if Donald Rumsfeld came out today in support of bitcoins, I wonder how many folks would be excited about it and give him a pass on his past actions and comments.  How about Rush Limbaugh?
He hasn't apologized for these comments so he may still hold the same views and I won't support or cheer on this guy just because he supports bitcoins.   There are principles beyond hoping big-name people start talking about bitcoin so the price goes up.  It has to be the right people, not folks who are polarizing like Beck or Rush or people who have repeated said things in the past that are hateful.  
Perhaps that is a libertarian thing, I don't know.   But for my left of center leaning self, I don't care what others here think of me...I don't support Beck and I do not care if he supports bitcoins.  As I said, he is not much different than Rush or Rumsfeld and nothing he has done has change my opinion of him.
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:43:56
But that is just you FrostyFootnuts...which you do acknowledge. 
Many of us do not live in a city that has many (if any) businesses accepting Bitcoins.  We can't sustain life entirely with bitcoins...yet.
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:47:25
So you believe that instead of repealing the GLB act and going back to the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933, take away all regulations.   
Glass-Steagall prevented the Subprime mortgage crisis from happening, but when it was, in part, repealed then we had greedy bankers making sketchy bankster schemes.
So wouldn't it stand to reason that if all regulations were removed, then bankers could do a lot of other really shady things...and they would...because they have nothing preventing them from doing so.   
Saying regulation will never catch up to skechy bankster scheme and that we should do away with all regulation is akin to saying laws will never catch up to skechy criminal scheme so we should do away with laws since laws just increase the convergence of government and criminals.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:18:28
While true, this is a private company with no regulation.  They can 'screw' the depositors since there are no government agencies who are going to do anything about this.   
Gox is interested in making sure their investors are paid back first.  They see investors (the guys who gave Gox money to get started and as working capital) as Bond holders and depositors as stock holders.  People who hold bonds are paid first, then anything left over is paid to the stock holders (if a company goes under). 
@_date: 2014-05-14 17:23:34
Well some of the really bad ones were there when I first saw their announcement and 30 minutes later were gone.  The inane ones are still up.
@_date: 2014-01-21 20:23:44
They have nothing I want.  It's great they accept it...I just am not moved  or have any reason to buy anything from them.
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:01:00
That depends on the outcome of comparing and contrasting your view of what constitutes 'freedom' to those in power and their view of what constitutes 'freedom'.
@_date: 2014-02-11 14:17:55
I wouldn't disagree except when the police or the military are private contractors, they follow the paycheck and not the good of the people.  Then we have the equivalent of warlords of africa
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:34:01
I'm being respectful of the work done and the work being done.  I enjoy it, respect it, and support it.
I just think the name itself for the work that has been done is a little pre-mature. 
It is ambitious, I grant you and I hope you succeed.  I'm a bitcoin supporter so how can I not want this to be a huge success?
The main issue I have with this is naming a group of three people an "Institute", especially when there is no mention of 503(c) status (or the filing of papers for such status).  Until then, the issue is the name has about as much weight as the Institute of Advanced Conservative Studies and commands about as much respect (and I'm not saying this to be a troll or hurt feelings).
Perhaps if you had started out with the name of "The Satoshi Nakamoto Archive Project" with a Head Researcher, then when you were established with 30-50 people working with you, had an office space or building you were renting/own, non-profit status and more information on the site, create the "Institute", select a board of directors and name a President.
That I can get behind.
@_date: 2014-03-14 02:12:03
OUCH!   That has to hurt!
@_date: 2014-02-21 14:24:04
my bad...thanks for the correction.
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:41:57
Very well worded and one of the best rebuttals to the OP I have seen.  +1
I love BTC, no question, but we need to be a little more open minded and view BTC through the eyes of someone who has trouble setting the clock on their DVD player, has issues using their computer beyond surfing the web and facebook, and still doesn't know how to use Bluetooth.   We also must realize that even many in the newest generations (The Millennials/"Precious Snowflake" generation and Generation Z) are not tech savvy.  They have a larger percentage that is tech savvy than past generations...but even so, BTC is not their goto currency yet.
The OP's headline is skewed by colored perception.  No offence intended but it is.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:36:06
FIFY:  Now you know how people in other subs feel *about bitcoin*.
To be honest, it wasn't like the other subs banned links and discussions about bitcoin just to be mean.  The door swings both ways and the history of Bitcoin redditors in it's infant years isn't much different from Dogecoin redditors now.
@_date: 2014-01-02 18:40:54
Personally, I laughed at the monty python reference.
@_date: 2014-03-19 14:08:14
Either you are lying now that you only have enough money to pay your monthly bills, or you were lying back a month ago when you posted "Holding onto a few hundred dollars worth of an altcoin (that I've mined) is nothing to keep in an exchange."
One way or another you are not telling the full truth.  
@_date: 2014-03-19 14:14:25
You make many assumptions yourself and you have devolved this exchange into something personal which I won't take part in. 
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:34:07
OP, no offense but why did you put up a link so people could donate to you?  I know you are not asking for bitcoins but adding a link after you say "I really love the idea behind cryptocurrency in general and how important of a role it will play in our continually growing digital age." is kind of a round about way of trying to get others to give you bitcoins since you said something positive about this cryptocurrency.
"Begging/asking for bitcoins is absolutely not allowed, no matter how badly you need the bitcoins. Only requests for donations to large, recognized charities are allowed, and only if there is good reason to believe that the person accepting bitcoins on behalf of the charity is trustworthy."
@_date: 2014-02-12 18:06:07
Just registered with the dogetipbot up just to check out DogeCoin
@_date: 2014-01-04 17:45:21
You have to realize that these businesses have to report that they accept bitcoins to this app developer.  Using six different bitcoin local business locator maps on the web shows that three businesses in Fargo, ND have reported they accept bitcoins.  MELD, XPI, and Cord Inc.   Blueprint IT Solutions in Fargo also accepts bitcoins but hasn't added themselves to any maps or lists yet. They are the only IT company in the ND/SD area that accepts bitcoins for payment.  You can guess who suggested that idea to the owner ;)
No local food joints, bars or other businesses beyond these 4 accept bitcoins (or have published that they accept them)
As I have stated before on other threads, the majority of business owners in the Dakotas are (on a whole) not keen to bitcoins yet.  I'm using my radio show to promote bitcoins however, so hopefully that will help.
On Average, it takes about 5 years from when something hits big on the coasts before the Midwest catches up.
@_date: 2014-03-17 14:30:07
My boss has refused to accept bitcoins for our IT company since the mining is a 'huge waste of electricity with no other benefit beyond making coins".  He is looking at accepting Gridcoin but only if it was to rise in value.  
I can see his point of view and I agree that Bitcoin would probably have a better public acceptance if mining did something like help work on finding a cure for cancer. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:51:51
They don't want to deal with the Federal government in court or the DEA doing a swat-style raid and taking every computer/server/cellphone/tablet/scrap of paper in the Bitpay/Coinbase offices.
Paypal and most banks won't work with dispensaries because of this fact so why is it so 'wrong' for bitpay or coinbase to make the same decision?
@_date: 2014-01-09 22:41:38
I'm at CES covering the show as traditional broadcast media (radio).  Trust me, it isn't that big of a deal to have a booth here.  If you saw the thousands of companies with booths pushing smart phone and tablet cases you'd understand.   People looking for kickstarter and VC capital have booths here.  
Besides bitcoin only has Butterfly labs pushing mining (yeah that's the company we want the media to cover /s) bitpay and blockchain representing it.  Last two aren't too bad but Jubus, Butterfly Labs?!?  Really!?!? 
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:29:50
While the 'adults' (fiat) working in the real world laugh at the childrens' antics?
(Just taking it to the next logical step.  Don't shoot me, I'm not white knighting fiat.)
@_date: 2014-02-20 19:55:58
Probably not as this is an unregulated market.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:01:02
Of that we agree.  Karpeles is also to blame and deserves to be put on trial for what happened at Gox.  The greed of Gox users who refused to leave even after the april fiasco does not lessen the blame Karpeles deserves.
@_date: 2014-01-16 19:52:53
And that right there is a reason I lost interest in the idea.   That a kmoneylobgshanks reply that 'hey, we are not liable if people use it for child porn storage...those nodes that get pc stored on it are."
Case in point: If some perv encrypts his cp and uploads it to a bunch of nodes, and the cops bust him for having cp on his PC then find out he is hosting his cp on a distributed network, now the cops have a reason to confiscate those node (other people's computers) as evidence.
Yeah, not thrilled about this.  Good idea but that hands off approach for distributed hosting of files, especially if the hosting party doesn't know what it is hosting, rubs me the wrong way.
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:19:59
So instead of paying taxes you rather would avoid them all together.
The point of taxes is to better the country/community.  Social Security, Medicare/Medicaid, SNAP, National Endowments for the Arts, NASA, the Interstate Highway system, ATC...the list goes on and on.   The fact is you might be upset that in the US we spend a lot on defense...and I agree, but taxes are a necessary evil.
Also, wouldn't it be better to pay the taxes on gains realized from bitcoins to the IRS rather than have the IRS basically destroy your life?  If all bitcoiners in the US thought like you, then the US Government has a reason to make laws that would say "US Citizens who Buy, Mine or Trade in Bitcoins are guilty of a Class C Felony", "Bitcoin Exchanges in the US are illegal" and "It is illegal for US Businesses to accept Bitcoins for payment or donations"
Help the community out.  Don't use Bitcoins as a tax haven so the US Government has to step in.
@_date: 2014-01-09 09:27:28
It could be greed as well.  I'm too tired and too drunk (partying after CES) to delve deep into this but some people may be into this for just the "$" and don't care about the future of BTC.  
They may see "hey this one pool has a large chunk of power...I should mine with them" and don't realize the risk nor care.  They just want the money.
If you believe I am wrong, I would love to have had you stand next to me at CES today near the Butterfly Labs booth and hear some of the talk going on. Not really from the BL booth guys but from people walking up and talking to them, or talking nearby.  A lot of greed, little care.
@_date: 2014-04-01 19:53:01
So in essence, like the decriminalization and legalization of weed?
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:07:14
I don't know.  I wonder if anyone who worked in the traditional media (Radio, TV, Print...i.e. not a blog) would be able to get a seat.
I'm tempted to toss them my press credentials and see if they would have an open seat.
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:35:51
1980 Beechcraft 58P Baron with larger, after-market fuel tanks (still uses 100 LL fuel), and updated/lighter interior with all the newest toys.  I'm willing to fly coast to cost though my aircraft is limited to ~1,100 with the new tanks and I don't fly more than 1000 miles a stretch without refueling somewhere but it isn't a matter of avoiding commercial air travel as much as the freedom of being behind the wheel.   
I think of it like traveling in my car for 4 hours or getting on a bus for 4 hours.    Personally, I'd rather be in control of my own car than be in a bus but that's me. Also, when you are your own pilot, you get to meet other pilots and you get to fly where ever you want, when ever you want.  Sometimes I'll take my Baron and just do some IFR flights over the many lakes of Minnesota and on a whim, set down at some small airport or fly to some small town that is having a county fair just for the heck of seeing it.  Rural america has some really neat aviation history tucked away in places you'd never think to look.  I've seen aircraft that are sitting in hangers that only 10-20 of that airframe was ever made and here is one that an old pilot bought and let sit for whatever reason. 
It's really cool.
@_date: 2014-01-16 21:27:00
As pointed out, if you want this to really work, you are going to need high level and very skilled programmers.  WeTube won't work unless the content database can be searched at under 500ms or so.  In today's age of NOW, waiting 15 seconds or more to find a video will kill the enthusiasm. Especially if everything is to be distributed and wirelessly meshed later on.
Also, you will need a lot of money to promote the idea to the general public if you want it to be anymore than a nich idea used by very few, but geeky, people.
Once you are in alpha or beta, and you have something for filtering Child Porn or other illegal data from being stored on the network and distributed on innocent people's computers, give me a message.  
I'll give your marketing or PR person some free coverage on my radio show.
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:53:32
...again, a company that would do a bitpay-like service for dispensaries would live in fear of the DEA swooping in and ripping all the servers and computers out of their offices and then the long and costly legal battles they would have to fight.
@_date: 2014-01-23 19:25:20
That would be nice but I am feeling if the company didn't provide any discount but accepted Bitcoins, keeping all profits to themselves, I would be ok with that.
It is speculation that giving a 1% discount would entice double the sales done in Bitcoins.   1% savings isn't going to light many fires.  A $1 savings on a $100 purchase doesn't drive much in sales.
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:08:36
I'm finding that after explaining Bitcoins to those who haven't used it before and only heard of it on nightly news stories, people say "So I buy bitcoins then go to an online store to buy something with bitcoins....why don't I just use my debit card?" 
When you explain bitcoins are more secure, they shrug and say that it sounds like a hassle when they just have to pull out their cc or debit card to make a purchase...and more retailers accept cc and debit cards than bitcoins.
Overall, I've found a vast majority of regular people being turned off by bitcoins used as currency.   They are interested in using bitcoins as a commodity and buying low/selling high to make a fiat money profit.
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:24:22
Why speculate on something like this?  How could they 'ban' bitcoins?  If they all put laws into place how do they enforce it? 
Sidenote: You probably already realized your mistake in the title (except vs accept)  except = not including   accept = to take
@_date: 2014-01-09 08:21:03
If wishes were fishes.
You are ignoring the fact that those who got into bitcoins for a buy low/sell high fiat profit are the reason BTC is making a lot of news and driving acceptance.  They are making the name BTC a house hold name.
If it wasn't for the folks driving the price up to $1200 or so, you wouldn't have the press and btc would still be worth $5-$10.  Overstock and the other companies accepting bitcoins would never have jumped on board.
Like it or not, BTC trading for profit is a necessary evil
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:51:58
Some people don't care about long-term community or health of bitcoin.  A lot of people in our society (and the world) care about short term financial gains.  "How can it benefit me in the short term, and how can I maximize my profits?"
I would hazard that a lot of folks who are mining right now through CEX and GHash.io are in it for the fiat money gains.  If bitcoin crashed to $1 a coin or less, as long as they were able to get out without a loss, many wouldn't care.
Of course there are people, especially those here, that do care about bitcoin's long term health, but I suspect a lot are just investors or people looking to make a buck..and would move on to the next 'big thing' that can make them money if bitcoin crashed and burned. 
That's one reason that Ghash.io and CEX are popular pools.  The idea that "Greed is Good".
@_date: 2014-05-13 15:00:36
The only concern of mine in this trial (and I hope it pays off for them!) is this:  How many people in Glasgow use bitcoins?  If not a lot of people use it, then this may not be the best idea.   
I'd also be wary of turning away potential customers who are not happy with the idea of being given Bitcoins in exchange for their electronics...or customers who want to buy something but go elsewhere since the store won't accept the Euro or Pound for these three days.
I'm probably wary over nothing, but then again, this may not be the best way to win people to your business, especially when your business is a pawnshop (in essence). 
@_date: 2014-02-06 18:26:41
And here is Eric Moller, VP of Engineering and Product Development:
"The strongest counter-argument is that we might not actually get a donation total that makes this worth our time. The Internet Archive has a single-use Bitcoin address that's received a total of &lt;$30K at current (insanely high) exchange rates.
But for me, the main reason not do this sooner is that it would have significantly fueled the Bitcoin speculative bubble, and WMF should
remain neutral on the utility of Bitcoin. At this point though, whatever WMF does or doesn't do is just a small drop in the bucket of
the overall Bitcoin mania, so I'm personally fine with a decision being made on pragmatic grounds alone.
My own view is that Bitcoin has significant design flaws (built-in economic inequality, most rational actors will hoard rather than spend, doubtful long-term scalability, questionable value as an actual currency due to crazy volatility, tendency to centralize power with miners, rampant security attacks against BTC holders, etc.), but as long as no more severe technical flaws are discovered/exploited, at
least some value will likely attach to BTC for some time to come, even if it's dramatically less than the current exchange rate."
@_date: 2014-03-27 22:15:21
I don't really have a choice in using dollars,  none of the bills I have can be paid directly in Bitcoins.   I have to use dollars, like it or not.  I also realize that the government does just as much good as bad.  So I can live with it.
I have a choice in using Bitcoins.  With all the anti-government talk and 'bankrupt the USA' talk, I don't have to use or support Bitcoins.  Only reason I have any is to sell when the price goes up and make a profit in dollars.   
Also, this is my personal belief.  I don't force this on others.  I would (and after this conversation...will) say this to my listeners but it is up to them to form their own views. 
@_date: 2014-03-20 17:48:23
I can understand your POV but a few businesses that I deal with know I support bitcoin, but I don't push it or talk about it unless they bring it up in conversation.  I don't try to convince them to use BTC, nor will I push it or talk about it unless they ask.  I'm there to fix a network issue, not convert them over to BTC. (I work as a Senior Network Engineer for an IT company)
Some of these business owners/employees have said they get tired of people asking.  Either they can't make the change (just workers, not owners) or are tired of the same 'marketing BS' over and over from bitcoin users (owners). 
I have one business owner that has said he will not take bitcoins, ever due to a run in with a bitcoin user who was at the register and just kept going on and on and on about how the owner should accept bitcoins.  Nothing the owner said would shut the guy up and the bitcoin user refused to take the hint that the business owner wasn't interested...until the business owner finally told the bitcoin user point blank that if he mentioned Bitcoins one more time, he (the owner) was going to kick the guy out of the store.  Since then, the owner has said that encounter and a few of the emails he has received have angered him to the point he will tell anyone mentioning payment in bitcoins, "I don't accept them, I will never accept them, don't waste my time or yours."
Small and medium-sized business owners are not stupid by in large,they know what is going on and have heard of bitcoin.  However if we keep going on and on and on about Bitcoin to a business who clearly isn't interested...or try to convert someone at a business who has no control over if the business could accept bitcoins we are going to make enemies not friends.
@_date: 2014-01-09 07:58:49
If there were no profit to be made, bitcoin would not be making headlines and it would still be worth $5-$10 per BTC max today. 
The whole reason for the growth of BTC and the acceptance by Overstock.com and other companies is not because they "saw the light" but because bitcoin has been talked about in the news nearly every day since early in 2013...which again would never have happened without some people trying to make a profit off of it in fiat money.
I'm all for BTC being used as currency but take off the blinders and accept the fact that those using BTC (buy low/sell high) to make a profit are the reason BTC is in the news more and more.  If BTC were still only trading at $5-$10 a BTC, I doubt you would see even 1/32nd of a percent of the press coverage BTC is getting today.
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:34:54
No problem.  I had to read the article twice myself as I skimmed it the first time
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:35:23
I'm completely ignorant about this, but can US customers sue a company based in japan in US court?  If so, what jurisdiction and enforcement of any decision is allowed/taken by the Japanese LEOs/Courts/Government?  
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:21:59
Well, listeners in my case. I do a radio talk show on technology...think leo laporte or Kim Komando, except I'm not national, just regional.
Still, as you said, it wouldn't hurt to try.
@_date: 2014-01-14 22:55:02
Except Overstock.com
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:41:38
In that, we agree, to an extent.  Satoshi is a genius.
@_date: 2014-05-14 18:14:56
So because he is latching on to our favorite topic (bitcoins) all the past craziness, hate and general narrow-minded garbage he said is forgiven. 
All hail Glenn Beck, media starling for bitcoin....just forget that he called the sitting president a racist, the families of 9/11 victims 'whinners' and that he hates them (seriously), those who live in the foothills in California and lost their homes to wildfires are 'haters of America'.... I could go on but you get my drift.
Embracing a man simply because he agrees with you on one issue (bitcoins) but is so....wow....on everything else is just not smart in my book.
I mean, yeah, it may get some right-wingers to take a new look at bitcoin but this is like having Rush Limbaugh or Don Rumsfeld advocating for bitcoins.   Appreciate the support but don't care for them or their views.
@_date: 2014-04-01 13:56:14
I'm in total agreement with you on that!
@_date: 2014-01-14 15:46:28
The issue also is larger than bitcoins itself.  If a 51% attack happens and the mainstream media starts reporting on it with scary sounding headlines and fear-inducing news articles, the general public most likely will listen and then altcoins as a whole are going to take a major hit in confidence.  
Companies who have decided to start accepting bitcoins may back out of accepting altcoins all together, being afraid of double payment attacks and such.  Then we are back where we started, trying to change public opinion back into accepting altcoins as a valid form of payment.  
If someone wanted to end the altcoin revolution that is starting to happen now, they just need to undermine the growing public (and business) confidence in alt-currency.  
Again, this is a lot bigger than just bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:33:29
I'm not sure the 273 people that died as a result of the AA Flight 191 or the 78 people that died from the Air Florida Flight 90 crash would agree that deregulation was a good thing but to each their own.  I can point out many more crashes since Deregulation that can be attributed to it but I only have a short break.
Since 2000, U.S. airlines' net losses have exceeded $33 billion which is almost twice their accumulated profits from 1938 to 1999. Eleven domestic airlines filed for bankruptcy protection in 2008 alone while nine shut down altogether (all before Sepember 11th 2001). The surviving companies have slashed costs, with some resorting to steps that threaten passenger safety. 
 A 30 year long pattern of declining profitability and rising instability has been widely reported and the industry ran up huge losses in the early 1980s and again in the early 1990s. Today, the Airline industry is more concentrated than ever and lacks the resources and motivation to make crucial investments in equipment, technology, and people.  Most of the major U.S. airlines have no long-term strategy except more outsourcing, more service cutbacks, more fees, more hidden charges, more wage and benefit reductions, and more consolidation in the hope of surviving long enough to be in a position to turn a profit.
Also nearly all of the original proponents of deregulation have acknowledged their failure of what they once fought for.  Alfred Kahn, who is called the "father of airline deregulation," stated that the "naturally monopolistic or oligopolistic character of most airline markets...would continue under deregulation."
You use the argument that deregulation has produced lower airfares and wider access to air travel. While the price of flying has come down over the past thirty years it decreased at a comparable rate from the 1940 through the 1960s.  Low airfares are as much a problem as an achievement if they leave an industry without the resources (profit margin) to maintain service standards or make crucial investments in equipment, technology, safety and training.   More than 190 communities have lost air service over the past 20 years. Out of ~150 low-cost airlines founded since 1978, fewer than a dozen are still operating. 
Before deregulation, there were 11 major trunkline carriers; today, the country has six large mainline carriers--American, United, Delta, Continental, US Airways, and Southwest. The first three, along with their regional partners, control two-thirds of domestic air travel.
So no, I don't hold to your belief that Airline Deregulation is a good thing. 
@_date: 2014-01-10 01:54:45
I don't feel bad doing what I did.   I never bought from them but fark if it doesn't piss me off they are screwing over other redditors into mining!
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:15:28
I won't argue those points as you and I agree that the State doesn't play by the same rules that the Citizens have to abide by. 
The cost I am willing to pay is for enforcement of the laws against those crimes and the creation of laws making those crimes hard to perform.
As for Arms Sales, I'm thinking of someone selling hundreds of AK-47's to iraqi insurgents, Anti-aircraft and anti-tank missiles to Chechnyan rebels, or missile components to North Korea.  We can agree those would be considered illegal and not exactly victimless.
I'm not a libertarian, so I don't know about libertarian standpoints.  I've never looked into libertarianism.  That said, as a left-leaning independent, Blackmail is bad in my view of the world. 
Let's extend the Arms Sales example to this example.
An arms dealer, I'll call him Mel Profitt, finds a high ranking man in the US government who has facilitated arms sales to African warlords in the past.  Mel Proffitt has found a diplomatic communique that indicated the US official has done so and is threatening to expose that official, and destroy his family and reputation, unless that official passes along top secret documents and samples of black project weapons to Mr Profitt, who in turn will pass those documents and samples along to the Pakistani and Iranian government.   Are you saying Libertarians would have no problem with this kind of blackmail that Mel Profitt is doing to the US Official?
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:48:13
And how many more subs have banned all talk, links and tipping of Bitcoin because of how Bitcoin Redditors were spamming their links and tips all over the place pre-2013?   Just saying, a lot of Bitcoin Redditors have VERY short term memories. Bitcoin Redditors were acting pretty much like the Dogecoin redditors are now...sans the comical nonsensical phrases.    At least the Dogecoiners were/are trying to be funny.   The Bitcoin Redditors had little sense of humor and were spamming and tipping all over Reddit to gain exposure to Bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-05-23 15:33:37
To be honest, wasn't dogecoin invented to be used really for microtransactions (cup of coffee, a meal, car wash, fill the tank with gas) sort of thing?  It wasn't really meant to 'go to the moon' in terms of value I thought.   Hence the reason the guys who made Dogecoin do not have a hardcap in place for the max number of Dogecoins ever created.
@_date: 2014-06-10 00:58:07
The point is that they kill mainstream acceptance. Alcohol has been part of human civilization for THOUSANDS of year.  The idea of a decentralized cryto-currency is very very new and not something, even with the slow acceptance of bitcoin over the past few years, that most people yet see as a benefit to them over the physical currency they have know for...again...thousands of years.
Bitcoin is to physical currency like E-cigarettes are to tobacco cigarettes. So it is more of a replacement that has to gain acceptance than an established currency that is then banned for dubious reasons.
The passage of marijuana laws in the early 20th century in the US is also a good example.  Most people in the US at the time didn't know what marijuana was let alone use it so they believed the FUD and propaganda.  Bitcoin is like marijuana in that sense....just look at all the ignorant people spouting the "Ponzi Scheme" and "bitcoin was shutdown" non-sense today about bitcoin.   Regular people who know next to nothing about it...the people we need to win over if we don't want Bitcoin relegated back to the dark corners of the internet.
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:27:45
The costs are high as you say, in both time and money.  You have to first do your lessons which can range from $5,000 - $13,000 depending where you live in the country.  I got mine when I was 17, back in 1996 and it cost me around $3500, but I also had my own plane too. 
First you need to get your physical checkup from an FAA certified doctor.  That's about $100-$150.  
Second, you need to find a flight school or flight instructor and start your ground schooling. I recommend looking for an instructor with at least a minimum of 3000-5000 hours logged and a few years as an instructor. 
Expect to buy books, programs (if they are more modern), pay for tests and flight time.   If you dabble in this and take it slow, it can take about 4-6 months.  If you do an immersion course, it can take around 6 weeks.  I got mine in about 3 months, after school and on weekends.
Minimum flight time to get your license is 40 hours but most students today get 65-70 hours of flight time logged.  (20 hours flight training, 10 hours solo, 3 hours flight training cross country, 5 hours solo flight training cross country, 3 hours in prep work, 3 hours night flights, 3 hours instrument training.)   
Often, you will also be paying for using their aircraft when training...and most places don't include that in the basic training fees.  Expect to pay $100-$150 per hour in the air to use their aircraft.
I bought a used Ercoupe 415G (from an old, crusty pilot who took good care of that beautiful airframe) for $12k just after I started my training and decided I was going to stick it through the entire way...basically after my first flight.  My folks had been putting away money for me instead of giving me an allowance, and I had been working every day after school and on weekends (three different jobs) since I had turned 14 so I had enough saved up for the aircraft and the training.
If you put in the hours and training, you can get your Aircraft, Single-Engine Land VFR license.  You are limited to single prop planes and the Visual Flight Rules (bascially Clear weather only, daylight hours only but you can go where you want, when you want, how you want...with some minor restrictions such as your flight ceiling and distance between you and the ground and you and the clouds)
A little more training, some more hours in your aircraft and a few tests and you can then obtain your IFR (Instrument Flight Rules) certificate and now you can flight all the way up to 60k feet (if you can get there), you can fly at night, in bad weather, through clouds, over open water, but you must file a flight plan before you are allowed to do IFR flights cross country).
You can do like me and get your Aircraft, Multi-Engine Rating.  All you need to do is have your physical up-to-date, pass a 60 question Private Pilot FAA knowledge exam and take a check ride in the aircraft you want to be rated in.   Twin or multi engine aircraft are the bad boys who can take you above 25k feet, normally, if they are pressurized. 
The costs after you get your license can bite hard though. Go juice (100 LL fuel....that's LEADED aviation fuel) runs about $5.10 to $5.90 a gallon depending where you fill up.  Then if you have your own aircraft, you have hanger fees or tie-down fees ($20 - $500 a month depending on the airport), Insurance ($1k -$6k a year), Annual inspection ($800 - $2000), Engine overhaul after so many hours in operation (usually 1500 or so at a cost of $10k - $35k an engine), Oil (about $100 every 25 hours of flight time per engine), airframe inspection (no average there) ...then you have the upgrades like GPS, interior lightening and updating, repainting, new radios, new wheels, brakes, new props...the list goes on.
Think of it this way....if you can't decide if you should be a private pilot or not, take $2000 in $1 bills and toss them one by one into a fire.   If you can do that without flinching or without much remorse, you could handle being a private pilot. 
Personally,  I've long since sold my old, but trusty Ercoupe for a 1980 Beechcraft 58P Baron with larger, after-market fuel tanks (still uses 100 LL fuel), and updated/lighter interior with all the newest toys.  
@_date: 2014-02-21 00:52:53
Anything a responsible adult is going to invest in requires research.  You don't just jump into the stock market and buy any stock.  You don't just dump money into any investment firm...you find out which firms are reputable!
If you are going to get into bitcoin to buy things with it, you don't need much research.  Maybe a quick "How to" on setting up a wallet and transferring the coins.
If you are getting into bitcoin to make a Fiat Profit and do what amounts to day trading, yeah, you DO need to spend at least a week doing a lot of research so you don't end up getting screwed by shady websites and people.
I'll blame the victims for being GREEDY.  Almost anyone who is into making money on bitcoin has visited some forum or read some articles to see if they could maximize their profits somehow.  Adults don't normally invest money in a vacuum.
Since April (and before that even) people in the community have been tossing up red flags about Gox.  When Gox halted withdrawals of BTCs from their exchange....that was a red flag.  Then they halted Fiat withdrawals.  Now it is reported that 75-80% of those trying to get Fiat out are unable to do so, unless it is a very small amount.
The signs were there but most of those caught up in this were GREEDY and because of that, they took a risk.  They KNEW there was a risk if they had any common sense in how to research any investment opportunity  (I.E. use GOOGLE).  
I have NO sympathy for those hit by this Mt Gox fiasco simply because...if I could paraphrase a quote: "They bought their Bitcoins, they knew the risk...I say let them crash!" 
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:31:58
In Regards to your link to the "Nearly half of Americans know that it's a digital currency.", this was discussed at length before.
First, the poll comes into question because we don't know how they worded the answers.  It could be that they were asking people "Do you know what Bitcoins are" and respondents broke down the word as Bit = Computers? Coin=Money and said "Isn't it computerized money" or "a way to transfer money over the computer" or "Digital money?"
A few weeks ago on my radio talk show, I asked this question to my callers and these are the responses I got. Many will guess and it isn't a hard term to guess correctly.
If I can play Devil's Advocate here for a moment, if we do take the poll at face value...42% might know about it but that doesn't mean 42% want to use it. Also, 46% said they weren't sure what Bitcoin was.
From the article:
“I’m not sure what the value of it is, and what I’d be able to exchange it for,” says Olga Ruff, 62, of Dallas, who correctly identified Bitcoin. Ruff says she’s unlikely to start accepting it for the small jewelry business she operates out of her home: “What use would it be for me?”
“I don’t necessarily know if it’s something I would think about using to make purchases,” says poll respondent Jeremy Labadie, 32, of New York, in a follow-up interview. Labadie, who works on Internet security technology and is familiar with Bitcoin, says he has considered buying some as an investment.
Some respondents, such as John Berg, 62, of Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota, heard about the virtual currency through news coverage of its use in crimes. “There was someone who was using it for something illegal, and it took the FBI a long time to sort it out,” he says.
You have a merchant that doesn't see the value to her business in accepting bitcoins.
You have an IT pro who wouldn't use Bitcoins for currency but is thinking of trying to make a fiat money profit from them.
You have a (near) retiree who heard about it in the news and associates it with illegal activity.
What this tells us more than the article is that while 42% of Americans know what Bitcoins are, a number of them have no interest in using bitcoins as a currency (or at all) for various reasons.
We have a LOT of work to do before the general public begins to support and use bitcoins enmass.
Finally, going back to the poll, anyone who has worked in creating surveys knows about:
Leading Questions: (This leads a person to often answer in a certain way)
"People who say they use Bitcoins are satisfied with their lives. On a scale from 1 to 5, with 1 being very dissatisfied and 5 being very satisfied, how satisfied do you feel with your life?"
Loaded Questions: (Questions that invoke emotions to lead someone to answer the way you want them to)
"Should Americans use Bitcoins to buy goods if Bitcoins weaken the US Dollar?" Definitely Should not/ Should not / neutral / Should / Definitely Should
Built-in Assumptions: (question is assuming the respondent has bitcoins) "Are you satisfied with the current value of Bitcoins?" No / Neutral / Yes
Jargon-filled Questions: (asking questions which have jargon that may confuse a respondent)
"Do you feel SHA-256 encryption is good enough for Bitcoin to keep using for the Blockchain for the next 10 years?" Yes / Neutral / No
Double-Barreled Questions: (Grouping different questions together to get a predetermined answer)
"Would you be for or against Bitcoins if I told you they allowed people to transfer money anonomously and could be used to hide money from the IRS?"
Confusing Questions (The respondent could be confused and the survey results are meaningless for this question...but could be used to support a claim either way)
"Does it seem possible or does it seem impossible to you that Bitcoins would never overtake the US Dollar as a daily use currency?"
I'm just saying that, yes, the wording and type of questions matter a great deal in a survey. In fact many political surveys will use questions like these to skew results towards their candidate (or against a different candidate).
In fact some polls/surveys are just used to put a negative light or positive light on a topic and the results don't matter that much to the ones behind the poll survey.
@_date: 2014-05-13 13:50:00
Well just to catch everyone up to speed:
The electronics pawn shop (basically what it is) is replacing the pound with Bitcoin for three days in one of its stores. 
For these three days, customers will only be paid out in Bitcoin and can only make purchases in bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:22:13
Most businesses don't hold bitcoins for this very reason and have Coinbase or Bitpay automatically convert payments in BTC to Dollars.  We shouldn't naysay or be upset at merchants who do this.  They are in business to make a profit with minimal risk.  
Asking them to take a payment but not realize an immediate profit on that payment is a bit silly as the business has bills to pay, of which almost all the bills can not be paid directly in BTC....those bills need to be paid in Dollars.
Think of a merchant that sells a HDTV for $1000 USD or 1 Bitcoin (lets just say 1 BTC = $1000 USD for sake of a simple illustration).  That merchant sells .5 BTC for $500 and holds on to the remaining .5 BTC.
The HDTV costs the merchant $800 USD from their vendor so the merchant has $300 still on the books that they need to make up for just to break even on the TV...but they are able and willing to hold on the .5 BTC hoping they could make a bigger profit.
So the value of BTC starts to drop slowly over the next 3 months to 1 BTC = $500 USD.   Now their holding of .5 BTC is worth $250 USD.  If they sell now, they not only fail to make a profit on the TV, they actually would have a loss of $50.
Some businesses are willing to hang on to that .5 BTC hoping the value would rebound and they could at least make back that $50.  That's when most small businesses which can't afford much risk since their margins are so slim would cash out.
So I don't fault merchants for not holding bitcoins.   Unless they are idealistic and believe in the Libertarian core of Bitcoins, or really are just hoping to make a larger amount of money by selling the BTC holdings they have for a profit down the road (when the BTC value rises), most businesses SHOULD use Coinbase or Bitpay to automatically convert their BTC Payments.
@_date: 2014-01-21 20:02:20
Are we going to see the escrow ability added or a way to reverse/dispute transactions?  If so, I would be very happy to see this update.
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:30:40
Exactly.  Now is the time we need to show Bitcoin is stable, safe and secure to use as a currency.  
Regardless of the improvements of the other altcoins, if someone starts doing successful "double payment" attacks on the blockchain, people will lose confidence in altcurrencies and we take a large number of steps back which negate the few steps we have taken forward.
This is one of the most devastating things that can happen to bitcoin that I can see, beyond federal regulations/laws being passed to make it illegal for businesses to accept bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-02-11 18:01:10
That would make too much sense
@_date: 2014-03-27 22:30:27
We have gone round and round on this rehash in the same tired arguments.  Simple fact is, Bitcoins user base is pushing a libertarian ideal.  Supporting the use of bitcoin is giving them the idea that I also support their anti government talk. 
As I mentioned, dollars are the only thing  can pay my bills in.  Unless you have no bills, you use fiat too.
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:28:36
I could make sense if we take it in the context that they may be hurting for money if the stories of DHS seizing their assets is true.  It would be a way to refill their coffers, so to speak.
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:52:42


I never touched on who is footing the bill.  I thought that was a 'captain obvious' thing and it's not something that added to this discussion....and there you go with the ad homonem attacks again.
I'm done with this conversation.  I tried but honestly if you are going to use personal insults and attacks then I don't have time to waste here.   Have a great night.  We don't see eye to eye.  c'est la vie.
@_date: 2014-02-14 00:26:59
To be honest, he isn't insanely rich yet.  $2 Million isn't a lot of dough.  The +4k bitcoins, however could be worth a lot some day when the price rebounds and heads north.  
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:05:48
So electric companies who are sending you a bill for last month's electric usage must accept physical dollars for that debt?  Even if they send the money back with a letter saying they only accept check, card, or bill pay?   Same with Internet Service Providers.
There are no laws that say physical money in paper dollars or metal coins need be accepted.  Businesses do have to accept the USD in the United States in some shape though, be it Credit Card, Money Order, Check, Online Bill Pay, or such.
Some could argue that Bitcoin could be used just like a Money Order or wire transfer...so that still could fit the requirements of the legal tender act.
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:54:32
When the heck has the porn industry ever been "shy" about anything?
If the porn industry was 'shy' about bitcoins, then the same thing can be said for dang near every other industry.
Steel industry, Shipping industry, Automotive industry, Transportation industry...and the list goes on.
My point is it isn't 'shyness' so much as a business decision.  Bitcoins were an uncertainty and the fluctuation of their value didn't help win over many businesses in the beginning.  Most businesses don't like to take a lot of risk if they don't have to when it comes to money and income.  
That said, if you like porn and are a bitcoin spender, good news.
@_date: 2014-06-10 15:11:15
Look at the US in the 1800's.  Many people used banks without regulations and we ended up with a lot of shady happenings.  Without laws and regulations, an individual relies on the idea that a banker wont screw around with that individual's money.  
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:02:08
Then you and I are in agreement and apologize if it seems I was at odds with you.
@_date: 2014-02-04 23:17:04
$65USD per tag
@_date: 2014-01-23 18:58:15
I guess Hybridsole might have meant one of the that this would be one of the "Big 5" mobile network providers in the USA.   T-Mobile US comes in at  on the list in the USA. (T-Mobile globally comes in at 
This would be major news world wide if it happened. 
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:01:43
No. There are no federal laws that require any business or private person to accept physical money in exchange for goods or services, or to nullify a debt.   You still have to accept the intangible dollar in some form (Check, Credit Card, online bill pay)
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:10:14
So basically you are saying bitcoin should be used as a way to avoid paying taxes since it is anonymous.   That kind of thinking is what would drive some in the Government to make bitcoins illegal in the US.  Probably by passing laws making it illegal for businesses to accept bitcoins as payment and making bitcoin exchanges in the US illegal as well as making it a felony to buy or mine bitcoins in the US.
It would be better to just pay the taxes than try to avoid them and have the US government stomp on bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-02-11 18:24:55
Maybe I don't understand so if someone could help that would be great:
Why do people store their coins or fiat in an exchange?  Why not store your coins in a cold storage wallet, paper wallet, or just on their PC under serious lock-n-key encrypted security?
I guess if I was to use an exchange, I'd buy coins and move them off the exchange immediately or I'd move in just the number of coins I wanted to sell and get the fiat immediately xfered out.
I don't know why anyone trusts any of the exchanges.  They are not regulated, there is little transparency in their books, we don't know much about the people running the exchanges and they could close up shop and take all bitcoins/fiat stored there for themselves and little can be done about it.
I just don't understand...I'm not calling names here and I'm not impinging on anyone's character or intelligence.  I personally just don't trust my money or coins to any exchange.
@_date: 2014-03-31 21:24:55
Possible but I personally doubt it.  It doesn't hold to what the markets were doing.  Also, I don't know of many bitcoin holders that would see the +$1000 valuation last year as an undesirable thing.
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:03:29
If they are true libertarians, they won't say a word.  They will take the hit, learn their mistake and move on. Libertarians don't want regulation, and they don't cry when a company collapses and they loss all their assets in that company.  
Libertarians would shrug, say "That's life" and move on.
@_date: 2014-03-31 21:35:57
No apology necessary.  I agree with what you said beyond the semantics of what it means to be mainstream and even then we are in agreement so basically....good post.
@_date: 2014-01-28 23:19:28
Now where did you see where I said I hated anyone?  Where is it stated that I am a sociopath or unfeeling?  Putting words into mouth and characterizing me in an evil light doesn't validate your POV.  It makes you look exactly how you are trying to characterize me. 
If decent people are being hurt by this, I honestly have never heard of it happening. Local, regional, national or international news , I haven't seen a story on it. 
If lots of decent folks are upset over this, then why do we not hear about it?  I mean if laws legalizing medical and recreational weed can get on the ballots  in many states, why is this uprising nothing we have heard of?
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:04:02
I guess the point is while I don't think it will hit $10,000 it is in the same realm of possibility as the NSA apologizing for their data gathering on US Citizens. 
@_date: 2014-05-23 17:52:35
(I have accepted Forlarren's apology...but HIS WORDS DO RING TRUE for others in this sub and I agree with what he has posted.)
Wow, yeah, let me stop you there. First, I was a LONG TIME lurker on this sub before I signed up for an account.  Just because I don't have a long posting history doesn't mean I am new here.  
I'm also one of the FEW people in the real media that is a staunch supporter of bitcoin.  I have a one hour radio talk show (based around technology) on a station which is the most listened to in the region.  More people listen to my show than any two AM or FM stations combined in the same midday timeslot.
I talk about bitcoins all the time and dispell a lot of the FUD and half truths the print media says about bitcoins.  I make sure that people are informed of the truth.  Bitcoin isn't a ponzi scheme.  It isn't a company.  Gox isn't the end all/be all of Bitcoins...and so on and so forth.
Please check the 'I've been around forever and you know nothing" at the door.  I'm one of the few people in the  media (not some little known specialized blogger) trying to get the truth out and generate interest in the midwest...the area of the country that bitcoin is the least accepted.  So my fight is a bit harder than someone living on the coasts.
A little bit of thanks instead of bashing would be appreciated.  I made a self-depreciating joke and you pulled the 'You are just a new blood punk' card on me.   That is a bit irritating when here I am doing a hell of a lot more to further bitcoins than most redditors here are doing outside of this sub.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:47:02
I said it before and I will say it again, I agree that people should be respectful of others and not insult those who lost BTC/Fiat to Mt Gox.
I view those who lost BTC/Fiat on Gox in the same light as those who gamble their rent or mortgage payment in a Casino on a craps game. 
They knew the risks that Gox wasn't stable and had a lot of issues. I wouldn't go up to that person and laugh in their face, but I'm also not going to pat them on the back and say "There there. It's ok. I feel for you."
People who were smart about their finances didn't invest more than they were willing to lose. People who were smart moved their BTC and Fiat out of Gox as quickly as possible. People who were smart moved their BTC to cold storage and only used exchanges for small transactions (buy/sell).
People seem to ignore the fact that these exchanges are not regulated, have no oversight, are run by tiny groups of people who are basically saying "Hey, use our website to buy and sell bitcoins. You can just trust us!" but none of the exchanges that I know of have true transparency.
Honestly, they took a risk and they ended up rolling snake-eyes. That's the breaks. I ask then, why should anyone feel terrible for these folks...especially those who knew the risks and still gambled +90% of their net worth? Did they ignore econ 101 when they were taught to diversify their investments, limit their exposure and reduce their risk?
If someone lost Fiat/BTC because of the latest GOXXING, then it was because of their own failure to research the history of Gox or because they knew of the history but ignored it because of greed.
However, nearly EVERYONE (especially anyone posting in KNEW Gox was a game of musical chairs, and those who are now 'victims' are those who decided to try to make money right up until the end and were left without a chair to sit in (i.e. didn't leave Gox).
The fact is, any responsible adult would have done their research on the exchange they were going to use instead of just using it without knowing anything about it. It's like finding an investment firm to use for your retirement fund. You would research their history, problems that others have had with them and what the general feeling is about the company.
A person who wants to start day-trading doesn't just jump into the stock market and buy any stock...they do research and start learning about the market. They don't dump everything they have into one stock unless they are irresponsible.
People SHOULD have done at least a couple days if not a week of reading articles, asking opinions, looking at internet forums and just getting an idea of which the safest exchange was to use.
Those who used Gox did so mainly because the price for BTC was higher than any other exchange....but there were reasons for that which would have come to light with some simple Google-fu.
If people didn't do research, they were not being responsible with their money. 
If people did research or decided to ignore the warnings, then they were gambling and they knew what they were doing.
So, yes, I blame the victims for being GREEDY or Ignorant and their greed and/or ignorance came back to bite them. I'm not celebrating that fact, nor am I happy or smug about it....but I'm not ignoring it either. They took a risk and were burned. That is life.
This is a hard but meaningful lesson they needed to learn. Don't Gamble with more money than you can afford to lose. If you can't shrug your shoulders and go on with your day after losing X amount of money, then X is too much to risk.
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:55:19
You just figured this out now?
@_date: 2014-03-19 13:59:25
Just a note:  If you leave your thread and your posts/comments here, this could be used in court against you.  
Just saying... This is nearly the equivalent of doing a crime and posting the pictures of it to facebook, on the public setting.   Especially the comment I am replying to where you said: "Circumventing had nothing to do with it at the time, but in hindsight, yes it had everything to do with it."
Yeah, that could be used as a confession that you were intentionally structuring payments in order to circumvent AMLs.
Seriously, this feels more like a begging for BTC thread than anything, and you have admitted to structuring payments to get around AMLs.  Perhaps you haven't actually done this and this quandary you are claiming to be in is actually a fish story in order to play on the emotions of redditors in hopes they will donate BTC to you.
I may be wrong and you may have actually done this crime.  The question now becomes, if the love of your life found out you were breaking the law and committing felonies, would she still stay by your side?  Would it shame you if the FBI/Police walked in to your home and arrested you in front of her for the charge of money laundering?   Would she understand it was all for her?  I wonder if your fiance and her family wouldn't mind having a felon for a husband/son-in-law.   
Things like this really can screw with no only YOUR life but her life as well, so if you really loved her, knock off your shady and criminal dealings.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 18:10:15
Doesn't have to be the citizens of developing nations.  $707.41
Average price in the U.S. of a gold iPhone 5S with 16GB of memory, according to Mobile Unlocked.   Same phone in Brazil is $1200, or $1000 in Italy.
@_date: 2014-01-27 20:33:29
I'm a tiny fish in radio.  I broadcast on a regional AM radio station ( most listened to station in our region) in the midwest, covering North Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota, Montana, Canada and streamed live online.  
@_date: 2014-02-05 20:57:03
True.  I was just pointing out that this survey isn't all sunshine and roses if taken at face value 
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:56:01
Just pointing out what others have said when I mentioned this to them. (I happen to agree with their thoughts...hence I posted them)  As for energy, It is a lazy day.  I'm just getting together material for my show and happened to spend time during a lunch break talking online about it.
Also, I have a hard time believing the name choice was arbitrary.  It seems much more deliberate, but if I am wrong then so be it.  I wasn't in the room when you three decided to call yourselves the Satoshi Nakomoto Institute.
I guess the true test would be if we can come back in 10 years to see if the SNI is still around or has grown.
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:50:15
I question the survey since they didn't explain the context of the survey.  (Also if you look at the survey results they are not really pro-bitcoin either)
With any poll/survey, I want to know what the questions were that the pollsters used, how did they contacte people (did they call cellphones? Landlines? Email? Direct Mailings?), where did they take their samples (large cities across the nation? just the coastal areas? did they call rural america/small towns?).  I take any poll with a grain of salt, especially if they don't have transparency on these questions. 
THAT SAID: They explained in this survey they had 750 people respond on landlines and 250 on cellphones.   Still leaves a lot of questions unanswered so this isn't an authoritative poll.
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:48:48
Since this is Bitcoin related and Bitcoin is nothing BUT tech, I certainly will stick to talking about tech...and this will be mentioned in my Tech News section. 
As it stands, I my lunch is over, I have some prep work to do.
@_date: 2014-02-05 21:08:16
All valid points.  I was replying to the first post you made that didn't have the demand included as a reason for the value of bitcoin.   In a round about way I was trying to demonstrate demand. 
So we agree
I was confused because as I said just because something is scarce does not imply it has value.  Bitcoin has value because people have agreed that it does. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 14:23:43
I chortled at that.
@_date: 2014-05-23 18:43:18
I accept your apology and thank you for listening. You are right, my joke was in poor taste and I apologize for that.
I don't have a stream of our show to watch yet...that is in the works right now.  Kfgo.com does live streaming of the station 24/7 (except for some local college football games...blackout and such) so you can certainly listen live to my show, Saturdays 12N-1PM central.  
Once I finally switch my online cloud storage provider, all of my archived shows will be available online to listen to.
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:25:08
My own aircraft.  A 1980 Beechcraft Baron 58P (P for pressurized).  They stopped making the pressurized versions back in 1984 or 85 if I recall correctly.
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:55:11
Used chrome with adblock and I can see it just fine.
@_date: 2014-06-09 21:03:36
Easy enough to do. Just FYI: I'm playing the role of "devil's advocate", not trolling.
The Government doesn't need to 'ban' bitcoins directly.
First, they pass a law that bans businesses of any size (from the self employed to the multinational companies) from accepting Bitcoins directly from customers/clients or payments from companies like Coinbase or Bitpay which change Bitcoins to fiat, with heavy fines that well exceed any payment(s) gained.
Ban any company from doing business with any online Exchange which allows citizens to exchange Fiat for Bitcoins. Heavy fines for companies that ignore this law.
Refuse to allow any Exchange from being licensed as a Money Transmitter in the US, and cancelling the licenses of any Exchanges in the US. The freezing and seizing of any assets in the US associated with online Exchanges outside of the US.
Banks can no longer transmit any funds to any online Exchanges, can no longer service online exchanges with any accounts or services the bank provides, and no longer accept payments for any accounts from an online Exchange or intermediary (so someone couldn't have fiat gained from selling bitcoins on an exchange 'laundered' through a third party transmitter to that someone's bank account). Harsh Fines and penalties for any violations.
Once the government bans businesses from accepting bitcoins, bans companies like Coinbase or Bitpay from doing business in the US (and confiscating any of their assets in the US), refusing any exchanges from doing business in the US, banning banks from accepting payments for customers from exchanges and not allowing banks to let their customers pay for bitcoins with their accounts...
They then would have bascially banned bitcoins.
It would also drive the value of bitcoins down and relegate it to person to person only exchanges.
Evil Finishing Move: The government could make person to person exchanges illegal under some terrorism or money laundering law with fines and imprisonment.
Extra Evil Finishing Move: Freeze the accounts of anyone in the US who has sent money to, or received money from an online Exchange like CoinBase.
It could crash the bitcoin value too as investors and people afraid of government action would panic sell their BTC, which could lead to some exchanges freezing trading or going under...which drives the value even lower.
I also wanted to caution people about saying "Bitcoins can never be banned and the US will never be able to prosecute anyone over using bitcoins"
Mr. von NotHaus, the creator of "Liberty Dollars" managed over 10 years to get more than 60 million real dollars’ worth of his precious metal-backed currency into circulation across the country. So much of his 'fake money' was being used in the US that the prosecutor overseeing his case accused him of “domestic terrorism” for using the "Liberty Dollars" to undermine the government.
In 2006, with millions of the coins in circulation in more than 80 cities, the United States Mint sent Mr. von NotHaus a letter advising that the use of his currency “as circulating money” was a federal crime.
They already set the precedent. They saw Liberty Dollars as a threat and shut it down. If they believe that Bitcoin would become a threat to the US, they probably will pass laws as I stated above.
@_date: 2014-01-22 00:38:35
Really?  
Huh, interesting.  Something I didn't know.  If you could look back in your history (if you posted to the thread) and post a link, I'd love to read more about that.
@_date: 2014-01-31 17:16:10
Again, I'm seeing a coincidence in timing.  The arrest was going to happen regardless of the meeting.  The Silk Roads case has been ongoing and the agencies more than likely had to gather and investigate the evidence, build a case then present it to a judge for a warrant, then wait until he returned to the US to arrest him.
If I was in law enforcement, I would have arrested him at the airport as well for a few reasons:
1) I would know he would be at and exact location at an exact time and date.
2) I am charged by the warrant to find and arrest him as soon as possible (so the soonest I could arrest him would be the moment he steps off the airplane)
3) If I waited to arrest him away from the airport, I either risk the chance of having to search for him and not being 100% sure of where he was.
4) In a public place, there is less chance of him accusing the arresting officers of abuse or not merandizing him properly.   There are witnesses to attest to the fact that the arrest was proper.
5) there is less of a chance of him being tipped off.
6) he is concidered a flight risk so arresting him with no warning and at a place where his options of escape minimized is the best option.
I can understand your point but it starts to feel like a conspiracy story and  I am a strong believer in Occam's razor. The simplest explanation is usually the correct one.
@_date: 2014-03-19 13:19:24
I understand that the question was posed directly to me within my framework and time frame of reference with regard to choice of an exchange.  The point is, I don't have time to do that research for you during the day and provide links and such.  I can make posts depending on the time I have on breaks and between clients.
The fact is, many people here on and bitcointalk left Gox before the boom of 2013 and stuck to the other exchanges.  Those who were greedy or ignorant used Gox.  So again, no, I have little sympathy for anyone who lost Fiat/BTC to Gox.
@_date: 2014-05-14 17:55:07
I dislike Beck.  Period.  If he has changed, then that's great and all but I want to hear an apology for comments such as these (which I heard come directly from his mouth)
**"It took me about a year to start hating the 9/11 victims’ families. I’m so sick of them because they’re always complaining. We did our best for them...  But the second thought I had when I saw these people and they had to shut down the Astrodome and lock it down, I thought: I didn’t think I could hate victims faster than the 9-11 victims...  This is a 90,000-square-mile disaster site, New Orleans is 181 square miles, and that’s all we’re hearing about are the people in New Orleans. Those are the only ones we’re seeing on television are the scumbags. It’s just a small percentage of those who were left in New Orleans, or who decided to stay in New Orleans, and they’re getting all the attention."** -The Glenn Beck Program, Sept. 9 2005  (Screw you buddy, I know families that lost wives/husbands/children on 9/11... Sometimes it takes a while for people to get over losing a spouse they were with for +20 years, or a child they raised and loved for +20 years.  I'd wonder if your wife of 14 years was killed by a terrorist attack, would you still be talking about her 1 year later?  Also are poor, black and angry people now 'scumbags'?)
**I think there is a handful of people who hate America. Unfortunately for them, they are losing their homes in a forest fire today."** –why people who lost their homes in forest fires in California had it coming, The Glenn Beck Program, Oct. 22 2007 (So people in California hate America?)
**“I have been nervous about this interview with you because what I feel like saying is, ‘Sir, prove to me that you are not working with our enemies.’ … And I know you’re not. I’m not accusing you of being an enemy, but that’s the way I feel, and I think a lot of Americans will feel that way.”** - Glenn Beck to Rep. Keith Ellison, the first Muslim in the United States Congress - The Glenn Beck Program, Nov. 14 2006 (Are you that ignorant and narrow minded that you believe all Muslims are 'the enemy'?)
How about his website which includes comedy segments that were either broadcast on or written for his radio show. Like a mock radio jingle about the “jewfish” which contains the lyrics, **"Close your eyes and try to picture a great big friendly jewfish — That is, unless you’re Jewish. Oh yeah, and that reminds us: Jewfish get real stinky of you leave them in the car."**    It also has old radio segments listing “rejected NCAA team names”, which include the “Los Angeles Limp-Wrists”, the “New Jersey Jumpin’ Jews”, and the “Atlanta Murdering Rampage of Savage Rapin’ Injuns.”
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:32:57
Well, +25k listeners a week and a syndication contract would disagree.
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:14:39
I asked a lawyer who does a radio talk show based on people calling in and asking legal questions on the same station I do my technology related talk show, and a financial manager who does a talk show on Sundays where people can call in for financial planning advice (he is also a lawyer who specifically handles bankruptcies and helps setting up businesses).  
I chatted with both of them at a station meeting yesterday and both said that any business or person who holds a debt does not need to accept physical dollars.  As long as that company or private individual accepts dollars in some other way (check, cc, money order, etc) then they do not need to accept physical money.
Also, in my experience most mortgage companies (outside of banks) don't accept physical cash for payments.
@_date: 2014-02-04 17:38:07
So bascially what you are saying is Dogecoin can be the training wheels of Cryptocurrencys.  I like it.
@_date: 2014-01-22 13:38:35
There may be better cases out there...but carved accepts Bitcoins so that makes them better overall.
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:04:10
Sometimes it isn't about promoting yourself.  I found that many people base their ideas of someone on how they dress and look.
Share things about yourself with someone to see if there is a mutual interest.  Share things about yourself that sets you apart from the others of you gender (or stereotypes of your gender).  If you are a guy who can really cook and/or dance, letting a lady know can help perk interest.
That's what those online dating profiles are for, and they are there for good reason.
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:49:31
Fair enough.
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:50:07
But why should there be any negotiations?  Why does bitcoin need to change?  Cash transactions are just as 'anonymous' as bitcoins (even more so as bitcoin has the blockchain ledger).  
 
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:38:53
You didn't read the article, did you?
@_date: 2014-03-20 23:05:00
He spoke to someone who works for DragonCon, more than likely an event planner/PR person who isn't the decision maker.  In fact, the biggest conventions have small help desks with volunteers or hire out some firm to handle requests/emails.  That's how I make the comparison. If DragonCon is small(er), then it is more likely someone higher up, so to speak. 
Even then, the problem is you are wasting your time on people who don't care.  When I worked at M$ help desk for their CRM product, I'd tell users who had ideas, "I'll pass that along to the programmers" but in reality, I'd ignore it and move on to the next call.  I might make a note in the ticket but the programmers never looked at our tickets.   It was standing policy to ignore this 'noise' as it was called and move on. Some were great ideas, but I had no way of contacting the programmers and my manager couldn't care less so why waste my time or his?  We would literally have dozens of people suggesting the same change be made each week, but all that talk never made it to the programmers and per a buddy that still works at the Soft, still doesn't to this day.
Basically, the fact is, if you are not talking to the decision makers then you more than likely are wasting your time and the person you are giving all that info to.   I agree Bitcoin would save a business money, but E-mail the head of the business or the financial planner/CFO.  Don't waste the time of someone who basically is acting as a gateway/firewall since they toss your ideas into the round filing basket or forget them a few seconds after you end the call/move on from your email.
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:10:02
Most people don't care.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:58:23


Shill: to talk about or describe someone or something in a favorable way **because you are being paid to do it.**
A shill, also called a plant or a stooge, is a person who publicly helps a person or organization without disclosing that they have a close relationship with that person or organization.
SHILL: a person who poses as a customer in order to decoy others into participating, as at a gambling house, auction, confidence game.
Simple google search of the word "Shill" brings up this.  I haven't supported Kraken or said anything about them but I'm supposedly being paid by them, to not talk about them, and somehow that will convince people to buy into kraken?  Your logic is....interesting.


Ah, name calling again.  You can tell a lot of a person, their personality, and their intelligence by seeing how fast they revert from discussing facts to name calling and libel.   
As to your comment, No, it reads as if a regular person was just using the example of the way one company does a certain process to the way another company does that same process.   It is like talking about how Microsoft handles their online service for the Xbox One, and someone else bringing up the example of how Sony handles their online service for the PS4, and compare the two.  


No, I bring it up simply to demonstrate I work in a field where I interact with a large number of people. I would like a cookie to be honest since I am hungry, but given the amount of hate, anger, and rage you seem to have at everyone I feel you would probably intentionally poison it.  


So you are basically admitting you are a troll.  Either you like to visit subs on topics that you dislike or you visit subs you like but you'd rather name call, insult others, stir the pot, and generally be a jerk.  I doubt that many people who are not out to create drama have a negative comment history.


There you go name calling again.  See, no one takes you serious if you devolve all your arguments into name calling. It feels as if you are unable to debate in an adult manner with intelligence.   You realize that using your name calling tactics can be taken as a sign of adolescences or immaturity?  Just a heads up.
Now if I am a "shill", please tell us who I am "shilling".   What company, group or person am I being paid to support/promote?   I would be fascinated to know since it would be an income I am unaware of having. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 21:59:49
By your reasoning, if I am a hunter, I have to support the NRA.  If I believe in smaller government, I must join the Republican Party.  If I like what the bitcoin protocol offers but not the beliefs of the user base, I have to either support bitcoin or I am delusional. 
Nice how it is ok for libertarians to force their views on others but cry about the government forcing them to pay taxes.
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:38:02
Thank you for accepting my apology and I don't feel you were being unfair.  You had a valid point from your perspective and if I were in your place, I see how I would feel the same.  The fault here lies with my post and I can admit I should have put more of my thoughts down before I clicked 'save'.
You are totally correct in your statement that the mere mention of "no one cares" brings a trend of many giving up and normalizing apathy.  Not to mention, as you pointed out, ignorance.  I should have been more clear and added more of what I meant to say as it just perpetuated that same trend we spoke of.
@_date: 2014-01-28 21:51:56
The only reason to launder money is if you committed a crime and need to pass the money through legit companies to 'clean and legitimize' the money.  That's it.  Period.
You don't launder your paycheck, nor do you launder the cash you got from a friend for that lunch when you picked up the tab one day. You launder money only because you want to hide the fact that the money you have was gathered from committing a crime.
Regardless if you think the crime shouldn't be a crime, it is a crime.   I don't think weed should be illegal but It is.  I toss my money and support behind groups like NORML and let them fight it out.  
Either try to change that law from within the system, don't commit the crime, or commit the crime and accept the fact that of you get caught, you are ore than likely going to face jail time.
The only folks who want anti-money laundering laws off the books are criminals and anarchists.  They know what they are doing is illegal and want a way to hide/clean their money, so like yourself, they make arguments that it is their personal and private business what they do with their money, that the government is bad and does worse things, and they don't want any laws making what they do illegal.
So if you are not selling drugs, dealing in illegal arms sales, not committing fraud, not stealing others identities, not extorting others, or committing any crimes where you would need to clean your money, then why would you need to launder it? 
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:34:11
Uh, Bitcoin companies were there last year as well...and the year before that from what I hear.
Besides, there were 3 bitcoin-related booths that I saw.   Butterfly Labs (yeah, THAT'S the fricking company we want exposure for /s), Blockchain and BitPay. 
Not many people around their booths but I actually put the marketing guy from Butterfly Labs on the spot in front of a few people with "buyer" badges.
I asked of it was company policy to take customer money and keep the paid for products for company mining use until they were next to worthless and then send the mining products to the customer.
He sputtered and got red in the face and told me I was being rude. 
I replied that it was rude to do that to the customers and I was asking a legit question bases on multiple consumers saying they got their rigs far after the date when the difficulty level of hashing increased to the point the machines were basically worthless. 
The buyers walked away and so did I, leaving him pretty pissed off. 
I don't feel bad doing what I did.  I never bought from them but fark if it doesn't piss me off they are screwing over other redditors who are into mining!
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:09:08
Which country?   Those in the UK, Russia, China, the US, Australia and most third and second world countries say the same thing: "We are fed lies and propaganda!" 
@_date: 2014-04-01 18:18:31
I'll play "Devil's Advocate" and probably be downvoted even if I say that I don't support this happening but here it is:
Bitcoin can't be "banned" but it isn't impossible or close to impossible to kill Bitcoin's main stream appeal as it is  based on Merchants accepting bitcoin.
All the governments of the world (and I'll use the USA as an example) would need to do is the following:
1) Pass a law that bans businesses of any size (from a self employeed programmer to a multinational company) from accepting Bitcoins directly from customers/clients or payments from (or from) companies like Coinbase or Bitpay which change Bitcoins to fiat, with heavy fines that well exceed any payment(s) gained.
2) Ban any US company from doing business with any online Exchange which allows citizens to exchange Fiat for Bitcoins. Heavy fines for companies that ignore this law.
3) Refuse to allow any Exchange from being licensed as a Money Transmitter in the US, and cancelling the licenses of any Exchanges in the US.  The freezing and seizing of any assets in the US associated with online Exchanges. 
4) Banks and CC companies can no longer transmit any funds to any online Exchanges, can no longer service online exchanges with any accounts or services the bank provides, and no longer accept payments for any accounts from an online Exchange or intermediary (so someone couldn't have fiat gained from selling bitcoins on an exchange 'laundered' through a third party transmitter to that someone's bank account).  Harsh Fines and penalties for any violations.
Once the government bans businesses from accepting bitcoins, bans companies like Coinbase or Bitpay from doing business in the US (and confiscating any of their assets in the US), refusing any exchanges from doing business in the US and banning banks from accepting payments for customers from exchanges and not allowing banks or CC companies to let their customers pay for bitcoins with their accounts....then bascially you have banned bitcoins in a country.
It would also drive the value of bitcoins down and relegate it to person to person only exchanges.   Then if the government was feeling evil, they could make person to person exchanges illegal under some terrorism or money laundering law with fines and imprisonment.   Yeah... it could be done.
How likely?  Not so much.
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:18:18
Actually, if I could play Devil's Advocate for a moment, a 51% double spending attack could wipe out all the good work done to get Bitcoin in a positive light.
(in fact it wouldn't just be bitcoin but all altcoins that would be affected)
The mainstream media would use highly sensationalized headlines saying that Bitcoin was 'hacked' (you know that they wouldn't tell the whole truth) and the financial talking heads would point, laugh, and say "See! I told you so"
Bitcoin's reputation, to the layperson, would be undermine and the value would crash as people who are not ardent supporters fled.  Businesses would leave or suspend accepting bitcoins in droves (who wants to accept payment in a currency when that payment could be nullified as if it never happened and there was no record of ever having that payment...and no way to fight back/prove you were owed the money. At least with reversed charges, the company can fight back through the Credit Card companies fraud department for payment)
Again, it isn't the 'truth' but the perception of the truth portrayed by the media that could crash bitcoin if such an attack took place.
So yes, Bitcoin could be wiped out, persay, with such a happening.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:58:55
No,  but even if they helped program the bitcoin protocol based off of SN's paper, it is still pretentious to call this "The Satoshi Nakamoto Institute" as it is just three guys and a website.  Not 500 people/volunteers, buildings, non-residential offices, non-profit tax-exempt status....and the list goes on.
It is not much different than having a computer club and calling one guy the 'President', one the 'Director' and another the "Treasurer".   
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:50:22
My mistake.  Accept my apology, please. 
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:03:10
True, but then you will get on the Feds radar much faster and on the top of the DEA's watch/raid list.   
Start to deal with companies, especially to handle your 'money', outside of the US and the Feds start throwing FUD terms around like "supporting terrorism" and "actively avoiding tax liability" 
@_date: 2014-02-24 23:25:00
thanks...iphones suck to type on with that damn autocorrect 
@_date: 2014-01-23 23:23:14
U.S. Cellular
@_date: 2014-05-23 16:56:25
Totally agree with your comment, I was just pointing out that comparing their early histories (bitcoin and dogecoin) on reddit shows little difference in how the users acted in other subs.
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:49:00
The difference is that a Tumbler is used for only one thing, anonymizing the bitcoins.  Technically a tumbler could be thought of as a money laundering tool, but in reality I doubt many (if any) criminals are using bitcoins to launder the money they made from crimes. 
With a fast food restaurant, or any other food establishment, they are designed to give a product (and service) in exchange for cash.  Unless the fast food joint is owned by the drug dealer and he is using the Fast Food place to launder his drug money, the food place is pretty much safe.
So the difference is the fast food joint is not going to 'clean' the drug dealers money and give it all back to him.  They will give him some food and his change.    The tumbler is going to mix his 'dirty' coins with a bunch of innocent people's clean coins. He is getting back all his coins (minus a service fee if the tumbler charges for their service).
@_date: 2014-01-03 21:45:02
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:36:56
Past performance is not an indication of future performance.
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:56:33
It is easy if someone isn't lazy.  Do some book keeping or use/build some software or an app that does your book keeping for you...but this isn't the major issue everyone seems to make it out to be.
@_date: 2014-01-09 08:33:25
All governments need to do is to make laws banning any business from accepting bitcoins for payment, and make it illegal for any exchanges to sell or allow the sale of bitcoins as well. Finally, make it a class C or B Felony for anyone trying to buy, sell or exchange bitcoins. 
Once they do this, the whole point of bitcoins is out the window.  If bitcoins can't be used as currency to purchase goods or services legally, nor can people buy bitcoins or exchange their bitcoins for fiat money and it carries a felony to even try, then the public more than likely would turn their backs on bitcoins and it is relegated to the dark web.
Don't kid yourself.  If the governments of the world wanted to crush bitcoins, they could do so quick, simple and with minimal outcry.
@_date: 2014-01-20 01:51:32
Most people don't have an original iPhone, iPhone 2, 3, or 3G anymore.   
I was thinking the 4 or 4s.   The five is basically the same but has two screws for the battery instead. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:05:51
Hence the reason I didn't object or take any issues with the rest of your post.
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:24:25
I doubt anyone who claims to be a libertarian (most bitcoin supporters) would want any FDIC like entity for Bitcoin Exchanges.
Sure the customers are covered but now the bank/exchange has a whole list of things it has to do, like gather a lot of personal customer information (SSN, home address, work history...etc) and follow a lot of regulations.
Unsecured Free-Market with semi-anonymity or  FDIC-Secured, regulated exchange with no-anonymity for clients.  One or the other.
@_date: 2014-05-15 16:11:26
I've always been skeptical about 'serious revelations' when it comes to the talking heads.   If that is true, then I still would like to hear an apology for those comments before I would give him a pass.
@_date: 2014-04-10 15:39:33
* 1) Define cryptocurrency.
* 2) Ban it.   &lt;---- YOU DISCOVERED STEP TWO!  My Gawd!
* 3) PROFIT!
@_date: 2014-02-20 15:52:16
Depends.  If the media starts to splash this story up, people start to sue and there is a trial and an outcome of that trial, this could be in the news for a very long time and it WILL stick in their minds.  
Just think of it this way....it took decades after the Pinto debacle for people to trust Fords again. How Toyota responded to its product recall crisis in 2004, 2005, 2007 and the big ones in 2009 and 2010 involving  accelerators, engines and braking and affecting more than 8 million vehicles has people still leery of buying a Toyota.
When it comes to Bitcoin, look at how many people still cite Silk Roads and the correlation to BTC as a reason they have an opinion that Bitcoins are 'bad news' and that they stay away from BTC.
This can only damage BTC's reputation...especially if the media picks up on it and carries this in the news (and if people sue Gox, then it stays in the media...which means they could inadvertently contribute to damage of BTCs reputation.)
   
@_date: 2014-01-21 22:36:37
Ah, true, I wasn't thinking of international transfers.
Point to Bitcoin. 
Edit: upvoted you for proving out your point successfully and respectfully.
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:37:44
He is scared of heights.  So him and small aircraft don't mix.  Also, he takes enough anti-anxiety meds before a flight to calm a herd of stampeding bison.  
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:02:14
One problem:  The Block Chain is publicly available.   
If you are going to ever trade bitcoins for fiat or visa versa, your name and SS# is linked to your activity via an exchange through a checking account or Debit Card. All the IRS needs is the ability to gain access to the customer list of any exchange (by having the Government require exchanges follow the rules to be licensed as a money transmitter) and now they can see what you are doing.  A little work and they can follow any transaction you make via BTC through the Blockchain.
Basically, the Government is going to get their pound of flesh regardless.  If they can't, they just write up laws to ban any businesses from accepting bitcoins in the US, refuse any exchanges the licensing needed to be a money transmitter and basically they have taken away the ability for Bitcoin to become 'mainstream' in the US.  
Then bitcoin becomes an underground-only currency.  The Government has the guns, the laws, and the support (many americans still believe the FUD around Bitcoins...despite the echochamber of of the common person in the US.   If Bitcoin users want to 'go to war' with the US Government, Bitcoin is going to lose.
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:56:41
I chuckled.  +1
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:07:09
Damn...I was just there for CES!!!!
Had this been around there at that time, I would have definitely patronized the D and Golden gate.  Just to show some support of Bitcoin.
Good on ya anyway, regardless! 
@_date: 2014-01-21 19:39:10
Ah, I see.  
Well, I will concede that point as my view point is skewed by my location and that we don't have that as an option in my location of the country. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 01:27:39


I'm not for surveillance of communications or finances *without* law enforcement getting a warrant.  If they have a warrant, then yes, they should be able to do surveillance.    As for "having a government camera inside your house", that is just tin foil silly and no reply is needed.  I am saying that if the police have a warrant from a judge, then they should be able to do surveillance as needed.   I also said that AML laws need reform.


Tell me why *you* feel that you have a need to launder money.  


I'm happy to go to the bank to pull out money for rent or to use and ATM and pull money out to pay bills, just like millions of other Americans who don't see the world through the tinted glasses of conspiracy.   Just like you probably do...or don't.  It sounds as if you would ask for cash from your employer for your pay, any other transfer of money that keeps you from doing business with a bank.   I could be wrong.
In anycase, if you want to continue a discussion with me on this, leave the "Financial Surveillance", "Financial Counter-Surveillance" and other tinfoil words out of it and just answer these three questions, straight forward and with no buzzwords:
1) Why do you need to launder money
2) Do you agree that Anti Money Laundering laws should be reformed to reflect current times (especial in regards to cryptocurrencies) and so AML laws do not put unnecessary burdens on common citizens?
3) Do you think criminals should be prosecuted for taking money gained from a crime and trying to hide it or use legit businesses to funnel that money through so the criminals can benefit from their crime?   (Yes, they should be prosecuted for the crime that brought them the money...should they be also charged with trying to conceal the money?)
@_date: 2014-02-05 17:12:58
Well, yes, this makes sense.  Cash can trade hands without any ledger of the transaction.   Bitcoin has the blockchain that authorities could use to trace a single coin back to its original source if they so chose to put the effort into it.
That said, Bitcoin being used to launder money is a red herring.   I doubt that criminal elements (beyond hackers) are going to use bitcoin to launder money.
@_date: 2014-02-20 15:26:36
Libertarianism is in opposition to regulations on how businesses should run themselves.  Libertarians still would/should sue and have a right to be protected from fraud (if that is what is going on), but that doesn't negate the fact that this can happen to all the exchanges if the people at the top decide, for what ever reason (good or ill), to close up shop. 
No regulations on exchanges has me shaking my head.  Any person can set up an exchange with the right programming and hardware...funding and marketing helps too.   The fact is, it is just one or a few people saying "Trust us!  We are your Fiat and BTC Bank/Exchange!"   There is nothing stopping any exchange from just walking away with the funds if they so desire...maybe fear of prosecution...but if they cover their tracks and have a good cover story, they can walk away with it all. 
I'm not calling for regulations/oversight...but folks, IF Gox is going to fold and take everyone's money (fiat and BTC) then what is stopping any other exchange from doing the same (besides the good intentions of the guys at the top)?  If Bitcoin is going to be taken seriously by the general public, we are going to need something like regulations, oversight, laws in place to prevent exchanges from pulling a Gox.
@_date: 2014-05-14 17:19:24
Well, like it or not, I found it funny and chuckled at it.  
fun·ny  (ˈfənē)
**1 causing laughter or amusement; humorous.** "a funny story"
 2 difficult to explain or understand; strange.  "I had a funny feeling you'd be around"
@_date: 2014-05-14 18:19:00
So has Beck apologized for some of the stuff he has said (Like hating the families of 9/11 victims and calling them 'whinners', that the people in California who lost their homes to wildfires are 'haters of America', that all muslims hate america and are our enemies?)
Get back to me about those 'sorry, I was wrong' statements from him about his comments and I may give him a second look. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 23:19:06
First Gen products usually can be improved and cost more money than the following generations.
@_date: 2014-01-14 19:07:20
The problem isn't that their are other altcoins out there that avoid this issue.   The problem is that if the media starts running FUD about double payment attacks, all Altcoins are going to take a hit in confidence, regardless of their design.
Most of the general public hardly knows how Bitcoins work, few know about other altcoins, and even fewer know what the difference is between the altcoins.   I'm not detracting from Peercoin or NXT at all...but they are not often talked about on the news or in the media so most people are not aware of them.  Fewer still are aware of how they are different from Bitcoins
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:50:56
Dollars are not required to be accepted.  There are no federal laws that say a person or business must accept "legal tender"
@_date: 2014-05-14 17:26:56
While I personally support legalization (or at the very least, decriminalization) of MJ, I also know that MJ has a reputation that has been drilled into the general population via untrue and stereotypical propaganda.
I'm not sure linking Bitcoins with medical MJ is the best image to put on Bitcoins...but whatever.  
As they say "Its all good" 
@_date: 2014-03-31 22:26:55
That's tomorrow.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:26:31


If you say so.  First, there are ways of stating the truth.  If you do it respectfully and honestly, people will tend to listen to what you have to say.   However by name calling, those who read your posts will disregard your 'truth' since those who really do speak true points rarely have to delve into crude insults of others.


I'm a Bitcoin shill?  Really?   Ok...I guess?  


I have a some coins but I'd easily be able to turn that into fiat and toss it into a fire, never to miss it or care.  It wouldn't affect me long or short term.  I am not a gambler and bitcoin would have to hit $10k a coin for me to even start caring about the value of bitcoins, based on what I have in my own wallet.


If you hate then may I suggest You would be happier there.
@_date: 2014-02-05 21:03:34
I missed the /s before.  I was using my iPhone and the screen is a bit small
@_date: 2014-02-20 17:46:12
You know it is very very possible that Gox is still accepting Fiat but has no plans of ever giving you back fiat or BTC in return.  This is very likely a Honeypot to draw in people because the deals are so sweet. It is a trap you won't be able to get out of.
@_date: 2014-01-04 19:46:29
I used the first three links.   The third link is to the wiki which has a links to like a dozen map sites
@_date: 2014-01-21 18:08:41
And with the winning comment!
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:43:03
And Plasma's were a few years before that too.   
4Ks were big last year but since hardly anyone has any 4k recording devices out yet and there is hardly any 4k entertainment media (over the air, streaming or on Disk) out either, I don't see 4k catching on in a big way.  Especially as many people have just upgraded to a new HD tv in the last 3-5 years.  
I'm in the market for a new +65" TV in my living room but I am taking a wait and see approach to 4k and the curved TVs.   Given the talk during and after CES, it looks to be a lukewarm reception.
@_date: 2014-02-04 23:29:49
I shop online for computer hardware, mobile devices, TVs and entertainment (movies, music, books)
I physically shop for clothes, furniture, vehicles and food.
Physical shopping has it's place.
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:20:48
This is an archive website run by three guys.  It's a club...with a website.
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:46:04
Just a point: The "whole world" isn't watching the pool operators. Most people don't really know much about bitcoins and even less know about a double payment attack and the reason "51% hashing power" is bad, and even fewer are 'watching' the hashing power....and most of those people are members or viewers of this subreddit. 
Otherwise...I pretty much agree.
@_date: 2014-03-19 15:19:22
So you are someone who was Goxed and now want sympathy or understanding from the community?  Yeah, I didn't see many, if any, posts here supporting those who lost their BTC/Fiat to Gox after the Feb shuttering.  It isn't likely to change either.
I'm sorry you take it personally, but with the number of issues Gox has had that few if any other exchanges went through, I find it hard to feel for you.   
If you don't care for my stance, I understand.  I have repeatedly said the same thing (nearly word for word) on my radio show and I don't apologize for feeling the way I do. 
Lets just look at the highlights of  using Gox since it opened, like the hacking of Gox in 2011 or the 'trading cool down' incident of April 2013, the Department of Homeland Security seizing Mt Gox assets from Dwolla, the suspension of USD withdrawals on June 20th, 2013 or the 'significant losses' due to deposit issues on August 5, 2013, then the complete failure in Feb 2014.  It didn't take a financial guru to see trouble.
@_date: 2014-01-14 22:46:07
I guess the big question is "are there a lot of concern of a double payment attack in name coins?"  Are there a bunch of transactions and companies that would be affected by this? 
@_date: 2014-01-02 18:40:15
Is it really infinitely divisible though?   Wouldn't the dev's have to do a lot of retooling if we added another 10^X division?   In theory it is, but in practice, there is a lot of pushback because of the work involved.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:08:14
And please, pray tell, how is the Bitcoin Protocol a con?  It often seems as if those with little knowledge of Bitcoin, computers (especially programming) are the first ones to say it is a Con.  
I must ask, have you ever looked at the source code for Bitcoin?  Do you do work in IT, Networking or even as a basic computer repair tech?   
@_date: 2014-05-06 23:47:44
For a 4-15 minute fight (if we are lucky), there will be hardly any mention of Bitcoins.   At least with the Nascar, you saw the paint job on the car for a good amount of that 2 hours and the commentators talked about dogecoin.
During an MMA fight, the announcers hardly ever mention the sponsors of the fighters.  IF you are honestly wanting this to be a marketing pitch for bitcoin, budget for a 10-30 second TV advertisement right before or after his fight where we can tell people WHY they should use bitcoin and what the benefits are.
Sponsoring a fighter is for established companies that people know about (locally, nationally or world wide).  The companies sponsor the fighter because the winner used/is using their gear or product which means fans and wanna-bes will buy the same things the fighter is using.
This is marketing 101.   
@_date: 2014-02-10 20:05:14
Don't the beliefs of mainstream libertarianism include a completely free, completely unregulated, free-market with all government agencies and local services (police, fire, dot) handled by private companies?
I haven't met a libertarian yet who believes anything else so this would be new.
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:54:35
I'm not bashing here but if those who believe in Libertarianism are complaining about losing their money/bitcoins at Mt Gox, they are not true Libertarians.  This is a taste of what can happen on the unregulated free market.  Suck it up and accept the loss as a learning experience.
@_date: 2014-05-23 16:12:33
Really?   Dogecoin was made as a parody.  It wasn't meant to be serious or compete with Bitcoins.   The younger people with senses of humor gravitated towards it as Bitcoin didn't appeal to some of them.   
Bitcoin isn't fun for a lot of non-geeky people.  The community isn't that welcoming and everyone seems to have that wall street investor mentality.  
I'll be straight up with you: Unless bitcoin can become as easy to use as sliding a credit card through a reader all the time, and no one has to remember a umpteen long code to access their money, bitcoin is going to stay in the shadows of fiat.  Hell, most people have issues remembering a 4 digit PIN code and couldn't even begin to tell you what their bank account number is...that is most people...some outliers obviously.   
Dogecoin at least is a fun way to introduce people into cryptocurrencies.  ESPECIALLY CHILDREN!   
Honestly, bitcoiners are being VERY short sighted!  We should embrace Dogecoin as the primer tool to use for getting kids into cryptos.  Remember it is the next generation that will decide if cryptos will take off, not our generation.  
You know why the PC took off over Apple?  In part, Microsoft and IBM were giving schools computers, where the schools trained the children to use DOS and (later) Windows.   They wanted to win the long game and went after the next generation, building their future user base.
That is what dogecoin can be used for since at some point, most people put away childish things and move on.   Move on from Doge to Bitcoins.
Or use Doge for micro transactions (coffee, cigarettes, lunch, car wash) while using Bitcoins for the big purchases (Morgage/Rent, Car payment, new computer)
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:24:55
I would assume you are correct.
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:10:51
Explain then why ISPs and Electric Companies can refuse to accept physical dollars and only accept payment for your debt (a bill for last month's electric usage...I.E. a debt) with Check, Credit Card, or online billpay?  
Businesses and private citizens are not required to accept physical USD for debts. Just some form of median that can transfer intangible USD.
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:35:23
Well, I believe it would cause us to go back to a time when we had no banking regulations and the country was being hit by a banking crisis every six months or so.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:58:18
I'm not keeping it Bitcoin in a 'box'.  I'm saying small businesses (a guy and two employees or a company with under 50 employees)  which are the majority of those who are starting to accept bitcoins, shouldn't be expected to prop up bitcoins.  
They are working with extremely slim margins of profit anyway and are being squeezed on all sides already.  Healthcare costs, vendor prices rising, rent, taxes, payroll, licenses, fees...it all adds up and now we are saying "Hey, take a risk and hold on to payments made in BTC!  Don't cash them out." 
It doesn't fly if you are asking a business to eat the cost of a product on the books and put the 'payment' to the side and hold onto it on the off chance that the value of that 'payment' will increase so they could make a better profit.   
Let's say the net profit is $2000 a month for small business (after all payments are made) and they use Coinbase to convert their BTC to Dollars immediately.  If they are doing $1000 a month (example) in BTC sales, now their net profit is cut in half...and they are not guaranteed they would ever see the other complete half of that profit.  In fact they may only be able to gain 1/2 or 1/4 of their profit back...or they might be able to gain...it's a risk and if the owner is willing to accept that risk, great. 
Next example: A small business with five employees.   They are making $500 free and clear a month, but they take in $500 a month in BTC.   In this case, I say have Coinbase or Bitpay is this business' ticket.  They can't afford to gamble on the value of BTC.
In real life, most small business owners don't have the time to watch over the BTC prices and try to get the best return for their coins.  Many small business owners spend 10-16 hours a day just working on their business be there or at their home office.  Most are not tech savvy and don't fully understand bitcoins anyway.  
You are advocating that the small businesses should shoulder the currency risk....and no...they shouldn't.  We are asking them to accept our BTC in the first place, and now you would like them to just hold all their BTCs to help prop up the value? 
I'm sorry but I side with the merchants/vendors/small businesses on this.  If BTC can't be a currency without the merchants/vendors/small businesses hording them, then it shouldn't be a currency.
This shouldn't be on the merchants' shoulders.
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:01:39
what is with the ad homonem attack, trying to paint me as a racist who believe in slavery?!?  My question so bothered you that you resort to Slander tactics?  Really?  That doesn't make your argument valid, or invalidate mine....it just shows that you can not have a civil, adult discussion.   
Now, back to the discussion without name calling or slander.  I know a little about that belief system.  I personally don't see how it would work, given human nature and the fact that some people naturally want to rule over others and Anarcho-capitalism would end up as a minarchist state.
If you subscribe to the idea of letting private companies compete to act as law enforcement, our court system and our military, I take issue with that.  I already get upset thinking about private companies jailing our criminals (and a lot of those 'criminals' are non-violent drug users).  Doesn't it give you pause to think about how many companies in our current society are in the news over some corruption they are caught up in or some law they have broken?   I look back to the 1900's-1970's and see how terrible some of those companies treated their employees, but lets get rid of regulations because we can trust companies not to abuse their power (especially private police and military companies).
Personally, I don't see this ever happening in the US but I would definitely love to see some country try it, just to see the fireworks of what happens afterwards.
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:49:39
Most Libertarians want anarchy in some form or other.  I'm not saying it's good or bad...just pointing out fact.
Also, if you want to see what happens when an industry goes from regulation to deregulation, look at the airlines and specifically [American Airlines Flight 191](    Deregulation created the S+L crisis of the 80's and the Great Recession we just went through (and some claim we are still going through.  Thanks gramm leach bliley act) 
@_date: 2014-03-27 21:35:32
I judge alt coins on it's user base because supporting that alt-coin is saying I support the user base and their beliefs.
It's like supporting a political party or organization (like the NRA).  I can like hunting but I don't have to support the NRA to support firearms for sporting.  I might like small government but that doesn't mean I support the Republican party.
I can support the Bitcoin protocol but that doesn't mean I have to support bitcoin since I don't believe in that which the majority of bitcoin users believe.
As for taxation, I don't understand your double-negative thought process.  Honestly.   Either way, I don't have any toll or private roads around me.  There is a toll bridge I have used since it was the quickest way from point A to B and it was worth it for me.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:25:45
Whave, I totally understand where you are coming from.  I'm more talking about those who don't have your view.  They invested +90% of their entire net worth into GOX and now it is gone. That's the folks I'm mainly talking about.
I blame GOX for mismanagement!  This is completely their fault.  I just think that after seeing repeated stories and the fact that nearly every MT. Gox thread here had tons of people explaining why folks should avoid Gox, there is enough blame to go around for everyone involved.
+1 however for your acceptance of your own risk-taking.   It takes a man to admit his own mistakes.
@_date: 2014-03-20 18:01:36
If less than 1% of the 'fan base' asks them to take bitcoins in payment and they refuse, I doubt it is going to hurt them all that much if less than 1% of their 'fans' show up.
Something similar happened at a local convention over paypal years back and the convention told the group (like 3 people who wanted it), politely, No, we are not accepting paypal payments.  Cash, Charge, or Check.   The group kept going on and on at the payment/check in table to the point that those of us in line were getting upset at them and PayPal.   The guys who run the convention finally came to the desk and told the group that if they wanted a convention that accepted PayPal, they could either make their own convention or find a convention elsewhere in the country that accepted PayPal and go to that one.  
I happen to agree.   If you want a business to accept bitcoin and their first response is NO and if you explain why they should accept bitcoin and their response is still NO, then drop it.   Otherwise start your own business/convention/whatever and make accept bitcoins part of your business.   Don't tell others how to run their business.  You can make a simple suggestion and leave it at that.
This precious snowflake generation (i.e. millennials) really seems to have delusions of grandeur and entitlement issues.
@_date: 2014-01-02 20:07:27
I don't remember anyone around Jan 2013 saying Bitcoin would be +$800 by the end of summer.   
If they did, they were lucky but it was not foresight.  
@_date: 2014-01-09 09:59:42
Nothing wrong with  other than being, you know, illegal. 
Just pointing out that DDOS attacks are, in the USA, illegal under the Computer Fraud and Abuse act and considered terrorism under the Patriot Act.  (I'm just pointing out the reality and not saying I am for or against that law). 
@_date: 2014-02-11 18:27:30
Maybe I don't understand so if someone could help that would be great:
Why do people store their coins or fiat in an exchange? 
Why not store your coins in a cold storage wallet, paper wallet, or just on their PC under serious lock-n-key encrypted security?
I guess if I was to use an exchange, I'd buy coins and move them off the exchange immediately or I'd move in just the number of coins I wanted to sell and get the fiat immediately transferred out.
I don't know why anyone trusts any of the exchanges. They are not regulated, there is little transparency in their books, we don't know much about the people running the exchanges and they could close up shop and take all bitcoins/fiat stored there for themselves and little can be done about it.
I just don't understand...I'm not calling names here and I'm not impinging on anyone's character or intelligence. I personally just don't trust my money or coins to any exchange.
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:11:34
You can say that but you need to convince 89 year old grandma, 40 year old married couples and your younger peers who completely ignore learning about technology outside of Facebook and how to use their smartphone.
It has to be as simple as laying a five dollars bill on a counter of a gas station for a pack of smokes, or someone leaving a tip for their waitress with a few dollars coins. 
Until Bitcoin can be 1) used in everyday life as thoughtlessly and easily as fiat money  2) used in credit card/debit card transactions 3) have a physical way of transferring them without any technology connected to the Internet...until these things happen, Bitcoin is and will remain the redheaded step cousin of Fiat money in the common layperson's mind
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:28:47
The way the banks see it, Bitcoin is a fringe thing that honestly isn't competition.  Trillions and Trillions of Fiat and debt are moved around the world daily. Bitcoin is lucky if it can hit a few million.
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:45:23
Different tiger all together.  Remember, the MP3 format came out in 1995.  Winamp came out in 1997, the first music sharing site MP3.com came out in 1998, the first mp3 player came out in 1998, but it wasn't until 1999 when napster hit, and not until 2000/2001 before mp3 file sharing hit main stream and took off.
Why?  Because it filled a want, a desire people had.
Bitcoin doesn't yet fill a want or need for most people.  If it, we would be in the throes of the Bitcoin revolution right now, with nightly news stories and everyone talking about them.  As it stands, few regular folks outside of our little circle really care one way or the other about bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:03:56
I hear you but even I don't want pull out my debit card or even want to think about a Bitcoin transaction over a pack of gum or a pack of cigarettes.  Coins/paper currency works just fine for that.
I want to ask for my poison, be told the amount owed, drop that amount in paper money or coins and walk out.  I don't want to wait around for 5 minutes as we go through a Bitcoin transaction and I don't want to mess with debit/credit card transactions for something so tiny (monetarily speaking)
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:24:45
They would hide behind their "compliance with ALM's and the uncertainty of unregulated monetary capital". 
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:48:25
Until the plumber, grandparents, mom's and dad's and non techie college kids all jump on board, Bitcoin is staying right where it is now. Relegated for use with a tiny sliver of the population.
Bitcoin needs to fill a desire almost everyone has, and be as easy or easier to use than fiat.  Right now, that isn't the case. Think of it like MP3's.  Mp3 format came out in 1995 but it wasn't until 1998 that it started making waves with the geek population and even then it wasn't a thing the everyday person cared about.  Enter the MP3 player, lower hard drive costs, the internet gaining ground with the general population, faster internet speeds and the advent of Napster.  Now people could have hundreds to thousands of songs in a device that was half or 1/4 the size of the cd player, or store tens of thousands of songs on their computers.  It killed the CD format in less than 10 years.
Right now, BITCOIN is like the MP3 format.  Has a small following but hasn't gone viral.  We need the equivalent of the MP3 player for Bitcoin to take off with the general population.
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:23:09
Actually, from my own experiences talking with people who call in to my show, people (in the midwest) on a whole don't really care.  It is magic money to them and just the mention of ALM'S have them, in their minds, putting Bitcoin in with criminals/hackers.  You and I know different,  but the media has really dropped off in coverage of bitcoin.  You don't hear about it every other day like we did in 2012/2013.  
Americans have the 24 hour news cycle which means many do not remember the "fluff" stories beyond a week or so.  Because of that, Bitcoin isn't on their mind.
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:01:51
I'm seeing more and more signs in small businesses in the local area that say "We do NOT accept checks or Bitcoin"
I have a feeling one of local redditors who are big into bit coin have been going around and harassing businesses. I think it would be a great form of payment, but explaining it to someone who owns a business needs to be handled delicately, otherwise we risk businesses saying "NO" When we ask them to accept BC.
@_date: 2013-12-14 00:56:07
No problem, no offense taken :)
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:45:28
"Sure thing. But calling someone a 'fucking loser' with a throwaway account is pathetic."
That I agree with you on.
And I see the audio was uploaded.  This is good news but again, Overstock is publicly traded so they have a Board of Directors and stockholders.  The CEO may want to go in this direction but it has to get past the Board first, and possibly a stockholder vote.  I'd wait on the cheering for now.
@_date: 2013-12-04 01:34:49
I don't know if you should be a 'zealot' at all as zealots often turn the general population against whatever you are being a zealot over.
Religious zealots are not looked upon kindly, nor are comic book zealots (fanbois), or bitcoin zealots.  
Personally, I don't see litecoin having a value beyond that of bitcoin. Heck, bitcoin can only work by propping itself against a current currency or currencies (USD, Pound, Rupee..whatever).  In an of itself, Bitcoin is worthless.  Merchants wouldn't accept Bitcoins if they were unable to convert them into hard currency. 
In fact, many reddit posters talk about how much their Bitcoins are worth in Dollars or Pound, so even many Zealots would grudgingly agree that bitcoins really are only a way to transfer real word currency.
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:19:51
In the words of Jason 'Jinx' Taylor:
"Life is stealing from you. Literally. Surcharge by Transaction Fee. 
Convenience is bleeding you dry. Satoshi by satoshi. Chump change. That 0.0001322 Bitcoin you don't even bother to bend over to pick up on the sidewalk is the same 0.0001322 Bitcoin you get bent over for by all these services. 
You want to call 411, that'll cost 0.00066 Bitcoins. You want to actually place that call, that'll be an additional 0.00066 Bitcoins. That adds up to guys like you and me. On any given day, I have 0.026 Bitcoins before pay day. Whatever. But don't even think about trying to withdraw your Cryptomoney. It'll cost you 0.002 Bitcoins to get your 0.026 Bitcoins. Which means I only have 0.02446 Bitcoins after the frickin' exchange takes its cut, which means I don't have 0.026 Bitcoins. I have insufficient funds."
@_date: 2013-12-11 15:29:59
Then our opinions differ here.  I work in IT as a senior network engineer and I resisted getting a smart phone until just over two years ago because I thought as you do.  
I had my laptop to do surfing and everything else a smartphone did and I had an LG flipphone that made calls and I could text on so why would I want a smartphone?
Until my current employer required I have a smartphone.  They let me choose any smartphone I wanted and they would pay for it and the unlimited call/text/data plan.   I went with the HTC EVO 4G and I was pretty much hooked after the first few days of having it.
Then my employer moved to iPhones and I was told 'here is an iPhone 4 to replace your EVO' about 8 months after I first got my EVO.  They told me to keep the EVO as my own property as they would just throw it anyway.
Four months ago, my employer moved me up to an iPhone 5 and I got to keep the old iPhone 4.    I'm told when the iPhone 6 is released, I will be upgraded to one of them and I can keep the 5.
I have found a smartphone has not only changed how I work but has made my job easier and allowed me to work smarter.   Now I don't have to drag out my laptop to check my email.  I can complete many client issues just by using the smartphone.
I have text and email alerts when APs go down, when client servers have issues, when a client's AV software blocks/detects an infection on their network, when hardware fails... the smartphone lets me know instantly.
I can view IP based cameras in my office to make sure my team is doing their jobs or to setup/check/fix ip based security cameras at our client's offices/warehouse/homes.
AP detection aps allow me to find WAPs at a new client's building if they don't know where their current APs are located.
I could go on and on but I'll say this, in my line of work a smartphone is an under-appreciated and (imho) indispensable work accessory.  
Paired with my Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 and my Thinkpad T430, I can't say enough about how easy they have made my job.
@_date: 2013-12-13 23:14:48
Makes it easier for the user?   I can just transfer bitcoins to a wallet. 
Your way is kinda tough for people in countries (like the US) whose government is making it tough to get money from the bitcoin exchanges.
Besides, I thought the goal of bitcoin supporters was to make bitcoins easy for the regular joe and jane to use.  
@_date: 2013-11-19 00:46:34
Ah, didn't read the pdf.  Thanks
@_date: 2013-12-09 15:46:26
I did say most, not all.
That said, how many average people are going to buy a Laborghini, in Newport Beach, with bitcoins?    Shopify...well perhaps if you are looking for giftcards for the holiday or a birthday.  Etsy?  Well of course everyone and their family is into model rocketry.   
Again, the majority of non-geek do not even know about bitcoin or care.  Those that have heard about it mainly ignore it or believe it is a scam.   
Let us be honest, is a place where bitcoin enthusiasts come to talk, but it can be an echo chamber.  The majority of Americans and Europeans don't know or care about Bitcoins as a currency.   
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:05:08
Yes, the 16 to 21 year old people interviewed for this report that have a smart phone or tablet also have enough real world experience, knowledge of history, and foresight to predict what all Canadians will do.
Perhaps I mistakenly thought that this report isn't accurate as it:
1) failed to take into account those without a smart phone or tablet or
2) Those taking the survey decided to ignore those people without a smart phone or tablet so the results were skewed in a way they wanted.
(I also realize you are being sarcastic)
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:02:23
@_date: 2013-12-20 23:33:05
You are welcome.  This is a great self post you made.
I also agree with you as well on the misunderstanding of what BTC truely is.
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:37:12
Wall Street firms would see the possibility of bitcoins being an investment opportunity.  Most local banks don't give bitcoins a second thought.  Just like a majority of Savings and Loan or community run banks ignore bitcoins.
I doubt they are doing more negative than positive bitcoin stories based on who gives them ad money, especially when we have story after story about Investment firms suggesting or supporting bitcoin investing.
 
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:45:01
That's cool.  Personally, I don't care.  If Overstock has an awesome painting for $150 that I want for wall art in my place and they accept Bitcoins but no discount, I'm going to buy from them.  A $3 discount isn't going to sway my decision to buy it or not buy it.
I keep hearing over and over on "Merchants should pass the savings they are getting for bitcoin transactions to us as discounts!" or "Merchants that accept Bitcoins should give us discounts on their products/services if we buy with bitcoins!"
In today's world, many companies have razor thin profit margins on their products/services. Asking them to give you a deeper discount on their products just because you are buying with Bitcoins is a bit silly.  
Where is the profit and point for them to accept bitcoins if they are making less money (even with lower transaction feels) than what they are making on those buying with Credit Cards (with higher transaction fees)?  Companies are in it for the profit. 
I don't expect nor would I ask a company to give me a discount just because I am using bitcoins to buy from them.  Sure I know they are getting 2% more from my transaction because the transaction fee is lower...I don't care.  That what they are in business to do...make money.
They have something I want, it seems a reasonable price to me so I will buy.  So I happen to know they are going to make $3 more off me if I use bitcoins over my debit card.   Again, I don't care...I'm not cheap nor am I hurting for cash where I have to watch every penny (nor am I making any comment about you).
@_date: 2013-12-13 23:12:39
Yes, they should earn revenue from it!  Either from a monthly fee from the user, a transaction fee from the business (or user).  This isn't a credit card so you aren't borrowing money to pay back...so no interest rates are involved here.
First, they are creating a card for you to use so they need to purchase equipment to create the cards...or they pay another company to make the cards and then they need equipment to program the cards' strips.  That isn't cheap.
Second, they need to create a database and maintain it with all the card holders and link those cards to a wallet...or have a database and webserver where you pay in X bit to a wallet that you can withdraw bitcoins from via the card.  Even if they have a hosting service, they still have to pay a monthly fee for that.
Third, now they have to set up a network (like Visa or Mastercard) or link up to BitPay.  BitPay is going to want a cut of the transactions.  
Finally, they are not doing this out of charity or the kindness of their hearts.  This isn't a non-profit.  They have to pay themselves and possibly employees.
Selling the card isn't going to work as it won't keep their service up and running.
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:42:14
Your local Stop-N-Rob buys and sells gold?   Your local car mechanic accepts paypal?  No, most business accept cash and card (and they hate credit cards and debit card because of the transaction fees and paperwork). Most don't accept paypal and that is just another way to be paid in USD.  It would be easier to convince them to use Paypal than BitPay.  
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:30:32
As I have said before "while all answers are replies, not all replies are answers." 
Your response had nothing to do with the comment I made.   
Some companies are already tired of 'donations' of cryptocurrency and have no,...NO...inclination to accept them, now or in the future (well at least until the US government takes a stand on which way they fall on businesses using/accepting cryptocurrencies)   
I have had to set up email filters for 5 local companies on their request (3 non-profits and 2 regular businesses) to block any email that contains bitcoin donations, the words associated with Bitcoins (Cryptocurrency, Bitcoin and others), and from certain email domains known to be associated with bitcoin exchanges and companies (such as CoinKite).
@_date: 2013-12-12 20:12:43
Yes, because who needs an agency collecting or analyzing information about financial transactions in order to combat money laundering, terrorist financiers, and other financial crimes.  Just because they see this as a money-service and asked him to register or shut down doesn't make this agency a group of jack-booted fascists. 
I'd also point out that in March the director of FinCEN said about Bitcoins: 
"No new rules, no new regulations. We issued the guidelines to say how we see virtual currencies within the Bank Secrecy Act and record-keeping [and] reporting responsibilities.  Virtual currencies are subject to the same rules as other currencies. … Basic money-services business rules apply here.”
@_date: 2013-12-04 22:46:24
But doesn't BitPay limit the amount of transactions per day?
@_date: 2013-12-12 20:06:29
Huh?  I missed where they used any violence...unless you believe a strongly worded letter is the same as a physical ass kicking.
@_date: 2013-12-31 15:21:43
There is a point between optimism and overly-hyped wishful thinking.
I read the article and take what they claim with a grain of salt the size of the pacific ocean.  
@_date: 2013-12-27 00:46:13
If there was proper incentive to run a node, sure.   The power and bandwidth requirements IMHO don't make it worthwhile.
@_date: 2013-12-14 00:06:39
Ah, I gotcha.  That's a good point.  The only problem is trying to explain how bitcoins are 'digital gold' to an older business owner, how to buy/sell them, how to setup a digital wallet, how to use the exchanges.   I just have a feeling many would tune out half way through a demonstration/presentation.
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:23:08
Well, while he wasn't tactful in his comment, has a point.  Most people at Byrne's level wouldn't talk to a blogger, let alone a reporter.   They have PR people do that kind of work.  If it was a 60 minutes reporter or someone from one of the major new networks, then someone like Byrnes may talk to them...but not a blogger/minor reporter.
Edit: Also, the time someone has been registered on a website does not negate or lessen the truth in their comments.
Edit 2: this comment made before the audio link was on the website
@_date: 2013-12-05 21:17:35
I see dollars as currency.  I don't see Bitcoins as currency...yet.  Again, I can walk into any business and pay in cash.  Most businesses don't directly accept bitcoins.  I don't know many grocery stores that will take a Bitpay payment at the register, do you?
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:57:15
I have to say, I got into litecoin and bitcoin to make money.  Not to use it as a currency.  I'll ride it until I feel it's time to get out and I'll dump all my bitcoins at once.  I don't consider bitcoin a currency...it's just a way to make money.  That's my own feelings though and I fully respect those that see it as a currency.
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:33:51
In Theory.  In reality, companies are out to make money and the savings they may have in BTC transactions does not mean they would be reducing prices and give discounts to those buying with BTCs.  What is the incentive for a company to accept BTCs then?  People are going to buy at that website or store regardless if they accept BTCs or not.  
More likely they would make BTC an option for payment but not over any incentive to those paying in BTCs.    They would pocket the extra 2% savings.
@_date: 2013-12-11 18:52:30
Well if he bought it via a website, it is possible that this is a confirmation page or such for web purchases.
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:01:33
A few things.  
First, no, only 42% know it is a virtual "currency"
Second, 46% said they weren't sure what Bitcoin was.
Third, just because someone is aware of it doesn't mean they support it, see it as a good idea, want to use it or feel it is anything more than a novelty.
As the article states (and from my own experience) merchants are asking "What can it do for me?  Why should I accept it?"  When I have explained how low the 'transaction fee' is for accepting Bitcoins, they normally shrug and say 'what else'?
We have a LONG way to go before Bitcoin is accepted by the general population as a currency which can work in tandem (or replace) the USD for daily purchases.
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:51:59
Many of these comments like were made on the article when it was text only and there was no audio link yet and no other articles were out there.   
It is all about context.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:28:06
Again, it isn't 'fear' it is caution and well deserved caution. Liberty dollars are a good example on why they are cautious.
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:40:41
When I click your link it shows that all those 'circlejerking' responses were made 1-2 years ago, Not sure what you were trying to point out, here.
The posts and comments are all 1-2 years old....
submitted 2 years ago by Raerth to technology (60 comments)
submitted 2 years ago by fly2u to Bitcoin (24 comments)
submitted 1 year ago by jellyofguava to cyber_politics (0 comments)
submitted 2 years ago by 1338h4x to SRSBusiness (8 comments)
submitted 2 years ago by cptnroger to techsnap (1 comment)
submitted 2 years ago by scratches to TrueReddit (5 comments)
submitted 2 years ago by scratches to TrueReddit (0 comments)
submitted 2 years ago by DrRichardCranium to business (126 comments)
submitted 2 years ago by marquis_of_chaos to Foodforthought (43 comments)
submitted 2 years ago by Raerth to indepthstories (1 comment)
submitted 2 years ago by nfevrier to RdvTech (0 comments)
Edit: Also, not many comments posted overall so I'm not seeing a 'circlejerk' over the 'failure' of bitcoins on reddit.
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:22:54
I used to do IT work for a survey company and there are many reasons to take the results of surveys of small sample sizes with a large grain of salts.
First, where did they take their sample from?  This is 1004 people out of 313 Million.  ~~Was it a random sampling hitting every state, a regional sampling, inside one state, or sampling of a city?~~ Edit: it was taken over the entire nation but still that's a really tiny sampling.    
Second, what were the questions asked and how were they worded.  Some clients performing a survey will ask leading or directing questions to get a result they want. Were the questions open ended or multiple choice.  I'm thinking multiple choice given the responses in the article so it isn't hard for some people who don't know what bitcoins are to have answered the question with the 'right' answer.
Finally, how did they contact these people?  Via cellphones?  via Landlines?  Older people are more likely to use landlines, younger people are more likely to use cellphone.
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:30:56
Palalab, no offense but many of these comments were made before the audio was uploaded and the link was added to the article.
Scrolling down to the bottom of the page, at that time, would not show us anything.  NOW the audio is there...when the comments were made the audio was not.
@_date: 2013-12-31 15:30:39
Also, they are asking people over 16 years old, that own a smart phone or tablet, on how they see the future unfold.  
How about 55% of Canadians that own a smartphone or tablet for personal use believe mobile wallet apps will replace the need for physical wallets in the next 5 years.
That's what the report actually says.
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:17:03
More likely, the company Admin would setup a filter to put emails containing the word Bitcoin or bitcoin donations into a trash folder.  I've had to do this for at least five local businesses that have no inclination to accept bitcoins and are tired of receiving 'donations'.   
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:41:58
1) The new iPhone 5s finger print scanner is not mandatory
2) That's true
3) iOS 7 does cause this issue in a very small percentage of people and isn't the first phone to cause this issue.  
4) I don't know if Apple has taken a stance on Bitcoin.  They probably are taking a safe road until the Government makes a decision of what to do about Bitcoins in terms of taxes, regulation and laws. 
Stop spreading FUD and untrue info.
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:23:28
Perhaps the term "threat of violence" instead of just leaping to using the word violence would have changed the entire meaning of the sentence.
The possibility of future violence in this case is not the same as violence having already been used on Mike.
Most likely, he would have been simply arrested with no violence needed.
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:07:53
More likely the teacher doesn't believe students could understand concepts and technology if she or other adults can not understand the same. 
Many adults treat children up to 19 years old as if the children were no more intelligent than a 3rd grader.  
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:18:27
If I went to europe, then your euro would be accepted by real world merchants.
The only place you could go where thousands of merchants accept bitcoin is the internet (and most of the websites are tiny mom-n-pop websites almost no one has heard of before)  That doesn't mean much to your average, non-geek american or european.   
Again, Bitcoin is being pushed by a tiny fraction of the population to be accepted as a currency everywhere, real world and online.  Not many websites and real world merchants are interested in it yet. 
So to the average person, they don't give bitcoins the time of day.  
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:26:29
I never said I didn't like Bitcoins.    I pointed out that the OP is right and using it as a currency isn't something many of us support since the floating exchange rate is too volatile.     
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:56:54
It also may be that they see [how volatile bitcoin has been since it's introduction]( and have taken a stance against it based on that.
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:51:44
Says the person supporting Bitcoins :p
Seriously though, the phone you use doesn't make you a hipster. It is how you carry yourself and your attitude that define if you are hipster or not.
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:33:55
I'll just say that I'd see bitcoins as a valid replacement to the USD when I can pay for purchases or debts to all the places that accept USD.
Euros are a valid form of payment in europe. Bitcoins are being heralded as a valid replacement for the USD and any other fiat currency.
My response is until Bitcoins are accepted by all (or a majority of) the businesses and government agencies that accept a local currency for payment of goods, services, debts it isn't a currency I wish to use.
@_date: 2013-12-05 21:29:21
No merchants around my area use Bitpay.  That's great that if you live in LA or NYC but if you live a rural area or a small city in the midwest and no merchants use or are interested in Bitpay or Bitcoin, then Bitcoin isn't real form of currency for people in those area who are not geeks......yet.
If a merchant doesn't accept checks, Credit cards or debit cards, I have cash.   If a merchant doesn't accept Bitpay, it's pretty much a given they don't accept bitcoins either.  That's my concern.  If I can't use them locally for daily things, if I can't use them on Amazon or NewEgg then Bitcoins has no value to *me* other than speculation.
*edit* it's cool to know how bitpay works.  I wish I had local business that used it.  I'd love to pay my rent, buy my groceries, pay my mechanic or go to the bar and pay in bitcoins.
*edit 2*  **I upvoted your post for solid and good info.**  I very much respect your opinion in this btw.
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:54:06
no offense but many of these comments were made before the audio was uploaded and the link was added to the article.
Scrolling down to the bottom of the page, at that time, would not show us anything. NOW the audio is there...when the comments were made the audio was not.  
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:59:36
Just a question here:   Are you sure that your Huawei phone was made in a shop that is any better than Foxconn's?   
Also, last year in October, Huawei and ZTE were investigated for possible backdoors in their hardware.
I wouldn't crow about having a Huawei-built phone.
@_date: 2013-12-04 21:51:56
Until the value stabilizes, speculation stops, regulation is put in place and it sees government approval, I doubt major companies are going to accept bitcoins.  Blizzard has said they are not going to accept Bitcoins for payment of their subscription services until the US Government decides what they are going to do about bitcoins first (i.e. tax it, regulate it)
Smaller companies such as a local computer repair shop, gas station or barbershop are taking a 'wait and see' approach or have decided to ignore bitcoins all together.
I look at the fact that it's been 4 years since bitcoins emerged from the nether and they still are ignored or shrugged off by the majority of the world's population.  I wonder how many more years it would take before bitcoin would be mainstream...
Or is Bitcoin the Linux to the USD's Windows?
*edit* 
Heck I would be the first to admit I could be wrong and within a month Bitcoin could explode in use.   Who knows.  It would be pretty cool if it did.
@_date: 2013-12-14 00:58:50
Think of it in the context of Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express.
@_date: 2013-12-11 16:27:46
I wouldn't know.  My iPhone was purchased by the company I work for and they pay for the unlimited text/data/voice plan.  I got lucky in that respect.
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:36:06
From the article:
“I’m not sure what the value of it is, and what I’d be able to exchange it for,” says Olga Ruff, 62, of Dallas, who correctly identified Bitcoin. Ruff says she’s unlikely to start accepting it for the small jewelry business she operates out of her home: “What use would it be for me?”
“I don’t necessarily know if it’s something I would think about using to make purchases,” says poll respondent Jeremy Labadie, 32, of New York, in a follow-up interview. Labadie, who works on Internet security technology and is familiar with Bitcoin, says he has considered buying some as an investment.
Some respondents, such as John Berg, 62, of Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota, heard about the virtual currency through news coverage of its use in crimes. “There was someone who was using it for something illegal, and it took the FBI a long time to sort it out,” he says.
You have a merchant that doesn't see the value to her business in accepting bitcoins.
You have an IT pro who wouldn't use Bitcoins for currency but is thinking of trying to make a fiat money profit from them.
You have a (near) retiree who heard about it in the news and associates it with illegal activity.
What this tells us more than the article is that while 42% of Americans know what Bitcoins are, a number of them have no interest in using bitcoins as a currency (or at all) for various reasons.
We have a LOT of work to do before the general public begins to support and use bitcoins enmass.
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:08:09
Three points:
1) With some companies in the US, because the regulations are murky or non-existent, the bureaucratic overhead, and other approvals that need to be made, it isn't such an easy process as just setting up an account and accepting the coins.  Especially non-profits who have to follow strict guidelines, laws and regulations to maintain their 501 (c) status.  If they even screw up a little, they can lose their tax-exempt status.  Many non-profits are avoiding all cryptocurrencies until the US Government takes a position on taxes, regulation and laws regarding cryptocurrencies. 
2) CoinKite is an international 'company' (located in canada).  Because of this, US companies have to jump through additional hoops. 501 (c) non-profits even more so.
3) Isn't this an attempt by CoinKite to increase their own 'bank account' by getting more people to use their service and charging a transaction fee for the 'service'?
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:41:32
First time commenting here on Reddit (long time lurker)
Ok, perhaps I'm just not fully understanding bit coins.  I've read the official Bitcoin website but it still doesn't make much sense.
(I'll preface this and say I've worked in the IT industry for +15 years and have a solid understanding of networking and PC/Server hardware.  Not a programmer though.)
Anyway, if someone would be able to answer these questions better than the BitCoin site was able to do I would appreciate it. Perhaps you would be able to make me a BitCoin supporter in the process.
Where is the value of Bitcoin? Why would a person want to be given BitCoins over US Dollars for, say, a day's work?
I read that bitcoins are 'found' by solving complex encrypted equations, however what is the point to solving the equations beyond 'finding' bitcoins? Are solved equations being used for something?
I also just read an article about some lawmakers discussing the idea of setting up regulations that could "blacklist" any bitcoins used in an illegal transaction and that would mean couldn't be spent at a reputable retailer.  Is that a valid concern?
Are government tax entities, like the IRS, taxing those who mine or are paid in bitcoins?
I apologize in advance if these are stupid questions from a bitcoin 'noob'.  I want to give bitcoin a fair shake and understand it so in a conversation (or when someone would call into my technology-centric radio talk show, I could answer their questions)
Thank you for wasting your time helping me out.
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:39:19
Yeah...how about no.   
Way too many issues with this.   Despite the flaws in the current system, your proposed system would be in danger of hacking and misuse.  Also I have a doubt the non-geek citizens would ever approve of such a system.
*Edit* Downvoted for being honest. ok...but you asked for honest opinions.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:54:10
Took the words right out of my mind.
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:58:37
I didn't know the stats so I thank you.  Yes, this is a nice place to talk to like-minded people but as HuggableBear said, 80k people who subscribe to this sub (and I would think that less than 80k are regular readers/posters)  will hardly make a difference.
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:20:58
Mark has a point in how many merchants and business owners view bitcoins right now.
Out of all the business out there, those that accept bitcoins (while their numbers are slowly growing) are a infinitesimal drop in the bucket compared to all business out there. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 18:46:36
I'm one of those that doesn't see bitcoin being viewed by the general public as a valid currency for quite some time, despite the echo chamber of Most people of the general public have no idea what Bitcoins are and many that have heard about it in passing (news stories, conversation) don't believe in it.  There is a lot of work to be done (and I mean A LOT) before bitcoin will be accepted by the majority of the population.
I'm in it for investing.  Basically to make fiat dollars and increase my fiat dollar bank account, not to use as a currency.  
I think Bitcoins is a fad at this point, but it has potential.  I will stop seeing it as a fad when I can pay my rent and electric bill directly to the companies with bitcoins (and without any exchanges needed), be able to pay my mechanic for automotive repair work with bitcoins, buy my groceries at the register with bitcoins and pay the cashier at the stop-n-rob for a tank of gas with bitcoins.
Until then, I personally don't consider it a viable daily replacement for fiat dollars.
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:27:22
~~Just playing devil's advocate here but it could be possible that this blogger/little know reporter and bitcoin backer just made this story up to help bitcoin's value to recover?~~
~~To me this has the smell of a fake story and given the hit bitcoin's value took yesterday, this report is suspect.~~
Audio was uploaded so this was a real conversation.  Now the only bump is if the Board of Directors and stockholders (if they put it to a vote) will approve of this.
@_date: 2013-12-04 01:52:37
KeythZatz, I fully respect that guess I should be more clear in saying that I believe that bitcoins could be a viable currency if a few things happened.
1) Mainstream realworld retailers and major corporations accepted bitcoin in payment.  Pay your electric bill by sending bitcoins directly to your electric company with no middle man.   Buy all your groceries from a supermarket chain.  Go to Best Buy and pick up an iPad mini with bitcoins. All McDonalds accepted bitcoins for that heart-attack in a box you picked up for lunch.
2) Mainstream websites accepted bitcoins such as Amazon, Walmart.com, Khols.com, Homedepot.com and such (I pulled those from the top 50 e-retailers of 2012 list)...Home Depot accepts PayPal payments at their registers now so wouldn't be surprised if they accepted Bitcoins for payment one day.
3) The major news outlets started pushing BitCoin stories in a positive light.
That's just my thoughts anyway.  If it works as a currency, great!  But the speculators are currently running things and this volatility in the value of Bitcoins are making real-world retailers shy away from accepting them.  I've asked around to many of the clients I service in my IT job and those I speak to when they call into my radio show and they all say the same thing "Too Volatile" or "It's future is too uncertain"   Once (and if) the value becomes steady like the USD, I could see businesses start accepting it more and more.  As it is, not many business owners are willing to risk it.  
Finally, most business owners are not geeks and don't fully understand bitcoins even if you explain it to them.  Even if you walk them through bitcoins and use the Bitcoin FAQ and MYTHS guides, they still shake their heads afterwards and say "Not for me"....that is a major hurtle right there to solve.    
@_date: 2013-12-04 21:31:54
I'm just looking at making Bitcoins more appealing to the general masses.
I am the host of a talk show on the most listened to AM radio station in my area covering 3 states and Canada (and rebroadcast through sister stations in 4 other states) and I get many questions on bitcoins and this is one of the repeated questions/concerns I field almost every time I am on the air.  I have intentionally stayed away from talking about Bitcoins since I don't really use them except for investing for profit and I feel I would be doing Bitcoins a disservice if I was to do a segment on them.
I have a few of my own questions and concerns about Bitcoins that the FAQs don't answer, so I try to stear away from talking about Bitcoins as much as I can.
@_date: 2013-12-11 18:53:39
Have we checked the blockchain to verify?  If the blockchain verifies the transaction then yeah...it most likely is real.
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:44:05
Apple is going to destroy Bitcoin.  Yeah, I think you need to clean your crystal ball there dubastot.  Apple is probably waiting to see what the Government is going to do with Bitcoins and is erroring on the side of caution.  
@_date: 2013-12-10 19:29:53
Until every mom-n-pop gas station, grocery store and landlord accepts bitcoins, Fiat has a place.
To me it seams that nearly every time a bitcoin transaction is mentioned on it is immediately proceeded or followed by an statement of what that value was in a fiat currency.  Even shows the value of a Bitcoin tip in USD.
@_date: 2013-12-20 22:57:45
"Did you mean currency here? I don't see how that would make it more of a commodity, so please expand if that is what you meant."
Yes, I was talking to one of my techs and zoned for a moment...I'll correct this.
"If you meant currency, I take your point: it is not a viable form of payment at this time, and so it's irrelevant to most economic processes. This is certainly the case, however, I believe that this still qualifies it as a currency, even if adoption stops today."
Yes, it has a long way to go...but I think that if things stabilize and major companies begin to accept BTC, then that is when we can start seeing more people use it.   I personally think BTC will have about the same adoption rate as Paypal.
"This is very important, and in fact, I believe that this volatility is informed by misconstruing bitcoin as a commodity, as I believe people are doing now."
This is a major point.  If we want the general population to adopt BTC in their daily lives the volatility must be negated.  I have found that regular people are confused by BTC since the news is calling it a currency, yet they see the news also showing people treating it like a commodity.
"Certainly debit cards and other ease-of-use elements are important factors."
I personally believe it would be a true 'killer app' for adoption, to have a BTC debit card.  In fact, one backed by Visa or another large CC company would probably help the adoption of BTC.
"However, the preference for a bank might betray a selection bias in that sample, as online banking is the preferred option for many of the young people/early adopters who are also driving bitcoin, and those people typically don't rely on brick and mortar banks"
Actually, when it came to whom I sat down with, they were all 24-37 years old.  About half said they wanted to be able to go to a bank and not mess around online with BTC.   
You are right about my radio show listeners.  Most are +30 years old since it is on AM radio...on a Saturday.  More than half said they prefer to go to a bank.
When I talked to my geeky friends and associates, all but one said they prefer to do their bitcoin banking online and not at a bank.  (I hardly ever go into my bank's branch office and do most things online.)
You are correct that it still is a currency regardless of the number of those who use it.
I am changing storage providers right now for past shows but I'll be up soon with a new provider.  
[Here is a link to the 'about' page for my show](
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:25:28
Sorry, I just don't see the tin-foil hat trick that Kokomoka is babbling about.
(Side note, I don't care about downvotes. I'll still voice my opinion)
@_date: 2013-12-20 22:38:13
As a currency, it is of limited and little use to the common person right now.  *edit* - *However, it is still a currency*
I sat down with a group of 10 people who had no understanding of bitcoins and explained what Bitcoins were.  We then had a discussion over if they would use bitcoins in their every day lives.   
I also have a weekly radio talk show which is based on computers and technology and I asked what it would take for my listeners to consider using bitcoins in their daily lives.
A large majority felt BTC was too Esoteric however they did say the following:   
Once a regular, non-computer savvy person is able to pay their their monthly bills (rent/morgage, utilities, loans, car insurance, internet, cable/dish), pay for their groceries at the register, pay for a tank of gas at the local convenience store, buy lunch at a local restaurant,  pay their mechanic for an oil change or engine repair, pay the hospital for outstanding medical bills, and pay their student loans....by simply transferring BTC to the companies in question, then Bitcoins would be thought of as more of a currency. 
Also, most non-savvy computer people said they would not use bitcoins until the value was no longer volatile.   
Edit: Most cited the convenience of a debit card and that a Debit card they can use with bitcoin would be required before they seriously considered using BTCs.  They also wanted to be able to go to a physical bank to check their account.  
@_date: 2013-12-04 21:19:38
Totally understandable.  Personally, I feel the common US citizen would understand the suggested method by the Original Poster.  Currently saying "I have 5 milli-bitcoins" or "I have point zero zero five bitcoins"  is quite silly to the regular person.  
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:55:14
I agree with in this.  Who honestly cares if it is called virtual/digital/crypto currency?
No offense intended OP, but aren't you being a bit pedantic?
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:03:05
If  I can play Devil's Advocate here for a moment:
42% might know about it but that doesn't mean 42% want to use it. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:19:08
Blockchain verified the transaction.  
@_date: 2013-12-05 21:21:45
Really?  I am an alpha geek and follow the news daily and have multiple RSS feeds to different news outlets.  I think I have seen reddit mentioned maybe twice in the past 3 years in a *Positive* light.
I'd point out that a majority of Americans have no idea what Reddit is and a good number of the IT people I work with, know, or are friends with also are unaware of Reddit...or laugh if I mention the site based on the preconceived notion they have based on /b/ being in the news.
Reddit isn't exactly know as a 'good' website.
*EDIT*   That said, if someone did really want to learn about bitcoins they most likely would go to Google.com and type in "What are bitcoins" or "bitcoins information".  The first has this sub on the middle of the third page and The second has this sub literally as the very last link on the second page.
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:32:32
So in essence, I agree (in part) to what the op is saying .
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:07:16
You have to solve the short term problems before you start solving the long term problems.
Also, looking at the history of this subreddit, outlining a solution to any problem is often pooh poohed by many here and then the OP is cut down for even suggesting the solution.
There is nothing wrong with pointing out the problems and not suggesting solutions.
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:22:04
Again, check the blockchain to verify the transaction.
Isn't that what the blockchain is for in the first place?
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:19:33
OR the fact that he edited the statement after he was getting downvoted?
is known as an echo chamber.  Heck, this is the Bitcoin version of FreeRepublic or DemocraticUnderground
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:08:31
If Bitpay or Bitcoins are not accepted by any real-world merchants in someone's area, then to the common person it really isn't a real useful currency to them.  
If my local grocery store will not accept bitpay or bitcoins at the register, if my auto mechanic doesn't accept bitpay, if my landlord doesn't accept bitpay payments, then no...I wouldn't consider it a real currency yet.  
*edit* Of course you could make the argument that if you had euros and you tried to by something at a store in america, they might refuse the euro but that doesn't mean the euro isn't real cash.  However my retort would be if you went to europe then it would be a currency accepted by merchants over there.  Currently Bitcoin is mainly an internet currency supported by tiny and small websites and a handful of real world merchants.  Doesn't help if I want to pay my mechanic who has no interest in Bitpay.
When I can use bitcoins at nearly every place that accepts cash, then I would consider it a real currency.
Until then, its only use is for investment and speculation to folks like myself.  I respect the fact that your opinion may differ
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:21:38
Upvoted for responding and I do appreciate the response but you didn't really respond to my points.
"Unfortunately, while all answers are replies, not all replies are answers. You did not answer the question that I asked. "
Coinkite still makes money on the transaction fees, correct?  So this post would be a roundabout attempt to increase the number of people using CoinKite, thus increasing the amount of 'cash' CoinKite makes?
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:13:07
It can complement paypal if paypal accepted it as a valid currency. 
Replace it in the near future?  Doubtful.  Too much FUD out there about Bitcoins and not enough of the general public knows about Bitcoins, cares about bitcoins, or sees bitcoins as anything more than a scam.  That has to change first.
Home depot just implemented a way that you can pay for your purchases at a register with your paypal account. That was years after PayPal was main stream.  I doubt bitcoins is going to have an easier path.
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:11:04
Well that's painting with a pretty wide brush there. 
@_date: 2013-12-13 23:17:01
Anti money laundering laws may require them to get user info.
@_date: 2013-12-14 00:44:49
Good points but I take issue with your second reply as the questions most certainly do matter! (sampling size is not being a factor in this).
(My examples are going to be nonsensical)
Anyone who has worked in creating surveys knows about:
Leading Questions: (This leads a person to often answer in a certain way)
"People who say they use Bitcoins are satisfied with their lives. On a scale from 1 to 5, with 1 being very dissatisfied and 5 being very satisfied, how satisfied do you feel with your life?"
Loaded Questions: (Questions that invoke emotions to lead someone to answer the way you want them to)
"Should Americans use Bitcoins to buy goods if Bitcoins weaken the US Dollar?"
Definitely Should not/ Should not / neutral / Should / Definitely Should 
Built-in Assumptions: (question is assuming the respondent has bitcoins) 
"Are you satisfied with the current value of Bitcoins?"  No / Neutral / Yes    
Jargon-filled Questions: (asking questions which have jargon that may confuse a respondent) 
"Do you feel SHA-256 encryption is good enough for Bitcoin to keep using for the Blockchain for the next 10 years?"  Yes / Neutral / No
Double-Barreled Questions:  (Grouping different questions together to get a predetermined answer)
"Would you be for or against Bitcoins if I told you they allowed people to transfer money anonomously and could be used to hide money from the IRS?"
Confusing Questions (The respondent could be confused and the survey results are meaningless for this question...but could be used to support a claim either way)
"Does it seem possible or does it seem impossible to you that Bitcoins would never overtake the US Dollar as a daily use currency?"
I'm just saying that, yes, the wording and type of questions matter a great deal in a survey.  In fact many political surveys will use questions like these to skew results towards their candidate (or against a different candidate).  
In fact some polls/surveys are just used to put a negative light on a topic and the results don't matter that much to the ones behind the poll survey. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 23:13:56
We had a good discussion in the other thread but I'll repost what I said before:
As a currency, TC is of limited and little use to the common person right now. However, it is still a currency.
I sat down with a group of 10 people, ages 24-37, who had no understanding of bitcoins beyond a few news stories they heard on the nightly news and explained what Bitcoins were. We then had a discussion over if they would use bitcoins in their every day lives.
I also have a weekly radio talk show which is based on computers and technology and I asked what it would take for my listeners to consider using bitcoins in their daily lives.
A large majority felt BTC was too Esoteric however they did say the following:
Once a regular, non-computer savvy person is able to pay their their monthly bills (rent/morgage, utilities, loans, car insurance, internet, cable/dish), pay for their groceries at the register, pay for a tank of gas at the local convenience store, buy lunch at a local restaurant, pay their mechanic for an oil change or engine repair, pay the hospital for outstanding medical bills, and pay their student loans....by simply transferring BTC to the companies in question, then Bitcoins would be thought of as more of a currency.
Also, most non-savvy computer people said they would not use bitcoins until the volatile of BTC's value subsided.
Edit: Most cited the convenience of a debit card and that a Debit card they can use with bitcoin would be required before they seriously considered using BTCs. They also wanted to be able to go to a physical bank to check their account.
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:44:25
That is true.  I've never asked...and the problem I would have is if someone donated to the company, the company didn't want the donation and I took it, I personally feel that is stealing from the person donating.
If I donate to a company and someone else takes that donation (even with the company's blessing), I would be upset over that.   
Perhaps instead of keeping the donations, I could talk to the companies and setup a 'donation return' wallet that could automatically return the donations to those who donated, with a respectful letter explaining why the company/non-profit isn't accepting donations at this time in cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:18:26
Note: This comment was made *before* the audio link was posted in the article
Mikebtc, it probably got upvoted because unlike yourself, a lot of folks didn't do any research on the source of the news.  
They just saw "Big company will accept bitcoins" and upvoted.
Until more legit and mainstream news sites are reporting this, I am like you in taking this news with an ocean-sized grain of salt.
Edit: *Upvoting you for investigating the source and taking the news with a healthy dose of skepticism*
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:09:17
That's a leap of logic.   It could be that they were asked "Do you know what Bitcoins are" and broke down the word as Bit = Computers? Coin=Money and said "Isn't it computerized money"  or  "a way to transfer money over the computer"  or  "Digital money?"
A few weeks ago on my radio talk show, I asked this question to my callers and these are the responses I got.  Many will guess and it isn't a hard term to guess correctly.
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:09:32
I found the information on the question about solving the Hashes, the next question would be:
 if no local retailers accept bitcoins and the only places local residents could use bitcoins would be online (and not a whole lot of mainstream websites seem to accept bitcoin yet) how could I tell listeners of my radio show that Bitcoins are worth their time to invest in?
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:19:05
My reply is "Look at the OP's example."
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:37:45
I agree with you Voogru on all your points (other than being new).  I was simply pointing out that this was basically just an ad.   I have no issue with CoinKite except with the name (as you seem to have as well... great minds and such). 
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:39:38
Lets say this story is true for a moment. 
Overstock is a public traded company so they have a board of directors.  The CEO might say something but that doesn't mean it is the direction the company is going to go.  If the Board says "NO" to bitcoins then that's it.
I'd wait on the cheering over this until the company officially releases a press statement. If they do, then I'll be one of the first to crack open a bottle of champagne and celebrate with @_date: 2013-12-05 19:29:31
I use Bitcoins only as a way to make USD.  I don't see it as a valid and stable currency right now.  I respect those that do, however.  
I personally don't care it if is still around in a year or so.  I'm just using it as a short term investment.
If anyone truly believes in Bitcoins and that it is here to replace the USD, then good for you!  I just don't see the value to Bitcoins that my debit card, credit card, paypal or bank account fails at having.   I don't need to be 'anonymous' and the USD is more widely accepted.  
Until I can pay my electric bill in Bitcoins directly (no exchange or bit pay) buy my groceries at the register, pay mechanic for an oil change, pay my rent and use them as a way to add to my 401k I don't see it as a currency. 
And again that is just my own outlook on Bitcoins.  Of you differ in your opinion, I respect that.
The mass acceptance of bitpay and bitcoins by real-world merchants is what I would consider a signal of Bitcoin being accepted as a currency...and thus I would accept it as well as a currency.  Not these tiny fly by night websites but major corporations and online retailers as well as a majority of small brick and mortar businesses
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:46:54
A lot of bitcoin hate and misinformation in [this thread]( on the WoW forums.
@_date: 2013-12-19 16:16:17
I think it has more to do with the fact that Overstock, like any large company, moves slowly.  They may make an announcement but they need to get everything setup internally, do an SOP and other such work.
Home Depot took a year and a half from the announcement that they would accept PayPal payments in their stores to the actual implementation.  Overstock taking a year to set this up most likely has nothing to do with waiting for bitcoin to 'stabilize'.
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:50:09
Wishful thinking.  The vast majority of Apple's mobile customers have no idea what Bitcoin is, nor do they care.   Those that are intelligent enough also know they can keep their iPhones if they want and just jailbreak the phones to put on any app they wish.
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:50:46
Bitcoins are not a replacement for Fiat currency yet and probably will never be a threat to fiat currency.   A majority of those posting about their bitcoin collections mention how much they have in USD.  Heck, even reddit's tipbot mentions the value of the bitcoin tips in USD.  
Let's leave the tinfoil on the roll instead of making hats over this and just look at the fact that sometimes people will voice opposing opinions because they honestly believe in their point of view.  
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:10:00
Believe it or not, I'm not here to convince anyone.  I'm simply sharing my experience in this aspect of bitcoins.  I was told to setup a filter to either block or put any email about bitcoins into the 'trash' of these companies, this included donations.  I assume they are tired of donation requests since why else would they want my company to put a filter in place?
The companies don't contact me.  They contact their sales rep and then I am told what needs to be done. I have not set up any separate folders to put the emails in.  I wasn't told to do that.  I was told to setup a filter so I setup a filter.
@_date: 2013-12-05 21:58:53
Thanks for being civil about this even if we don't agree.  I appreciate that.  It's refreshing to converse with someone that has an opposing viewpoint but they stay professional in their arguments.
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:49:17
Well, they already were clients of the company I work for as we handle all their IT needs.  I don't know how many donation emails they have received, I didn't look into it nor was I told. 
I am told by my boss that "Company X wants an email filter for bitcoin donations setup today.  Get to it"  
I remote into the server, setup the filter, and log out.  That's it.  I don't ask why, I don't know if they are getting hundreds of emails. I don't know if the higher ups of the companies simply want filters in place for some reason.  I don't ask. That's not my concern and it's above my paygrade.  I have no reason to look into it deeper.
@_date: 2013-12-14 00:03:09
No offense but saying that a few weeks ago none of your friends on facebook were talking about bitcoin and today two of them are talking about it isn't really an indicator.   If in a couple days five, then 10, then 14 and so on....more and more friends all start talking about it then you have something.  
@_date: 2013-12-04 21:59:03
Hey, I appreciate that!  I'm currently at work (I have an 8-5 regular job as a Senior Network Engineer at a local IT company) but after I'm off tonight, I'll put together a list of questions I have and also questions that I have been asked by listners of my show.  I very much thank you for being open, honest and available!  
Perhaps if we can work things out, would you be willing to come on my show as a guest (we can do a phone interview) and tell my listeners the truth about Bitcoins, how they would benifit by using bitcoins, and why they should use bitcoins?  If you want, we can even work out the questions I would ask you on the air ahead of time.  This way you know it wouldn't be a 'hatchet job'.  
Even if you don't want to be on the air, I want to thank you for offering to answer my questions via email/PM!
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:19:21
Your second life comment made me immediately think of "Ready Player One" and the Oasis credits.
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:03:06
True but if I walk into Best Buy to purchase a hard drive today and it costs $100, then return tomorrow after the USD fluctuated 3% (up or down) that hard drive still costs $100.
If I go to a site that accepts bitcoins for products and that harddrive costs 0.25 bitcoins, if bitcoins fluctuate 3%,  that hard drive now costs 0.2527 bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:51:19
I have some serious reservations about bitcoin's long term success after the 'big freeze' of the universe.  (Not a 'heat death' believer)
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:36:50
Huh?  How is it 'bad' for Bitcoins 'image'?  Hardly any regular person knows about reddit, let alone looks at this sub to learn about Bitcoins.  It may irk some redditors but hardly anyone in the general population knows or cares about reddit.   No offense but let's not inflate this website's importance.  
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:47:31
Seriously? [ are the names that super3 and the other 'Devs' came up for fractions or multiples of a single BitCoin?   
No offense guys but these names are just silly as hell to the common person whom you are trying to convince to use Bitcoins.   
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:28:31
Why the personal attacks?   I'm not attacking you nor am I attacking bitcoins.  Why are you taking this personally?
@_date: 2013-12-10 19:31:35
Another thing to realize is that the common reader (and common American, European or Asian) sees bitcoins in this same light.
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:23:31
Because many older business owners remember this and other 'alternative currency' schemes over the year and view bitcoins in the same light, right or wrong.
It is hard to convince many older people who own businesses to accept bitcoins.  I know, I've tried.  They don't understand it nor do they want to.  The USD is just fine and has a long history of being a valid, stable currency that everyone uses.  Bitcoins are new, volatile, confusing and are in legal limbo in regards to the US Government.  Younger people or those who want to take a risk on Bitcoins are trying them out as a form of payment. 
If bitcoins were all that and a bag of chips, you would have hundreds of thousands of real-world companies accepting them and millions of people using them.
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:40:15
Pretty cool idea.  I'm not using my Bitcoins for purchases at this time.  I dislike having to setup email filters to block any donation emails but if the company tells me to do it, I don't try to change their mind.  I do what they ask.
I hope you find profit and success.
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:09:15
I think he was implying that it is controversial issue and there are those who consider it a bad thing. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:25:49
Yes, I realize that but again I'm not interested in the value of bitcoins except as an investment tool at this point.
For me personally to see it as a valid currency that could replace the USD for all transactions inside the US (where I live) it would need to be accepted almost everywhere the USD was accepted.  I'd love to have a debitcard like card that I could swipe at a checkout counter and have my purchase deducted directly from my bitcoin wallet.
I respect the fact that you may not agree with my viewpoint.
@_date: 2013-12-11 17:01:53
In that, we agree.  
@_date: 2013-12-09 15:48:37
I don't see it as a legit currency as it has limited usefulness to the average person.  
Bitcoin may technically be a currency, but to the average person doesn't see it that way yet.
Go on Craigslist and find something you would buy and look to see that they do not mention anything about Bitcoins being accepted (or not accepted).  Contact the seller and ask them if they will accept bitcoins instead of cash.   Do that repeatedly and see how many people would take you up on it. 
I think that would be a better indication of how the general public views bitcoins as a currency, dictionary definition met or not.
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:58:01
You missed the fact that some are not 'fearful' but simply are waiting.  They don't want to run afoul of some law or regulation the Government might enact.  They don't want to be held liable for back taxes by the IRS if bitcoin is considered taxable.
Also, Apple and Wikipedia are not actively trying to hurt bitcoin.  
I have to say, you might want to add more tinfoil to your hat.... 
@_date: 2013-12-20 22:05:38
I didn't know this.  Thanks for (unknowingly) correcting my incorrect usage of this.
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:31:00
For some small business owners it is just another hassle to setup, monitor and deal with and they don't want to be bothered with a volatile "currency". If anything they should use BitPay...but if they aren't accepting Paypal, what are the odds that they would start accepting Bitcoins?
@_date: 2013-12-11 19:46:18
I'm not talking about why they won't reach $100,000 per coin.  I'm not discussing that at all.  They might, they might not.  If they do, I'll have millions for my retirement.  If they don't, hey I still can make a few dollars.
I'm commenting on the currency aspect of Bitcoin only.  If Bitcoin is to be concidered a valid currency to replace or be used alongside of the daily use of the USD by the general public, then a large percent of the population needs to first see it as a valid currency and a large number of business need to accept it.
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:26:16
Might not be that they stand to gain anything.  It just may be that they honestly don't support the idea of bitcoins.  That's a valid point of view and they have the right to voice their anti-bitcoin views.  
@_date: 2013-12-05 23:34:09
Possible but they also supported paypal back in the day
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:32:00
Well, the thought briefly has crossed my mind but *I* consider it theft.  I believe in Bitcoins and the Bitcoin community.  I wouldn't steal from others like that.   
Not to mention, I do not want to lose my job or taint my name over a few bitcoins (or fractions of a bitcoin).  It's not worth it and I'm not a thief
@_date: 2013-12-13 23:59:50
Uh, I have nothing to do with this company.  I was pointing out what I saw as ease of use for the product.  If anything my posting history should show you that I am NOT a proponent for Bitcoins as currency.
A card like this would make me more amicable to that idea though.
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:16:48
You are missing my point.    I don't want to use a currency where the 'value' changes hour to hour.  I want a stable currency where the amount of currency needed to purchase any item is the same today as it is a week from now (barring sales/clearance pricing)
I must have missed how Bitcoin gained 1000% annually every year since 2009.  
@_date: 2013-12-11 18:50:54
The IRS accepts payments in bitcoins directly?  No middleman to change the bitcoins to dollars?  Wow.  I missed that news story.  I must be slipping in following the news and reporting it on my talk show.
@_date: 2013-12-04 22:44:36
I would ask them to accept bitcoins but also ask them NOT to give ANY discount for bitcoin payments.  Treat it like any other currency.  
They are in business to make profit.  Just because they save 2% on the transaction fee doesn't mean that those using bitcoins should be given a 2% discount on the products.  
You want to sell a business on accepting Bitcoins?  Show them they save money on the transaction fee which increases their profit.   
That is it.   Bitcoin users will buy from that retailer regardless of a discount or not. 
@_date: 2013-12-10 18:47:43
You can always jailbreak your phone and install any app you wish to on it, apple approved or not.  There are a few Bitcoin apps out there for jailbroken iPhones and iPads...and iPods