@_author: bsn195758649
@_date: 2014-10-30 21:43:29


 
In an anonymous internet people can assume different states of mind which allows intellectual progress. This allows people to become different persons when they grow older. In a non-anonymous internet the lifespan of youth is reduced to the age of their first internet snapshot; their past becomes a heavy burden for their future.


You're generalizing two types of encounters; a personal, and a non-personal encounter. Of personal encounters the identity of both 'clients' should ofcourse be established to be true. Non-personal encounters should not have a personal identity attached to it. I'm talking with you via a nickname, which, up to some point, allows me and you to later on look back on this conversation and regret or applaud a certain perspective and act on that perception without severe consequences. We should strive to only look at people's current and future thougths.


Quite circular logic; We've become a 'global community' because we've become more transparant. Furthermore, before modern forms of communication took over (i.e. before the age of permanent snapshotting) people had a true 'freedom to be forgotten' which is now ironically being (re-)instituted as a basic right. 


Internet trolls are not a problem; they're a symptom. A symptom of stupidity and passivity partially (if not mainly) caused by groupthinking which is caused by systems like Facebook and Google(+) forcing people to adopt a fixed perspective. And vice versa; Fixed perspectives leads to people desiring to 'fit in' and act 'normal', which causes 'sheeping', which causes 'internet trolling'.
And it can not be said enough; A stronger action leads to a stronger reaction. Think of the 'war on drugs', the 'war on terror' or as in this case: forcing more 'transparancy' onto people will forcefeed the growth of anonymous sidetracks (Tor/I2P/Bitcoin/etc.). So even if someone wanted to impose more 'transparancy'  it would only backfire on this someone :)
@_date: 2014-03-16 16:01:25


That's just horseshit. 
You can't compare storing private keys locally to "fixing a car yourself". An equivalent of fixing a car would be fixing a computer (i.e. hardware). 
John Doe can't repair cars, nor computers. He *can* however use software that uses basic security strategies like local private key storage. OP basically said that people need to wake the fuck up and start thinking about what they are doing with their computer. They need to apply some of same basic logic they apply to the security of their house for example. Have you ever sent the key of your home to a central deposit for *enhanced security* ^tm / *ease of use* ^tm ?


Lesson one in doing anything (I mean anything at all) in IT is never trust anyone/anything. Everyone on the internet is a malicious hacker, any data you get from the internet was malformed by a malicious hacker. If a piece of software needs you to trust the developer on his/her word then the piece of software doesn't have any form of security. It is closed source? No security. It uploads private keys to some remote server? No security. 
The anonymous nature of the internet is what makes the internet, it does however have consequences. Deal with it. You should see the internet as a different form of society with different rules.
One thing I will say in your defence is that you - I assume you've never programmed or done anything in IT - are a product of very, very bad education. You probably know how to PowerPoint, how to Excel, how to Internet Explorer (but you don't use it because everyone uses Firefox/Chrome) but you don't know basic security concepts for the simple reason that they don't teach these things in school. There is an interesting *why* for you. 


If you don't want to take the very small effort it takes to lookup basic IT security concepts or listen to some people that know security then please sir, get the fuck of the internet.
@_date: 2014-03-16 20:23:08
You completely missed my point. Every pc that you log into the bitcoin service with that is infected with malware has *exactly* the same risk as storing the bitcoins locally. 
Although I'm completely in the blue about how you could infect a coldstorage system (i.e. old computer with bitcoin-client and firefox on it), the security bonus gained by storing the keys locally outweighs the "security bonus" - which really it isnt - of the external service by far. The malware risk in both cases is *exactly* the same...
What is so hard to comprehend about this matter? Does anyone here remember
Silkroad 1
Silkroad 2
and the list will grow when more people fall for this farce you call security. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 17:10:09


It really is as simple as downloading the right apps and using the right services.


If there is malware on your device that has root level access any method can and will be cracked. There is no cure for that, not even having the keys on a remote location (i can login with your credentials when I've rooted your device).
Also; there is such thing as a keyring in which your keys can be stored encrypted. You open the store by entering a password or some other form of identification. Given that the hacker hasnt got root access to the device this is a reasonably safe way to operate. But hey, anything is safer than just giving the keys away.
@_date: 2014-05-05 18:53:54
I always wonder whether the sysadmins running [Tor-nodes with the longest uptime]( either have died, have totally srm'd their ssh keys or just really, really dig uptime.
@_date: 2013-12-11 17:47:42
Please understand that most forms of customer support (or any 'representative' for that matter) are just to give you the illusion of support. And believe me, I've gotten 'support' from a fair share of these people. 
With the internet you are not dependent on their channels so post for yourself on whatever medium reaches many people; exactly like the guy from the video did.  
@_date: 2013-12-10 14:26:57


\* letter from Apple *
    Dear John Doe,
    
    Thank you for your letter and we are sorry to see you leave.
    
    Yours Sincerely,
    
    The automated response machine.
    
    P.S: fuck you, we don't give a flying fuck about you and your opinion
Really, what do you expect from a company such as Apple? That they will change corporate policy because a few people wrote angry letters? Even if thousands of people wrote letters they wouldn't change jack shit until some day Apple would magically reveal the iBit and pronounce it to be "revolutionary" and "the next big thing".
Why do so many people think that writing letters to some stupid representative will change anything? It Just Won't (tm).
@_date: 2013-12-10 14:15:57
Both the Linux and the Bitcoin project  are build with full user freedom in mind, unlike Windows/Mac and your local bank.