@_author: btc1204
@_date: 2014-02-17 16:29:36
I see what you're talking about: a type of 51% attack with blocks timestamped far into the future aimed at pushing the difficulty down so that most/all the remaining block rewards can be extracted very quickly by the 51%.  I think the artificially easy target would make a follow-up "traditional" 51% attack more effective.  Intuitively, the faster block generation time would make network propagation delays more significant and forking more likely (i.e. more competition among the 49% inuring to the benefit of the 51%).  Even still, a successful attack like this seems counterproductive, as it would at a minimum crash the price and destroy faith in the protocol.  
Apparently, there is a kind of "timestamp lock-in" that will keep blocks from being added if they are stamped as older than the median of the previous 11 blocks (see [here](  But, there is no hard requirement that a newer block be timestamped later than an older block.  
I'm not sure yet about the implications of "selfish mining" in this context, but a true minority miner should be sufficiently discouraged from this futurestamping attack.  If he finds a block stamped past the 2 hour window, he runs the risk of another miner finding a competing block with an objectively more accurate timestamp before his block becomes valid, potentially wasting the effort he expended finding the block.  In the short term, he takes a chance of mining for nothing and the odds are hopelessly long against his stringing a big chain of his own blocks together, just as in any underpowered attempted 51% attack.  Even if he is successful he may be squeezed out of the resultant money grab by larger miners or pools as described above.
Even if nodes hold these "to-be-valid-soon" blocks (in case another block isn't found before they become valid), they have no real incentive to build on top of this futurestamped block.  A node with a given hashing power will find a block with some probability for some given time period, regardless of what block it is building on.  The node who receives a futureblock has a choice of unilaterally joining in the attack it sees has been started, in the hopes that others will follow suit often enough that the prior-11-block-median is jerked into the future, and stays in the future until the current 2016 block batch is finished, and the difficulty is forced down, and basically an entirely new paradigm of block timestamping is de facto established.  In the alternative, the node can ignore the futureblock and continue including the futureblock's transactions (with their fees!) in its mining attempts.  Fees are not a significant source of mining ROI now, but will necessarily become so, reducing the incentive for building on top of futureblocks over time.  In this fees vs. self-organizing into an attack tradeoff, I think the fees will win.
You said something like "everyone wants to be in on the ground floor of the new block" and I don't think I agree.  I think this is a bad underlying assumption.  This assumption is really only true if the futureblock came from an existing 51% attack, where the node receiving the block *expects* that the next block will be built on top of the futureblock.  You describe miners pushing their timestamps to the limits of the existing rules (2 hours), but I don't understand the motivation.  If an attacker stamps 119 minutes in the future, this is probably enough leeway to account for honest inaccuracies of node times, and there is no risk to the miner.  If they stamp 121 minutes in the future, there is a non-zero chance that their block will be orphaned in that minute (&gt;10% i think, given then &lt;10 minute real world block generation rate).  But what is accomplished by the 119 minute future stamped block?  Each block must be stamped within 2 hours of "real time" as decided by each node, so the futurestampers get at best two hours of "additional time spent" at the next difficulty calculation, some 0.6%.
Anyway, let's say there does exist some futurestamped chain which stretches far into the future.  All the honest nodes see it.  It seems this chain must be "less dense" in terms of blocks per self-reported time than the chain that could be built by the remaining honest nodes.  This means that the honest node may still make a rational choice to build an honestly timestamped fork.  In other words, there is a tradeoff between total hashing power, chain length and blocks:time density for the attacker.  Lower density means that the honest nodes may be able to form a longer competing chain with honest timestamps and orphan that long futurestamped chain before its subsequent blocks become valid, unless the attacker has significantly more than 51% of the computing power.  For example, the attacker would need two thirds of the network hashing power to make a future chain with twice the block length and an equal block:time density as the remaining third of the nodes.
Finally, all of this is all in a kind of vacuum, and does not consider the reaction of the community, devs, etc.  Consider the recent brouhaha over ghash.io approaching 50%.  There a million eyes watching the gears turn
Okay, sorry for the wall of text.  I spent some time thinking about this and I'm hoping to get some feedback.
tl;dr bitcoin will be ok