@_author: btc_moon
@_date: 2017-08-05 10:00:52
Good distinctions between Coinbase and Gdax. If you're a beginner user in bitcoin then coinbase is defo one of the best sites to use for starting off. If you're an advanced trader then there's more places to choose from. Gdax is my favorite (now that bitfinex is having their banking slowdowns) 
@_date: 2017-08-05 10:29:54
For Kraken, some people do swear that it's THE best place to buy bitcoin, but as you said - there's a learning curve that not every can get accustomed to. That's why so many guides recommend coinbase for new users - just because it's easy to use (but then commissions are higher than elsewhere and withdraw/verification times take longer). 
Cex is good in the same way that coinbase is: it's a beginner friendly bitcoin exchange, but fees are expensive. Sometimes they're slow with withdraws (but apparently that's because they're on-boarding lots of new staff atm)


You'll hear it very often: it's always recommended to withdraw your bitcoin after buying. History has shown that exchanges are not the best place for storing your bitcoin. Withdraw to an offline wallet (hardware wallet like Trezor or a paper wallet). 
@_date: 2017-08-05 09:34:24
Here's a good [collection of bitcoin trading sites]( where you'll find some solid coinbase alternatives.
As others have said here, Coinbase's position on the new token should not be a reason not to use their exchange. Coinbase have their weaknesses, but this was not one of them. In fact, they showed good leadership in protecting user safety and funds integrity throughout the hard fork. Now that things have stabled out, Coinbase have recently committed to crediting all user accounts with the new chain split token. 
Yes, the fundamentals for Bitcoin are strong &amp; I see it growing 2x or more during this 2017 bull market, but remember that volatility will be high also (Erik Voorhees also cautions about this). It's also a good idea to do your due diligence on all the recommended sites to buy bitcoin before you commit to using one.  
@_date: 2017-08-05 09:58:31


Very true. Honestly, Bitfinex also has way too extensive ID verification process to be in my list of favorite bitcoin trading sites. 
@_date: 2017-08-05 09:37:07
Yes and no, some of the best sites to buy bitcoin have shown to be extra cautious about crediting users' accounts with the new chain token. In my opinion these places should be applauded for opting for safety first. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 18:42:18
Good to hear. Remember if you go with a credit card deposit to buy bitcoin, then it will always be far more expensive than using a bank transfer. 
Interestingly, I've seen that the BuySomeBitcoins site has two different fee levels:
1. The first (more expensive fee) allows you to buy bitcoin without verification of ID, using a credit card - in any country. 
2. The second fee (cheaper) allows users to get verified, and then buy BTC with a credit card. The admins justify this cheaper fee level buy mentioning that it costs less to carry out KYC (know your customer) on a customer that has submitted their passport. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 15:28:01
The Localbitcoins premium is because theres more cost for the seller than on a traditional exchange - which in most cases are fully automated. On localbitcoins the seller needs to actually check their bank statement before releasing the coins to you from escrow. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 15:43:43
yes, using a bitcoin ATM is a good alternative for buying without ID verification. But some ATMs do now ask for a passport check. Fees are higher also... I guess it's a matter of making a trade-off and deciding which is best
@_date: 2017-06-07 12:42:39
I recommend [this list of sites]( to buy bitcoin without ID verification. There's Localbitcoins (cash, paypal, bank transfer - high/average fees), BuySomeBitcoins (credit card - beginner friendly but high fees), Bitsquare (bank transfer - advanced users, lower volumes), and Bitcoin ATMs (cash - some do still require ID). 
As you can see, choices are limited when it comes to buying bitcoin without some sort of verification. Kraken and Bitstamp are currently doing a really good job with fastest ID processing and good customer support response times.