@_author: btc_learner
@_date: 2015-12-17 14:32:03
"Is that something you might be interested in?"
@_date: 2015-12-21 11:57:19
Ironic, coming from you.
@_date: 2015-12-21 20:35:03
The idea being that you (the person being stolen from) can use RBF to override the theft transaction. Specifically, your RBF transaction would be to move the coins out of the compromised address and into another one that you control that isn't compromised, so that the thief no longer can do any harm.
Of course, this assumes that you are somehow able to detect--*before* the t(x) gets confirmed--that an attempt has been made to move your coins without your permission. I'm sure there are ways to do this, in practice I'm not sure most people have their wallets set up that way.
@_date: 2015-12-21 20:18:27
But the small pesky detail you and others ignore is that many merchants willingly and comfortably accept the risk of a double spend with 0-conf. Those merchants value the ability to accept 0-conf because it allows them to offer faster transaction times to their customers. It's a risk-reward trade-off that they can make up their own minds about.
Anybody accepting 0-conf for transactions "to the tune of hundreds of thousands of dollars" is foolish, and they need to be damn well aware of the risk they're taking. But why should that stop other merchants from being able to accept 0-conf if they knowingly wish to take that risk, especially when the risk is tiny when you're talking about small $ transactions?
@_date: 2015-12-21 11:46:52
@_date: 2015-12-17 13:22:44
Given you posted this, I'm surprised to hear you think there may be no need for using the blockchain for stocks.
Using a colored coins type of implementation, atomic swaps can result in transactions where the trade truly is the settlement (which has been t0's tagline, but I'm curious to see how they implement that in their little walled garden). Simultaneous exchange of currency (bitcoin) for the security as one transaction on the network. No middle-men, no counterparty risk, instant settlement (well, after one confirmation I suppose). 
While there really isn't any counterparty risk that we experience in the traditional financial markets for trading stocks, this is largely because of a web of middlemen--brokerages, exchanges, the DTCC--that result in pretty damn high fees and long settlement times. Bitcoin should be able to dramatically streamline that process. Isn't that worthwhile?
@_date: 2015-12-21 20:29:10


Genuine question, not intended to be snarky: can you explain the rationale? What recourse is the merchant afforded with full RBF?
@_date: 2015-12-21 11:56:49
Do you really think that customers want to deal with that? Haggling with the merchant over what fee makes the merchant comfortable that they're not about to be swindled? Sounds like a recipe for a feel-good interaction, exactly the type of thing to encourage bitcoin adoption.
And yeah, this point you keep spamming sounds asinine. If the customer knows he will double spend successfully, he'd be pretty happy paying a potentially much higher fee than normal. How does this help the merchant get comfortable?
It's funny that you referenced his comment about "no real world experience" because that is exactly how you sound.
@_date: 2015-12-18 19:27:19
Can't believe no one has commented on the Charlie Brown pic yet. Golden.
@_date: 2015-12-21 20:25:36


While I get what you're saying, that is semantics.
And your point about the coin toss probability is exceedingly theoretical. In practice, the reality of a merchant selling a small value item (really, the only thing any sensible merchant would accept with 0-conf) getting double spent is much, much lower than 50%. Why? Because most people are not looking to steal a cup of coffee! Just like how hardly anyone dines and dashes despite how easy that is in practice.
And at those much lower probabilities of getting double spent, most merchants would be happy to accept that risk, in exchange for the added convenience they can offer to the customer by not having them wait around for a confirmation. Why can't that be the merchant's decision to make?
@_date: 2014-12-12 21:15:56
What's so arbitrary about it? Explain what doesn't make sense. Don't just attack, try refuting with logic.
How much more would you like for me to dumb it down? Try this: if you really think a deflationary collapse is more imminent than serious inflation, you're missing the mark. You're underestimating every single major nation's desperate attempt to inflate their currency. 
The US faces some headwinds in doing this because the $ is the currency everyone runs to when things get dicey, but they're no different in terms of the money printing, and the end result is going to be ugly for all fiat currencies. 
I'll repeat: every sign would have pointed to a deflationary depression resulting from the 2008 financial crisis. Didn't happen. Money printing happened. The result: over-inflated asset prices everywhere. This will continue to be the name of the game, til it all comes crashing down.
Tin foil hats, huh? So you mean to say that you really think that all is well, and that this path that the likes of the US, Japan, the Euro-zone, etc., are heading down is NOT going to end badly? Really? I'll take my tin foil hat over those rose-tinted glasses of yours, thanks. You may also want to wipe off that Federal Reserve kool-aid staining your lips.
@_date: 2014-12-12 21:52:42
And for what it's worth, you're talking to a CFA charterholder. I can do the whole finance thing. Seriously, I'd like to hear your perspective. : )
@_date: 2014-10-16 00:52:05
I buy gold. I buy bitcoin. I am not alone. Both share one key fundamental trait: scarcity. 
Bitcoin = digital gold. Its still-in-its-infancy volatility does not detract from its long-term prospects as a store of value. 
@_date: 2014-11-01 23:33:44
No expert on this, but I'm assuming the answer is: sure they can, but then they sacrifice the security of not being able to piggyback off of the BTC POW system, which is one of the big benefits of going the sidechain route rather than creating a new altcoin. 
So they'd basically have to build their security from the ground up which is no small feat.
@_date: 2014-10-14 13:29:23
Today--no, but in the future--surely, especially with leveraged trading products coming to the market now.
@_date: 2014-11-12 18:03:18
$1 once again, well spoken. You see our economy and monetary policy clearly for what it is. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 21:02:28
You can't deny that it's a bad sign. It's one step closer to being back to what got us into the mess in the first place. In practice and also symbolically, it sucks. 
This might not in and of itself be a sign of imminent doom, but it further affirms to many here that we are not in benevolent hands (as if a reminder was needed). Fend for yourself. Hey, if you believe in 'em, enjoy your dollar. I'll take my chances with bitcoin. To each their own man.
@_date: 2014-10-14 13:05:23
Scarcity and use is a great summary, to be slightly more descriptive:
1) Ability to transmit value to anyone, anywhere in the world, essentially instantly and at minimal cost, without needing to go through an intermediary. This applies not just to currency, but as it turns out, the ability exists to transfer ownership of physical and financial assets as well.
2) Especially in the wake of the financial crisis, many are drawn to the fact that the money supply for all intents and purposes cannot be manipulated/controlled by any central authority, hence the 'digital gold' analogy.
3) Potential for high privacy/anonymity on the network (although this is not a given), no need to provide personal identifiers to do transactions
4) As digital money, bitcoin is programmable money. This a whole 'nother can of worms, but look into things like smart contracts and multi-sig. Basically, you can create a wide array of transaction structures that can be triggered by external factors, and execute in a way that is automatic and eliminates the need for a trusted third party. Applications include things like escrow, betting, and much, much more. See this article: 
5) Financial Transparency: the global public ledger (the 'blockchain) could shed light on things like campaign financing, charity spending, etc.--organizations can be more transparent about where their funding is coming from, and where it is going. 
This, amazingly, is only just a few of the things you can do with bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies...
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:50:53
I would just elaborate on this a bit, since it's unclear to me how much familiarity the OP has with all this.
Even before you get to the propagation issue described by Statoshi, mining a block isn't as simple as taking a group of valid transactions and hashing them into a block. You need to do that + effectively win a lottery, wherein your chances of winning said lottery are proportional to the ratio of your individual hashing power relative to the overall network hashing power. 
So all miners have a batch of valid transactions they are trying to get added to the blockchain, but it's the first one to win the 'lottery' (and propagate their winning 'ticket' across the network) that wins the reward.
@_date: 2014-12-12 18:12:50
Thank you!
@_date: 2014-11-12 18:02:44
$1 well spoken man.
@_date: 2014-12-12 12:33:42
You know what, screw it, I say bring it on. These clowns will never learn. Stuff like this (+ quantitative easing to the tune of trillions, perpetual budget deficits, slaps on the wrist and no prosecutions for huge bank-perpetuated fraud, etc. etc.) just ensure the next financial crisis and accelerate the inevitable.
The difference between now and 2008? We now have an escape plan from that festering pile of crap known as the US dollar, and that plan is bitcoin : )
@_date: 2014-12-12 21:23:23
Agree to disagree. Look, I'm not saying doom is imminent, but this is the type of government action that reaffirms to me that those in power here are more interested in maximizing bank profits than preventing the next crisis.
I don't disagree with a lot of what you're saying. Those all contributed to the crisis. But so did credit default swaps, which you said above are being pushed out with this change. That doesn't exactly give me a warm and fuzzy. 
Look, if it's nothing, then why did it happen? Why would the banks be so invested in seeing it change?
@_date: 2014-10-20 19:57:49
I think we may more or less be saying the same thing. Maybe the lottery analogy isn't quite perfect. 
Think of it like this: it's as if the last step in completing a block is that you have to guess a number correctly. More hashing power = more guesses. Because the difficulty of guessing this number is calibrated to be a function of the total hashing power on the network, the end result is that your odds of guessing the number is proportional to your hashing power relative to the network's total hashing power.
Does that make sense?
@_date: 2014-12-31 20:30:29
While what you're saying can definitely be true, two points to be aware of:
1) This ETF would be investing directly in 'physical' bitcoin, which is generally a good thing. It is not simply a paper contract (a la most futures contracts) where nobody is actually purchasing the physical commodity. The issues you are alluding to with commodities like gold really start to arise when most of the trading volume for that asset is done through paper contract trading where neither side is physically buying the asset.
2) In addition, beyond just this particular ETF: because bitcoin is potentially so useful in a practical sense, we may never get to that point that gold is at where most people could care less about owning physical gold and just want the price exposure (and thus only trade the paper contracts). As more and more use cases are developed for bitcoin, there will be more and more reasons to want to hold bitcoin rather than just trading a contract that gives you price exposure to bitcoin. As long as this strong demand for 'actual' bitcoin exists, it makes it much harder to manipulate the price of bitcoin. 
I will say that that as it stands TODAY, many of those uses cases do not yet exist, so if we did see lots of bitcoin futures contracts roll out, you could absolutely see bitcoin's price manipulated through them.
@_date: 2014-10-16 00:53:18
Many others around here, perhaps unlike yourself, are perfectly content to play the long game with regards to bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-12 22:32:30
KoKansei, for what it's worth, I strongly echo a lot of your thoughts around the destructive forces that are central banks, fiat currencies, and Keynesian economics. You really summed it up well in your post earlier that referenced Vibr8gKiwi's post.
That being said, I have to agree with jaydoors. People, by and large, are not rational. I strongly suspect that they, like he, see a 2% pay increase and are happy to being 'making more' despite their real income dropping in this inflationary world we live in. 
No evidence, but just me surmising here: those same people would have a very hard time accepting a pay cut--especially with all the emotional/symbolic associations that come with that, and the implications they'd draw about the perceived quality of, &amp; appreciation for, their work. I think that'd be the case even in the face of generally acknowledge deflation. We are emotional beings.
@_date: 2014-12-12 20:46:28
Easy cowboy. The more likely order of operations will be high inflation, possibly even hyperinflation, eventually giving way to deflationary collapse.
Don't forget that all evidence pointed to Great Depression II back in '08/'09, before this unprecedented global monetary expansion effort managed to ramp asset prices up to even more bubble-ish levels than before. Do you really think that the Dow at 17k or whatever it is, in this environment, is not wildly overpriced? That's the follow-on impact of inflation for you, and quite frankly, I don't see that crap changing anytime soon. The US and every other major nation in the world is competing in a misguided race to the bottom, and there's no turning back. QE will be back before we know it, and they'll ride that horse to the bitter end, until it blows up in their face. 
Yeah the US dollar is getting stronger despite the Fed's intentions. Call it the 'curse' of being the flight to safety destination. But rest assured the money printing will continue, and all fiat currencies will suffer for it. Deflationary collapse? Sure, but we're a long ways from it my friend. Inflation first.
PS: do us all a favor and take the condescension down a couple pegs.
@_date: 2014-12-12 21:37:04
And you're just trolling, so really, I'm the loser here having wasted time trying to articulate an argument and hoping for a cogent response in return. 
In all seriousness, I do sense some intelligence behind this trolling facade of yours, and I would be curious to hear your take on the macro-economic environment and where it's headed. You apparently believe that we're either a) in good shape or b) more likely to veer into deflation before inflation, and I'd be curious to know why. You know, with points, and logic, etc. etc... 
@_date: 2014-10-16 00:58:48
Bullish for US Treasuries for now, absolutely. But we will inevitably reach the inflection point... the world's central banks are too far past the point of no return...and then you might be reassessing bitcoin's value as a safe haven asset.
@_date: 2014-11-16 02:13:11
I've wondered/worried about this as well, i.e. bitcoin's price being dictated by futures trading, much like gold. The difference, I think, is that bitcoin is much more practically useful, leading to much greater demand for actual bitcoin.
This is speaking in broad strokes, but the only people that buy physical gold are central banks, doomsday prepper types, and gold bug libertarian types, the last of which I sort of categorize myself. And the extent to which gold is actually used for manufacturing. It's a relative minority. Futures contracts dictate the price of gold just because demand for futures/exposure to gold price via paper contracts dwarfs demand for actual physical gold. Physical gold is just, well, pretty impractical in this day and age. 
I think bitcoin will prove to be different. Because it is so practically useful as a medium of exchange, and has such a broad base of applications (many of which haven't even been fully fleshed out yet), demand for 'physical' bitcoin should be significant enough that there won't be this same type of disparity between demand for 'physical' bitcoin vs. demand for 'paper' bitcoin in the same way we see with gold.
At least... that's my hope.
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:52:27
Thank you, very helpful. 
@_date: 2014-11-06 13:19:26
20 ubtc
@_date: 2014-12-12 20:22:31
Wish I could say I didn't see that as a distinct possibility. 
Thing is, at least now I might actually have some wealth at that point for them to come after once fiat hyperinflation inevitably rears its ugly head!
I couldn't say that before bitcoin came around. Before '09, there were hardly any viable alternatives to fiat or fiat-denominated assets. Precious metals are a decent option, sure, but they aren't practical, and unfortunately the sad reality is that their prices are driven by the (highly manipulated) futures markets. 
Having bitcoin as an alternative means for wealth preservation is revolutionary in and of itself. Currency that is sound like gold, while being incredibly practical as a medium of exchange. It's a beautiful thing, and its mere existence goes a long way towards reducing my fundamental anxiety about what's ahead for fiat currencies. I no longer feel like I'm going to be forced to go along with that ride down.
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:55:28
Help me out fellas. Difficulty resetting only every 2016 blocks seems pretty infrequent to me.
I know it's not a real issue today, but what happens a few years down the road, when mining is considerably more consolidated. Isn't it possible some sort of malicious attack could be targeted at some of these large miners, knocking them offline for some extended period of time? Or if a government suddenly decides to force the shutdown of all its country's mining activities, or a large mining company goes bankrupt, etc. etc.?
Would seem like that could really impair the transaction processing function of the network for a potentially long period of time, i.e. weeks+.
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:31:22
Well, I've actually heard people argue just the opposite. 
Imagine a 51% attack happens, and the attacker refuses to recognize any blocks that any other miner is finding. If this happens for any sustained duration, other miners could theoretically start dropping like flies, because it wouldn't be worth them continuing to incur utility costs if they're not able to mine any new blocks. 
In that scenario, 'good' hashing power could drop off pretty rapidly, which would actually reinforce the attacker's monopoly on network hashing power.
Am I thinking about that wrong? 
@_date: 2014-10-14 13:08:24
I completely agree that the economic incentive isn't there, but that doesn't preclude the possibility of a purely malicious attack.
@_date: 2014-10-20 20:06:59
It will mostly be relative fringe cases for now--specific applications of things like escrow/arbitration, remittances, etc.
For the average US consumer, I think what you'll start to see more of is merchants passing through to customers the savings they realize by accepting bitcoin in lieu of credit cards. Then it might become a much more enticing option.
I also think in the investment world, once things like bitcoin ETFs become a reality, you'll see it gain popularity as an alternative investment, kind of like gold and real estate, where it becomes popular as a means to diversify your portfolio, which is fundamental to modern portfolio management. It really is a new asset class and people will start realizing its value as such.
Finally, you may quickly see that it is a really easy way to send money between you and your friends/family, in the same way a lot of people use PayPal today.
@_date: 2016-03-09 00:47:41
Sucks for you bro--Junseth's a clown. You don't want that stink rubbing off on you. While I don't always agree with you, you add meaningfully to the dialogue here.
PS: I also had the same confusion as BinaryResult.
@_date: 2015-05-20 20:06:55
Link doesn't work for me, could OP or someone else please paste here?
@_date: 2016-01-28 13:43:39
Agreed, but its reasonable to assume that a large sophisticated organization like Walmart or Amazon would develop the in-house expertise to accept bitcoin rather than go through a Coinbase.
@_date: 2016-03-09 00:46:18
Brutal read.
TL;DR: Starts post by ragging on most of the attendees for having an inflated sense of importance. Proceeds to spend majority of remaining post: talking about how people were excited to see him; dropping names; proclaiming the contributions he's made to the bitcoin community; generally trying to sound important. All while trying more than a little too hard to let you know that he's too cool for school.
@_date: 2016-01-28 15:17:13
@_date: 2016-01-12 21:39:12
In terms of the economic impact, it's the difference between simply avoiding the loss, vs. actually benefiting from the drop in price.
@_date: 2016-01-04 18:07:29
You're looking at it really narrowly. TARP was but one of many bailout programs. Also, extremely loose monetary policy has been hugely profitable for the banks. Make no mistake, they made out like bandits back in '08/'09.
@_date: 2016-01-05 19:01:13
Hmm, I really respect your input; based on your comment history you strike me as thoughtful and knowledgeable. Since I'm inclined to disagree strongly with your comment, would you be willing to elaborate?
To effectively double spend today, you need to be colluding with a miner. I'm not sure how readily available (&amp; automated) such collusion opportunities are, but even assuming they are, your success in double spending is still going to be directly tied to their mining power. So unless you're hitching yourself to a colluding miner with a significant % of hashing power, the odds of successfully double spending are quite low.
Whereas w/ RBF, you can essentially double spend with 100% success rate, assuming the merchant's wallet accepts your RBF-flagged transaction.
Just struggling to see how that is only a 'marginal' difference.
@_date: 2016-01-28 13:32:45
What do you expect? They're not going to throw under the bus one of the longest standing members of the community, whether the pitchfork crew wants them to or not. That is actually a classy move on their part.
Anyway, you don't have to read between the lines to understand that the forum censorship is exactly what that comment you quoted is meant to address. 
I think they struck a fine balance. The effort is there. Kudos to them.
@_date: 2016-01-28 13:28:18
To the Core team: thanks for this. These efforts to improve communication &amp; engage constructively are truly appreciated, and I think they'll go a long way towards mending fences in the community.
Paging u/evoorhees -- would you say this addresses your proposed 2nd move from your post the other day?
Edit--link to Erik's post: 
@_date: 2016-01-28 13:30:51
"Still, we believe it is critical that the Bitcoin community be able to freely discuss and critique every aspect of Bitcoin."
Don't have to read very far between the lines to see what they're referencing with that statement.
@_date: 2016-03-28 11:35:53
If you have the string of letters and numbers that constitute a private key, but no QR code for it, can it still be somehow imported into a wallet? Are there certain wallets that allow for that?
@_date: 2016-01-27 14:41:40
You rock Erik. Thank you. Time and again, a voice of reason &amp; civility. Couldn't agree more with your suggestions.
@_date: 2016-11-18 15:48:28
But again, even if the vast majority of people actually using bitcoin today to buy stuff aren't trying to cheat the system per se, they are in violation of US tax code if they do not report the gains/losses they realized from the time they bought the coins to when they used them. And I suspect hardly anybody does that; it's just too impractical and way too much of a pain in the ass. But the IRS has--like it or not--the right to try and collect that income. 
In reality, it is probably the case that a very high % of users have generated taxable income (or loss) that they haven't reported, either due to a genuine motivation to avoid paying taxes, or just out of the impracticality.
One notable exception would be long-term holders who simply buy and hold. 
Look, Coinbase is going to wind up complying with this. It's not unlike how online brokerages report the trades of their customers.
@_date: 2016-11-18 06:24:58
I suppose they really could go down this route, but that seems like a massive undertaking (i.e., having you prove which addresses you control, etc.). I wouldn't expect them to do that except for a few very high dollar transactions. 
More likely, in most cases I expect they will just go for the low hanging fruit, like identifying all sells and seeing whether people reported those gains/losses appropriately. 
But for the taxpayer, that's easier said than done. Are you sure you're not oversimplifying how hard it is to accurately track tax basis via Coinbase? For instance, when you sell on Coinbase, how do you know which bitcoins were sold (i.e., from which addresses)? You'd need to know which specific coins were sold in order to know the tax basis. But doing so is complicated by the fact that sell orders on Coinbase are not posted to the blockchain; it's just internal (and opaque) Coinbase bookkeeping. 
I could be wrong, but my sense has always been that meaningfully tracking which specific coins were sold is not really feasible on Coinbase. Now, it'd be one thing if you had a really basic transaction history, i.e., I bought 2 coins, and then eventually sold 2 coins. There, knowing the tax basis is cake. But it gets murky when your account has a hodge podge of transactions--buys, sells, transfers, all for different amounts, all intermingled over time. 
In short, though I haven't really dealt with it firsthand, it seems like a bit of a nightmare. You often don't have blockchain transactions to rely on, and Coinbase's records aren't detailed enough for you to accurately track tax basis. You can use alternative methods of establishing basis (I believe IRS rules allow for FIFO), but that's not necessarily easy either.
@_date: 2016-11-18 06:59:56
I don't think they're saying that all CB users are tax cheats. They're certainly saying some of them are. But they're also acknowledging that most users are simply not bothering to report this taxable income out of expedience. Many people are not trying to shelter income per se; but rather, since it can be very hard to track bitcoin tax basis, most people don't bother. Remember, under the current law, even when you use bitcoin to buy something, you need to recognize the gain/loss on that bitcoin (from when you purchased it to when you spent it) as income. Realistically, how many people are actually spending the time and effort to do that? Especially if they are using bitcoin for frequent, small transactions? This is compounded by the fact that sites like Coinbase and Circle simply don't provide enough detail in your transaction history to meaningfully determine the tax basis. 
People are failing to do this even when it would be beneficial to them (i.e., when their activity has actually resulted in a taxable loss). That's a testament to how painful and impractical it is for most people to track the tax implications of their bitcoin activity. But nonetheless, it is a requirement of current tax law, so in a way, you can't blame the IRS for trying to follow through on that.
I don't disagree with your 2nd point, although one strong counterpoint is altcoins, which are all predominantly priced in terms of BTC. But more importantly, this whole talk of money is a moot point anyway. The IRS recognizes it as property, not money/currency. And regardless of whether or not 'property' is really how it ought to be classified, it is, whether we like it or not : /
@_date: 2016-11-18 19:06:52
Been following closely since mid-2013.
I guess my point is that regardless of what they've been saying all along, people should have known better that this company was going to do everything possible to be compliant to the utmost.
Even today, in this very post, they're still trying to convince us that they give a damn about upholding the bitcoin ethos. It's been a farce from the beginning. Hollow PR.
@_date: 2016-11-18 15:50:30
If you view this as a betrayal, then you probably had misguided expectations of Coinbase in the first place. These guys are going to jump through every hoop to appease regulators, and people shouldn't expect anything to the contrary.
@_date: 2016-11-18 06:45:45
Sorry, but you're being insincere and most likely deliberately misleading. You are absolutely going to give them this information. If online brokerages are providing customer stock trade info, you really expect us to believe that you won't be coughing up your customers' transaction histories? If nothing else, certainly the buys/sells?
@_date: 2015-08-05 02:45:33
Very insightful, thank you. $1
@_date: 2015-08-25 01:07:48
Meni, dumb question, but is your blog name a reference to Castlevania Symphony of the Night?!? Because if so, that's friggen awesome and I applaud you.
@_date: 2015-08-07 02:17:56
No problem... you're one of the folks I'm always sure to read when I see one of your posts. Just keep it up man!! You really help me and others understand some of the more technical side of things, and it's definitely appreciated.
@_date: 2016-02-22 11:06:45
My understanding is that pruning hasn't been released yet. If that's correct, where does that stand? Is there any ETA on when it will be released as part of Core?
@_date: 2016-02-22 12:13:45
Thanks again. Appreciate the time you take week after week to answer folks' questions. u/changetip $2
@_date: 2016-02-27 20:44:24
Once again, you rock. $5
@_date: 2016-02-22 13:42:13
What is the logic that the Bitcoin Core wallet applies when deciding which addresses to use when you want to send coins? E.g., say my Core wallet is comprised of 5 different addresses--how does it decide which one(s) get used when sending?
@_date: 2016-02-19 17:04:15
Like that time they purchased upwards of a trillion dollars of underwater (if not worthless) mortgage backed securities and other crap assets at above market prices from the banks at the peak of the financial crisis... and proceeded to reveal no information regarding the specifics of those transactions.
@_date: 2016-02-22 11:57:47
Thank you. When full pruning is released with 0.12, it sounds like based on what I was reading in the github link that it won't be as simple as merely clicking an option in the GUI, is that right? Sounds like I'll have to toggle it in the command line?
@_date: 2016-02-16 13:16:24
So my understanding is that when you first generate a new public address, what you're really generating is a hash of a public address, and that you're afforded additional security so long as the actual address isn't revealed to the network.
Does sending bitcoin to that pubkey hash reveal the pubkey? What if you send bitcoin to it multiple times (but never spend from that address)--does that reveal the pubkey?
Said differently, is it only SPENDING from the address that results in the pubkey being revealed?
@_date: 2016-02-22 11:07:21
What wallets support BIP38 encryption? Is its use fairly widespread?
@_date: 2015-04-21 23:28:49
@_date: 2015-04-21 23:29:05
@_date: 2015-11-09 17:15:31
H's also more interesting and thought provoking than anything you (or I) have posted.
@_date: 2015-03-19 01:08:20
No one else got a chuckle out of this?!
@_date: 2015-11-09 17:11:36
The fact that you're a Castlevania fan makes me like you that much more.
@_date: 2015-03-20 23:31:22
Well articulated, and RainBTC is being dramatic, but some counterpoints to consider:
First, through the rampant securitization of mortgages, the banks truly did NOT have nearly as much skin in the game as you are characterizing. They would issue the loan, hand it off to a securitizer to package it into an MBS to be sold to woefully uninformed investors (who themselves are partly to blame for sure). This is a HUGE reason why 2008/2009 happened--the banks no longer bore the risk of the crap loans they were originating and just churned out as much as they could to maximize earned fees.
Second, the 'TARP got repaid' theme is EXTREMELY misleading. Yes, it did, but this was only possible because of a laundry list of other bail-outs that the banks received at taxpayer expense. Some examples:
1) Goldman and others receiving tens of billons of dollars through a Fed-orchestrated decision to honor those banks' positions w/ AIG dollar for dollar. Normally, if a company like AIG goes bankrupt (which they were, spectacularly), their counterparties would recover little to nothing, maybe cents on the dollar. Goldman and others got 100% of their positions with AIG covered, with taxpayer money.
2) A program (can't remember the acronym off-hand) that allowed the banks to issue government-guaranteed debt, driving down their borrowing costs
3) Quantitative easing (money printing) is itself a MASSIVE bailout of the banks--literally flooding their coffers with free cash, that they can either loan out or just keep parked with the Fed and earn a small amount of interest on. Also, part of QE involved buying back the 'toxic' securities from the banks. The Fed now owns those practically worthless securities, meaning we're the ones eating those losses.
This is just a partial list. You get my point.
TL;DR: the banks fucked up spectacularly, completely mismanaged their risks, and we paid the bill. TARP was just a drop in the bucket in terms of all the bail-outs they received.
@_date: 2015-03-16 01:21:44
This is something I'd also like to understand better. Heard differing statements on this.
@_date: 2015-03-25 20:56:29
Thanks bud. $1
@_date: 2015-03-15 14:21:52
He's not arguing about whether you or he liked it, he's arguing that it didn't really do a good job of explaining what bitcoin is and all the potential it has. They keep making passing references to how revolutionary it could be, but never really go into it in any meaningful way.
@_date: 2015-10-20 18:24:07
Of course not!
@_date: 2015-03-15 14:14:55
If people want to gain a meaningful appreciation for its potential beyond just being a tool for price speculation, then showing them the Rise and Rise of Bitcoin isn't the way to do it.
@_date: 2015-03-31 00:03:30
Yes, but less so than cash
@_date: 2015-03-13 14:41:26
Out of my league here, but is one possible explanation for this behavior simply that they were being cheap? Specifically, would they save on processing/bandwidth costs by not relaying transactions? 
In that context, perhaps the tarpitting/Breadwallet instance were just an unintended consequence of their cheapness? i.e., they don't necessarily intend to disrupt the network, but through the combo of a) aggressively connecting to other nodes and b) trying to save money by not relaying transactions, sometimes they're unintentionally disruptive.
By no means trying to justify their actions, just one explanation for it. It's shitty behavior regardless! And scary to think that they (and others) could simply act as legit nodes and fly under the radar with this surveillance... what can even be done to fix that?
@_date: 2015-10-20 18:23:45
This is completely false. Author is a great friend, not to mention a huge believer in bitcoin. My love for and interest in all things crypto pretty much only came to be because of him (with an assist from Andreas A.!). You may not agree with his take on things, but spare him (and us) the ad hominems.
@_date: 2015-03-05 19:25:13
I'm intrigued--can you elaborate on this?
@_date: 2015-10-20 19:46:07
Ahh, a fact, something that can be demonstrated with evidence. Perfect. Please be so kind then as to provide evidence of the following:
1) He's a proven liar
2) He posts phony articles
3) His objective is to exploit people's emotions and make money off of them
@_date: 2015-02-02 17:33:36
You must not understand profit motive. I don't doubt some miners would do what you're proposing, but it's naive to think that the majority will care more about helping the community preserve its privacy than their own bottom line. Do you really believe that?
@_date: 2015-02-16 21:41:52
I agree that we shouldn't expect to see any major shift in stocks on Feb 28, and I get the point you're trying to make.
At the same time, you're attributing a degree of efficiency to the markets that may not be realistic. I think a legitimate case could be made that the stock markets today are as detached from economic reality as they have been at any point in the past few decades. For me, the fact that the markets are at or near record highs is more indicative of the impacts of collective delusion &amp; massive money printing, rather than a reflection of the market's ability to accurately price the global economy's prospects.
TL;DR: agreed, it will get "priced in" before Feb 28, but really, how  good is the market at pricing in risk these days anyway? I sure don't trust it.
@_date: 2015-02-23 21:23:14
I am generally with you and see the value of the network effect. And yes, Bitcoin and altcoins share MANY of the same risks. 
But at the same time, how can you really know with certainty that there aren't going to be certain technical flaws associated with Bitcoin that don't exist for other altcoins?
For instance--just talking hypothetically--take POW vs. POS. What if POW, in the end, just becomes too centralized? We might not find that out until sometime quite a ways down the road. What if POS really does turn out to be a legitimate alternative? It'd be nice to have that option exist out there in the form of a POS altcoin.
I guess my point is, it's not just money. It's a brand new technology, and nobody knows where it's headed. There are a lot of unique design decisions in Bitcoin, with huge technical and economic implications that nobody can possibly fully appreciate or understand yet. Altcoins that are more than just mere Bitcoin clones--the ones that are really trying to do something unique and different to improve upon Bitcoin's potential flaws... is there not value in that?
@_date: 2015-02-17 21:06:16
This whole thing feels funny to me. A company preemptively shutting down because they're afraid they might lose customer funds down the road? Something tells me there's more to come here.
@_date: 2015-03-15 14:40:36
Should this be a Lighthouse project of some sort (or maybe another similar arena for fundraising this undertaking)? I would gladly help fund such an effort, and I can imagine others would too.
@_date: 2015-02-19 21:09:23
I guess we're just arguing over a matter of degree, since I do agree it will be positive for the price to some extent. But I think the halving's larger impact will be reducing the network hashing rate as some miners will no longer be profitable. 
@_date: 2015-02-02 17:17:34
You do realize, right, that people may feel very differently about having their identity associated with addresses that hold, e.g., $10 dollars worth of bitcoin used for trivial purposes vs. hundreds/thousands+ worth of bitcoin being used for any array of activities that they may not want publicized for any number of reasons?
@_date: 2015-02-02 17:06:24
While I agree with the sentiment, expecting the broader mining community to willingly turn down transaction fees is a pipedream. 
@_date: 2015-02-19 17:20:44
I hear this notion expressed a lot. Why do people think that halvings should cause the price to double? I've never understood the rationale. Sincere question, not snark.
Edit: And specifically, what makes you think the price would naturally ~double as compared to (what I perceive to be) the alternative outcome: the price doesn't really change, so mining simply becomes less profitable, causing less efficient miners to close shop, with network hashing power dropping to a new, lower equilibrium point. Cause really, all that's happening is that the mining subsidy is just being cut in half at some essentially arbitrary point in time, no?
@_date: 2015-02-23 14:50:38
Why do people seem to think that bitcoin's price will tend to increase significantly each time we approach a coinbase halving? 
Especially when it's known well in advance. Isn't the more likely scenario that instead of the price increasing, the overall network hash rate will drop because some miners will no longer be profitable?
I can understand that a reduction in the inflation rate (and the amount of BTC being sold daily by miners) is a good thing for price, but people seem to think that with each halving will come a big jump in the price, and I don't quite get why.
@_date: 2015-02-12 16:45:03
He is not saying that the $140k is all that's necessary. Just the first phase. Earlier in this thread he said: "The shares tho will be extremely important in the end phases tho, the electrical and mechanical engineering are exorbitantly expensive, so Pledgers to that phase will need way bigger rewards, ie shares, equity. "
@_date: 2015-02-19 17:44:51
IMO, this is a little naive. Everyone knows the change in the inflation rate is coming. It's extremely predictable. Like I believe chriswen is saying, one could argue that those future halvings are already being factored into the price (not that I'm a huge believer in efficient markets).
The rate of inflation being cut in half is very different than either a) total supply being cut in half and/or b) that the price should ~double because of this change. 
Don't get me wrong, I think the price will benefit longer term from the decreasing inflation rate. And even in the short/intermediate term, fewer coins being created each day is probably good for the price of bitcoin, simply because it means miners will be converting fewer coins back to fiat every day. But I don't see the justification for thinking that a halving will suddenly result in a dramatic price increase.
@_date: 2015-02-12 16:41:29
KenCode, here's a thought. Just one man's opinion.
It's all obviously very grey right now, but I think one thing we're liable to see is a legal/regulatory delineation between tokens that represent true equity in an enterprise, vs. tokens that don't represent equity, but rather just act as the native token on a network or platform. 
In other words, I think it's possible that projects like Ethereum &amp; MaidSafe may avoid drawing the ire of the SEC, because they didn't actually distribute equity.
So you may want to think of exploring that avenue, i.e. issuing a token via a meta-protocol like Counterparty or Ethereum. Not only does that let you (potentially) bypass the equity issue and the SEC scrutiny, but those protocols are also liable to enable functionality that might not be possible on top of bitcoin. 
Just 2 cents for consideration.
@_date: 2015-02-24 03:41:40
Sure, many technical problems could be fixed. But not everything will be so simple a fix: e.g., in my example, switching to POS or changing the POW algorithm isn't just some trivial update. Do you really think the miners would go for it? And even if you disregarded the miners and hard forked, that's still a massive, fundamental change to the network that many users may not support, so you're facing some significant fragmentation of the network.
I'm just playing devil's advocate, and that's just one example. Point being, some of these design decisions are so fundamental that to say you're just going to patch in a fix seems either naive or a gross oversimplification.
@_date: 2015-02-17 17:55:10
Can't really respond in detail at the moment, but short answer is yes. Look into things like pruning and sidechains.
@_date: 2015-02-02 20:59:34
I respectfully disagree. That type of rational, long-term thinking is atypical.
Most miners will focus on the short-term, where refusing to pick up a potentially large subset of transactions will mean lost revenues.
The long-term is too nebulous, too distant, too unknown. Do the majority of Bitcoin users (today, or in the future) really care that much about privacy that things that threaten Bitcoin's privacy will ultimately mean its demise? Everyone, not just miners, don't know the answer to that question with complete confidence. It might; it might not. Who can really say? Who's to say that other factors--whether positive or negative--won't prove to be the major drivers of Bitcoin's value?
I would wager that more often than not, a miner will look at this and simply opt for the sure thing: if I accept these transactions, I make more money in the here and now. Cross the long-term bridge when we get there.