@_author: btc_ph
@_date: 2018-01-04 15:21:21
Is the guy they are interviewing really showing off that he has 120 BTC in his wallet on live television?
@_date: 2017-02-25 03:09:07


This is a good argument. In this case, I would agree.
This sub has just made me paranoid about malware/viruses stealing private keys or wallet seeds.
I've never worried about keeping my Paypal or banking passwords safe, but somehow, people (and even the article I linked) keep claiming there are specialized software out there that specifically target bitcoin wallets/keys/seeds.
But you're right, I guess if it works for banking apps...
@_date: 2017-02-18 11:00:04
That's expected.
Even most bitcoin activity in China is just the citizens gaming China's systems which were supposed to prevent capital flight.
While I think there will still be those who will try to get around it, I think the influx of interested foreign buyers (especially without AML/KYC requirements) would still have an overall effect in favor of China's wishes (which is to amass capital [fiat] from other countries into their own).
I think it will be a win/win scenario for everyone.
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:59:54
What?? Can you explain?
English is not my first language so sorry if that was insulting, but no, I don't exactly get why.
This was just the result of an idea I had when I was doing that exact same thing the other day, and I thought "what if I could pay her by bitcoin instead someday, since most people say bitcoin will replace fiat", and tried imagining how it would work.
And yes, a mobile wallet app was my first idea too, but as I said, it's still not secure. And if the hypothetical little girl in my example had her own wallet app on her phone, I'd assume she's also the type to click on virus ads saying "your phone is infected, tap here to clean it".
How are you taking offense from any of this??
@_date: 2017-02-25 03:19:44
Yes, you've somewhat convinced me (a little) with that argument, as I said in that other thread.
@_date: 2017-02-26 14:32:28
I actually use much more characters (hence &gt;10).
I won't forget it though because it's not something I had to come up with a mnemonic to remember, it's basically code for a LOT of things relevant in my life (e.g. several fighting game combos in my own notation [and NOT the notation you'll find in guides], some video game codes [think uuddLrLrba], among other things, a short segment of my favorite IIDX game played out on keyboard, etc.)
Okay, it's not exactly those, but it's pretty similar.
There are also decoy words I can easily remove (the text file actually contains 100+ words) based on certain criteria.
I doubt the password can be bruteforced, and I also doubt they'd have an idea of what to do with the text file even if they got a copy of it unencrypted.
Anyway, I also had the idea of having to memorize seed words, but I tried that, and while it seems I can recall it, I would sooner or later mess it up even with memorization techniques, because they aren't really relevant to me (just some random words), so it seems my brain decides to give it low retention.
But if you prefer to do it that way, and can pull it off, why not...
Also, I prefer having a way to leave behind an "inheritance" to my family in case. I'm pretty young and yet I already have a "dead man's switch" set up, just to be sure they can benefit from anything I leave behind.
The seed words there have no decoy words, so this is probably the weakest link IMO.
But it requires them to manage to social engineer out of my entire family ALL their passwords (which they KNOW are their keys to the will, and they are in very distant geographic locations from each other). If the attacker could even get a copy of the file (which will only be released by Google's Inactive Account Manager).
@_date: 2017-02-25 03:33:31
Only on my phone (via ROM flash).
I just replaced hers, since it's an obscure chinese brand, I'm clueless on what I should use to flash it with. I just basically use it only to play games now. And you have to turn WiFi and data off, it lags terribly otherwise.
Also, I've decided to just keep the copy of the virus here, in case I might "need" it, for educational purposes.
@_date: 2017-02-26 20:37:34
I'm not from the US though.... \*points to username\*
@_date: 2017-02-18 13:32:40


Is that a [QR Code](
A bitcoin wallet app on your phone (e.g. Mycelium) should be able to scan that (using your camera), and then you can send funds from your wallet to the wallet corresponding to the QR Code.
As to how you would load up your wallet with bitcoins, which you can send... you'll have to buy some. Note that sending coins has transaction fees, so you want just a little bit extra for transaction fees. Like 0.001 BTC.
Mycelium has a local trader (you can find people selling bitcoins on the app, then you'll have to meet up with them). Or you can buy from LocalBitcoins (I find cash deposit to be the most convenient, you buy some, deposit some cash to an account number, and you get the bitcoins after uploading the deposit slip). 
There are also Bitcoin ATMs, exchange sites, and wallet sites that also sell bitcoin, but those are usually country-specific (e.g. coins.ph is a Philippine-site that accepts payments via local banks in the Philippines), which is why everyone is asking where you are located. 
@_date: 2017-02-28 01:44:32
AFAIK, the public key is hashed as binary data (the hex string is just the hex representation of the binary data), meaning each byte is represented by 2 hex digits.
The leading zero being stripped is probably just `puts` [stripping leading zeroes]( when you are printing the hex digits.
The initial SHA-256 should be operating on the actual binary bytes being represented by the hex displayed, so the missing leading zero should not matter (I HOPE, otherwise your coins would be lost, because as you said, garbage input into a one-way-hash function would eventually generate a garbage address).
Here's an idea:
Go to [the site]( where you can visualize public key-&gt;address generation.
Paste your public key in the section that says "1 - Public ECDSA Key". Check if the address generated on the Pi is the same as the one generated by the page.
Just to note, even if you take out the leading zero on that site, it still generates the same address.
@_date: 2017-02-16 09:36:28
You want to kill off Bitcoin and fork it into two different alt-coins? And have those two alt-coins fight each other for survival?
If that happens, what's I see likely happening, with such an amount of risk involved, is that they'll just most likely both fade into obscurity as everyone shifts to a less risky alt-coin (LTC/ETH), which will become the new dominant cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2017-02-25 03:22:24
My mom actually got this virus from trying to watch movies online on streaming sites.
And I also (stupidly) got it on my phone by putting her SD card in my phone (supposedly to back up her pictures on my phone, when I was going to try a factory restore on hers, which did not work). Although I was able to save my phone by ROM flashing it.
@_date: 2017-02-26 06:36:37


Doesn't sound like it was the fault of bitcointalk.
Just a basic scam, quote someone reputable mentioning a download link, replace with malicious link, hope someone carelessly clicks your edited quoted link instead of the original.
This is why people take extreme precautions like having a separate air-gapped machine, never connected to the internet. And verifying hashes of downloads.


Doesn't even sound like trading was at fault here either. You just got victimized by malware due to being a little bit careless.
Earning 96 BTC worth thru trading though, sounds like you were good at it. If you really have that kind of capability, don't let one road bump stop you cold.
But I agree though, HODL &gt; trading.
@_date: 2017-02-24 23:43:54
I think this is one of the biggest hurdles to mass adoption.
Malware and viruses trying to steal private keys and seed words left and right.
So many mistakes to make (e.g. accidentally deleting change addresses, expecting the remainder of their coins still being on their paper wallet, there was even that reporter who flashed a paper wallet on-screen, supposedly as a gift to a fellow reporter, but it was immediately sweeped).
I think what would really help is if there was an ubiquitous and cheap (like $20) device as secure as a Trezor, with probably 3G (or even WiFi) so that you can make payments and check your wallet directly on it. And maybe an infrared port (like with TV remotes) so people can pass coins to each other as easily as you can do with fiat.
@_date: 2017-02-18 14:43:49
Everyone already said it but:
- DON'T reveal the seed words (car, brush, house). These are used to generate the private key needed to withdraw the bitcoins.
- GET A TREZOR (or any other hardware wallet). This is **EXTRA IMPORTANT** because you are NOT EXPERIENCED with bitcoin, and you have HUNDREDS. You can also just enter the seed words into it to recover the coins.
There are MANY ways you could accidentally lose the coin (there are many viruses and malware that steal private keys, wallet files, etc. from computers. This CANNOT happen on a hardware wallet, you will prevent a LOT of attacks to steal your keys just by putting the coins there. There are also user errors that can cause you to lose the coins: e.g. some people don't realize that their coins are in a change address, instead of the original address, and fail to preserve the change address.)
Get a hardware wallet, it will replace **YEARS of EXPERIENCE in protecting coins** with infallible hardware.
- You might want to HODL (hold) the bitcoins instead of cashing out first. A big event is about to happen (Coin ETF possible approval at March 11), which some have even predicted to have effects like shooting bitcoin price up from $1000ish to $10000+. Just wait a month, and there might be a chance to get 10x more value out of those coins (or even more, the value seems like it will just keep on rising now).
@_date: 2017-02-18 14:12:57
Trading private keys doesn't work.
1. then it's a race between the buyer and the seller (in case he has malicious intent) to transfer funds out of the address (not referring to this case specifically). You can never trust private keys someone else gives to you, because they also know it. They can give it to you, then try to cash it out before you do. Otherwise we'd be able to use paper wallets like fiat.
2. you also give up the escrow's protection. Granted it didn't help in this case (as escrow was already released), but since it was still with LBC, they were still able to freeze it (i.e. they managed to do their job as an escrow, even if the seller already released it). Imagine if they didn't use an escrow and sent the funds directly to the buyer. You can't freeze that.
Seems also to be a mistake on the side of the muggers to ask for an escrow, instead of having it sent directly to their address.
@_date: 2017-02-26 07:22:08
Personally, I prefer to use AES encryption (which [not even the FBI can supposedly break]( without a backdoor), and 7-zip has this built-in.
I just throw the words (along with some decoy words mixed in that I can recognize, I actually have 2-3 decoy words per actual seed word) into a text file, then [use 7-zip to create an archive with AES-256 encryption]( using a really powerful password (&gt;10 characters, lowercase, uppercase, numbers, and symbols mixed, and something I will NEVER forget accidentally).
I just do this on an air-gapped computer, running a hash-verified live CD with no persistent storage (other than an empty flash drive where I will store the .7zip file), that will never be connected to the internet.
Then also set the recovery seeds/passphrases encrypted like [this post states]( to be distributed to my family by Google's Inactive Account Manager.
Although I'd use something less vulnerable than a "shared secret" (probably explicitly ask them for a password that will be their "key to the will").
@_date: 2017-02-28 02:10:14
I wonder if and friend are still HODLing.
@_date: 2017-02-27 03:31:49
Hmm... trying to pinpoint where it failed...
The checksums validate on your generated private and public keys, this implies that SHA256 ~~and RIPEMD-160~~ implementations are working fine (actually I think only SHA256 is used in the checksum).
You COULD test it yourself (just do a SHA256 and RIPEMD-160 of a random string on your Pi, then compare it with the output of some online SHA256 calculator, same for RIPEMD-160) if you want. SHA256 is definitely working at least, since the checksums are valid.
There are only really two steps:
- generate secp256k1 keypair
- public key (from keypair) -&gt; address
And the public key -&gt; address step, which you can [visualize here]( is just SHA256, RIPEMD-160, then SHA256 twice.
And base58 conversion seems to work fine.
So I'd pinpoint the problem in that, the generated keypair doesn't match ([and looking at the source]( the pair is basically generated by a single call:
    def generate_key
      key = bitcoin_elliptic_curve.generate_key
Which is just:
    def bitcoin_elliptic_curve
      ::OpenSSL::PKey::EC.new("secp256k1")
Tracing all the methods you called in your code above, this is the only point where I could see the problem originating...
All I'd recommend for now is to try posting an issue to the bitcoin-ruby github.
@_date: 2017-02-18 23:43:08
It's basically how much you can purchase on e-Gifter using your Coinbase wallet.
Basically, Coinbase is asking you for how much do you want to be able to spend on the e-Gifter site per day, before Coinbase starts blocking any more e-Gifter purchases using your wallet.
This is so that in case your e-Gifter account gets hacked, the hacker can only make purchases on that day upto whatever limit you have set.
This is the same concept as banks putting a maximum daily withdrawal limit on ATM accounts. 
e.g. if your ATM account has a daily limit of $200 per day, even if your card gets stolen and the muggers beat you until you tell them the PIN, they can only withdraw $200 (for that day) even if you have millions in the account.
In this case, you can only purchase from e-Gifter, using your Coinbase wallet, whatever limit you set her (and you won't be able to make purchases past the limit until the next day).
So if you set it to 0, you won't be able to purchase anything. :p
None of this matters though if you don't keep you coins on Coinbase, and just load it up whenever you want to make a purchase on e-Gifter.
Just like how daily transaction limits on an ATM don't matter if you don't have enough money in the account to hit the limit.
@_date: 2017-02-23 09:12:25


This is not true at all.
Just open a trade with anyone selling, **even with a brand new account**.
This INSTANTLY locks the amount of bitcoins you claimed you will buy into escrow. And opening a trade also **starts a chat convo.**
You (as a buyer) are the only one who can cancel the trade (and thus release their coins back to them). So they can't cancel while you are on your way to the bank to do a deposit/on the way to do a Moneygram transfer, etc. Their coins are LOCKED.
Once you upload proof that you've paid them (cash deposit slip, or moneygram receipt), LBC will ALWAYS side with you, and you can ALWAYS get the coins locked in escrow. (The trade chat has an upload function for this)
It's dead simple.
Using other channels than Localbitcoins (e.g. text, craigslist) only opens you up to risk. Localbitcoins is 100% RISK FREE as a buyer (sellers have other things to worry about, like reversed bank transfers, Paypal chargebacks, etc.)
Use the Localbitcoins system, it's well-known for a reason.
Also, if you just want to chat with someone, open a trade and cancel it. You'll then have the trade chat which you can use.
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:56:09
Huh, no it's not tied to a phone number.
I just said the 3g (or even WiFi) so that the Trezor has an internet connection (thus skipping the need to connect it to a computer). So that you can make payments anywhere.
It's basically just a hardware wallet with an internet connection, but more secure than a phone.
@_date: 2017-02-25 08:59:38
from the comments in:  
    function makeEditable(e) {
      // An easter egg that makes the page editable when user click on the page and hold their mouse button for one second.
      // This trick allows translators and writers to preview their work.
Congrats on discovering this [easter egg](
@_date: 2017-02-26 06:20:30
Before everything else, I FIRST recommend checking if the endianness was the actual problem.
Just [check the endianness on BOTH systems, the laptop and the Pi](
Here's an idea:
- Get your (incorrect) private key's [binary value](
  - Basically convert it from Base58 to hex format
  - take off the leading 0x80 byte
  - take off the 4 byte checksum at the end
Then convert it to little-endian (basically the reverse of [this](
This should have been the actual private key used instead in [the formula deriving the ECDSA public key](
Assuming that was the only step affected (and not the other hashing methods like SHA-256 and RIPEMD-160).
Otherwise those coins are lost (you are NOT reverse engineering a public key from a hash, [which is all an address is]( as hashing is one-way).
This is ALSO assuming you were right in assuming that the problem was that you wrote the code to handle big-endian values (back in your Ubuntu setup), and did not expect the little-endianness of the Pi.
(Hopefully for you, this may be correct, as the link I included in deriving the public key from the private key seems to be heavy in bitwise operations.)
Then follow that first link I posted to convert the endian-corrected private key back to WIF format, and cross your fingers.
And just use an offline air-gapped copy of bitaddress.org (or vanitygen with qrencode) on a machine that has no persistent storage and will never be connected online.
No need to reinvent the wheel.
@_date: 2017-02-24 19:56:45
To answer question, why not?
Didn't something similar already happen in the past?
The "[Slaying]( of the 30,000 BTC [Bearwhale]( seemed like a story great enough to have spawned multiple memes.
If they did it once, I think they can do it again, even without script (albeit it's going to be much harder at the current price point).
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:48:01


No it's not too complicated, there are already phone apps for that.
What is complicated is SECURING IT.
Reread my original post:




Does either of these lines have anything to do with "being hard to use"?
No, you only do these things to keep your bitcoin secure.
Heck, read the VERY FIRST LINE in my post:


"How To Properly Store Bitcoins And Other Cryptocurrencies"
Did you even try to glance at the article?
It talks about signing transactions offline, using a Tails LIVE usb/cd, then broadcasting the offline signed transaction on another online OS.
It's was ALL about making the security simple.
Where exactly did I say anything else in the original post?
@_date: 2017-02-25 15:25:00




This reminds me of the days of Diablo II maphacks and pindlebots.
There were such Diablo II paid "hacking software" (offering subscriptions/paid monthly access) back then, and I heard their monthly income was at a similar range.
*Might* be illegal, and Blizzard eventually proved they could shut such operations down.
If this was a similar case, I would totally understand the purpose.
Everyone back then wanted a maphack or a bot program, but you'd probably have 10x-20x more sales if you accepted credit cards/Paypal, than if you only accepted bitcoin payments (and you'd definitely lose out to any competitors).
But you'd also want to be anonymous (to avoid C&amp;D's, etc.)
I know KissAnime (a movie streaming/piracy site) tried to sell "ad-free memberships" via Paypal by obscuring out the link to their payment page, which led to a "coaching site", where you buy "coaching services for online games", and it also had the (hidden) feature of activating a membership on their streaming site.
They also got busted for that though.
Sorry, you only have two choices IMO. Take Paypal, so that you can take advantage of the bigger target audience, at the price of having your accounts frozen every now and then (it's the price of having access to the larger target audience brought by Paypal), or take only bitcoin and be 100% sure about owning all your earnings (albeit having a much smaller share of the market).
I don't think there's an easy midpoint (but it seems you do have some ideas, like the Cayman thing... I doubt anyone here would be specialized enough to know more than you, and if there are such people, I doubt they'd blow their cover by announcing on reddit how their system works).
@_date: 2017-02-18 22:53:43
I still don't want to keep them all in one wallet, due to other possible reasons (e.g. if you were possibly under surveillance, and you've possibly got people spying on you, or even just plain people looking over your shoulder... sounds very paranoid, but I don't think it sounds impossible for someone with hundreds of bitcoins, especially if the time comes when it shoots up to $10,000 or some other variation of moon.)
All it takes is the wrong kind of person accidentally looking at your device's display or your wallet balance (which might happen for example if you are on vacation in a strange country, and lose your fiat. And then you have to use a public computer to send funds into your hot wallet, which you may have drained ~~on some combination of hookers and blow~~).
Also if someone discovers one passphrase, you don't lose your entire cold storage. They only get 10 BTC per passphrase, so even if they've put me under surveillance for a long time, to discover multiple passphrases, they might get a couple of 10 BTC passphrases max (getting more than one will happen only if I'm careless).
@_date: 2017-02-25 03:04:13
Yes, which is why I mentioned the $20 price point.  
I've heard the cheapest hardware wallets go for around that.  
This is just an idea on how it would work if bitcoin were to replace fiat.  
Honestly, the mobile wallet app was also my first idea, but while mobile OSes have viruses and have vulnerabilities allowing exploits as powerful as jailbreaking, I don't think it can work for the normal non-technical user (i.e. the types who get viruses on their phones by falling for ads).
@_date: 2017-02-18 18:16:50
Multiple passphrases, each passphrase wallet contains 10 BTC (that way, if I ever have to draw from cold storage, they won't be looking at a transaction with coins coming from an obvious cold storage with 100+ bitcoins).
2 extra passphrase wallets, one contains 1 bitcoin and some change, the other contains a couple or so. 1st wallet is for plausible deniability, the wallet I'm willing to lose if I get coerced into revealing ~~one of~~ my passphrase~~s~~. The other is my "daily expenses" wallet, which I will use when 1 BTC can buy a lambo and BTC transactions have replaced fiat in the world :p (basically my hot wallet).
All recovery seeds/passphrases will be stored in an text file, "encrypted" like [this post states]( maybe I could also set it to be distributed by Google's Inactive Account Manager to my family.
Although I'd use something less vulnerable than a "shared secret" (probably explicitly ask them for a password that will be their "key to the will").
@_date: 2017-02-26 21:02:26


I don't blame you though, I usually don't look at usernames either.
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:17:46
A mobile phone isn't really secure though.
It's worse if the phone is rooted/jailbroken, a rogue app could steal files supposedly sandboxed in other apps (i.e. wallet.dat). I've had no problem making a stealth installation of Veency on an iPhone and just secretly watching the iPhone's screen (and touches).
But even that is not required. I've seen an android phone so loaded with malware that even the home screen has popup ads, and apps like DU Speed Booster and Clean Master keep getting installed (without even asking the user), even with sideloading .apk's turned off in the settings.
Hence why my idea is a "Trezor-like" cheap specialized device. Trezors can be connected to malware-ridden PCs no problem, your keys are not getting stolen. And with features like "increasing delay for PIN retries, that [30 tries would take 17 years]( even getting it stolen is no big deal.
And with features like plausible deniability (multiple passphrases for different wallets), you can even protect your coins if some thugs decide to beat you up until you open your wallet (although wallet apps could also add this functionality).
@_date: 2017-02-16 12:15:02
All I see is the MOON :D
@_date: 2017-02-27 11:37:49
Yes plz.
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:44:36


Huh? Where exactly did I assume this though?
I even called you "technically knowledgeable", here:


Not sure where all this aggression is coming from.
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:50:21
How exactly is that phrase condescending or insulting in any way???
As I said in [this post](


I just gave a hypothetical example, is there anything wrong with that?
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:28:09
Oh no, I was talking about simplifying bitcoin use for **mass adoption**, to the point that people will no longer have to worry about protecting their private keys from malware or viruses, or being phished for their online wallet credentials, or the myriad of things WE bitcoin users have to know about.
Not just for "ease of use".
The post title is:


Basically, to solve the problems with securing your bitcoin (that might already be second-nature to people like us who may be more technically knowledgeable) for people who need to be told "try to restart your computer" in troubleshooting basic computer problems.
Hence, making it easy for **mass adoption**.
Trezor normally does this really well (you just plug it in any computer and it.just.works). I just added the idea that it should have 3G (or WiFi) so you can just skip the part about connecting it to a computer. And if everyone has one (which doesn't seem unrealistic if it was at a price point like $20), you can pass around coins like it was fiat (think cash transactions, e.g. buying lemonade from a roadside stall ran by a little girl)
@_date: 2017-02-23 04:33:54
BIP38 a new address (use an offline copy of bitaddress.org on an air-gapped/offline computer).
Gmail it to yourself. No one can use the private key anyway without the passphrase.
Throw it a couple of BTC into it.
I'd do this to make another BIP38 key and use another email/cloud service (e.g. yahoo-mail it to yourself, or even upload another BIP38 key to some file hosting with private accounts, like MediaFire)
So I'd have a few stashes online with a couple of BTC each, easily accessible by logging in with email/password, but inaccessible without the BIP38 passphrase.
@_date: 2017-02-27 13:04:16
AFAIK, crypto withdrawals are frozen, but withdrawals in Yuan aren't.
Because China is supposedly trying to prevent capital flight, and they have systems in place to prevent Yuan from leaving the country (something they cannot do with crypto). So they allow people to withdraw Yuan.
I guess PBoC wants everyone to forget about getting bitcoin, just convert to Yuan and take that instead (which they can effectively keep trapped in China).
People still want to send their money out of China though, hence the skyrocketing of LocalBitcoins activity in China.
I guess the price on Chinese exchanges is now artificial (and it's probably influenced to encourage Yuan withdrawals, since there would be no demand for unwithdrawable bitcoin). Either that, or the exchanges are selling it on the side (in international exchanges or LocalBitcoins, since they aren't allowed to give it back to the users as withdrawals) and the prices are based on that.
DISCLAIMER: I know nothing about economics, or the actual situation in China. The extent of my knowledge is discussion.
@_date: 2017-02-27 10:00:13
Hmm, I'm thinking they could implement a "migrate-request transaction", and "migrate-confirm transaction".
The migrate-request transaction would contain:
- old address (hash of ECDSA public key)  
- new address (hash of quantum-immune-cryptography public key)
After such a transaction has a decent amount of confirmations (3-6), then one can make a migrate-confirm transaction, which would just contain:
- related migrate-request-transaction ID  
(signed with old ECDSA private key)
This should prevent the earlier "race condition" where someone tries to outbid you with a higher fee (since they'll have to submit their own migrate-request transaction).
Of course, if someone tries to beat out the migrate-request transactions instead by overriding it with their own, then you won't do the migrate-confirm transaction (which would reveal the ECDSA public key, opening it up to quantum attacks).
To prevent malicious migrate-request transactions trying to beat out legitimate ones, besides having a transaction fee for both migrate-request and migrate-confirm transactions, you can also have migrate-request transactions expire after a certain number of blocks. Like how the difficulty gets adjusted every 2016 blocks, but they could expire after 12-20 blocks (2-3 hours).
But then again, whales could just stomp out all migrate-request transactions with their own with higher fees. Not like they can do anything with that... but it does prevent people from migrating from ECDSA.
Actually... it'd be better if the migration-request did not leak the old address format. It could instead contain:
- new address (hashed quantum-immune public key)  
- transfer key (something like sha256(random_secret + old address))
Then the migration-confirm could be:
- migration-request transaction ID  
- random_secret used in migration-request  
(signed with the old ECDSA public key, which means the old address can also be derived (since the public key is exposed), so with the random_secret, the transfer key earlier can be checked)
@_date: 2017-02-20 03:01:10


RIP in pieces.
@_date: 2017-02-24 11:14:17
It's like having all of the disadvantages of bitcoin (can't be easily passed around like fiat, can't be used without an internet connection, etc.)... and none of the advantages (decentralization, can't be inflated by the gov't printing more of it, etc.)
I only see this as a harder-to-use fiat, but bundled with an online payment processor.
Will it fill the niche that the Chinese are using bitcoin for (capital flight)? I think it probably won't, being government-controlled and all.
Will a state-backed cryptocurrency manage to steal the status of being the mainstream crypto, due to the gov't support? Maybe, but I think the gov't support won't matter... if it doesn't really fill the niche that the Chinese are using bitcoin for, people won't switch.
@_date: 2017-02-25 03:17:22
Sorry then, I just said it because it was an actual event that happened to me (buying lemonade from the roadside stall, and then having an afterthought about how it would've worked if bitcoin had replaced fiat).
I do hope there is no such malware. I've got a malware ridden phone right here beside me (infected with com.android.system.fqad), and it is NASTY. It has porn ads on the home screen, it regularly installs apps in the background, and I've seen that it connects to some unknown IP in Wireshark, and I see the data being sent contains form data in my browser (possibly stealing logins?)
I've tried everything to clean it, but it even survives a factory restore. And I can't even find a matching ROM to flash it with because it's some obscure chinese brand.
@_date: 2017-02-26 20:58:23
    keypair = Bitcoin::Key.generate
    address = keypair.addr
    privkey = keypair.to_base58
... wait, that's it?
That sounds like an issue with bitcoin-ruby then.
Or the QRCode generation (but then you also do a "puts" on the keys... I can't really see too many points of failure on such a short piece of code...)


Can you PM me an (unfunded) generated key-pair too?
Both the "puts" output and the QR codes.
@_date: 2017-02-26 05:16:14
I actually started to have some similar realizations when I finally opened my own online business, and started having significant savings, something most people in our country don't have.
The new government admin in our country came up with the following proposal: reducing the tax on people's salaries, but in exchange, they will increase excise taxes, such as value-added tax.
Everyone celebrated it because it meant "more take home pay"! At least, that's what they see on their payslips. And that's all that mattered to them.
But I realized that I dreaded it, increasing excise taxes and VAT meant higher prices for basic commodities, like food products and gas. Our government is basically introducing inflation and reducing the purchasing power of my savings. 
They're basically eating into everyone's savings, it's like directly hacking into my bank account.
I was pretty much dumbfounded that they can openly do this and not get called out on it, they even get celebrated for it.
@_date: 2017-02-23 05:09:27


When someone said it could hit $10,000, that hyped me.  
Then someone said it could hit $25,000, that hyped me even more.  
Then people mentioned higher values, making market cap comparisons.  
And then there's that post which says 1 BTC = 1 Lambo.  
Now I don't want to settle for anything less than parity (1 satoshi = 1 USD).


Oh. I never would, unless:
- I run out of fiat and fiat income sources.  
- bitcoin gets completely broken (e.g. RIPEMD-160 or ECDSA get broken, or bitcoin destroys itself due to some dev decision/hardfork/etc. that allows another crypto to become the new leading crypto).
If the exchange rate reaches a high enough value that I could retire with a very comfortable life on my stash, I'd still cash out only what I need to spend (and only after I completely run out of fiat).
I'm hoping I make it to when bitcoin is accepted as spendable currency everywhere (although seeing how hard it is to even get a decent WIRED internet connection in our 3rd world country, I think this is a LONG ways away)
@_date: 2017-02-19 06:37:27
This is the secret of worldwide adoption of Bitcoin right here.
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:39:34
No I didn't...? That was the original post title.


And I addressed in my original post:


Even in my original post, my "goalpost" was already to "solve the security problems" BEHIND the scenes (like Trezor does) so that the end-user no longer needs to worry about it and have to take precautions consciously.
**It's all there**, in the post title and the original post, **what are you talking about**?
@_date: 2017-02-22 14:22:40
The mattress is vulnerable to thieves.
The Trezor, used properly, shouldn't be.
TL;DR: Read the bolded parts
- **If someone else steals your Trezor or if it gets lost**, they still won't have access to the coins. **Guessing the PIN is near impossible** due to the increasing delay per attempt, [30 attempts would take around 17 years](
- The private keys never leaves the Trezor. The transaction goes into it, you can verify the address and amount on the Trezor's screen, then the transaction gets signed in the Trezor, which sends it out. Malware cannot get into the Trezor to steal your private keys, or display a fake destination address or amount.
   This means **you can connect it to a public computer filled to the brim with malware and viruses**, and still keep your coins safe, and make payments safely.
- It has "plausible deniability".
   Instead of a mattress, let's say you keep your money in a vault. **Thieves can beat you up** until you reveal the safe combination.
   On the Trezor, you can have multiple passphrases. So if you were under duress, **you can enter a "decoy" passphrase, and it will show a different wallet** (which you could've preloaded with an insignificantly small amount).
   You can even have different passphrases for a "hot wallet", "cold storage wallet", or however many wallets you want.
- **The only real weakness is the recovery seed words.** For this, I prefer to use AES encryption (which [not even the FBI can supposedly break]( without a backdoor).
   7-zip has this built-in. I just throw the words (along with some decoy phrases mixed in that I can recognize) into a text file, then [use 7-zip to create an archive with AES-256 encryption]( using a really powerful password (&gt;10 characters, lowercase, uppercase, numbers, and symbols mixed, and something I will NEVER forget accidentally).
   The only real attack you'd be vulnerable to at that point would be someone looking for your seed words using disk analysis (looking for the unencrypted file you deleted after making the encrypted archive, or looking for any instances in swap files).
   It's highly unlikely, but if you're that paranoid, just do it from a Live CD (like Tails) completely offline while running completely in RAM (with all files just on a RAMDisk).
@_date: 2017-02-18 00:59:58
Payment method, most likely.
Everyone in China would be doing national bank deposit/transfer or some local remittance center.
Outsiders might use international bank transfer, Western Union, Moneygram, or other international remittance agents.
So basically, they won't sell bitcoins to you if you use a payment method accessible only in China, you have to use a payment method accessible only outside China.
@_date: 2017-03-05 01:50:07
That's even worse than a credit card, no one selling bitcoins would touch Paypal with a 10-foot pole, as a single dispute and almost always Paypal would refund the ~~buyer~~ scammer, and sometimes even ban the seller for selling bitcoins using Paypal.
You'd probably find some on LocalBitcoins willing to accept Paypal, but to mitigate the risk, they will have around 10-20% premium on top of the current price, and will ask for a picture of your ID, a selfie of you holding your ID, holding a note saying you are purchasing bitcoins from them, a utility bill within the last 6 months in your name to prove your address, notarized by a lawyer, a strand of hair for DNA, and your firstborn child.
Just do the cash deposit, it's simple and easy.
@_date: 2017-03-08 11:48:10
I don't know... when it comes to legal matters, I think it's very dangerous to make such assumptions.
Having a "Bitcoin accepted here" sticker at your physical store, or having such a logo on the checkout page of your online shop, might be like having a big neon sign above your head saying "Please audit me, I don't have a VC exchange license".
I think is one of the founders of Satoshi Citadel Industries, I'd like to hear their point of view regarding this.
Also, I've been looking at this part:


I looked it up and found [this](


So apparently, any **service provider** who wants to deal in bitcoin will have to pay an annual fee of $2000, or P100,000 (!).
"Service provider" is quite vague, and I interpret this to mean any business that would accept bitcoin as payment for their services. Also, the $2000 annual fee is quite prohibitive for many small-to-medium sized businesses, and they might just choose not to accept bitcoin altogether.
We can already see what the effect of this was in New York with their BitLicense. Lots of bitcoin businesses, both large and small, either left New York, or stopped accepting customers from New York.
IMO this is a bad way to start it off.  
Accepting fiat has no such fees, AFAIK neither does accepting credit.  
Why treat VC's differently?
@_date: 2017-03-13 23:33:32


Funny that you even choose to disregard Google completely.
That you are not even willing to accept any sources except:


Makes me think this is not for a company but rather just for some school requirement (academic paper, thesis, or dissertation) which is why you need citable sources.
Heck, I'm running an online business worth hundreds of thousands of dollars and I never looked for "academic journals" or the like to use as sources. And back in my old job at a CMMI Level 5 company with contracts worth millions of dollars, I'd be tasked to make "Feasibility Studies" for such large contracts, and they'd be happy to take googled sources in my report.
The only real world scenario that is that strict in citable sources is in academia.
If you're looking for such things, stop looking. Most financial experts and many well-known organizations brand bitcoin as a "ponzi scheme", something that doesn't have intrinsic value, some have even said bitcoin is dead. The academic world is not yet ready for bitcoin.
And if this is really for a company, I suggest you stick with accepting fiat payments like VISA, bitcoin is obviously not for you.
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:09:46
Oh no, not for me.
I personally keep my recovery seeds AES-256 encrypted, and I have &gt;21 BTC secured this way.
I even use vanitygen to receive bitcoin payments in custom addresses for my online business.
The post title is:


My GF wants to buy some bitcoins too, but I can't really even begin to explain to her half of the stuff I do to secure my coins (or even just booting into Tails alone).
For **mass adoption**, what I was hoping to aim for is to replace fiat, and to do that you need to achieve at least equal levels of convenience to use (think cash transactions, e.g. buying lemonade from a roadside stall ran by a little girl).


IMO this isn't really the correct mindset for bitcoin. I'm more along the lines of "someday, hopefully, **everyone** will be using bitcoin instead of fiat", and pushing people back out to fiat is not what you want to be doing in that case.
@_date: 2017-02-21 20:28:42
It is very weird though that someone who is...


...suddenly decides to turn into a scammer.


Did he ask you to cancel the trade?
Because if you don't cancel the trade, his coins are held in escrow (basically, LBC will take it out of his account and hold them for you).
Then you just upload proof of payment (cash deposit slip, or in this case, Moneygram receipt), and even if he refuses to release the coins, you just file a dispute, LBC staff sees the proof, and they will release it to you.
How did you message each other (before getting each other's SMS numbers)?
Did you open a trade request? Or did you just message whatever contact details were listed in the ad?


How did you know this part too? I've bought quite a lot on LBC, I never knew what the seller's email was. Or was it just written on the advertisement text?
I say name and shame, so we can also check out the seller's profile/ads.
@_date: 2017-02-24 10:40:48
Hence why I mix it in with decoy words (I literally have 2-3 decoy words per seed word) and I do the encryption from a completely air-gapped computer (running on a Tails LiveCD, which is hash verified before running).
I've done this, and so far, my keys are still safe (and I have &gt;21 BTC stored this way).
Your seed being compromised on a computer and your wallet.dat file being compromised is just as easy, one or the other. And yet people don't say "don't run wallet programs like Electrum on a computer". Because the wallet.dat is encrypted (and my method does that as well).
IMO that advice is just for those who don't know how to take proper precaution like wallet programs do (i.e. encryption).
Whereas writing it down, IMO, is just as bad as writing down your bank/Paypal password, or writing down your private key. If it gets stolen, your coins are as good as gone. I'd never recommend keeping an unencrypted copy of your seed words, even if just on paper.
@_date: 2017-03-08 07:46:42
OMG, I can't even imagine what would happen if Duterte hears about it being linked to "drugs" and "online gambling".
As if fiat wasn't being used for the same purposes...
@_date: 2017-03-15 06:47:12
The buyer is extremely sketchy.
If seller was anonymous on LocalBitcoins (i.e. not real name verified) it means they want to keep anonymous.
The buyer sounds like an IRS agent trying to catch an anonymous seller with $25,000 worth of possibly untaxed sales.
I don't see any risk with the seller's proposal. I see tons of risk with all the buyer's demands.
@_date: 2017-03-11 04:28:15
I don't exactly WANT it, it's just a prediction, how I imagine things will eventually happen.
@_date: 2017-03-09 10:51:41


So basically, it's understandable ONLY if it done within those **few seconds**.
Since all they need is the hash of the new block (which is just a few bytes), which is broadcasted over the blockchain, and arguably much easier to obtain than having to sniff for changes in the competing mining company's miners' seed.
Also, IMO it seems unlikely that they'd discover a block within a few seconds, when it normally takes upwards of 10 minutes, unless they got REALLY lucky, or the difficulty was unreasonably low.
@_date: 2017-03-14 05:34:43
Yes, those inputs will no longer be used (since they are spent).
Any future transactions you make will come from any new inputs, so it would be best to no longer accept anything that will cause it to bloat again (e.g. faucets).
@_date: 2017-03-09 06:02:43
This is essentially what is happening with eGifter, which now [only accepts bitcoin payments from a Coinbase wallet](
It's instant (rather than having to wait for confirmations on the blockchain), but that's only because it's just moving the "coins" to other Coinbase accounts now (i.e. it all just happens instead in Coinbase' database).
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:32:38


But as I showed with my examples earlier, it is doable.
And if someone writes a virus/malware for it, all it takes is one wrong click at some dodgy site (you may not have experienced it, but I've seen it go real bad, because my mom believes those in-app ads that say "you have a virus! click here to clean your phone!" or "you won a free ipad").
It's a very real threat for less-technically-inclined users (which I am hoping to target with the idea of **mass adoption**).
@_date: 2017-03-03 00:47:00
It's a [meme](
@_date: 2017-03-03 01:26:17
I count 3. :)
@_date: 2017-02-22 00:51:23


How did you get his Gmail? The only real way to communicate on LBC is via trade, there is no other messaging system.


How did you find this post? Was it linked in the LBC ad?
Or did you just find it at Craigslist, and he just said that he owned that LBC account?
Because if that was the case, he most likely does not own that account. Most LBC traders (especially ones with a really good reputation and feedback score) won't make a post on Craigslist to sell their coins.


How did you get this?
I've bought more than 10 BTC (was around $10,000+) from a single seller in the past, and yet I am still not privy to such information (LBC does not reveal it to me anywhere, and it's not in the ad or his profile).
Was it in the LBC ad, or did you just get it from the Craigslist post?
@_date: 2017-03-03 11:21:56
I was counting the of's, not the F's.
I was just responding to Essexal saying there were only 2 of's.
@_date: 2017-03-09 03:29:36
Pick the ads that have "cash deposit" rather than meetups, it's MUCH safer (i.e. you don't risk getting mugged).
- Pick a seller that does cash deposit, open a trade for the amount you want to buy (plus some extra bits for transaction fees, I suggest a couple of dollars worth)
- In the trade chat, get their account name and number.
- Do a deposit at the bank.
- Upload a picture of the deposit slip in the trade chat.
As soon as you open the trade, their coins are locked into escrow. And once you upload that deposit slip, if any dispute occurs, LBC will always choose to release the coins to you, so it's 100% safe.
I do this and get my coins within the hour.
@_date: 2017-03-14 04:32:51
Even if it has been there a long time, and even if it is already confirmed, you will have to spend around 0.0003-0.0004 BTC for EACH INPUT, and ONLY when you finally want to move it out of that address.
That's how bitcoin works.
Which is why faucets are frowned upon as unprofitable and a waste of time. It costs more to move the coins they give you than the amount they gave. It's **UNSPENDABLE DUST**. And the fees to move that dust will just eat into any bigger inputs added to it.
If you tried to put US$100 on there, in a single transaction, it would have added around 220 bytes, so you'd have to pay an extra 0.0003 to 0.0004 BTC for that transaction.
It's the faucet outputs that bloated the cost.
If the 0.00418445 BTC you bought (sent to 1GA2bwNE6n75ckdkECyeHwTWjrQ5y37Rcu) was stored alone in the Mycelium wallet, and you sent that whole amount, you'd have spent only $0.40 in fees (as it is a single input).
Basically, if you got 0.00418445 BTC, and:
- it was sent to you in one payment, you'll pay 0.0003 BTC to move it out.
- If it was sent in 10 separate payments (whether it was over a year, or just within the same day), it will cost 10x more to move it out (0.003 BTC), eating &gt;70% of it.
- If it was sent in 20 separate payments... it's unspendable. You'll have to pay 0.0003 x 20 in fees to move it (0.006 BTC), which is more than the amount.
This is the case for ANY local wallet software.
@_date: 2017-03-14 04:04:30
At the current fee of 160 sat/B (which seems to now be the minimum if you don't want your transaction to be stuck for days), you can expect to pay around 0.0003 to 0.0004 BTC per input.
This transaction seems to have been taken from [**22** (!) different input payments](
That's a LOT. Is this from a bitcoin faucet?
Any wallet (even ones other than Mycelium) will still create a LARGE transaction in combining 22 different inputs.
Which is why it's not recommended to have plenty of small incoming payments. Because it will cost you 0.0003-0.0004 BTC in fees to add each one.
Any payment below 0.0003 BTC is technically unspendable, because it would cost more in fees to send it out. And using those as inputs will just have fees eat away at any other larger inputs, so they will actually cost YOU money.
Maybe you can try sending it with very low fees and wait for days hoping miners include it in a block.
@_date: 2017-02-25 02:36:43


This is why I was trying to think of a scenario where everyone in the world is using bitcoin.
My first idea was like yours, just an app on your phone. But I've seen how bad it can get with malware on your phone, and in our (3rd-world) country, everyone likes to go to the roadside stalls to get your phone jailbroken, just to get free (read:pirated) apps.
So you can't expect the apps to be sandboxed for everyone.
Hence why my mind moved instead to a Trezor-like device being ubiquitous.
Anyway, this was just the result of me trying to visualize what it would be like if the "eventual goal" of having everyone use bitcoin instead of fiat, and how people spending/passing around coins would look like in the real world.
@_date: 2017-03-21 02:31:27
You now need government permission for blockchains?
But isn't it just a way to store data?
What's next, government permission for SQL databases? For linked-lists and arrays?
@_date: 2017-03-14 11:13:01
The way bitcoin works, you have to spend the entire input, you can't just spend "a bit".
e.g. you spend 0.01 bitcoin from 1myAddress to 1guyImPaying. And it has a 0.20 bitcoin input. 
The transaction would be:
    input: 
      1myAddress - 0.20  
    output:  
      1guyImPaying - 0.01  
      &lt;change address&gt; - 0.19
(assuming no fees)
Basically, you have to spend the entire input, then just "pay" the remaining amount to a change address. The change address could be 1myAddress as well, or some new change address.
This is actually one of the main causes of people losing all their coins in a paper wallet.
They'd have 100 BTC or something ridiculous on a paper wallet, they spend 0.01 BTC, then expect the paper wallet to have the remaining 99.99 BTC, not expecting it to go to a change address (different from the paper wallet) and they usually delete the wallet.dat (which has the change address) "for safety", thus losing everything.
**TL;DR**: the change from the transaction still has to confirm
@_date: 2017-03-11 04:10:22
I don't have anything that can access excel files here, is column C a formula?
What's the formula to generate it?
Also, late 2018 projection looks exciting :O
@_date: 2017-03-10 13:47:38
No, my point is that all these "distractions", and other things that are preventing from bitcoin achieving it's true potential (e.g. scaling debates), I don't think they're going to matter in the long run.
So why not enjoy whatever benefits we get in the short term (e.g. moon prices) in the mean time?
I don't have a pessimistic view of seeing the ETF as blockchain spam, or as a way of keeping in control by keeping fiat in the equation, or reducing bitcoin to nothing but a store of value. I don't think these things have the power to stop bitcoin.
Having had the displeasure of having to transact over a hundred thousand dollars from my online business through Paypal and a couple of local banks, I can tell you it's nowhere as easy as with Bitcoin. I've had to verify my identity multiple times to Paypal, answer questions from my bank multiple times about sources of funds and whatnot after a few large deposits... have to wait almost a week for bank transfers, and had a REALLY HARD time withdrawing a large amount of fiat... after experiencing all that, I completely believe nothing can stop bitcoin from crushing this system sooner or later.
I think everything is just a bump in the road, and if that ETF "bump in the road" increases my net worth to 10x, I'm not complaining.
@_date: 2017-03-10 11:12:25
Bitcoin "solves" the problem by:
- counting the number of confirmations, and
- adding PoW (proof-of-work) to minimize "lost messengers" (orphaned blocks), by adding enough difficulty so that each messenger cannot get attacked easily (i.e. conflicting next block).
The premise of the problem is **too idealistic**, which is that the generals will "NEVER" attack unless they are 100% sure the other will be 100% sure to attack as well.


Well, bitcoin has a set number of confirmations.
After 3 confirmations, it's somewhat reliable, and after 6 confirmations, you can be almost sure.
It's not as **idealistic** as mathematicians would like their problems to be (i.e. 100% certainty on both sides), but it's PRETTY DAMN NEAR.
And this is more realistic.
What kind of general wouldn't be sure it's okay when you have a message that says "this is a confirmation confirming your confirmation that confirmed the confirmation earlier that confirms that I confirmed receiving your message"? **That's ridiculous.**
Of course, there are times that come when the message doesn't arrive, e.g. the messenger didn't get back to the general. In the problem, this could end up with one of the generals not attacking, and thus the other group getting obliterated.
The equivalent of this in bitcoin is orphaned blocks.
i.e. when two miners mine the same next block, the orphaned block was "attacked" like the messenger.
Confirmations (mined blocks) get dropped, and the miner loses their reward.
But whilst this means complete and total obliteration in the generals' war, in bitcoin, this is recoverable.
The transactions in the dropped block are either mined in the block that beat out their block, or still in the mempool. Nothing of value is lost! (except for the orphaned block's miner's reward)
And by setting a difficulty that separates each confirmation (i.e. mined block) by around 10 minutes, by adding PoW, this minimizes the chance orphaned blocks. 
It still happens, but it is much rarer, and the COUNT of confirmations (combined with the large amount of PoW needed to generate it) makes it near impossible to invalidate longer chains.
Which is why some require up to 6 confirmations. Lower confirmations may still belong to an orphaned block (shot messenger), but it is near impossible to beat out a 60 minute long proof-of-work.
@_date: 2017-02-20 03:00:25
I'm guessing this is LocalBitcoin activity in China when PBoC started clamping down bitcoin exchanges in China.
@_date: 2017-03-18 03:44:58
The [bearwhale]( dumped 30,000 bitcoins at $300 each ($9 million worth in coins) back in 2014, but even the bearwhale was slain in a mere 7 hours.
You can see in the site I linked the realtime price graph during that time (you can also see the exact time and price by hovering your mouse over it if you're not on mobile).
So that's one case you can study regarding that.
@_date: 2017-03-31 12:40:07
Pick the ads that have "cash deposit" rather than meetups, it's MUCH safer (i.e. you don't risk getting mugged).
- Pick a seller that does cash deposit, open a trade for the amount you want to buy
- In the trade chat, get their account name and number.
- Do a deposit at the bank.
- Upload a picture of the deposit slip in the trade chat.
As soon as you open the trade, their coins are locked into escrow. And once you upload that deposit slip, if any dispute occurs, LBC will always choose to release the coins to you, so it's 100% safe.
I do this and get my coins within the hour.
@_date: 2017-03-13 11:55:37


All you've replied to everyone in this thread is basically "I don't want to listen to you, you're not an expert (covers ears)"
Why even bother asking, if you won't listen to anyone you don't deem "an expert"?


There is no "expert source of information" you can find that will reliably explain ALL of that. This is all learned experience from actually using bitcoin.
If you refuse to give any credibility to experienced users, then I'll just point you to [the most credible source there is](
Real experts do not have time to help anyone with "setting up Bitpay" (which in itself is incredibly straight forward). There are technical experts you can ask about technical things (e.g. Segwit, Lightning Network, miner/node signalling, hashpower, hard forks and the like), there are financial experts that you can ask about the political details (e.g. PBoC issues, the SEC or the recently rejected Winklevoss ETF), experts who are watching the blockchain (e.g. those who can monitor blockchain spam, or nodes signalling BU, whales spamming transactions, or miners mining empty blocks)...
But setting up Bitpay? That's not even close to an "expert topic". Securing an individual wallet is an even deeper topic than that.
Here are all the ["reliable sources"]( you'll need for that.
@_date: 2017-03-06 14:26:05
RemindMe! 5 years
@_date: 2017-03-03 01:37:19
Your [old transaction]( is 10 sat/B at 1077 bytes, and your [new one]( is 164 sat/B at only 225 bytes.
That's only [36.66 sat/B per transaction](
For educational purposes, I say do a third "Grandchild-pays-for-parent-and-grandparent" transaction, at 800 sat/B.
Assuming it's also 225 bytes (like the other transaction with 1 input, 2 outputs), [800 sat/B should bring the total sat/B price to around 150.](
@_date: 2017-03-07 05:28:00
Well, you can't tell a story like this without telling us what he's saying about it now.
@_date: 2017-03-12 11:41:52
Almost nobody accepts Paypal for bitcoin, because you can dispute Paypal payments, while bitcoin is irreversible.
And usually, when it comes to digital (non-tangible) items, Paypal offers no protection to the seller, and will almost always side with the buyer. All they need to claim in the dispute is that they did not receive the item, and Paypal will only allow a "tracking number" from a valid postal service as "proof of delivery". Or they can just claim their Paypal account got hacked, and all their money is returned, out of your pockets (taken from your Paypal balance).
Thus, anyone can pay with Paypal, then do a dispute, and can run off with both their payment and the bitcoins.
If you ever find someone who accepts it, to mitigate the risk, they will usually have more than 20% premium on top of the current price, and will ask for a picture of your ID, a selfie of you holding your ID, holding a note saying you are purchasing bitcoins from them, a utility bill within the last 6 months in your name to prove your address, notarized by a lawyer, a strand of hair for DNA, and your firstborn child.
@_date: 2017-03-08 14:55:48
I personally agree, but not because of the nearly-impossible chance of someone finding your private key.
But rather, the realistic chance that your private key (or seed words) get compromised, e.g.
- malware or viruses steal your private key
- or [rubber-hose cryptanalysis](
- or you accidentally download a modified/malicious wallet program (people have been victimized by scams, like fake githubs for legitimate and well-known wallet software, or quoting posts by reliable people and changing the download link in the quote, etc.)
I would personally recommend using separate passphrases on a Trezor for each portion. You'd need a way to remember all the passphrases though. Not something simple like counting, but not too complicated that one would forget it.
@_date: 2017-03-08 14:27:17
That is VERY good to hear, especially since you are in direct contact with them.
@_date: 2017-03-10 15:27:02
Overall no, but for a **single day** in a **single transaction** (or in this case, 2 transactions), yes.
I've received payments in small increments well over that in a single day from multiple buyers ($5-10 each), and it triggered nothing.
I decided to sell bulk, and got a single $500 payment. My buyer said Paypal limited their account until they explained the "huge" payment (and provide ID documents, I think).
@_date: 2017-03-04 23:25:55
Can you explain? How would this prevent their block from being orphaned?


I thought "finding a block" meant finding a specific hash of those transactions along with the previous block's hash (with a specific leading number of zeroes based on the difficulty)... so you can't add/remove transactions once you find a block.
i.e. you have to have been trying to solve for the hash with an empty block all along
And also, it includes the previous block's hash, so how would it resolve the conflict with the "unreleased block"? (Honest question, as the extent of my bitcoin knowledge comes from ELI5 posts)
@_date: 2017-03-06 14:21:14


LocalBitcoins is easy to use.
- Pick a seller that does cash deposit, open a trade for $200 (plus some extra bits for transaction fees, I suggest a couple of dollars worth)
- In the trade chat, get their account name and number.
- Do a deposit at the bank.
- Upload a picture of the deposit slip in the trade chat.
As soon as you open the trade, their coins are locked into escrow. And once you upload that deposit slip, if any dispute occurs, LBC will always choose to release the coins to you, so it's 100% safe.
I do this and get my coins within the hour.
@_date: 2017-03-09 03:25:15
It's a [meme](
@_date: 2017-03-18 08:47:25
No, they'd have to reject the whole block that contains the transaction, they can't reject a single transaction without invalidating the whole block (since the block is validated by hashing it as a whole, with ALL the transactions in it)
Obviously they can't do that as a single block usually has thousands of transactions.
@_date: 2017-03-12 08:44:13


Sorry? Exchanges are websites where people can meet other people who are selling/buying bitcoin. The exchange just provides a medium for these people to connect (and provides wallet and escrow services, among other things... but besides all the market features, in it's core, it's just buyers and sellers meeting up).
Exchanges like Gemini, Bitfinex, Kraken, btc-e etc.
@_date: 2017-03-10 14:28:53
US$1000 in transactions in just one day...
That would definitely trigger some AML threshold.
(Unless that was in a high-traffic sales site, as a total of plenty of smaller orders.)
Even with just a few refunds, Paypal will already start asking for your refund policy (as they view accepting refunds as high-risk), even on a business account. I know, I got asked a few times on my online business' account.
If this was a personal account (which has no business giving refunds), that's another big flag. They don't allow personal accounts to accept payments.
And that you hit AML thresholds using REFUNDS rather than purchases or payments accepted... that just raises too many red flags.
You'll probably just need to call them up, then probably provide some AML documentation, and they'll clear your account right up.
EDIT: Wait, I'm reading your other comments... it seems you did not want these refunds to occur... what happened exactly? If you got forced to refund such large amounts, and you went into the negative because of it, I can totally see this happening.
@_date: 2017-03-05 02:33:56


150 sat/B is what usually shows up in my LocalBitcoins withdrawals, and it's quite reliable (never takes more than 30 minutes).
I tried 100 sat/B once, that took several hours, and I think it only went through because I eventually used the ViaBTC Transaction Accelerator on it.
@_date: 2017-03-05 01:44:04
Using a debit card? That's going to be hard since it's somewhat like a credit card in that there is still a risk of chargeback.
If you can use cash instead, I recommend:
- Pick a seller that does cash deposit, open a trade for $20 (plus some extra bits for transaction fees, I suggest a couple of dollars worth)
- In the trade chat, get their account name and number.
- Do a deposit at the bank.
- Upload a picture of the deposit slip in the trade chat.
@_date: 2017-03-10 10:48:59
I was thinking more along the lines of the last few words:


How would they exactly catch people making online purchases and spending bitcoin (instead of fiat)? Monitor everyone's current bitcoin amount, and it's not allowed to go down, except via exchanges?
Everyone will just say they own zero in the initial count. All they'll be able to monitor is the bitcoins coming out of exchanges. And seeing the huge spike of usage of LocalBitcoins in China, it seems they would have to also block LBC completely (as well as any other P2P solution, like BitSquare), and catch everyone with an ad.
At that point, that's no longer "regulating".  
But then again, rule 5 does imply such a level of control.
If they actually enforce it at that level, I'd think bitcoin price in China would take a nose dive.
As you cannot use any coins you withdraw from an exchange, since enforcing it would require counting and tracking all coins that leave an exchange... in fact, coins can't go anywhere else: can't be spent like fiat, can't be sent out of the country.
The only way to enforce not using coins for purchases is to ask the KYC'd owner of any withdrawn coins where their coins went every time it moves on the blockchain. It's either you give it as a gift to someone else INSIDE China, or give it to an exchange. Any coins from an exchange would then be useless, since they would be unusable, constantly tracked.
If they enforce it at that level, the only coins you can use are the ones outside the exchange system. And you can't sell them in China (since such tracking would require banning all P2P sites like LBC, and everyone with an ad might be arrested). Unless there is a way to get paid completely anonymously in China. Otherwise, you can only send it out of the country (either as capital flight, or as purchases).
I dunno... if they really enforce it like that, it sounds almost as bad as banning it. Which is why I think it's unenforceable (also for how you can't control any of the coins that aren't in exchanges).
@_date: 2017-03-14 11:37:23
No, the 12 letter phrase (BIP39 seed) is deterministic.
Meaning, if you enter it in another wallet on another computer, it will generate the same set of addresses.
That's safe.
A paper wallet is a single private key printed on paper (no 12 word seed or anything).


It will send the whole input.
An address can have multiple inputs.
e.g. if you receive 10 BTC, then 3 BTC, to 1MyAddress, it will have 2 inputs. 
So next time you spend from 1MyAddress, it can take one of those inputs and use it in the next transaction.
Here is a visual representation:


    Transaction A: output 10 BTC to 1MyAddress


    Transaction B: output 3 BTC to 1MyAddress
Now you want to spend 4 BTC. Your wallet sees that it can use the "Transaction A" output, so it creates this transaction:
    Transaction C:
        input - payment from Transaction A to 1MyAddress
        output
          - 4 BTC to 1someoneYouArePaying
          - 6 BTC to &lt;change address&gt;
Transactions just take outputs of old transactions as inputs (as a whole).
@_date: 2017-03-12 01:04:24
- your customers have to pay using bitcoin. There is no service that allows them to pay using their VISA/Mastercard and you receive bitcoin payments.
  This means you have a much smaller market, because you can only accept payments from those who either know about bitcoin, or those who are willing to learn just to pay you.
- Bitcoin price is volatile. What is worth $25 today might be worth only $10 tomorrow. Or worth $100 tomorrow. The overall trend is upwards though. But many investors will not be happy with such volatility.
- Securing bitcoin is not easy. Many malware and viruses exist whose sole purpose is to instantly empty any wallets they encounter. These are designed to recognize private keys, seed words, etc. But you can protect yourself 100% from such threats by using a hardware wallet (e.g. Trezor) which is immune to such malware and viruses.
- There are technical details that may cause you to lose your coins if you misunderstand them. e.g. some people store coins in paper wallets, spend a little, then expect the remaining change to still be in the paper wallet. But it goes into a change address, which some accidentally delete expecting to be safe with their paper wallet, thus losing everything. Again, if you use a hardware wallet (e.g. Trezor) for your spending, this should not be an issue as well.
EDIT: Although a hardware wallet is more of an individual-oriented solution. If it is for a company, you may want to look into multi-signed addresses. You can have separate board members hold separate signatures, meaning they all have to sign off any withdrawals. Unless you are the sole proprietor, in which a Trezor should be fine.
- Fraud-free. No chargebacks, no disputed Paypal payments, no reversed wire transfers.
  All payments you receive are 100% yours.
- Possible capital growth. Bitcoin's price trend has been going up, and is expected to keep going up.
@_date: 2017-03-06 03:44:12
I doubt they'd come to a minimum fee consensus anytime soon (seeing as how they can't even get to a consensus on scalability).
There seems to be an unwritten rule that 150 sat/B is the current acceptable fee, but ViaBTC's transaction accelerator accepting transactions with lower fees is a prime example of undercutting other miners.
@_date: 2017-03-02 01:32:48
Nah, I dropped over at sub, It's just a bunch of memes about bitcoin, usually about the price or something about the moon. Just some harmless fun.
@_date: 2017-03-12 04:50:18
Bitcoin's value is the value that people assign to it.
People buy and sell it on exchanges right now for around US$1200.
That's basically it.
And the reassurance that no one can create it from thin air.
An immutable ledger secured by cryptography assures that bitcoins are only introduced by proof-of-work. Not government-backed unlike fiat, no gold-backing, but also you don't have to trust anyone to give value to the currency as well. It's trustless because it's secured by cryptography.
I guess you could say even the currency's backing is decentralized as well. Hence the volatility.
@_date: 2017-03-05 01:57:01
I'm not from the US, but I've read that many sellers actually exclude NYC, as it has supposedly draconian regulatory policies regarding any business dealing with digital currency, with very strict KYC/AML rules.
Buying on Localbitcoins is expensive (1350+ per BTC) because you are paying a premium for anonymity (especially if you just do cash deposits).
If you don't need anonymity, I'd recommend using an exchange. Especially with that high volume.
@_date: 2017-03-01 01:22:07
I dunno, the price of a Pi is almost the same as a Ledger Nano S, but you lose the most important advantage (IMO) of hardware wallets to wallet programs/apps:
They are immune to malware/viruses designed to steal your bitcoin.
It may be highly improbably, but it may be possible that there's a virus out there written specifically to target Armory wallets running on Raspbian.
There's no such worry on a real hardware wallet, you can even connect it to a machine filled to the brim with malware.
I'd understand if the price points had a bigger difference, but in this case, this seems like more effort for something less appropriate.
@_date: 2017-03-05 13:24:12
As a casual observer with very little knowledge outside of what I read in posts, if it ended up such that there was a separate PBoC-endorsed chain, different from the global chain, would the Chinese (which would be their primary target market) even use the PBoC-chain coins?
Since I've read a lot of posts that say that the main reason the Chinese use bitcoin is because China has clamped down on the Yuan to prevent capital flight. This could mean a PBoC-endorsed chain would have the same problems as the Yuan (i.e. coins trapped in China).
I think it wouldn't see as much use as the original chain, since it doesn't work as a solution for the niche they are (supposedly) using it for (i.e. PBoC-chain can't be used for capital flight, since it's not used outside of China).
@_date: 2017-03-10 06:13:07




That seems to be completely opposite to the concept of bitcoin.
But then, it's not exactly like it's enforceable... are they going to trace all bitcoin withdrawals on the blockchain? 
@_date: 2017-03-09 07:44:30
The wallet doesn't receive the funds, and you don't need to "redirect" it.
Basically, they send the funds to a certain "address", and you can access the funds from any "wallet software" if you have the private key for that address.
You can even compute a private-key and public-key pair using pen-and-paper (without a computer) using the ECDSA algo/formula, then do the SHA-256 and RIPEMD-160 manually on pen-and-paper as well to get the address.
Then you can ask someone to send funds to that address (which you made manually, without using a computer). And you can access those funds in that address from anywhere using the private key you computed on paper (assuming you didn't make any mistakes).
You can also check the current balance of any address on any website that allows you to look up blockchain addresses/transactions. It's safe as long as you only put in the address (and not your private key).
For example, at:
@_date: 2017-03-04 00:49:02
I'd just hit up [blockchain.info's API]( Simple JSON.
Although there are request limits (which you can see at the bottom of [this page](
@_date: 2017-03-09 09:19:03
It's like SHA-256, RIPEMD-160, and ECDSA all got completely broken in the same day. :s
@_date: 2017-03-10 20:36:13
Well, in my experience, Paypal gets triggered by the littlest of things.
Unlike with my bank, where you actually have to show up with a huge wad of cash before they start asking questions.
@_date: 2017-03-12 03:25:57
Yes, I suggest check on the links in the sidebar to start, you can find links on the sidebar where you can spend your bitcoin or where you can hire someone with bitcoin.
You can also find links to sites that will list bitcoin ATMs, and there are sites that list places where you can spend your bitcoin other online (e.g. restaurants, stores, etc.)
@_date: 2017-03-10 15:30:53
Also, my bank thinks so.
I can make any cash deposit below $1000 and they don't ask any questions.
Every time I deposit an amount above that, they always ask me for ID.
@_date: 2017-03-13 10:42:51
You'd actually be hard-pressed to find someone willing to provide you so much info condensed into such a concise format.
Everyone else will just tell you to go research it for yourself.
And if you weren't really going to accept advice in this thread, why even bother asking here in reddit?
Your "company" should've invested it's own resources into your own research team, or hire actual experts instead of randomly asking here.
If you really want an "expert", try and get advice from "Andreas Antonopoulos". He's a well-known expert commonly invited as speakers to talks, and he has several well-selling books about cryptocurrencies under his name, and is also writing code for plenty of cryptocurrency applications. Although I doubt he'd even spare you the amount of time it takes to even write the post above.
Seriously though, you just want something incredibly simple which is to accept Bitpay payments, and yet you have ridicuously high standards and are looking for an "expert" or a "reputable source", and yet can't put in the legwork yourself, that's pretty fucking hilarious.
@_date: 2017-03-10 13:23:12
The way I see it, sooner or later, people will eventually switch to bitcoin.
The same way they once switched from gold coins to fiat.
Or even before that, when they switched from bartering to currency like gold coins.
Why is that?
Because it is just SO CONVENIENT, it HAS to be the future.
Just like how smartphones (iOS and Android devices) brought the internet to everyone's fingertips, and how the internet turned TV shows and movies to on-demand, and how Netflix killed Blockbuster...
Bitcoin brings banking to your fingertips.
I realized this when I first made a bitcoin payment. It felt like magic. No need to risk typing your credit card number on some unknown dodgy web form. No need to deal with outfits like Paypal who after a few purchases ask for a copy of your ID AND some proof of billing. No need to worry about them closing your account if you make large purchases or buy from questionable sites (heck, they were once known to close accounts for buying/selling in crypto). I just sent it from Electrum, and it was paid, just like that.
And even more so making international remittances. I could send any amount I want quickly across the world. No need to wait 3-5 banking days for SWIFT transfers, no questions from your bank when you do several thousands of dollars worth in transactions, no need to deal with money remittance agents like Western Union that charge an arm and a leg in fees, ask for 10 IDs from the sender AND recipient, and sometimes even flag a name from sending when they send too much (WU has been said to do this if a certain name exceeds some thousand dollar threshold sent within a certain time period, even in separate transactions and branches)...
I just sent it across the world, and it was there within an hour (at 150 sat/B), no hassles.
[Andreas Antonopoulos]( really hits it with this line: "What's a business day?"
So what does this have to do with the ETF?
I don't think this ETF will harm bitcoin. I think this ETF will just speed up adoption. The faster it's fiat equivalent worth rises, the more people's attention and interests it will capture, and the more people will get into it.
And if it causes mooning and makes HODLers to get "fiat-rich" in the meantime, why say no?
@_date: 2017-03-02 04:12:06
That's assuming the attacker even knows to look for seed words in what appears to be a random text file.
Which was supposedly AES encrypted btw, with a long and strong password as I said earlier (done completely on an air-gapped computer, so you're not getting it from a swap file or RAM, you're gonna have to break the encryption).
The chances of all of that happening, and having such a security/exploit expert personally attack ones keys protected in such a personal and obscure method, is pretty low, if not impossible.
Compare that to the chance that someone finds the physical copy (piece of paper or recovery booklet) and actually knows how to use such seed words.
This scenario is much more realistic, and I'd think it'd be more of a risk. Even if you supposedly have it secured, only one little event is needed to separate one from his supposedly "safe space"
e.g. house fire. Assuming the keys survive the fire (e.g. not on paper, but was on cryptosteel), after such events, you'll usually have outsiders entering your space (e.g. firemen, once we had a small fire, we had officers stomping around looking for the source, whether it was faulty electrical wiring or whatnot, there might also be some opportunists that might intend to loot), all it takes is for one of them to recognize it for what it is.
On the other hand, I doubt there is even malware out there that would crack AES encrypted archives, then pick out seed words from a text file with multiple random words.
@_date: 2017-03-06 01:18:39
As someone who believes that "moon" will eventually mean 1 BTC = 1 million dollars or something similarly ridiculous, when worldwide mass adoption finally comes, and that eventually people hearing you have a WHOLE bitcoin would be jaw-dropping, I agree.
I don't want to be remembered as the guy who "knew about bitcoin when you could still buy a whole coin" and end up in everyone's sights because of that.
But if other bitcoiners are like OP's image, please DO continue to be like that. Can't have mass adoption if everyone was a secretive HODLer like me.
@_date: 2017-03-12 11:18:14
Yeah, like the other reply said, right now if you don't set a high transaction fee, at least 150 sat/B, your transaction is just gonna get stuck for days.
But if you can import your private keys over to Electrum, you don't even need to pay any fees.
Unless you want to switch to an HD wallet, with the seed words, so that you have deterministic addresses.
@_date: 2017-03-09 10:36:05


Yeah, I remember in the past when I was reading about bitcoin (but I didn't get into it back then) that you could avoid transaction fees by having "aged coins".
Why did they remove this? And can you link me to any articles/discussions in the past regarding this, when core removed it? I just want to see what people thought of it back then (e.g. did they already know it would cause dust outputs to become unspendable?) And was it a straight change to only satoshis/byte?
I tried googling it but I couldn't find anything on it, and I have no idea what to search for.
@_date: 2017-03-12 02:20:35
Bitcoin is an immutable ledger of proof-of-work and transactions trading any fraction of the rewards from the said proof-of-work, which is completely trustless and is instead secured by cryptography.
What does this mean?
It's basically a permanent list of "rewards for solving a really hard math problem", and transactions trading these rewards. And it's secure because math guarantees no one can create it from thin air.
It's value is whatever value people choose to give it (dictated by the prices it's traded at in exchanges). And people apparently choose to value it now at around US$1200 each.
@_date: 2017-03-06 04:55:35
Oh I'm pretty sure my coins are pretty secure.
And I'm planning to get a Trezor and use a decoy passphrase with it.
But none of that matters [in reality]( especially when the time comes that they remember you were talking about something a few years ago that is now worth a MILLION DOLLARS.
Families have been broken by lottery winnings, winners killed by friends and family and whatnot. How is your BIP-38 encrypted private key stored in a bank vault supposed to protect you from that?
...but that's just me.
I totally support everyone who preaches bitcoin to the world. After all, how is the price supposed to rise without increasing the demand.
@_date: 2017-03-11 05:07:44
While fiat is still in play, they could be exchanges as well, I guess.
And their ATMs become Bitcoin ATMs, offering fiat&lt;-&gt;bitcoin conversion.
Maybe loans, with collateral. And then they can offer interest on deposits from the loans. Same old system, except with bitcoin instead of fiat.
@_date: 2017-03-10 09:01:46


I think this one is also their version of preventing capital flight, like how they do it with the Yuan, applied to bitcoin.
Not exactly sure how it's enforceable (like how 5 also seems unenforceable).
@_date: 2017-03-08 10:25:46
From this link:


This quote:


"Other value" seems to be extremely vague, do goods/products or services fall under this?
Does this mean opening a store that can accept bitcoin payments classifies one as an "exchange", if you accept direct payments into a bitcoin address?
And that the only way to accept bitcoin payments without being classified as an exchange is to use a bitcoin payment processor (e.g. accept payments thru coins.ph instead of direct into your wallet address)?
If so, this seems to be EXTREMELY opposite to bitcoin's concept.
@_date: 2017-03-08 14:57:30
Also, if your seed words get compromised, don't you still end up losing everything?
@_date: 2017-03-13 00:24:35
How would you distinguish payments made by different customers then?
Well... I've seen an online store that asks customers to sign a message with the address they paid with, so it's not impossible.
But then, your customers can also see all your previous payments.
Some use a library to generate different addresses for each customer. Or some service like Bitpay. And some just manually change the addresses after a few payments have been made in them.
But yeah, it can be as simple as giving an address to pay into.
@_date: 2017-03-10 03:31:52
I wonder how much their sales crashed when they stopped accepting bitcoin payments from non-coinbase wallets.
Apparently enough to make them change it back.
@_date: 2017-03-11 03:45:24
Although in this case, if the goal is for banks to accept that bitcoin is taking over and they are losing most of the control they have, and they have no other choice but to offer it, the SEC rejection seems to be a step back.
@_date: 2018-06-16 03:08:18
I'm from the Philippines and I'd like to know more about the process (specifically, on cashing out and paying taxes).
I haven't cashed any out so I THINK I still don't owe any taxes, but I want to know the details from someone who cashed out a considerable amount in the Philippines if we ever get to McAfee price levels.
@_date: 2019-10-13 11:25:39
No problem.
Further proof, lots of people thought the seed words were the same thing, until they actually tried it:






I guess they do this so they have the ability to freeze funds, which I think is required by law by the regulators (BSP).
@_date: 2019-10-13 11:09:51
They claim that but it's not exactly true.
(1) When I deposit bitcoins into my Abra deposit address, it then moves into a larger wallet with tons of other bitcoins.
You can check coin movements using a blockchain explorer. e.g. 
Just type your address there, and you can see all coin movements into and out of your wallet.
A wallet you absolutely control should have no transactions other than the ones you made.
Abra wallets have extra transactions, meaning THEY control the wallet, NOT you.
(2) Get the Abra seed words, try to restore the wallet into Electrum or Mycelium.
You should see the same balance. You most probably won't. I didn't. It was a completely different (empty) wallet.
Any other offline wallet/non-custodial wallet has this feature, because they follow the BIP39 protocol.
You can use the same set of seed words on Electrum, Mycelium, Trezor, Ledger, ColdCard, etc.  
You will always get the same wallet, and see your balance.
On Abra, they have their own standard for seed words (who knows how it works, it's not the same thing).  
And it's not a wallet you control on your own, somehow they have control and can send out the coins from it.
In the end, I just use Abra to buy coins, and transfer them out immediately afterwards.  
But if it's just $200 (p10,000), I guess it's not really worth buying a hardware wallet over.  
Installing Electrum or Mycelium or any other offline wallet is extremely easy though, and is infinitely more reliable.
Abra controls their wallet, they've even put my coins **ON HOLD**, literally freezing my account like a bank, by taking them directly from my wallet, until I completed ID verification, in the name of "Anti-money Laundering Laws".  
They have done this several times (literally every p50K increment of activity I hit, they take my coins, freeze my account, and ask for ID AGAIN).  
This is NOT what a REAL bitcoin wallet is.  
Bitcoin is unfreezable, unseizable, uncensorable.  
That is why it was made, to be free from government control.  
Abra's "wallet" goes against everything that Bitcoin stands for.  
They're good for buying, not for hodling.
@_date: 2019-06-27 20:25:15
Any advice for Filipinos looking out to cash large amounts?
Say I bought several BTC back when it was $1000 each, and I want to cash out a few when it hits... let's say... $200k each.
- What paperwork would I need to show the banks?  
- What about paying taxes?
I saw some horror stories from some Filipinos on /biz/, one guy had his account closed by BPI, another guy had EastWest refusing to allow him to neither withdraw nor close his account.  
And they claimed to have tried to show some documentation like "screenshots from coins, rebit, and Binance and Bitmex", but those were apparently not enough?
And about paying taxes... are we also taxed on each trade like burgerland?  
What if I was stupid enough to play in the shitcoin casino?  
Like using Shapeshift before I knew what exchanges were, or having used defunct exchanges like Cryptopia and BTC-e?
Or can we just pay tax on the coins we cash out?  
What documentation would be needed?  
e.g. documentation for source of coins?
Is there any place/anyone in the Philippines that can easily assist with these concerns?
@_date: 2019-10-13 10:27:59
Sabi ko nga nasa computer ko lang.
Hindi offline wallet yung Abra, hindi din offline wallet yung Coins.ph.  
Exchange sila, dun ka bumibili ng bitcoins.  
Pero yung wallet nila, "custodial wallet" yun, ibig sabihin, pag nagsara sila, wala na coins mo.
Katulad ng Cryptopia, Bitgrail, BTC-e/Wex, at MtGox, andaming nawalan ng coins kasi nagsara yung mga yun.
Dapat sa offline wallet, yung ikaw yung may control ng private key/seed words.  
Gaya ng Electrum, at hardware wallets gaya ng Trezor at Ledger.  
Or yung app na Mycelium sa Android.  
Kahit magsara yung companies ng Trezor or Ledger, or mawala sa App Store yung Mycelium, or mawala na yung Electrum site at devs:  
**pwede mo irestore yung private key/seed words sa ibang offline wallet.**
Yun yung pinaka importante.  
Pag nagsara Abra or Coins.ph, wala na lahat ng bitcoins na iniwan mo dun.  
Kaya ako, pagkabili ko sa Abra or sa Coins.ph, withdraw KAGAD ng coins.
@_date: 2019-10-12 20:52:16
Huwag kang magpapa-uto sa mga nagsasabing "biased" daw dito, at sinabing magtanong ka sa r/btc.
Paid sockpuppets yun na nagpropromote lang ng BCH/bcash/bitcoin cash.  
ALTCOIN yun, hindi yun totoong bitcoin.
Pag tiningnan mo yung buong puro BTC-HATERS.  
Propaganda subreddit yun para lang magpromote ng BCH.
Nakita ko din, nagtanong ka ng magandang wallet.
Mahirap sa Coins.ph, hawak nila coins mo.  
Pag nagsara sila, o nahack sila at nanakawan ng coins, wala na din coins mo.
Ang common motto dito:
**"NOT YOUR KEYS, NOT YOUR BITCOIN"**
Eto kwento ko ng mga coins ko na iniwan ko lang sa mga website at nawala:






Kaya ako, nagsstore nalang ako ng coins sa computer ko. Maraming software, pinaka-uso Electrum.
KASO, ang mahirap, pag may **virus** ka, pwedeng nakawin coins sa computer mo. Kaya yung iba may exclusive computer sila pang bitcoin lang. O bumibili sila ng hardware wallet (gaya ng Trezor or Ledger), hindi navivirusan yun.
Saka bukod sa Coins.ph, pwede ka din bumili sa Abra app sa Android (Play Store). Sa 7-11 pwede magdeposit sa cashier, sa Cliqq terminal. Minsan mas mura presyuhan sa Abra kaysa sa Coins.ph.
Good luck nalang, marami kang kelangan matutunan pag papasok ka talaga sa bitcoin. Saka warning lang na sobrang volatile ng value.
Nakita kong umakyat mula $1000 to $20000, tapos bumagsak to $3000.  
Tapos umangat ulit to $14000, tapos bumagsak to $8000.  
Kung hindi kaya ng sikmura mo, magstocks ka na lang hahahaha.
@_date: 2017-04-20 11:35:50
I've been thinking about something similar in the past, because bitcoin doesn't have fiat's convenience of being passed around easily (except when both you and the other party have a smartphone and an internet connection).
But you can never trust a paper wallet from anyone else.
Because the one who gives it to you also has a copy of the private key.
The only thing assuring bitcoin has value is the blockchain, since it is immutable, and only proof-of-work can add new transactions, each of which are guaranteed by cryptography to be authentic.
You lose this guarantee of authenticity and value when you go offline.
Meanwhile, fiat's guarantee of value is provided by the government, and the guarantee of authenticity is the ability of the government to generate hard-to-counterfeit notes (e.g. magnetic stripes, ultraviolet marking, etc.)
Although I can see a possible solution... maybe there could be a hybrid solution on Lightning? So that you can use offline devices (e.g. smartphones only, internet not required). Like having a cryptographic proof that you have a time-locked deposit could allow you to create offline cryptographically-signed transactions backed by the cryptographically-proofed-deposit? Although I don't know enough about how Lightning really works to know how this would work... like how it would prevent offline over-spending.
@_date: 2017-04-23 09:35:46
BIP38 is great!
It generates a password-encrypted paper wallet.
It just basically encrypts your private key with the password, and the result is what goes on the paper wallet. You can lose your paper wallet and whoever finds it still won't be able to get the private key without the password.
Can't go wrong with choosing BIP38 (unless you forget the password).
@_date: 2017-04-23 10:18:10
Also, here is a comment from someone who claims to be actually doing it:
@_date: 2017-04-12 01:13:49
I never had to verify my identity with localbitcoins. They don't even have my real name.
Some sellers require it, if you find a seller where you need to be real name verified or ID verified, just move on to the next seller.
@_date: 2017-04-23 03:07:42


Sorry, I don't understand, can you explain?
Why would increasing spread make people less likely to withdraw BTC? A bitcoin is the same whichever exchange you keep it at...
Also, the only losses I am seeing would probably be people buying BTC at Bitfinex at a premium (which they would only be doing to get their funds out of Bitfinex, which they can't do if it is in USD)
Or do you mean the higher the spread, the less likely people are to buy bitcoin at a loss with the USD that is stuck at finex?


Oh if this is true (actually, I think it's Taiwan banks Bitfinex is using?)... that's really a GREAT opportunity for any Taiwanese right now.
They can sell bitcoins at Bitfinex at a premium, withdraw locally to their Taiwanese bank accounts (which should not be blocked), and then grab some more bitcoins for cheap from another exchange.
This would explain why other exchanges are following the price rise, and why the spread is not getting too large.
If this is true, I foresee this continuing until all USD of non-Taiwan residents has been drained from Bitfinex (by people using it to buy BTC at a premium to get out), and Bitfinex will become a Taiwan-only crypto exchange for fiat related matters.
@_date: 2017-09-08 20:26:33
- Leave a "will" that will be emailed to multiple recipients (parents, relatives, significant other, children, etc.) using **Google's Inactive Account Manager** (i.e. deadman's switch)
It instructs all of them that I have bitcoins stored in a file in my PC, in my email (will also contains the email password), in a thumb drive in my cabinet, and in a thumbdrive in the medicine cabinet at my parents' house.
AND how much it is currently worth in USD. Gotta wave those bills in front of them to get them to take action and not think it's just a bunch of online play money.
- What they will find is just a 7zip file, where I **abuse 7-zip's ability to AES-encrypt files**, along with a text-file (so you have to use AES and not ZipCrypto in the options).
1. It asks my *significant other* to unlock the 7zip file using a password constructed from some shared secrets (i.e. our joint account's ATM PIN, plus the password to her facebook, plus the first name of the guy in her office she knows I'm jealous of, etc... combined into one word, all lowercase e.g. "1234hunter2john"). 
  Basically it has to be long (to make it hard to brute-force) and not a simple dictionary word.
  Using that password, she can unlock the (AES-encrypted)  7-zip file. 
2. Inside is another 7zip file, with a text file also asking *my parents* this time for a shared secret (e.g. the first name of the girl they caught me sneaking around with at home, and the PIN of the ATM card they let me use as a kid, then the name of the first dog we had, etc... all as one word, no spaces, all lowercase)
3. Once unlocked, inside is a 7zip file and a text file instructing my children how to unlock it using a password constructed from shared secrets....
... well, you get the gist.
You can just keep adding layers of 7zip files if you have more parties as benificiaries.
It basically requires EVERYONE to be present to unlock it.
As long as I tell them beforehand that my will requires some shared secrets we both know to be unlocked, and absolutely under NO CIRCUMSTANCE should they allow ANYONE to social engineer any shared secrets I have with them.
I've actually done test runs with my SO to see if she can construct "her password" in the zip-chain.
- The FINAL 7-zip file will contain the private keys, instructions on how to import them into Electrum, and send them to our local exchange (where cashing out to the bank is EASY), and how to cash out, any possible things they have to worry about like setting fees. And that they should try it with a small amount first to make sure everything works. And of course, how to divide it among them.
@_date: 2017-06-25 09:01:23
The Byzantine Generals Problem is basically like this:  


In a decentralized ledger of transactions, the main problem is double-spend.
A, who has 1 coin:
- says to one node, I paid it to B.
- then tells another node, I paid it to C.
**How do we get consensus on who A really paid?**
This is "solved" by proof-of-work. Basically whoever manages to solve the next block is the correct one. This is basically creates CONSENSUS on the recognized ledger entries, by RACING to solve a "verifiable math problem".
And the longer the chain of blocks, the harder it is to invalidate (because proof-of-work dictates that you have to do the same amount of work +1, just to break the previously established consensus).
@_date: 2017-06-29 08:25:27
The only actual value bitcoin holds is the immutable ledger. You are basically paying for decentralized storage of your transaction, that cannot be revoked or frozen by any authority.
The destruction of resources, the "photograph of ashes", is not the thing that holds value.
It is only the process that is required to keep the ledger immutable.
I am not justifying it, nor am I denying that proof-of-work at its current state (specifically, the astronomically high difficulty it is set to now) is a terrible waste of resources, nor am I saying it is a good thing in a world where we have issues with limited non-renewable sources of energy or global warming.
I'm just saying that the value is the ledger, the immutable decentralized storage.