@_author: btcandy
@_date: 2013-04-09 22:35:18
Try to improve your health, your mind, how you interact with people, etc. Friends will follow naturally.
Be sure to hide your wealth perfectly so you never have to second guess the motives of somebody who became your friend, though. And just like your sex life isn't that important to good friends, how you make your living isn't important, either. I wouldn't even tell somebody that I don't have a "regular" job in your case.
@_date: 2013-04-15 08:01:42
What makes me trust the btc-puppy people? They could manipulate the randomness, thus making them able to "guess" my wallets privat keys. I'd put more trust in an ubuntu live cd + manually downloaded bitcoin client (ideally, the source) than a distribution meant for such a task.
@_date: 2013-04-09 11:00:54
One question about your site: How does one know their own "player name". The address is kind of random, and not directly one of those you use to receive coins (You can list all your addresses via ./pywallet --dumpwallet  --wallet .bitcoin/wallet.dat ). Are people supposed to send uneven amounts?
Btw, still don't see your 0.01 even though my previous message was upvoted:  
@_date: 2013-04-15 07:51:01
As said in the edit I'd be very careful with this. An attacker could change the randomness used by the wallet generator, thus making it very easy for him to "guess" proper wallet private keys even if you never went online with the machine you run this on.
Software we have to trust is the official bitcoin client. If a hacker subverted that software project, he'd risk making the coins worthless "forever" because so many people would be burned, so the trust issue is a little different with that one software project. Trusting sites like bitaddress.org on the other hand is harder, though, because subverting it would not jeopardize the entire bitcoin idea, so it makes for a saner target. It might also be easier because not as many people look at the code or because the original developers started it with the intention of signing up another "coder" and making the essential changes to the randomness-generator.
@_date: 2013-04-09 09:44:42
already sent 0.01 because my account was just created (I don't want to mix btc and my normal account)
How do I find the sending address bitcoin-qt used?
EDIT: Still haven't received the free 0.01. Guess I should have waited :(
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:00:27
You can try to do that without them noticing. Just have good stuff happen to them. Send them a fake "you have won the lottery"-thing, make them find money on the street, etc.
Also, picking up the bill for less fortunate friends is something that might be nice, but I want to be treated as an equal by friends. Maybe that means they can't treat me to sushi, but if they are friends, they'll go to places where I can pay the bill without going bankrupt :)
Also, this whole friend thing is more of an initial problem. Obviously you can decide to tell them when you have known them for a while, or if things get really tough. But I'd totally understand it if relatives hid their wealth from me because being wealthy but not happy seems to be a widespread disease one should be allowed to avoid.
Hope this made some sense to you. It's also a little late in my part of the world.