@_author: btcandpeaceus
@_date: 2014-10-08 20:11:02
Aren't most mortgages based off of LIBOR?
Aren't most mortgages bought or insured by the US Government or it's GSEs?
Aren't predatory lending and corrupt rate rigging something the government is supposed to prevent rather than grinning and eating the shit sandwich it knows these cartels are making?
When looking at how the basket of goods has changed for CPI, and how the baseline year has been moved, how do you think that changes government provided data like GDP or bond pricing?
Are "conspiracy theories" with a considerable amount of evidence silly also?
When logical arguments fail, isn't the best tactic that of discrediting from detractors, distracting from pointed thoughts through marginalizing buzzwords like "conspiracy"?
Do you trust the many facets of the US government (or others) as it is today?
@_date: 2014-01-07 19:23:28
You're right, it would be great. It also would be simple. The customer isn't bearing ADDITIONAL risk. Isn't it the same risk they would have if they never made the purchase (and held it through the price changes)? Or even the same as if they sold their BTC and then attempted to buy back in?
You would not lose any customer in this situation. As long as their is full disclosure, every customer will know they're not taking any additional risk. And they'll be happy with a 2% discount--and you'll be happy with less credit fees and less data risk.
I promise to buy my next appliance from the first retailer to accept BTC. So will most of the BTC community. PLEASE FORWARD THIS TO YOUR TEAM :)
@_date: 2014-10-08 22:06:54


Good point that fixed rates are a majority of the market and are not directly LIBOR-linked; however, when considering that rates are in constant competition, and 5% of a population is material (without even considering the extra 2.65% the Mortgage Banker Association estimated), the LIBOR-linked rates did affect fixed rates, albeit indirectly. Not to mention, we're talking about mortgages only, not student loans and corporate loans. Seeing's how you enjoy economics research, what's LIBOR's effect on loans to corporations? I've seen massively leveraged publicly traded corporations with a majority of their loans bench-marked to LIBOR.


While you are correct about most, $6.2T or 45% is very close to most.


Aha! gotcha there ;) Jk on "getting you," trying to keep this playful as well as informative.


I should have distinguished between the GDP deflator and CPI/RPI since they no longer track each other [as closely](


Bond demand is [related to LIBOR]( and TIPS are bonds that are directly affected by CPI, and these TIPS in turn affect demand for other bonds on the open market. Since supply and demand are intertwined, CPI and LIBOR do affect bond pricing.
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:09:32
Why the hell did you trust Gox?
Blind trust of any organization is the problem. The currency being used by that organization should not be the focus, Gox lacking controls and security are the primary causes for their insolvency.
I feel bad for you. I believe your lack of diligence caused your loss.
I'm guessing you liked the arbitrage opportunity? Or were simply naive and didn't shop around. Even with the fee, I prefer the team at Coinbase over Karpy and Goxy.
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:53:57
My condolences for your loss.