@_author: btcdroid
@_date: 2013-04-08 12:34:53
Congrats for making a nice side-income. Don't listen to socialist idiots and don't pay any taxes. :)
First, send your BTCs to newly created addresses that you control and haven't used already. 50 or even less each, possibly in some random intervals. Just so that people who you deal with don't know that you own 500 total. Then from some of them in random times, to newer addresses. A little bit of mixing is a good noise. If you're paranoid, use tor. Whenever you start spending from such address, use it exclusively until it's empty. Only then switch to other address. Make sure to encrypt your wallet, use Bitcoin only on clean PC. Make sure your have a working, encrypted backups after you're done, possibly in a remote location (in case of fire).
You don't have to pay (legally) any taxes before you cashed-out to fiat becase you haven't earned anything. You bough 500BTC, you have 500BTC. That's not an income. And despite that, if anyone ever asks anything, you had all or some of your Bitcoins stolen long, long time ago or just now, when you've just planed to pay your taxes. Or next week. Basically you're just keep using your computer and keep getting hacked for some reason. Maybe you're retarded or whatever. The hackers are entering your computer and sending your Bitcoins away all the time. Maybe you shouldn't have made your home wifi password a "password", who knows. ;D That's it. One can never prove ownership of Bitcoins to anyone unless catching him red-handed when dealing with fiat, so don't worry. So simple.
Sell smaller amounts of Bitcoins on localbitcoins for cash. Be careful, stay relatively anonymous, use public places and don't sell too much at one time. But it's not that goverments are actively hunting bitcoin users or something, so don't get paranoid. Just little safety precautions. Use the cash to pay for your groceries, rent, etc. but only for some portion of it, so your income and spending is not in noticeable disproportion.
Don't buy any estate. Just rent something nicer than you live already. Talk with an owner so you will pay part of the rent in cash, so he does not have to pay (at least part of) taxes neither, while keeping the rent-on-the-record plausible. Live small, and stress-free. Don't get greedy -- you've won a lottery ticket, but 500BTC is not really life-changing and should be spent carefully. It will make your days brighter and budget decisions less stressful, that's it. And because of slowly spending the cash from sold Bitcoins, in time you'll accumulate enough fiat to legally and stress-free buy something bigger like car or house. Invest in your education and skills (maybe take some course in mechanics or first-aid, or something). Don't cash-out to fiat all your Bitcoins, ever.
Take care. :)