@_author: btcdaytrade
@_date: 2013-04-09 22:56:33
I love btc but it is susceptible to people taking the money and running if they would like.  I am pretty sure this is not the case here but they definitely have my money and are taking a vacation from customer service apparently.  Not only are btc making a huge climb at the moment which I have already missed out on, I actually need to spend the btc, so it is negatively impacting my ability to make purchases I must make.  I'm hope I at least hear something from them soon, or I will be forced to be a little louder about my unresolved issue.  
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:58:42
Bueller? Bueller? Seriously, Bitinstant.  You asked for my info over a day ago and no word at all back.  I read your blog and appreciate the info but how many days will I continue to be ignored.  I really don't want to have to be an asshole about this, I would rather just do business again with you and add more btc to my account.  
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:21:27
Good luck.  I am waiting also.  I have had nothing but success until this one transaction.  It is like bitcoin purgatory since we know we are in the right but still have no easy recourse for getting it resolved.  I am normally a patient person but I have been burned online before and know being silent doesn't help myself nor anyone else that may have a similar issue.  Hopefully the bitinstant reddit account will make an announcement to the masses if they don't intend to respond to individual emails/calls/etc.    
@_date: 2013-04-16 18:21:19
No it has not been resolved at all.  I have received a few emails spread over a week that have been void of any true assistance.  If you pm me, I can literally speak live via phone, email, etc.  I just really need this taken care of and am at a loss for what could actually be delaying my order at this point since I have provided numerous times a detailed account of my order and any info requested.  
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:47:31
7a1b57c3-124f-44b1-b9dc-769849260421.  The Mt. Gox account is under btcdaytrade.  I can give you any other info through pm or via my email.  Thanks for contacting me back.  I will make sure to edit any posts regarding this issue to reflect that I have now been contacted which was my largest concern since my previous business with you has always been smooth.  
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:31:48
Any update on the status of the order?  I can be reached by pm, email or cell.  I also have copies of the receipts I can send you if necessary.  I need to deposit more funds and it would be nice to know if I can continue using this service or if I must find another.  I would much prefer just using Bitinstant again if we can get this cleared up today.  
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:03:09
Rapid expansion isn't an excuse for not answering emails, calls or live support".  Simply having an auto-email response generated to all inquiries would be a giant step forward for having any faith the process is being handled.  It is simply not excusable to not respond at all to your customers especially when dealing with financial matters.  Bitcoin already suffers enough from beng labeled a scam by those who don't understand how it works.  It doesn't help our cause when you see report after report online of people who actually believe in the idea not having access to money that is owed to them.  I have used Bitinstant numerous times and this is my only issue I have had but if I continue to be ignored, they will no longer be getting my business.  I really hope it doesn't get to that.  
@_date: 2013-04-09 23:15:53
My next response would be simply going to other forums where Bitinstant has a presence and warning other users.  I am not trying to harm a business long term that might be just having a temporary issue but I do expect a response back and will be persistent at getting one.  If it gets to the point where I no longer have faith the issue will be resolved I will utilize a college newspaper I helped found a few years back on my state university campus.  I normally only take care of the finances since I am not a journalist but I am completely capable of writing a full-page article and making sure it gets good placement.  I would much rather be able to promote products that do-right by the customer and help build Bitcoin as a positive thing on my campus instead of scare people away.    
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:10:06
I know people say "they are busy" but to simply not respond is ridiculous.  Many companies experience incredible growth and have to adjust but by not responding back with so much as a standard auto-reply email, they invite questions into their legitimacy.  I have used Bitinstant many times and had no issues until this current transaction but the lack of communication is concerning.    
@_date: 2013-04-17 09:11:21
It has been over a week now.  They seem to contact me and exchange as little information as possible.  I don't understand this other than to assume that they have some reason to stall my funds serving some purpose which they appear set on not sharing.  Becoming more skeptical by the day that they will actually complete my order.  The thing is, I would have funded my account another 3+ times this past week if this one transaction wasn't currently a disaster.  I can't lock all of my finances in the hopes they are not thieving corporation. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 01:33:44
Based on the speed of my previous transactions, I am inclined to think that this is not mischievous but rather inadequate staffing and a poor understanding of how to scale a business.  I think most bitcoin users understand that businesses have hiccups and issues but proper communication with clients no matter what business is extremely important.  A simple acknowledgement by the company that they are working on it would relieve many of us greatly.  Simply hearing third parties claim people are good guys is tough to take seriously.  Better to hear directly from the source that they are working on it.  
@_date: 2013-04-14 06:36:16
Still no word back after an email with an expired code.  Hoping to hear back soon.  Purchase said it went through on Monday.  Quite a while longer than the hour the website suggested and had been in the past.  