@_author: btcecryptolosses
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:53:04
I made a thread about this which has not received much attention but please check it out as it goes more in depth on this topic.
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:52:03
I would agree but a serious crypto loss is the only way I can make sense of the redistribution because fiat holders may end up with over 100% of their account balance if there is an FBI claims process. Of course I am speculating but I cannot think of any other logical reason as to why BTC-e would go through this process.
@_date: 2017-08-09 15:21:24
New news suggests BTC-e may have lost the 66k bitcoins. People who lost fiat may get more than 100% back and crypto lossers may pay extra
The new update by BTC-e shows that losses in crypto and fiat will be socialized.
An excerpt 2.4.3. If you have a balance in BTE, then you will be credited with 45% in coins (the sum will be divided into 7 different coins equally BTC, LTC, NMC, NVC, PPC, ETH, DSH) and write off the amount of 45% in BTE. 2.4.4. Upon all recalculations, all users will have the opportunity to withdraw 55% of their funds from the system.
So fiat that was taken that BTC-e no longer has access to will be repaid out of the pocket of crypto holders even though there is a chance that fiat will be reclaimed.
The only reason for this arrangement I can think of is also why afaik Coinbase never claimed the 66k BTC transfer was their own and since BTC-e is doing socialized losses it logically follows that BTC-e lost a lot of crypto. Since they are presumably giving back a significant amount of fiat but likely lost a very large part, if not nearly all their fiat, people who lost fiat may get back their full sum in the future from an FBI claims process as well as receiving it from BTC-e.
Whether or not you had crypto, a reading of their posts saying you will receive in equal parts 7 different types of crypto (BTC, LTC, NMC, NVC, PPC, ETH, DSH). It seems BTC-e will have to do a lot of trading to balance this out. The BTC-e users will be paying for this trading as well and to what end except to obfuscate? I do not want PPC, DSH NVC. Even bitfinex when they socialized losses did not give users back all sorts of crypto. What is the purpose of giving back 7 different cryptos? Did something happen to the database? Below are some well thought out possibilities.
In all likelihood BTC-e either lost a lot of crypto, or a good part of their database, or both. Even if they did not lose the 66k BTC, the measures and nature of this dispersal are either disingenuous or inefficient and whether or not intentional, they are unfair. People who only lost fiat may end up double dipping and BTC-e should be aware of this but I am guessing this is the easiest way to obfuscate the severity of the problems.
I know someone who had around $500,000 in fiat in btc-e. He may end up getting that whole value in BTE tokens and then again from the FBI because he is happy to provide KYC to the FBI given the opportunity. It will be the crypto users who will pay him half his second share and the potential investors the other half. The FBI has put up a claims process for seized funds in similar situations. It is certainly possible they will do so again.
Why would BTC-e not simply put up their site and provide BTE tokens to account for the funds that were lost as they were lost? Certainly giving tokens for seized fiat is unfair because that fiat may end up being claimed. Although even that is not ideal. If 1 unit of a crypto was lost, the debt should be one unit of a crypto and repayment should only be sought after it is clear whether or not the FBI will have a claims process.
Like Bitfinex, if crypto rises and BTC-e keeps hold of some of users crypto, they will be able to pay users back and profit. Like Bitfinex this a type of theft akin to the following example. Imagine if a casino is out of money but they allow a player to place a large bet. They know that if the player wins they will be unable to pay, but if the player losses they will make a profit and the player will not feel cheated. Bitfinex was able to reap the rewards of gambling with users crypto post-hack in the same way as if you had borrowed money from a friend that you only planned to pay back if you won a sports bet. Since your friend would have held on to crypto had you not taken it from him, you gain on his missed profits. When you win your sports bet, even though your friend sees no losses, he has taken on a risk shouldn't have. If I take out a credit card in your name and put charges on it, it doesn't matter if I intend to repay, it is still wrong.
If the socialized losses and the crypto distribution are the way they are to hide the fact that 66k btc was stolen then this should be reported. It is very possible that a rogue FBI agent for the 3rd time has stolen bitcoins that he legitimately accessed during an FBI investigation. If this is the case BTC-e should come out and say this. The nature of the multiple transfers of those coins after the server was seized indicates it is unlikely the FBI simply securing those BTC. I think the previous two FBI agents are in prison for having stolen BTC during the course of an investigation.
