@_author: btcextremist
@_date: 2019-03-30 21:30:15
Do you have any sources for this information? I've been using my bitpay cards for years without issue. I used it for coffee maybe 2 days ago without issue. I typically only use it for very small purchases or ATM withdrawals. 
Can anyone recommend a new provider with a good reputation? I refuse to do business with coinbase or anything they endorse.
EDIT: I'm in the US
@_date: 2019-03-31 06:50:02
@_date: 2019-03-31 10:42:01
Your realization, as naive as it may appear at first glance, may not have been the original intention of the author himself but as new evidence has come to light, that is retroactively what was intended by said author if my understanding of the situation is accurately measured in my subconscious. Now this leaves you and I in a bit of a pickle. Who would believe you? Who would believe any parties involved?. What is belief other than the culmination of thoughts percolating through the filthy mass of convalescence that most of us have the misfortune of muddling through day after day? In time you'll realize that this was all your fault and I think it would be best for everybody here if you just went home and drew us all pictures narrating how this has all made you feel and post those with a thank you note for each and every sad miserable bastard who had the misfortune of coming across this shit stained moccasin of perspective that just doesn't seem to stop for anyone, ever. Forever.
@_date: 2019-03-31 11:37:34
If there were no banksters letting us load our cards with BTC how the fuck would I buy my waffles? Fiat is not worthless if I can trade it for waffles. You seem like the kind of guy that just needs to start stealing everything he needs.
@_date: 2019-03-31 10:17:49
I appreciate the link. Sorry english isn't my first language. It's a lot to read at the moment and I've got work to do. I'll definitely find a better provider if I'm swayed by the data I just don't have a lot of free time. Will be reading through that before I go to sleep so thank you.
I tried to answer the question you posted but it's a bit of a doozy. At first I tried to figure out if I really do exit on this planet. Everyone dies I suppose; the ultimate exit. I looked to the heavens and shouted, "Are we all here just to die?!?!". This existential notion must've been a real turning point for my wife as well as she sat up in bed and shouted "what the fuck are you yelling about you stupid fuck?!". Of course she was right. She's so very wise.
I'm here to help others ask themselves these very same questions and if I don't approach this endeavor with a cool demeanor there would be no way to generate the sort of following we'd need to really get these ideas across to people. You can't change the world without both patience and restraint and restraint was not something in which I was well practiced. My momentum had just been shot, like a hooker in the streets after curfew. The dream was dead and I knew it. How can I lead others when I can't lead myself? Is this really what MrRobot from reddit wanted me to teach him or was I becoming the student and he the teacher.  After I finished beating my wife for ruining my life, I made my way back to my home office.
It wasn't a long walk but I knew what I had to do. My time had passed. I was a relic of an era long dead and I couldn't risk this dangerous knowledge falling into the hands of our youth. I loaded my pistol and pressed it to my temple. With my free hand I poured my last shot of bourbon and sat down to apologize for not being able to help you in the way I had envisioned. I reread your comment over and over, attempting to grasp the inner working of such an amazing visionary.
"Wait a tick, he must mean EXIST". I felt like such a fool. It was a typo. To think that this was all for nothing. All the years of torment, abuse and cruelty. There had to be a reason for all of this. Nothing can bring them all back to life but maybe it wasn't all my fault. With a newfound strength and Sense of purpose, I began to try to make a list in my head. "Why do I exist" I thought to myself. why...
At this point, my instinct was to say "to party". Of course! I love parties! But as of late I've found myself enjoying other activities as well if not more so than partying. Am I getting old? Do I need to take up golf? I wrestled with these decisions for some time... NO! I can make my own fate. After all, you taught me how! I remembered that I'm quite fond of model airplanes. I don't build them or anything because I'm not a fuckin nerd but my friend has 1 or 2 I think and I really enjoy looking at them when I visit. \*Berrruhmmmm bruhm\* I like to say, attempting to recreate the sounds that these glorious feats of human engineering might make if they were real.  I guess I should've done a little more research or listened to some sound clips of fighter jets as my friend was less the enthusiastic about my performance.  He said mean and hateful things like "Why would an F15 sound like bill Cosby?" and "Stop swinging your dick around in circles and yelling cock chopper beats plane!,  You broke my bloody Boeing". And he was right. That was dick blood. The oppression seemed to last an eternity. Maybe Dave wasn't such a great friend after all was he?
After being dealt such a cold and shortsighted dose of obvious jealousy, I quietly sauntered towards the door and whispered: "this isn't over". Dave doesn't really let me come over anymore but I understand; although I did offer to clean the messes I make watching him build through the window. I just assumed he would've gotten darker curtains if he didn't want people to admire them. I know now that My designs. My IDEAS. Those are for the future, Dave lives in the past. It's hard for most people to grasp but I knew then, model airplanes were not my destiny.
Suddenly l, I found myself in an open field, fully nude, sprinting freely among the trees and wildlife. It was as if I was young again, not a care in the world. I started to see various colored lights shining towards me from the nearby street. "Yes brothers! I am the light! Let your light was over us all!" One of those fellas was so excited to hug his new messiah he knocked me to the ground, instantly unconscious. That's the power of love I suppose.
When I woke up at home, it was as if none of it ever happened. It was then that my mind threw me for the biggest loop of all, for the last time. My purpose is to procreate. Such an elegant answer. That's how our species survived all these years. It's human nature! Plus I really enjoy getting my bone on and the children that keep crawling out of my wife are actually pretty cool once you give them a chance. They bring me snacks that are just slightly softer then the ones I get from the supermarket. I've asked multiple times where they buy these amazing, slightly wetter versions of everyday favorites but all they ever tell me is DaDa. Dada. oh. my. God, they're like me. They've got the same curse. It couldn't be true, I lied to myself. They've never even been to Tucson Arizona! But here I stood, holding an absolute unit of a melon  that rivaled even the prize winning canteloupes I once used to grow for the county fair in my youth (3rd place every year, sorry to brag). Was I destined to relive those glorious days of bountiful melon growth? Is this really all I am.
It was at this time I was overcome by a dark, dreadful realization... My purpose on this planet. My reason for existing... I couldn't even try to deny it. It was the most universal of all truths and the greatest of all lies wrapped up in a neat little package with my initials on it. 'btcx' the universe whispered to me. How did it know my nickname? I only ever told Rajeed the bunny and Travis raccoon, my night night teddies. Terrified, I knew exactly what this meant. What I was meant to do. The time had once again come for me to satisfy the appetites of evil so that humanity may continue on, even if I don't get to. So please. Mr--Robot, next time you speak with your mother, tell her that "Mr porkchops is finally ready to finish making the applesauce." She'll know what it means. Then I suggest you get out of town.
@_date: 2019-03-31 06:33:13
If satan was real and wanted to give me an easy way to spend my bitcoins I'd probably say yes. 
I don't really get why people hate on Bitpay so much. Their card has been great for me for many years now.  Did they start hunting dolphins?
@_date: 2019-04-02 08:34:41
You know what? Let's end this feud right here right now. Rap battle. Facebook live. Right now. You've just been served my friend. 
@_date: 2019-04-02 08:27:00
I assume you think you're pretty smart. You calling me an idiot is complimentary from my perspective. 
@_date: 2019-04-02 08:24:40
I send bitcoin to an address and an equivalent amount of spendable US dollars become available to me on a debit card. Sure, I'm not technically loading bitcoin onto a card but you're just being a dick over semantics. A semantdick.
What if I was to download the entire blockchain, the only place bitcoins exist, onto a card shaped hard drive. I would have technically loaded bitcoins on a card. As a matter of fact, I'm going to do that right now just to make you wrong.
So basically, you can eat a dick. Just don't take that as literally as you did the comment about loading bitcoins onto a card. 