@_author: btcensored
@_date: 2015-08-19 13:51:12
__It astounds me that I am being moderated IN THIS THREAD.__  For what... because I decided against posting under my regular account?  Because in this environment I wouldn't want YOU to know who I am Theymos?  I will try again...
Just a few things:
I see many here expressing their displeasure with the actions Theymos has taken - and I share that sentiment. However, we SHOULD NOT LEAVE because the moderator is intolerable. We've all contributed here (my current nom de plume excluded), and relocating to or as some have suggested would pave the way for this __bitcoin__ sub to continue becoming more a reflection of Theymos' views than of *ours*. Yes, this is obvious... but let it sink in for a moment... Theymos has just told us this is what he wants to happen. If you disagree with him? sit in silence, make your appeals to him, or leave. Of course as others have pointed out this neglects the fourth choice: MAKE YOUR APPEALS TO THOSE ABOVE HIM. If even a sizable minority of this sub made it known that they were considering leaving reddit altogether because of Theymos' actions, I don't foresee him holding power much longer. So don't take the defeatist stance, unsubscribe, and find an alternative --- we can do better than that.
My own opinion on the Core / XT debate did, and still does, fall somewhere in the middle. I've been considering all possibilities for their merits and would like to resume participating in discussion here about something this important. I urge other reasonable people to do the same, and not allow something as trivial as this to decide for you. It would be a shame if we adopted a stance that impacted the future of the protocol based on Theymos' modding :/
Finally, I hope that those "with expert flair" are willing to voice their opinions to Theymos (TYMeni), or to those above him. Since it's clear that he perceives the opinions of the vast majority of us as valueless, maybe it would be best if you gentlemen told him how you feel that he's handled this. It would really surprise me if there wasn't consensus there.