@_author: btcforlyfe
@_date: 2014-01-28 18:13:36
It was about  9 degrees that day. The attendance to the satoshi square has been doubling about every week lately. 
Last night charlie lee of litecoin fame attended along with nearly 200 other bitcoiners. Just like bitcoin adoption, attendance to the center's events are growing fast. 
Tonight a compliance meeting is being held after the ny hearings. A number of the top attorneys in the space will be in attendance. Everyone is welcome. 40 Broad st. NY,NY 10004
@_date: 2014-01-28 18:30:26
Bitcoin Center NYC
State Hearing Postgame
To Feature Legal, Compliance Experts
Tuesday’s guest speakers include
tech-sector attorney Marco Santori
and Brian Stoeckert of CoinComply
New York, NY – Bitcoin Center NYC, the city’s only bricks-and-mortar institution dedicated to further adoption of the cryptocurrency, announced today that the postgame activities it is holding today will include legal and compliance experts.
 
Bitcoin Center NYC is live streaming the state Department of Financial services hearings on virtual currency on both hearing days, today and tomorrow.  Once the hearings adjourn, the center is holding a fallout discussion and cocktail reception with entertainment.
 
Today’s guest speakers include Marco Santori, Attorney at Nesenoff &amp; Miltenberg LLP.  Mr. Santori is a business attorney and commercial litigator in New York City.  His business practice focuses on early-stage companies in the high-technology sector, including web, e-commerce and the burgeoning digital currency spaces. 
 
The center’s other guest speaker is Brian Stoeckert, Chief Strategy Officer at CoinComply.  CoinComply is a digital currency consultancy that offers the first and only end-to-end Anti-Money Laundering (AML) / Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) Program, including fully integrated identity verification and transaction monitoring, solely dedicated for cryptocurrency companies, including Bitcoin providers, exchangers and payment processors to comply with federal and state AML laws and regulations.
 
The hearing live stream, discussion, and reception are complimentary and open to anyone with an interest in Bitcoin and its peers.  Event details are as follows:
 
Tuesday, January 28, 2014
 
11:30 a.m. – Hearing live-stream
4:30 p.m.* – Fallout chat and after party
Bitcoin Center NYC
40 Broad Street
New York, NY 10004
 
Wednesday, January 29, 2014
 
10:00 a.m. – Hearing live-stream
4:00 p.m.* – Fallout chat and after party
Bitcoin Center NYC
40 Broad Street
New York, NY 10004
 
(*Time is approximate.  Please see NYSDFS hearing program.  Postgame activities will commence directly following the hearing adjournment.)
 
All guests of Bitcoin Center NYC are required to sign in, and members of the media must RSVP with James V. Barcia using james