@_author: btcfoundation
@_date: 2015-12-15 20:11:52
The Bitcoin Foundation Board and the Future
Since we have made transparency a priority, the board wanted to briefly discuss today's board meeting. Today the Bitcoin Foundation board accepted the resignation of one board member and voted to remove another. The remaining board members unanimously support continuing to work to have the foundation succeed and contribute in a positive way to Bitcoin.
We don't take board member changes lightly but believe this to be in the best interests of the organization going forward. As has been reported and show in our public documents such as meeting minutes, our board has had some disagreements in recent months and our organization has also faced it's fair share of ups and downs. It's key to have a board that works well together and is effective.
In today's meeting we discussed our funding and our future. I noted that it is important for us to move forward and that it is key to see where the members stand on the future of the organization.
After some discussion on direction and planning, Board Chairman Brock Pierce called for a vote on whether we should continue the organization or dissolve it.
Brock, Elizabeth Ploshay McCauley, Meyer Malka (via email vote) and I voted to continue support of the organization and to move forward. Jim Harper and Olivier Jansens voted to shut down the organization. When casting his vote, Olivier noted that he supports the idea of continuing but not as is without a more detailed plan. Given the difference of opinion, I respectfully requested the resignation of Jim and Olivier so that the remaining board members are unified in a plan to stay and improve the organization. Jim agreed to resign and the board accepted. We wished him well in future endeavors. After some further discussion with Olivier, who indicated that he would support a plan but wanted to have a plan in place before supporting the organization, I made the motion that the board remove Olivier from his seat. This motion was seconded and voted affirmatively by me, Brock, Elizabeth and Meyer. We wish Olivier the best in the future and we appreciate the efforts by both Olivier and Jim.
One challenge in a large and diverse organization is that differences of opinion are more common. In some cases, this leads to more variety and higher quality decisions, in other cases members may have such different opinions that it can be counterproductive. The first priority should be to have a board that interacts effectively and efficiently. We all worked hard to make this particular board composition work and each of us has a different opinion about what could have worked better. No one is right or wrong, we simply have different ideas. At the end of the day, we all care about Bitcoin and want to help it in whatever way possible. Jim and Olivier served as volunteers and we appreciate their time and work. Aside from the foundation they have both done a great deal for Bitcoin and no doubt will continue to.
Differences of opinion are a part of any organization. In our case, our discussions are public and our minutes released, this offers more transparency but also brings any disagreements into the public eye.
The board and the Executive Director are all volunteers because we all share the belief that this organization should exist and can be a positive asset to Bitcoin. In recent months the ED has cut costs to a very minimal rate while our foundation also been able to add value to the ecosystem with events like DevCore, the launch of media and speaker engagement programs and other initiatives.
This foundation belongs to the members, the individuals, corporations and community as much as it belongs to we members of the board. We want to see this organization work and we are open to any volunteers and ideas on how to make the organization as beneficial as possible, provided those ideas come from a premise that the existence of the organization itself can be a positive force. In the past, we have convened some of the most successful meetings in the industry, funded core development, sponsored the bitnodes project, Bitcoin.org, grants and other initiatives. We have many dedicated volunteers such as the members of the Education, Regulatory and Election committees and our membership covers the entire globe with a roster that is far larger and more comprehensive than any other organization in Bitcoin. The board looks forward to moving ahead with a unified and positive vision. We appreciate your support.
Thank you,
Bobby Lee, BTC China,
Vice Chairman, Bitcoin Foundation
@_date: 2014-10-14 15:26:52
Trasncript from the Annual Member's meeting on the topic of transparency:
[Jon Matonis] On the financial transparency side, I agree with you, because the world is moving too fast to just have annual report releases. There’s nothing that’s being hidden there so now that we have the resources, we could move to quarterly updates on something like that. It’s really just bandwidth and auditing. I’m not opposed to it. [Asking the Board]  Does anybody want to add? [00:28:00]
[Board of Directors: Other] When we started, I think my motion to the board was that we publish all the foundation notes. Maybe Gavin pointed out that that’s actually a real privacy problem for people who want to stay anonymous. You can track, know a lot, we’re going to combine them all to a few addresses and then you can see people you know, who are in, and how much. There are some blanks too there but I think there is some balance there.
[Board of Directors: Other] From my side though, there are times we’re engaged with law enforcement regulators or other things that I think need to just stay confidential. I also don’t believe non officer salaries should be published. I think that that’s typically, I think that’s generally not appropriate. Past that, I’d love to see it proposed like give me a proposal we’ll put it to a board vote and I’m into it like it’s very offhand and just a resource problem in my perspective.
[Board of Directors: Other] We’ve got two options here. We can spend a lot of our time trying to be transparent as much as we can and higher resources can be transparent or we can spend a lot of our time in the board level making sure that we got resources to make bitcoin bigger and to allocate, protect, and do ... [audio not clear]
[Board of Directors: Other]  There has to be a balance. If we have too much of transparency, then all resources we hire, the tenant fees go to ... and they all go to try to policy ... it’s not the end of the world. It’s possible but right now, honestly, we’re in an environment where bitcoin is not well perceived. You asked for priorities at least from my side as a board member, it’s more about the other.
[Board of Directors: Other] We could go from yearly to quarterly, yes, sure. We could and we have to, I agree. It’s nice to have quarter for the community to know exactly where the funds are coming from and where they’re going but we need resources.
 [00:30:00] We need to go out and we need most ... are driven more over time if you like what the foundation is doing. There is a balance here and I hope that over time do trust that the bard you’re electing is representing those interests and is protecting them. That’s what’s important and then only then results will come.
@_date: 2014-10-14 15:39:27
Apologies, the transcription service couldn't track every name. There were a lot of speakers in the room during meeting.
@_date: 2014-10-14 15:49:57
At the annual member's meeting (the transcript), they were speaking on a stage in front of 200+ people. 
@_date: 2015-05-05 17:29:52
Lots of things--  a speakers bureau, education initiatives, we still fund bitcoin.org etc.
@_date: 2015-09-18 02:41:29
We are doing this conference with some very good speakers for a very low cost as one example.  Also this month launched a speakers bureau as a free service to match Bitcoin speakers with meeting planners.  Opposed the California version of Bitlicence, completed funding on a bitnnodes research project and several others things.
We could always do more -- there is lots to be done.  Feel free to volunteer if you want to help.
@_date: 2015-10-16 19:35:05
4 hrs 
@_date: 2015-10-16 19:23:19
Thanks 
Is there a way to phrase the question in a more productive way?
@_date: 2015-10-16 19:28:09
Charlie had to leave early 
@_date: 2015-10-16 22:02:44
We will post recorded video ASAP 
@_date: 2015-10-16 19:29:17
The best questions are clear and positive.   Okay to be challenging but please only ask something that is productive in a way that you would in person. :)
@_date: 2015-10-02 01:26:56
Sadly, Bitcoin Foundation is fielding nearly a dozen calls per day from people, often angry explaining they have been or are being blackmailed.
The most common requests are for us to "find and kick out the blackmailers" or "block the coins".   When we explain why neither is possible or also explain that we are not one unified organization they often have a hard time understanding.
Very unfortunately way to be introduced to Bitcoin.
All Bitcoin companies should also make it clear that there is no central Bitcoin group and companies and organizations are not involved in this scam.