@_author: btcgmbling
@_date: 2016-09-19 18:12:15
They aren't a neutral site, they are one of your biggest affiliates so that is incorrect. My claim is legitimate; you intentionally and knowingly hide many unusual rules within your terms and bank on players not reading them for the sole benefit of not paying out winning players. 
Unfortunately, my claim at AG was not "legitimate" because I violated your "bonus terms" (which are carefully hidden on your website, intentionally) which was my main complaint. They of course would deny that type of claim too, so I have no real helpful recourse beside letting others know about what happened to me on forums like this..
You use predatory tactics that are not right. It is not ridiculous that I think this is wrong. Look on your bitcointalk thread, there are many other players that had the same claim as me, and many more will have this issue in the future because you refuse to acknowledge or fix anything. No one has really disagreed with me besides you, and no one has "teared" me apart using "critical thinking." So yeah, I still think you guys are scumbags.
Also I think it is funny that you are still trying to argue with me when people on your own threads downvote you to shit, and I get upvoted.
@_date: 2016-09-17 22:34:01
BitStarz is definately a scam and should be avoided at all costs! They use predatory and unethical tactics, and have refused to pay out tons of players amounting to what I estimate to be probably several hundred BTC. 
I know this because they scammed me out of 20 bitcoins that I won a few months ago and since then I have done a lot of investigating online, only to find out that the same thing happened to countless other players. See these threads: 
@_date: 2016-09-18 19:16:12
They use it to pay someone to come up with more ridiculous bonus terms so they can confiscate even more bitcoin from players and keep the scam going...
@_date: 2016-09-18 23:43:32
That is not the point, you can find positive reviews for known credit card scams online if you really wanted to. The bottom line is that you intentionally hide tons of stipulations and requirements on your site that you ONLY enforce against players when they win and try to withdraw... The SOLE PURPOSE of this is to confiscate bitcoins from anyone who wins at your casino and maximize your profits. That is a scam in my book or, at the very least, an EXTREME PREDATORY tactic and very scummy.
This is not even close to other reputable casinos, like Bovada from your example, who might have a few disgruntled players here or there. Instead, the BitStarz business model is fundamentally wrong and completely immoral. This has consequently led to TONS of complaints similar to mine. It is not just me or even a small handful of disgruntled players saying this, but rather a LARGE MAJORITY of the winning players at your casino, who have legitimate accusations and concerns.
For the sake of unknowing players, I truly hope that askgamblers and your other larger affiliates have some moral compass and think twice before promoting your joke of a company.