@_author: btcgambler101
@_date: 2014-09-21 19:14:42
Crypto is done, nobody wants to buy into something that has lost 75% of its value in 6 months.
Investors see Bitcoin like a dying corpse. 
Looking at Bitcoin's chart now is like looking at the collapse of ENRON!
In Hell Satan walks over to Bitcoin and says, "little boy why are you crying?" to which Bitcoin replied "Mr Satan sir, I have been raped and exploited, drugged and abused, and now nobody loves me anymore, they said I cried wolf too many times that I would save the world too many times and never delivered on any promises I made." Too which Satan replied, "there there little man, the same thing happened to me, and that is why we are both here in the center on the Earth, together."
@_date: 2014-09-21 18:57:29
Bitcoin is a fad, but a fun one, like Tamagochi!
Ask yourself this, what's a 1 worth? THen ask yourself, how about a 0?
There you have your answer!
@_date: 2014-09-21 19:08:25
Oh no I know that, but there's a difference between an "honest" or rather "fair" game and a rigged one, which bitZino and others like it are.
You will never see things like you do there at casinos that run a genuine RNG the whole time.
They are a scam, stop trying to defend their bullshit system of ripping of the Bitcoin community!
@_date: 2014-09-21 18:44:58
You wrote – “You've misunderstood what provably fair is. Obviously the odds are going to be in favor of the house, otherwise its a non-profit casino, which doesn't work as a business model. Provably fair just shows that in any given game the outcome will not change after you have placed your wager.”
I am really sorry but that sounds like provably honest to me, not provably fair. If the issue is whether or not the operator is changing the results of the game then the issue is whether or not the operator is being honest. 
If you were playing on American roulette and you lost, would you file a lawsuit because it has worse odds than European roulette? The answer is No, because the casino does not claim that their game is “fair”. 
Your mentioning casinos just won my argument for me. Do you know of any live casino that advertises their games as being “fair”? Don’t you think they would if they could?
The way bitcoin casinos use the word “fair” is intentionally misleading.
@_date: 2014-09-21 18:42:33
They are heading to pre-Willybot prices. No one outside the Bitcoin world takes Bitcoin seriously, they are a fad, but a cool one. Kinda like Tamagochi were... tulips anyone?
Glad I bought mine for fuckall and sold most of them and bought a couple of houses instead, because that's all they're worth, sweet-fuck-all!
Ask yourself, what's a 1 worth, then ask yourself, what's a 0 worth? 
There, you have your answer!