@_author: btcloanwolf
@_date: 2014-03-26 05:56:03
Deleted. Whoops! Thought this was PM.
@_date: 2014-03-26 05:03:54
Read my comment reply above. All taken care of by my accountant, plus we're prepared and all squared for my next personal tax return.
I figured I didn't really need to mention my taxation situation in my original comment, if I'm hiring employees and running a business - having sound legal and financial advice is pretty much a given.
@_date: 2014-03-26 04:58:23
All taken care of by my accountant. My business had some losses in previous years that we'll able to take advantage of with negative gearing, plus we utilised a few small business exceptions and tax breaks.
I think all in all, the marginal tax rate on the gains was around 9-13%, which was way less than I was expecting. I had banked on it being around 18-25%.
This was all done completely on the books, and we've already set enough aside for my next tax return.


I bank with ANZ. I did everything via our Corporate Accounts who we have been with them for over 20-years (I took over the business from my parents) and while I did have one hiccup (suspicious activity phone call) a quick talk to my business manager (who has managed both my business accounts, plus my entire families accounts for 30+ years) all I had to do was joking slip a cheeky "Hah! Yeah, that call isn't a problem right?" into the conversation.
It never came to it, but I wouldn't have hesitated to move every single account, plus all my families accounts over to another bank if they gave me even an inch of trouble.
@_date: 2014-03-26 05:07:49
Actually, I should point out. This adventure has strengthened my relationship with my bank.
We also have several merchant and internet gateway facilities with them, they've dropped our processing rates to below even what I'd had liked and implemented some features for us (Direct Deposit reporting + API access) normally only reserved for large enterprise customers.
It's entirely possible they see Bitcoin as competition, and if it causes the banks to innovate (like our Direct Deposit API access is one of the best things ever) than that's only a good thing.
@_date: 2014-03-26 05:48:32
Australia is already pretty high tax. What's the capital gains situation in America?
@_date: 2014-03-26 05:28:04
Sent you a private message with a few extra details. I don't want to hint at my identity, but I'll say it again, everything was done by the books.
This is also for an Australia business and we deal with the ATO, not the IRS. So I don't know what your laws are there.
The one thing I will publicly say to anyone else, I'm advised by an ex-ATO auditor and there has been absolutely zero deception to anyone. These funds were gained by law, and with all the appropriate boxes ticked. If anything, I'm actually the one least in on the loop as I've always delegated business matters to my trusted advisors and they give me the green tick once I can do something.