@_author: btcltcppc
@_date: 2013-06-20 17:31:46
hello all 
who have the same question later I got more one reply that the starnge number is for payment identification - whatř I already knew- 
however I am still not sure where to write it. And I am almost sure that in case my money wouldnot arrive on my account it will be a very very long proces with unpredictable end to get some answers from btc-e. 
So I am going to send money on bitstamp and Mt Gox and then BTC to BTC-e. and I advice you to do the same and maybe in future they start to reply and communicate more precisely on questions.
@_date: 2013-06-14 15:56:39
News / Update methods of deposit and withdrawal USD.
00:00 18.05.12 from support
New ways to deposit and withdraw USD are added since 18.05.2012.
1. Deposit by International Wire Transfer
Minimal amount is 500USD, commission is 1%
Banking details are available on request from the support.
Put your btc-e nickname in Payment Purpose field.
2. liqpay.com Deposit
Deposit commission is 0%
3. Webmoney withdrawal comission is changed to 4% btc-e commission + 0.8% WebMoney commission (4.8% total).
4. International Wire Transfer withdrawals
Withdrawal commission is 1.5%
Minimal fee 150 USD
During withdrawal put the following into the comment field:
Beneficiary Name
Beneficiary Address
Bank Name
Bank Address
Bank SWIFT Code
@_date: 2013-06-14 15:28:32
I am glad I find this topic which seems quite "fresh".
 
I hope now wire transfer is possible according to their information on btc-e.com "news" section.
I want to send my money through wire transfer because it seems to be the cheapest way - only 1% fee. 
or is there anything cheaper way how to send money??
if I am logged in to my btc-e.com account I find my overview of money, I choose USD, then click on deposit, I choose wiretransfer and I can see beneficiary account, etc
however there are also stated "details - some strange row of numbers and characters -  I belive it should identify me, so that the money does not end on btc-e.com account just as a gift from me......
unfortunately the first response from their customer servioce was 
"!!!Wire Transfer from the U.S. is forbidden!!!! "
despite I wrote them in the first sentence that I am from Czech which is in Europe.
hope they inform me how to identify my payment.
they also wrote me that if I am an individual (who I am) they want scan of my passport - perhaps some AML checking like MTGOX does? 
I would like some confirmation where such scan of documents will end- what if somebody misuse it somehow??
I wanted to send money to btc-e.com but I am confused, I think I will choose MtGox or BitStamp, but I want to find some way with small fees - which seems to be wiretransfer? please post here some experiences. 
BTW what what would you suggest me regarding of threshold for my "funds" on btc-e.com or anywhere else. e.g. 1000 USD for one account - I think it is better to have more accounts not only one with all my funds on it.
Do you 