@_author: btcltcppc2
@_date: 2014-02-24 18:52:27
yes really great tip!!! 
but dont forget that it could happen many problems - bitcoin builder can be hacked, mtgox can claim that some coins at bitcoinbuilder ale mallicious/bad/ or stop cooperating with bitcoinbuilder-Josh says it himself that it can happen easilly and than peoplee will get angry - but it was their risk........
it is not coincidence that GoxBTC are so cheap - there is high probability that something goes wrong and you could end up having nothing.... it happened many times already....
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:56:11
Thank you for explanation 
MtGox is insolvent
bitcoinbuilder is the pump for smart people how to get their money to safe place. 
unfortunately they use ordinary and fool and naive people and other pure souls who buys their shit and comes in MtGox in a foolish hope to be rolling in cash in no time
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:01:34
lets look at it from different point of view - what MtGox did to prove that they are solvent and are not closing silently the business? nothing
they moved to virtual office to sweep traces after themselves
MtGox deleted all tweets from tweeter
employees are not communictaing
in fact if they want to show somehow to smart people that something is not in order and it is better to leave MtGox before it bankrupts they couldnot do it better. 
Only foolish people who are expecting something for nothing (buy BTC for fraction of its value) are coming into MtGox.
Dont be stupid and do not buy GoxBtc. You will lost every single penny!!! 
who knows whether Mark Karpeles is not packing bags and suitcases with shitload of money during evenings and is not leaving immediatelly to Equador or Brazil if things turn worse?
Charlie Shrem is said to talk to Mark during weekend. Yes exactly the same guy who was arrested for moneylaundering. What the fuck these two could speak about? I bet Mark call him which country is safe to dissapppear in bacause Charlie surely spend lot of time thinking about it.....  Dont be fool and stay away from MtGox. I bet you loose everything in this black hole.... 
If Mark was doing the business in USA he could not afford so much - otherwise he would be arrested. But he feels cool because he can leave Japan in a couple of hours and nobody even notice it....
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:46:01
the point is that only a fool is buying GoxBtc in a hope of getting rich very quick. I bet MtGox is sinking and bankrupts very soon, of course "suddenly"....
Apologize to all readers but I doubt my english is so bad that this cannot be seen.... 
Pure souls who lost their money in the biggest MtGox scam ever. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:39:54
Hitler gets Goxxed 
@_date: 2015-05-01 12:26:47
hello, where is that vieotape?? try to find it but found nothing... so I think they are secretive group like bilderberg. And what about that price pump in last days?? are we on he verge on another tenfolding price??
@_date: 2015-08-22 19:43:13
beware of that cocksuckers. You can withdraw only small amount of altcoins but not cash. I think they are on the starught way to bankrupt/disappear. Choose another exchange. I think I am going to loose all my money. suckers
@_date: 2015-04-28 01:23:52
I withdraw some btc tonight without problems... but when you think of it, if you need some money before you close the shop, this would be very good honeypot how to lure peoples btc - you could sell them for usd, and enable usd withdrawals or announce a hack... and honestly when you even dont know where they have their servers.... 
@_date: 2013-11-26 12:26:00
I am sorry for this and thank you very much for posting this because all people can now learn from this sad investition. Hope you gain your money back.
try to buy LTC or PPC or XPM and hold it for one year.
For example I am blaming myself that I didnot put all my money last year into the bitcoin - I thought it is just old coin which will be outdated before people would implement it - just think how fast is evolving all computers, mobile, and all todays encryption will be resolved by ordinary mobile phone after ten years from now. But I was terribly wrong. If only I mine BTC in 2010 I could stop working for the rest of my life...
on the other hand RealSolid is right - he could disappear with money - especially now when BTC is soaring and taking into account almost zero amount of caught BTC fraudsters. realsolid could put something like I fucked you all and disappear.... but he let us withdraw the money.
I lost several times also much money in scams - in LTC wallet , in phenixexchange , in local bitcoins when people just grab my money and disappear - last time the sucker from phenixexchange wrote me that he sent me the money but I didnot receive them till today - I wish all these suckers fuckers and fraudsters very slow and painful death - if you are reading this and know them (it is sad on facebook that through 6 people you could know anybody in the world)  please tell them that once someone will track them and their days are counted....
but of course I was also wondering why he didnot stop selling MCXshares - it was BIG fault. however, if I were at your place I wouldnot sell any share and maybe buy even more shares but of course you might loose even more money if you do this...