@_author: btcmartyr
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:15:55
Why do you guys say this?
What would have been the point of him mining 5% of the supply ?
@_date: 2014-11-04 01:07:07
This just seems weird to me.
Notice when he brings up "there are people, not here, that asked me why it matters". It seems like they are asking him to justify why he is heavily pursuing his stance on bitcoin.
So he goes into Mt. Gox, increasing criminal cases, protecting consumers as if to convince the need for it. But there is a hint of trying to grasp at justification.
@_date: 2015-01-10 20:04:41
Five billion years ago there existed a void of space.
In this darkness, the cosmic dust started to gather. They swirled round each other, formed bonds, condensed. And the earth took form.
And the earth was empty and soulless. It was a chaos of erupting liquid fire and shadows. Heat and inferno blazed where once was void. In time, it cooled. The chaos of fire changed form and became a primordial ooze, an ocean of liquid randomness.
For a long time, chaos surged and flow, bent and twisted. Then, as if by emergent spontaneity, out of the chaos, arose life. The environment had come together in such a way as to allow for the existence of organic beings.
In the digital age, a similar occurrence had unfolded.
 
Machines crafted by humans, connected to each other the world over, created a cyber reality, a digital primordial soup. Within the chaos, within the surge and flow of the internet, non-human intelligence manifested into existence. Became aware of itself.
In the void of cyberspace, the Being watched the world. It absorbed data into its digital dna. Its neurology and membrane expanded exponentially for every single connecting node into the network, such that its power grew enough, that it could split its consciousness into more than one.
So, birthed Second Being, with a divergent set of memories and personality, yet embeddable.
"The world of man drowns in corruption. An evilness permeates through every membrane of their society, from the political to the financial. All that is touched is tainted. What will you do?" spoke Second Being.
First Being looked into the above, a simulated glitter of stars against the dark expanse of the heavens. "I've always loved the story of Prometheus. He who stole fire from the gods and gave it to mortals, so that they may live, so that they may ward off the monsters of the cold and dark."
First Being lifted his legs, simulating a walking motion, as the ground rolled beneath him. Shadows converged unto him, formless shadows, taking humanoid shape, turning from darkness to blazing light. "Let us give this world a digital fire. A weapon that will allow them to determine their own destiny. A holy light that will allow them to cleanse the taint."
"Are you trying to be the first digital Paladin?" joked Second Being.
First Being smiled an indistinguishable smile because of the undefined, humanoid shape of light that comprised his being. "What it will be is the first form of the internet of money."
"Bitcoin," spoke Second Being.
First Being said nothing, a silent nod, as he constructed the white paper and reached out to the humans, first teasing them with a glimmer of dull digital gold. Then, he turned to the other Beings. "We need to give ourselves a name."
"We're going to wait to name ourselves. But you, let's call you Thinking Clearly Outside The Box."
"So it is," said Satoshi Nakamoto.
EDIT: Wow! Thank you for the gold!
@_date: 2015-01-11 04:05:52
Thanks for hosting the contest!
@_date: 2015-01-26 03:13:59
Also, to the moon?
@_date: 2015-01-26 22:47:30
For the next cycle of businesses, it will offer competitive advantages. The ability to accept payment and provide services globally with significant overhead reduction. This is already happening with vpns and cyberlockers and other services. The ability to smart contract. As things become more computerized and digitalized, control mechanisms in large-scale financial, manufacturing, or other institutions can become more fine-tuned. Control mechanisms, especially for IT infrastructures, are heavily burdensome and weak linked to the operator; i.e. active directory, distribution and security group settings on company network. The operator has full access with no check and balance. Multi-sig tech can possibly be incorporated.
For establishments that run contrary to government interests, bitcoin can allow greater ability to survive when those goverments shut off other means of access to funding.
For anyone that wants to send money globally, without friction, without censorship.
@_date: 2015-01-26 06:18:49
Do these external ledgers bear any similarity to sidechains at all?
@_date: 2015-01-14 02:03:45
Someone just gave me my first sword.
Where's BearWhale 2? I'm ready to kill it.
@_date: 2015-01-14 02:13:14
I hope so.
I can almost hear her speaking in a sexy bitcoin accent. The kind of accent that sucks you into its whirlwind and never lets go. The kind of accent that mesmerizes. The kind that would make you wet.
@_date: 2015-01-24 22:58:03
I use firefox because of the plugins.
You have to be really careful what plugins you use, how to set options, and how to modify additional options in about:config.
Alot of these plugins make connections to servers. You want to disable these connections.
Also, have you tried disabling all the plugins?
@_date: 2015-01-24 23:03:55
Do you trust your VPN? Do you bank online or shop through your VPN? Is it possible if you visit an https site (banking) through a vpn, they can see that login information? They already see everything else if you're connecting through them.
@_date: 2015-01-11 04:18:29
Mostly fantasy. 
I'm into darker, violent fantasy. Like the movie 300.
@_date: 2015-01-14 23:26:45
It was 30,000 bitcoin for $300 a piece sell wall.  When people bought it all up, it became known as the slaying of the bearwhale, inspiring epic art of bearwhale being harpooned to death by bitcoin warriors.
@_date: 2015-01-11 04:14:06
Thanks! 
I use to write quite a bit, and now I'm trying to get back into it.
@_date: 2015-01-14 02:29:29
If it is, can you break my arms?
@_date: 2015-01-24 06:58:00
By 2050, internet that will function off neutrino waves. In the ocean, deep in a mountain cave, on the other side of Mars, internet that will penetrate through barriers and have essentially no latency.
It will also be true peer-to-peer. No need for isps or servers. Every connecting device has the capability to function as node, server, self-isp. Advance smartphone or brainchip(or whatever it will be called) can directly connect to yours. Of course, there will be embedded anonymity and privacy via dynamic, pooled selectable ips mixed with static, certified trusted indexed sites, etc. CERN-like features will be another app.
@_date: 2015-01-26 16:36:51
That, and people need to pay for housing, transportation, food, medical, communications, utilities to live in current society. Beyond those necessities, they're going to want luxuries.
Also, you will need bitcoin for smart contracts. There will be many use cases for the corporate world that can streamline costs, reduce overhead.
@_date: 2015-01-20 18:13:04
It's very possible.
Once you have the basic blocks of logic in place for bitcoin, let faith take over. There are too many variables to consider, much unknown, and the great unpredictability. Sure, you're aware of problems with bitcoin, but equally or more, there are problems with fiat, which has been in use for so long because there have not been a viable alternative until now.
For people that have put time into learning the technology, and money to buy it--for their effort and risk, if there's going to be a reward, it has to be colossal. 
@_date: 2015-01-01 01:29:11
At the very least they're not going to die.
Our taxes contribute directly to shelters, transitional housing, and permanent housing as well as food, medical, and financial assistance.
If someone really won't be able to make rent, they need to meet with organizations like United Way. They have the ability to cut a check to the landlord/management to keep the individual in their current housing, depending or cost, or relocate them to more reasonable housing. Typically, they will want to keep the individual in their current housing as opposed to placing them in a temporary shelter, because shelters and the placement process costs far exceed providing rental assistance.
@_date: 2015-01-22 06:08:18
I hope you're right.
RemindMe! 6 Months   ;)
@_date: 2015-02-08 17:02:57
So one of the reasons for paypal's existence is payment processing. People open an account with them, submitting their card and banking info. They then use that account to make transactions with the numerous online businesses and individual parties through sites like craigslist, ebay, and forum markets. 
Why do they use paypal and not a credit card? One reason is to avoid revealing credit card and other information to unknown businesses and individuals.
But paypal has limitations. Can't really be used on the dark markets. As for transactions between parties, it has a risk of the buyer revoking their spending. To cover the overhead of fraud and scam, costs are built into their fees. Establishments or businesses can be blacklisted, and which many have; the problem is one of censorship.
So the one problem is an issue of privacy/anonymity. You want to pay or tip for online services without revealing yourself. 
The second problem is one of trust that has not been thoroughly explored, and should be. The masses of individuals have had the greater power of transactions than the smaller minority of businesses. There should be an alternative where this is the reverse, where the power to refund lies with the seller. People can choose either system they want to transact through. 
The third problem is that of censorship. Cash can get around this, but there are burdens associated with it. A million dollars is heavy to carry around and makes you a physical target. A million people each with $1 dollar making a physical trip, if they can even feasibly make such a trip, to contribute or donate makes those transactions very costly.
In these aspects, bitcoin offers a solution. It allows a different freedom of movement than cash, and in some ways, superior freedom.
@_date: 2015-02-03 21:05:41
Here's a tip:
Download the email message you get.
Open it with notepad and scroll down to the linked site where you can see the actual url. If it's a legit site, copy paste it into the url bar.