@_author: btconensus
@_date: 2016-06-17 04:04:44
"Mr. Bitcoin" 
@_date: 2016-06-19 05:13:59
Because a crypto won't take off solely because they're pumping it. They'd just start their own at that point with legal backing and would still suck. It'll be a little at a time at first, then a flood as they try and get in before the others. They're all just looking out for their separate interests. 
@_date: 2016-06-22 05:08:18
6-8 month LN implementation sounds very rosy. I'd give it at least a year, testing these things is a thorough process. See DAO. 
But I agree in general. Segwit + LN and the numerous related protocol updates are going to catapult us into the next level. The idea that growth is gonna get affected in the short term because people are gonna have to pay a few extra pennies to confirm their coffee purchase, is silly. Bitcoin is already not good for small potato retail purchases like that compared to most other currencies due to volatility so it hardly matters. And making that purchase type a slightly larger hassle is only a temporary sacrifice for proper long term scaling that'll make any kind of cheap payment and micro-payment possible while preventing further system centralization. 
@_date: 2016-06-17 18:24:37
I think your dismissing the importance of payments, even if it is through lightning. Dollar is a global reserve currency because ultimately you can spend it and it is widely accepted. Since Bitcoin isn't gold, it needs to remain useful for transactions otherwise the point of it being a reserve currency is mute. Nothing can become a reserve currency before its an actual useful currency. That can't happen without adoption and acceptance, and that can't happen without reliable payment infrastructure. 
@_date: 2016-06-17 17:11:30
When it came to me, actually understanding the issue clearly. Actually only happened the last several days. Didn't look too much into the block-size debate so I just assumed jacking it up was obvious. 
Now though it seems obvious that there's no point risking further node and miner centralization for a short term performance boost at best. In my new opinion, a modest increase to 2MB after Segwit is ready to roll is the way to go. Maybe even hard fork them together but that's a finer point I haven't fully explored yet. One Lightning kicks in, hopefully towards the end of this year, another increase probably won't be necessary until other significant improvements have been made to both software and hardware. 
@_date: 2016-06-18 20:12:09
It was a spaghetti vomit of buzz words, and she did the same thing with the Australian senate (or equivalent). 
@_date: 2016-06-17 02:27:14
How can you say any kind of added functionality or utility is a detriment to Bitcoin? God forbid people can spend their digital currency. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 16:00:36
The skill filter for finding a job on the browsing page is abysmal. There should be some general categories, not more individual skills that I can't possibly have the patience to sort through. 
@_date: 2016-06-22 05:17:03
AND STOMPS OFF LOOKING UPSET HAHAHA
@_date: 2016-06-17 18:14:38
I don't see how this will be likely when literally anyone with any bitcoin can become a node, and the software should track the cheapest "path" for transactions. It's probably as close to perfect competition as you can get in the real world. 
@_date: 2016-06-17 03:02:39
-It's a distraction 
To who? From what? These are subjective opinions. 
-It's a poor experience 
So don't use it. 
-It pushes the price down
Brb I'm gonna go tell all my friends how Bitcoin is the future of money, but they're not allowed to spend it. 
@_date: 2016-06-18 19:25:15
I think a significant part of that community is a personality cult. The creator and main evangelist is a child genius therefore he can't do no wrong and Ethereum is brilliant. So a bunch of people bought into Ether, then the DAO, without the slightest inkling of the technical risks or even how the DAO is supposed to function. I gather this from the comments I've seen now appealing to the "intent" of the contracts in order to get their money back. They want their smart contracts to be an autonomous word of law that doesn't need human intervention, until they get burned. 
While this is speculation, I expect a personality cult to inflate a human like Vitalik's ego to unhealthy levels that can make him prone to lots of mistakes. It could be the reason he seriously considers turning back the clock to return everyone's money to be a good idea. His reputation and cult following depends on Ether and its first killer app working, or at least not screwing everybody. People are gonna have a sour taste in their mouth (to say the least) if they walk away from this having lost this much to a simple exploit, even if it is truly their own fault for not doing their due diligence. It also calls into question what other security problems and attack vectors exist in the Ether protocol, which is Vitalik's whole source of fame. So if he can try and patch this nightmare up to save some reputation he will, even if he shouldn't. People invested in something they didn't understand, much less personally reviewed the code of, because they trusted the Evangelists like Vitalik as a proxy. Dumb. 
The truth is Ether is *much* more infantile than Bitcoin, and due to its complexity it requires much more testing than even Bitcoin does to address the concerns in this article and others, and thus be ready for prime time. For comparison, after almost 8 years Bitcoin isn't even there yet. Vitalik is smart, but he isn't some savant this is gonna get everything, and maybe not even most things, right the first time around. 
Personally I think the Ethereum venture is conceptually flawed from very first principles, and will only serve as a nice experiment of what not do do and why. This will reinforce Bitcoin being the ultimate chain because it's dumb, stable, and secure. Other functionality should and will be built in different layers on top of it. Examples like Ethereum will serve to steer more money and legitimacy into the Bitcoin blockchain as people see it's the only approach that can scale and work. Same with this private blockchain snake oil people are selling.
@_date: 2016-06-17 18:13:15
Might a hard fork lend itself to faster adoption? 
@_date: 2016-06-22 05:16:34
"So do you have actual librarians working for you?" 
Lol wut event is this
@_date: 2016-06-17 02:39:56
So how do you scale? I get needing a minimum threshold to keep out cheap spam, but clearly you can't allow tx costs to get out of hand either. For Bitcoin to retain and grow in value it needs to be useful. To be useful people need to make run of the mill transactions with it that don't surpass that of credit cards (a big early sell point). Is the Lightning Network a solution to this? Segwit? 
@_date: 2016-06-17 02:24:51
This. Why does Andreessen owe anyone an explanation for a short term higher? 
@_date: 2016-06-18 20:25:38
This. Basically they're going to arrive at the conclusion embracing Bitcoin and playing by its rules is the only way forward, the hard way. I doubt many of these projects get anywhere out of "testing" as the limits of them are going to become very apparent when their execs start asking "Ok, so how do we roll this out?". Quite simply, they'll realize no one is going to use a permissioned chain. You might as well just have a MySQL database at that point. Legacy institutions are scrambling to figure out how to get onto the crypto bandwagon, and they just can't figure it out yet. 
I expect that the moment one of them does *seriously* get it and the implications, they'll stop playing with private chains and start buying actual bitcoin. That'll trigger more legacy institutions to do the same. Then eventually even central banks. 
For now I'm happy to watch them stumble around though as Core continues to get Bitcoin ready to scale for prime time, with needed enhancements like SegWit and other updates to allow for the LN. 
@_date: 2016-06-17 22:35:13
As far as I understand Cp can facilitate all the token and smart contract features Ethereum does, but with the security and integrity of the Bitcoin blockchain. This is highlighted by the fact that the Ethereum devs are seriously considering rewriting their own blockchain because some idiots decided to rush out and hype up the DAO. 
I think it's a no brainer at this point. Ethereum is a nice experiment and much will be learned from it. But the future is gonna be one secure chain to rule them all, with added layers and side-chains to add any other kind of functionality imaginable. 
@_date: 2016-06-14 06:41:46
Truly surprised this didn't get spread around more. Epic read. Grab some popcorn and enjoy, 