@_author: btcpop
@_date: 2015-04-30 20:07:11
Howdy all,
Yes it was written at some speed and not proof read. It was 11pm after a long long day of compiling logs and getting the site migrated. It has been re-written :D
The reason we did not go to the police ourselves at the time the initial hacks were happening was because they were only attempts at SQL injections,  Port sniffing etc, and no harm had been done. We started tracking anyhow.
Basically what we done is on one of the accounts (dapoondestroyer email: dapoondestroyer we set up the code to capture the password as clear text next time he logged on. 
We then set each account to capture the full details of the user each time that password was entered for another account (password Jeebus90).
Several accounts were created (full details will be posted soon of them), that used the same password as login.
Several usernames were "I hacked your site" etc (no hack had taken place at this point), we logged ip's (though they mainly came through Tor). We also recorded Mac address via the server logs (was using Xenserver)
When we tried his password in his yahoo account, it was asking for 2FA. Thankfully Yahoo can send an SMS if you request it, so thats what I done for about 4 days at all hours of the night. 2FA was eventually turned off.
We found the original account's email had been used with an account at BTCJam. This account was late with the user "claiming" he had been hacked and his email changed.
However the email address this account was in use by him (he had used it to sign up for games online, and paid for a steam download on his card)
He also had emails to other sites asking for ransoms or he will DDOS.
So thats how we are pretty confidant we know who it is. That being said, I think there is more too it than this. Poss a small group that are working in conjunction. There were traces of emails to others about what was going to be hacked.
Therefore, the bounty of 25btc will stand until there is a conviction and this person, or people are brought to justice.
We are sending our file to the local police of the person we believe it to be tomorrow :)