@_author: btcquestion
@_date: 2012-11-04 18:35:08
Hi I have a few questions since I'm looking to invest in btc but first want to know about some basics. (I learn better asking people one on one than reading guides sorry if anyones annoyed) 
1) So someone hacked his computer and found his back-up dat file that had no passkey? He is out of luck?
2) If you are keeping your wallet offline, can you receive coins to it still? (so all the information is stored and active, updated online somewhere?)
3) Is the wallet.dat the only way someone can access coins? so theoretically, if you encrypt your wallet, the only way someone can access your coins is by stealing the dat file and bruteforcing the passkey? 
4) Do you make a back-up after every transaction and delete prior backups? I read that someone opened a prior backup and lost all his new coins
.. and more theoretical questions
5) Technology is said to double in efficiently every 8-10 years, won't that make the energy demands of mining a lot less and hurt the stability of the system? or make brute forcing p/w a lot easier (read this somewhere)
6) Lets say you have your wallet and store it for 20 yrs and forget about it. Can't the entire format and interface of computing change completely and no one would even know what to do with a .dat file? files/folders being obsolete
7) Our government has gone to war with countries over competing currencies (many conspiracies around this), right now tor seems to be stable and safe in 2012, but what if there is a propaganda machine that turns this into the next drug war? Could btc survive if it is illegal and people who deal in it given extreme penalties? 
well that's it feel free to answer all or some. 
@_date: 2012-11-05 08:44:22
Thanks for your in depth info/clarity. One more Q--- 1) How do paper wallets work? I see that all they are is public and private key numbers that you have to write down or print out. Since those aren't actual .dat wallets, how would you get those btc's into your wallet? Are they like money orders?  