@_author: btcroscoe
@_date: 2017-09-07 19:10:05
4-8mb in the long run, yes. Because Segwit adoption doesn't happen  that fast. The Bitfury paper is 2 years old, and since then Moore's and Nielsen's Laws have progressed.
As far as decentralisation is concerned, mining is by far the biggest bottleneck anyway, not the number of full nodes. What economic effect is a small consumer node going to have on the ecosystem? Research from the ETH Zürich has shown that throughput can be increased to e.g. 1mb block per minute without affecting mining decentralisation:
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:32:56
If anything economically significant nodes matter. A large Coinbase node that serves a million users and transacts millions of BTC is dominating 100 small consumer nodes any time of the day. Of course those consumer nodes can enforce whatever rules they like, but with no economic power behind it their token won't have much value, hence miners won't bother supporting it either.
Ever since the NYA, people here seem to try to turn Bitcoin's consensus model on it's head, implying that miners don't have much of a say.
You can't generally say that miners  follow users/businesses or the other way around, but there are scenarios where either can happen: E.g. if Bitcoin splits and one coin will have less than 10% hashing power and 90 minutes plus block times, the user experience will be very underwhelming hence users likely won't be supporting that token forever.
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:05:50
So much irony in there - complaining about censorship in a  censored forum. If you want an example, check my history and click "Permalink" on some of the posts that I made here. You'll find that they have been removed by the censorship.
Also, what business models? Blockstream's model of artificially choking on-chain capacity to incentivise their L2 products? As you emphasize decentralisation so much, what's your take on the fact that Blockstream employs the most influential Core devs?
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:03:45
What would be "the best tech" for you?
For me, that's a technology which isn't just academically advanced, but also pragmatic and responds to consumer needs. E.g. I'd view a conservative block size increase as such: Not technically fancy, but pragmatic in buying more time for L2 solutions to develop and still keeping Bitcoin dominant and useful in the meantime.
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:41:48
Where are the businesses, services and use cases in your scenario? Tech without those will hardly attract any users.
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:52:51


That's pretty much what they do - they all welcome lightning and side chains, just not at the expense of on-chain scaling. As usual, there's a balance to strike. And if you like it or not, but without businesses like Xapo or Coinbase, the Bitcoin user base and price wouldn't be nearly as high today. Hence businesses and devs have to work together, rather than having a technocratic dictatorship along the lines of "Core roadmap's way or the highway".
@_date: 2017-09-07 21:13:58
Those 5+ factors all interact, that's why price discovery via open markets is so important. Sure if you'd e.g. construct an extreme scenario with only 20 nodes worldwide run by large businesses, then the "digital gold" use cases would go out the window. However traders likely won't value such a token as much, hence it is not in the interest of miners and businesses to go into that extreme.
Btc market dominance is a good metric to go by IMO. Very large blocks and super cheap transactions wouldn't be the best way forward to maximise that, otherwise Litecoin would be top already. But it can also be said that btc market dominance fell from almost 90% to 45% within just a few months, which happened to coincide with the steep rise of transaction fees.
As for btc1, they are merely applying a very small patch on top of Bitcoin Core, so personally I am quite positive that Jeff Garzik (long term leading Linux dev, also Core dev for quite some time) and the other devs working in the background can pull that off without issues.
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:21:34
Only economically relevant nodes matter. Nobody cares if some small raspberry pie consumer node rejects blocks.
Sure full node users are somewhat sovereign, however if their chain has less than 10% hashing power (as currently 96% are signalling Segwit2x) it means that their chain will take more than 90 minutes to find a block, which isn't a very useful chain.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:25:59
Feel free to run whatever node you like, but at the end of the day, the value of any Bitcoin version will be determined by economically significant actors:
1) Traders 2)Miners 3)Businesses 4) Users paying for transactions
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:42:18
Most of the NYA businesses are heavily invested into btc long term. You seem to suggest that they are too stupid to recognise what's best for them in the long run. I'm not sure if that would be a valid assumption.
Also, turning their backs on their users wouldn't be rational. The thing is that most Bitcoin users don't even know about the block size debate, let alone whether we have 6000 or 60 full nodes on the network. You also won't find these users discussing Bitcoin here or voting on Twitter polls - unlike those technical users who run their own nodes. That's why you seem to think that most Bitcoin users have a strong preference for small blocks.
@_date: 2017-09-07 19:20:02
What bribes and threats? Miners are heavily economically invested in Bitcoin, not for the short term either. So those bribes and threats must have been very significant.
Also, miners have been pushing for Segwit plus 2mb ever since the HK agreement in Feb last year, so them supporting Segwit2x (which implements just that) shouldn't be surprising.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:15:01


If that was true, why did miners mine Bitcoin C at a loss for some time?
Also, what makes you think that economically significant actors (which determine the price after all) will prefer a No2X chain? 
@_date: 2017-09-07 20:31:37
One could pretty well turn that argument on its head: Less than 0.1% of btc users want to run full nodes, but quite a few complain about high fees. Also, empowering the poor and unbanked used to be a powerful btc use case - which somehow doesn't get mentioned as much these days with high fees. 
So who are you to tell those &gt; 99.9% of btc users to pay higher fees just so a small minority can cheaply run full nodes? Wouldn't that be arrogant/egoistic?
Centrally dictating Bitcoin's value proposition is pointless, no matter if devs, mods, businesses or miners try to do so. Hence open market price discovery is the only way. If you ask most users what criteria matter for them, then a strong long term btc price will probably be a common answer. You won't optimise that though by catering for a niche audience that cares about running their own nodes above anything else, and who more often than not don't even use Bitcoin that much for transactions. If you want that kind of coin it's probably better to switch to something else, because Bitcoin is already too mainstream to be a niche cyperphunk coin. And if people like it or not, Bitcoin just doesn't have strong economic incentives to run consumer full nodes, and it is based more on economics than altruism.
Aside from that, when taking your decentralisation criterion to an extreme, you'll actually achieve the opposite: A smaller Bitcoin ecosystem with little utility apart from speculation and digital gold will be much more prone to government intervention, which I'd consider the main risk.
I'm not agreeing on everything Roger Ver says, but the Uber analogy and saving Bitcoin from government intervention by making it as useful as possible to as many people as possible does have its merits imo.
@_date: 2017-09-07 16:04:40


There has been absolutely no science indicating that a conservative 2mb block size increase will lead to centralisation in any significant way.