@_author: btcreporter
@_date: 2013-05-20 14:45:20
I actually wrote a rebuttal to that article and posted it to my blog (the third point of that article, more specifically):
&lt;a href=" - I promise that's not a virus or goatse link! 
I generalize and oversimplify, but basically, as far as the second half of point 3 goes, to advocate people transact in Bitcoins because it's not taxable - following that advice is going to get someone into a bit of trouble...
@_date: 2013-05-20 15:39:31
One time pads are not an easy remedy. You can't email, for instance. So the banks would need to print out hard copy pad books and mail them to each client. And those clients would need to bring their pad book with them everywhere that they might attempt to login to their account from. There wouldn't be a real easy fix. But yes, I can't imagine quantum computing doing anything for bitcoin aside from utterly destroying. 
Thankfully, true Quantum Computing seems to as elusive as cold fussion.
@_date: 2013-05-20 15:51:01
You can't live life trying to counteract every possible threat - it's a cost/benefit thing. Quantum Computing breakthrough's aren't secret, it's not like one day Joe Hacker will suddenly have a quantum computer on his desk and nonchallantly begin decoding everyone's reddit passwords with it. Breakthroughs will be published in Academia, and when machines become ready for sale and use, government, universities and big corporations will be the only buyers. In short, there will be plenty of time for us to enact changes to insure that QC doesn't destroy bitcoin.
Why not do it now? QC doesn't even exist to a point of usability at this point. It may be 5 years out, 15 years out or 50 years out, we have no idea. No point in defending from an attack no one can even say if it's even on the horizon.
Why aren't we training the people of the world in the arts of guerilla warfare so that if aliens should attempt to enslave us, we can fight back?
Why haven't we written rules concerning the ethical treatment of dinosaurs cloned from DNA?
When Quantum Computing is approaching actual usability, that will be when the Bitcoin developers need to start implementing changes. They won't be the only ones, banks, brokerages and every e-commerce site will be busy doing the same.