@_author: btcsale
@_date: 2017-12-11 11:36:52
Some of the people advocating for this technology believe volatility will reduce over time, and that the investment proposition is not the exciting aspect of this science experiment. Lightning looks promising at a glance - would it solve the high transaction fees and speed up payments? I did see that payment that made it look useful in that regard. The argument for bitcoin is an international exchange of value brought to the lower 4 billion of people that are unbanked. It becomes peer to peer exchnage without a central intermediary that can outcompete international remittances that traditionally consume 35% of value in fees. The quote I heard 78bn of fees vs 500bn in remittances transferred last year. The technology is not solving a 1st world problem. It is an alternative to the hyperinflation of argentina, brazil, amd venezuela. It provides an alternative to monetary policy that damages people's quality of life - monetary policy is not the same throughout the world. To discount the evolution of this may be the equivalent of discounting the internet in its current form - people seem to solve tech roadblocks over time. The internet could never replace phone and tv until it did. Whats app has changed how most of the world communicates. We are not arguing over long distance phone calls. The technology has no indication of stagnating. It may not be bitcoin that survives, but the world is on its way to being changed just as the world without the interet would be ridiculous in today's time. 
- easy to use is the wrong wording - the added value is peer to peer transactions without an intermediary. no currency conversion, no barrier to entry. there is an assumption by many that bandwidth of transactions and fees will drop over time. not necessarily with bitcoin, but something like it in 15 yrs.
- the concern with a trust in banks is that much of the world cannot trust banks. the u.s is comfortable. other countries are not. this tech is not an argument for adoption in the u.s but rather the rest of the world. let's see where the technology evolves from here before we discount every future iteration that will be built over time.
i always revert to the following: it is better to be an innovator than a detractor- one works towards changing the world for the better and the other holds it back
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:12:53
what are the fees per transaction? isn't coinbase like $20 per $10 that changes hands?