@_author: btcthrowaway3344
@_date: 2017-05-02 12:59:51
I had to reply to this. Because the "IFs" is almost exactly what I did way back in 2011/12. Sorry for the throwaway account. But I do it for absolute secrecy.
Bitcoin was $5 back in 2011/12. I was buying up of a few local sites when I decided to take the plunge and put some $$ on Mt Gox. It took ages for my $5k transfer to hit my Mt.Gox account. It also cost a lot in international transfer fees. I almost though it may have been an elaborate scam, and my wife kept telling me I was crazy.
About two weeks later my Mt Gox account was credited. By that time BTC went up to $8. I was nearly going to wait for a price pull-back, but I knew it probably wouldn't happen so I went all-in and ended up buying about 550 BTC. Not long after I purchased, BTC started it's vertical climb. 
It went to ~$250 then pulled back (I think to $80 ish). In the meantime I was frantically getting all my Mt.Gox verification paperwork in place. It cost a fortune to get it all verified and posted. Plus Mt.Gox had been inundated with requests, so it took about 6 weeks to get the top level of Mt.Gox verification. My plan was to leave all coins on there and sell to pay my mortgage.
I was very new to BTC back then, but knew enough to know my private keys weren't safe if Mt.Gox got hacked. So I studied what was the most secure way to store them. I ended up using paper wallets. I decided to take some off Mt.Gox onto paper wallets. In total I took 330 coins off Mt.Gox. At the same time I got 6500 LTC for good measure and put them straight on paper wallets.
In the meantime I went to Asia to party with a few friends in late 2013. This is when things went crazy with the BTC price $1200 ish. From my $5000 Mt.Gox purchase and a few thousand spent on LTC (now at $50) I had made over 1 million. This is more money than I ever hoped to see.
Then came the crash. We went out to celibate our last day on holiday. We all got drunk and had a huge hangovers in the morning. I was really sick. Probably too sick to fly, but I did anyway. By the time I got home from my 9 hour flight the price of both BTC and LTC had crashed to half what they were, but I was still up nearly $500,000.
I lost about 180 BTC from Mt.Gox. To this day Mark Karpeles' face annoys me. It just makes me want to punch something. Partly because he looks like a fool, but mostly because I knew this might happen and didn't take ALL my coins off. 
That's when I thought fuck it! I'm not selling till it's worth more than 1million. I can't settle for anything less after being on that high. So I've hodled ever since (minus about 20). 
That's my story of how I invested $5K and now have nearly $1 million in BTC and other crypto currencies. It's been a wild ride, and there's a lot of the story I've left out. I'm not cashing out till I have much more than 1 million after tax. Till then I can live comfortably on an average salary.
