@_author: btc-taxes
@_date: 2014-11-03 20:24:25


How could you do the same thing? I suppose I could tell Bitstamp in a support message: "hey, I am going to sell the coins bought at x price in my next sale" --but what would really be the purpose of that? It's not as if they would change which coins are being sold, they have all of their customer's coins in CS and are simply matching bids and asks and changing their internal ledger. 


Well, yes, I do this for security now anyway, but I am referring to past events. But even with regard to that, it's still plausible you bought "short-term" coins at a bunch of different prices and sold them at a bunch of different prices. I think the answer is simply to keep good records of which coins (or their cost basis's) you are choosing to sell with each sale, I don't know if there is any thing else you can really do. 
@_date: 2014-11-03 19:27:21
That makes sense, thanks. 
@_date: 2014-11-03 18:35:36
For anyone knowledgeable in the subject (although I am sure a lot is simply not clear at the moment), my next question would be if we take the example above, and say I or said person then proceeded to take 20 bitcoins and buy litecoin with them--how would this be treated? 
I think there was a provision in the guidance (could be wrong) that stated "property" exchanged for other "property" should be recognized at the FMV of property received. So, in other words you would treat this the same as selling the 20 bitcoins for $, and use their appropriate cost basis (again can you use spec. ident. ?) and the $ value of the litecoin at the time of sale to determine the gain. This is how I reported it. 
I would then also assume you are starting a new cost basis in that litecion for the $ amount mentioned above (although in reality you only used bitcoin to purchase it). Anyone disagree with this?
While still a bit confusing, it makes sense to me, but then if you trade portions of that litecoin back to bitcion, at different rates, keeping track of all these cost basis seems quite tedious. I am sure many would say to just hire an accountant, but really, I am not so sure they would be any more knowledgeable than I in the matter, as this is pretty uncharted territory. 
**Edit: Another issue with this, is does the wash-sale rule apply here? (in terms of trading the litecoin back to bitcoin at a loss with respect to $ value)**
@_date: 2014-11-03 18:25:57
Ah I see thanks, that makes sense and is my assumption, hadn't seen it discussed ever so thought I would put it out there. 


Yes, great point, that is another question of mine that I guess is still unclear. I have assumed that it does apply (and not claimed such losses) for the time being to be conservative. 
@_date: 2014-11-03 19:30:19
So, no ambiguity here? I thought this was unclear, but I guess since btc was declared "property" it can not be considered a security? 
@_date: 2014-11-03 19:07:06


I understand your rationale, and how keeping separate wallets can help ensure you have sufficient evidence. I will keep this in mind for the future. But, I am sure there are a lot of people who simply bought all of their bitcoin on one exchange, and traded from that one account. 
In this scenario, it seems a bit ridiculous to report using FIFO if you are buying and selling the same 10 coins, or that is your intent in other words ( in actuality, all of the coins are in cold storage). Since this is unclear at the moment, the safe move is obviously to use FIFO, but personally I will not do this as it does not actually reflect the substance of my trading, and it would create a **much** bigger tax liability owed than should actually be reflected. 
Where do you draw the line? If I or a person in this scenario, had withdrawn the other 40 coins, would that have been sufficient evidence to prove you are re-selling the same 10 coins? I would assume it would eliminate the ambiguity. But yet, I don't see why you should have to withdraw these coins just to provide evidence for tax purposes if there is even a glimmer of a chance you wished to sell some or all of those coins. 
Again, the IRS will eventually rule in what ever favor they please, so I don't disagree with your comment, only that such enormous precautions are justified for me *personally*.
