@_author: btctraders
@_date: 2014-05-29 08:18:18
Thank you, this knowledge will save at least other people in losing coins to this cleverly planned tactic.
@_date: 2014-05-11 08:55:53
 
Mate sorry to hear about your experience with acquiring Bitcoins.
If you're still interested in buying Bitcoins, send us a message as I'd be happy to help (no ID required).
Just to provide a bit of clarity as well - when you enter a deal on localbitcoins.com , my Bitcoins effectively get 'locked' or held in escrow by Localbitcoins. So once you pay the funds via bank transfer, you mark the deal as paid, then once I receive the funds, I release the Bitcoins to you.
I can't take the money and run because my bitcoins are tied up with Localbitcoins.com, nor can I use the bitcoins that I have in your deal as they are held in escrow. 
Hope this helps.
If any party has any problems, a dispute can be raised, and localbitcoins.com will investigate it and resolve the item given the evidence that both parties have provided. From experience, usually takes 1-2 days, but they're disputes have been really quick in the few occasions that I've been involved in one where buyer marks as payment complete but does not respond and refuses to provide evidence (probably thinking that the seller is some newb who will release bitcoins to the buyer just because payment has been 'marked as complete').
Also I'd recommend establishing some contact with the person first, introduce yourself and get to know where they're from and what their feedback on localbitcoins.com is like.
Watch out for feedback that sounds like one guy wrote it, or that sounds repetitive. Repetitive Feedback with a bunch of plus marks (+++) or A++++ seller doesn't mean anything. Chances are, if it sounds like a manufactured comment, it probably is.
Also have a look at the range of comments that people leave. If multiple people are writing different things - and they SOUND legitimate - then chances are, the feedback is probably genuine.
I just realised that this probably has nothing to do with the original OP, but I thought I'd provide some feedback/advice to those who are reading this thread and looking for further information: Beware of the sudden aggressiveness of some buyers who will start ranting and raving and threatening to take you to the police or contact support if you don't release Bitcoins immediately. Take your time (but don't be purposefully slow about it and take days to reply either), make sure the money is in your account (if doing a transaction online) and ensure that the funds are cleared and safe. Of course, it might take you a day or two to ensure the funds are cleared, but as long as you notify the buyer of this, then there shouldn't be any nasty surprises for either party involved, nor should there be any threats of going to the police.
Note: once someone mentions the police, chances are, it COULD be a scam. Not always, but it could be.
@_date: 2014-05-29 07:38:37
Yeah, that is a common occurrence unfortunately. Your argument though is that you are providing an immediate service to the buyer based on their request, without asking for ID, plus you are offering an immediate release of Bitcoins. Something that an online purchase with a new seller would not necessarily achieve, given the seller can wait until the funds you sent to the seller are cleared within 2-3 business days.
@_date: 2014-05-29 12:50:33
Here is a bit of research that reveals one of these "fake forums". This is a forum posting that I found on bitcointalk.org. Note the user who started the post - PSExchange:
Beearing the above username in mind, now refer to the below link. Scroll down about three-quarters of the page where you will find this post:
I have copied a part of the forum chat as shown below:
"i was scammed by user psexchange
Jorgen Fredriksen is a scammer, let 's world read his name here.
skype: psexchange
stole: 247.25USD"
 - note that name above. Now refer to the below WHOIS search for one of the fake forums.
See how the names are the same? This is the SAME GUY who is now running 
Whois Domain
Is this your domain name? Renew it now.
Domain Name:CASHFORUMS.ORG 
Domain ID: D171329040-LROR 
Creation Date: 2014-03-07T17:22:20Z 
Updated Date: 2014-05-07T03:45:34Z 
Registry Expiry Date: 2015-03-07T17:22:20Z 
Sponsoring Registrar:GoDaddy.com, LLC (R91-LROR) 
Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 146 
WHOIS Server: 
Referral URL: 
Domain Status: clientDeleteProhibited 
Domain Status: clientRenewProhibited 
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited 
Domain Status: clientUpdateProhibited 
Registrant ID:CR162699365 
Registrant Name:jorgen fredriksen 
Registrant Organization: 
Registrant Street: karstensens vei 22 
Registrant City:Fredikstad 
Registrant State/Province:Fredrikstad 
Registrant Postal Code:1617 
Registrant Country:NO 
Registrant Phone:+47.41498584 
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email:Verdande 
Admin ID:CR162699367 
Admin Name:jorgen fredriksen 
Admin Organization: 
Admin Street: karstensens vei 22 
Admin City:Fredikstad 
Admin State/Province:Fredrikstad 
Admin Postal Code:1617 
Admin Country:NO 
Admin Phone:+47.41498584 
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email:Verdande 
Tech ID:CR162699366 
Tech Name:jorgen fredriksen 
Tech Organization: 
Tech Street: karstensens vei 22 
Tech City:Fredikstad 
Tech State/Province:Fredrikstad 
Tech Postal Code:1617 
Tech Country:NO 
Tech Phone:+47.41498584 
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: 
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email:Verdande 
Name Server:NS8023.HOSTGATOR.COM 
Name Server:NS8024.HOSTGATOR.COM 
Name Server: 
Name Server: 
Name Server: 
Name Server: 
Name Server: 
Name Server: 
Name Server: 
Name Server: 
Name Server: 
Name Server: 
Name Server: 
DNSSEC:Unsigned 
Access to Public Interest Registry WHOIS information is provided to assist persons in determining the contents of a domain name registration record in the Public Interest Registry registry database. The data in this record is provided by Public Interest Registry for informational purposes only, and Public Interest Registry does not guarantee its accuracy. This service is intended only for query-based access. You agree that you will use this data only for lawful purposes and that, under no circumstances will you use this data to(a) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission by e-mail, telephone, or facsimile of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations to entities other than the data recipient's own existing customers; or (b) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that send queries or data to the systems of Registry Operator, a Registrar, or Afilias except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or modify existing registrations. All rights reserved. Public Interest Registry reserves the right to modify these terms at any time. By submitting this query, you agree to abide by this policy.
I know of several people who have lost money already to this user. But I don't think the above information would even come close to retrieving the lost people's bitcoins - unless anyone in the community knows of any other methods that might be able to help?
@_date: 2014-05-29 07:51:22
I would suggest increasing education towards all new and intermediate Bitcoin-experience individuals through dedicated posts, though this has probably been done already.
@_date: 2014-06-01 10:47:14
What website was this?
@_date: 2014-06-01 10:32:36
1. Scammers have become more advanced now. They are heavily integrating themselves into the community by acting like, and thinking, like a legitimate buyer/seller. Scammers will often try to haggle (like a normal person would do) but the KEY point I feel here - is that if you won't send first, you will notice a scammer start sending you a few messages once he/she feels you are backing off:
1) Reasserting to you that you won't be able to achieve what you want (ie. you won't get people to send you cash first via WU)
2) Asserting that no escrow being used (all escrows online can get hacked).
Note a key thing I have come across in my analysis - is the scammers ability to also be chummy/friendly with you with the use of :P and :D emoticons, to try and lower your guard.
They will also try and tie religion into it - saying things like God Bless You - and might even include something like Lord Have Mercy on their username or signature.
Just a couple of key pointers to look out for :)
@_date: 2014-05-29 12:59:07
Thanks for the feedback, appreciate it
@_date: 2014-05-29 03:51:02
Another point worthy of note:
People on eBay and Paypal will OFTEN (though not always) advertise an abnormally higher than market rate in order to ENTICE the seller to accept their advertisement.
THEN if the Bitcoins are not transferred immediately to the buyer, the buyer may very well start threatening you verbally that they will either;
a) report the trade to support
b) go to the police
This is a classic intimidation tactic that sc use in order to SCARE the seller into releasing the coins early. Remember, use your judgement, think clearly, and only releaes the coins once the money is safely in your hands. No need to be afraid of people make vile, useless threats about going to the police for deals that are in the hundreds of dollars of value.
@_date: 2014-05-29 12:56:10
Lol... this did make me laugh somewhat :) implying that I'm Captain Dodgy and Captain Hypocrite by writing the above.
But hey, just above this, I've posted some more damning information about how these 'fake forums' work.
Hope it helps.
@_date: 2014-05-31 09:41:51
All of whom?
@_date: 2014-05-15 12:18:13
Hi there,
I am looking to sell a bulk amount of BTC, happy to go via Escrow using Local Bit Coins.
Approx. amount in holding 350btc thereabouts.
Based in Australia, happy to work out specifics if interested.
@_date: 2014-05-29 07:26:54
•Also, I'm 99% sure localbitcoins does not have any fiat escrow service. So if you get an email saying someone you're trading with has paid into localbitcoins' main account. Open a support ticket and do not release your Bitcoins. They are trying to scam you.
Thanks heaps for posting the above, that is definitely a new development in the world of scummers - fiat escrow? Wow...
Another point to add to the above: Anyone who starts verbally threatening/harassing/abusing you on localbitcoins messaging, saying they will go to the police or report your trade to localbitcoins.com - DO NOT WORRY :) These guys are using psychology 101 and trying to get newer less experienced sellers from releasing bitcoins to them for fear of being dobbed to the police
@_date: 2014-05-29 03:12:40
One recommendation I would make, for all Bitcoin newbies out there, is to AVOID any people who contact you out of the blue on Skype to arrange Bitcoin deals.
Best bet is to go via escrow by using a website such as  That way both parties are protected against potential loss
@_date: 2014-05-29 05:40:15
Your English is perfectly fine, don't worry about it :)
My suggestion would be to write down what you want to achieve in 1, 2 and 5 years time.
Then break these timeframes down into what actions, steps or tasks you need to take in order to achieve each goal.
Then set yourself a schedule/routine to ensure you achieve your tasks.
@_date: 2014-05-29 12:58:40
Sometimes, people who do not understand something completely will naturally feel paranoid about it.
Reading your post made me feel paranoid :P
But I can see the good intentions behind it.
@_date: 2014-05-29 03:24:51
An interesting point of discussion: In countries such as Australia, Bitcoim ATMs are popping up allowing users to purchase Bitcoins. The catch is, the person who wishes to buy or even sell Bitcoins will need to:
a) Scan their palmprint to allow the ATM to scan your fingerprint.
b) Upload your driver's licence. I suspect this method is for all purchases and sales to be able to be tracked back against a national database.
I have had a number of people with whom I have done cash deals with, tell me that they were scared off by the ATM because of so many identification requirements. This may well be to do with the law of the country, requiring an individual to submit their identification when dealing with currency at an ATM - similar to ATM cards that people would use for their bank account.
So yes, it is meant to be anonymous in nature, in that two people can meet and then exchange. However, this is not always possible if you wish to use an ATM
@_date: 2014-05-29 13:01:48
The above is typical of the 'newbie' scammers. Those with broken English, no university degrees, working often on the lower levels.
Those with university degrees (often in English and Psychology), educated in English abroad, will do the above in a much more suave, gentlemanly, sophisticated, professional manner.