@_author: btc-throwingaway
@_date: 2014-07-23 02:42:49
As an LBC.com seller show charges $100 over market, there is a reason for that. 
1. My reputation.
I am a pro trader with 500+ unique trades, and 100% feedback. Buyers can buy with confidence with me (even through PayPal). 
2. One reason you listed. 
"They are never serious.." - There are probably more time-wasting buyers out there, then there are sellers. Time is money, as a seller. Most people are buying for investment purposes, or to spend. Sellers, are typically speaking, selling to make a profit. I'm not going to wait around for 30 minutes, waiting for someone to show up looking to buy $100 worth of BTC if I'm only making 5% profit. I've learned my lessons about having my time wasted. I *only* sell on my conditions, at my point of meet up. I do absolutely no traveling. They meet me 5 minutes from my house (at a Dunkin Donuts), and I don't bother leaving until they text me saying they arrive. I don't "make" time for buyers. I go about my day, and they can chase me down. I will continue to run my errands, and change the meeting spot to wherever I'm at if I keep getting "I'm on my way."
3. My level of service.
Although they buyer meets on my terms, they are very fair. I'm quick to respond, available to be reached 24/7 except when I'm with my girl - that's no bitcoin time, and I'm very fast to meet up with. 
4. Money, money, money
I go through a ton of bitcoin each month, and need to protect my margins. We all know bitcoin can swing more than 5% in a day, and I need to protect my margins by charging more.
In the end, it has all worked out for me, and continues to. I know someone who charges significantly less than I do, and meets up at the same location as I do (he actually got me into selling) and I've since taken a lot of his customers and regularly hear from him how local sales have dried up. Yet, I'm surprised by the "boom" that I've seen in my local trades. You would be surprised how much more people are willing to pay for trust, and convenience. 
@_date: 2014-07-23 02:32:25
I'm an LBC buyer and seller; 500+ *unique* trades, pro status with green thumbs, and 100% positive feedback. Any way you trade, you can be scammed. The profit margins on the methods are indicators of how easily you can be scammed.
As someone else mentioned, it is entirely possible to get scammed by cash deposit. Although it is against every bank's rules to allow cash deposits to be reversed, tellers often do it due to poor judgement, lack of training, or lack of knowledge. In saying that, banks have it written so that a person who does a cash deposit can do a reversal as long as they haven't already left the bank. So, hypothetically, if someone did a cash deposit, and you immediately released the bitcoin, they could reverse the deposit and everything would be on the up-and-up, because they never left the bank.
The only 100% safe way that I know is if you accept cash deposits, but don't release the coin until the next business day.