@_author: btctricks
@_date: 2018-09-16 09:00:34
It's not just cashing out either. If you make trades from BTC to fiat without removing it from the exchange it is a taxable event. If you continuously trade then it gets pooled into one. However if you go from say BTC to ETH then that is a change of asset and its own transaction. They take the value at the time and convert it to sterling &amp; you get hit by capital gains.
If your friend does know something please let me know as I've spoken to multiple firms &amp; have got the same advice from each.
@_date: 2018-09-15 17:51:07
Where did you hear it was tax free?
@_date: 2018-09-15 19:20:02
Got some bad news for you....You might want to hire a tax firm to deal with your trading proceeds. I had some misconceptions about tax in the UK, thinking that everything would fall under capital gains. It does, but only if you are trading spot coins, either in cash or in margin.
Bitmex isn't spread betting, it has other forms of derivatives &amp; futures. Derivative trading is an entirely different thing compared to normal cryptocurrency spot trading. To fall under the capital gains tax legislation, or under the gambling tax laws then you have to trade on an FCA regulated exchange. If you do not then you fall under Schedule D, income tax, in particular the miscellaneous income bracket. The only derivative exchange I know of you can trade on &amp; get on the capital gains side is Cryptofacilities. You can see they have a message at the bottom highlighting there FCA number.
You really should hire someone to go over this for you. If they decide to look into you &amp; you have not taken the proper steps (hiring a professional) then they can fine you large sums. It fucking sucks :(
@_date: 2018-09-16 10:55:17
I was talking about spot trading in that example.
The way you calculate tax for Bitmex in the most simple terms is to calculate the amount you gained or lost in BTC, then convert it to Sterling at the time of the trade. Or you could use the change in wallet balance each day at 12:00UTC settlement, which is what my accountant is doing. You then calculate how much you gained or lost in total over the year in sterling which gives you your figure. It gets more complicated as the change in BTC counts as an acquisition/sale so your base price changes as well which effects your capital gains figure.
It's a pain in the ass!
@_date: 2018-08-27 00:47:58
Personally I would never advertise BTC with a sticker on your car. Just screams please rob me. 
@_date: 2018-11-28 17:39:31
I have paid alot of money for an accountant. The problem is it appears that tax on derivative contracts are clear cut. If its not FCA regulated it is "Other Income". Therefore you cannot offset the losses from BTC value dropping as it is regarded as a separate capital gains account. I would essentially have a massive forward loss where I can work for tax free in the future on the capital side. But the same time I have a bigger tax bill due which is much larger now.
I need to develop a system this year to basically lose BTC on derivative platforms &amp; move the proceeds onto a spot account. To do that I imagine when I think the market is going to trend up I open a short contract &amp; simultaneously enter a long position on Bitfinex for the same amount. That way I take a loss reducing my futures account which is income while earning on the spot which is capital. 
@_date: 2018-11-28 18:10:26
Yep you are correct. If BTC plummets wiping out your assets you would have a massive capital gains loss, but at the same time a massive income bill which still stands with no way to pay. As you can't use sideways relief on it you are fucked.
 This is why its so serious, if you use derivatives a lot the bill will be huge. Last year is too late, but this year you have some time to change it. If I am going to continue trading on there when I realise a profit I have to sell immediately the tax liability to cover the sterling value to protect myself.
@_date: 2018-11-28 16:24:43
Not to easy when you make a living from it. 
The advice out there in regards to crypto exchanges is wrong. Most advisers don't seem to know this either which will bite many people in this ass when they get audited. You can see from other countries how many people are getting flagged for investigation. Without the right solutions so many traders are going to get burnt.
@_date: 2018-11-28 17:53:24
He says there is nothing I can do about last year as its already done. I am going to speak to him about developing a system to move as much proceeds as possible going forward. This year I have 6 months to claw some back from the income side. Right now he's only just informed me &amp; we are trading emails. Going to speak to him soon. At the moment I have left a short position open on Bitmex to hedge my accounts. This bounce I am losing BTC, keeping $ value but saving a fortune on tax. I've got to think of ways to pull it across...
I could honestly be looking at a massive tax bill. Really not a great feeling at all. So many people are going to be destroyed by this once they start investigating. 
@_date: 2018-04-14 19:27:38
Gamble on Bitmex