@_author: btctester
@_date: 2019-12-19 17:24:41
The future is DEX (Decentral exchanges, your keys your Bitcoins). I stopped using Binance and other central exchanges after they blocked a high (five digit dollar) amount for 5 months! They didn't tell me why, the people writing to me had no name and were unfriendly, they didn't tell me when they release the funds or if ever. Fortunately they unblocked it after 5 months. Like many I didn't store the funds there, I only planned to deposit 5 minutes, exchange it and withdraw immediately. The 5 minutes ended up in 5 months. They earned so much money on fees that they became arrogant. Most people might have better experience, but the same could happen to you as well.
@_date: 2019-12-19 17:07:21
There are chances to get your coins back. You probably heard that Bitcoin is not anonymous but pseudonymous. This means that analyzing transaction trees and central interfaces (e.g. the thief transfers coins to a BTC exchange) possibly allows to reveal the thiefs identity. This under the assumption your loss is big enough to involve the police. You write that it was a small amount so probably you learned your lesson and period. 
Generally speaking if a loss is not small:
The transaction cannot be reverted, however in case the thief has no deep blockchain knowledge he might make mistakes and reveals his identity. I'd do this:  
Look at an explorer if the address where you sent the BTC to was used in other transactions already. If not repeat it from time to time, earlier or later the coins will move.
If there are other transactions find help to analyze it. Goal is to find with forensic analysis other addresses which belong with high likelihood to the same owner. The outgoing transactions of all these addresses might end up at an exchange. The exchange might know the identity of the owner or at least bank account data. The police might help you to get the identity from the exchange (depending on the jurisdiction of the exchange).
@_date: 2019-12-19 17:42:06
I use BRD wallet for privacy reasons because it allows the connection to my own BTC node. If your wallet is connected to untrusted nodes then they can spy out your BTC addresses and this weakens your privacy (e.g. bloom filter attacks).
I'm sure there are other nodes capable to do this as well. 
Never use a wallet depending on a company service or anything similar.
@_date: 2019-12-19 16:24:24
If your wallet wasn't the initiator of this transaction then either your phone is compromised or the wallet software or you wrote down a seed and somebody found it. This transaction cannot be reverted and you shouldn't use this phone/wallet anymore for future bitcoins. But don"t give up to get the coins back. This is what you can do:  
* Lookup frequently if there is movement on address [132ba11ppQDN2krpHhu61qi3hP8cKrAQet]( . So far the coins are still there and the address is used only once. But if the thief has no deep blockchain knowledge he might reuse this address or cashs out at an exchange which increase chances to catch him.
* If there are new incoming transactions on this address post it here and we can forensically analyze if other addresses belong with high likelihood to the same owner and if any of the affiliated transactions end up at an exchange.
* If there are new outgoing transactions on this address as well post it here and we can analyze if it goes to an exchange or if there is more than one input address which can be followed. 
* If an exchange can be identified you go to police and and present them the facts. The exchange might know the identity of the thief or at least a bank account number. Depending on the jurisdiction of the exchange they might hand it over to the police. Very likely you"re not the only victim of this thief. You might get the question if you can proof that you didn't initiate the transfer.
Positive outcome for you would be that the thief could be identified and didn't spend the funds yet so that you could get it back with help of police/lawyer... .
I wish you good luck!
@_date: 2019-12-19 17:59:04
I'd not use a central exchange (for privacy and security reasons). A decentral exchange allowing buying BTC anonymously is Bisq.
@_date: 2019-12-30 23:39:28
Great summary, thanks for sharing!
Two comments:
1) Exchanging your BTC into Monero forth and back at a DEX like Bisq increases the privaczy in my eyes.
2) Samourai: Stopped using it a year ago because I couldn't connect it to my own node. The developers sent me a description which didn't work but stopped communication when I asked again. Either they were too busy ... or it's operated by people trying to spy us out via the SPV. Even if I assume the amonymous Samurai team is honest and interested in my privacy how can I know if they don't sell all to a third public or private party next month. Did someone succeed to connect the Samourai wallet to his own node?
@_date: 2019-12-20 02:01:00
I agree with u/bitusher and u/oksigen, Bisq is a good choice for both crypto2crypto and crypto2fiat. There might be other good ones, but be carefully that they don't only pretend to be a DEX.