@_author: btcveteran
@_date: 2014-03-08 05:12:15
They don't have any formal training in forensic science and therefore should not be categorized as "forensic analysts"
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:27:51


LOL .... do you think miners/mining rigs were any cheaper in 2010????
Do you think that the coins were any cheaper in relation to their perceived value in 2010???
Do you realize the iron stomach it took to hold coins long term over those 3 years???
Lastly, there are very few individuals left that are holding millions of Bitcoins.  
@_date: 2014-03-08 05:19:22
Then she should have said forensic genealogists.
@_date: 2014-08-22 16:55:06
There's your mistake.  Always move fiat in smaller amounts ... Less risk.
Your transaction was probably flagged by their bank.
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:04:58
They're just the same as Bruce Wagner, except that Bruce Wagner had actually scammed retirees out of significant amounts of money in his past.
We'll shed these bottom-feeders.  They will be replaced by individuals/companies that are the best at what they do, not just in a position because they were there first.
There are great, great things ahead for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:58:14
I could care less, she's inconsequential in every way.
@_date: 2014-02-26 19:48:06
And don't rely on letstalkbitcoin for Bitcoin news.  They're about as naive as they come.
Stephanie Murphy's stupidity aided a Bitcoin scammer that was posing as the owner of Cryptsy on Facebook.
When the scammer solicited her for an investment over Facebook, Stephanie actually fell for it and sent money!  Who falls for money scams on Facebook, lol.  
That allowed the scammer to dupe other naive users by saying that Stephanie Murphy was an investor.
Seriously, you couldn't make this stuff up!
Like I said ... Bitcoin attracts bottom-feeders.  Fortunately, they will be weeded out over time.
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:35:06
Well you just helped me prove it even further


$2500+ / month doesn not equal "a couple extra bucks"
@_date: 2014-03-27 23:26:26
LOL ... what an idiot.  Investors and the hoarding phase is critical to the success of crypto currency.  
These Dogecoin clowns should be kept as far away from cryptocurrency as possible.  
His buddy Ben Doernberg is so out of touch with what crypto currency is, that when a clueless Senator released a statement about banning Bitcoin, Ben actually asked a REPORTER if it would apply to dogecoin:  
Here is where he posted a link to the tweet on reddit (of course he deleted the actual tweet):  
Here it the text of the tweet thanks to 2014-02-26 20:37:35 UTC
Confirmation from ABC's   proposed Bitcoin ban would not apply to Dogecoin twitter.com  
Here is the reporter's answer:  
Of course she wisely points out that a ban on Bitcoin would definitely apply to all crypto currency at some point.
@_date: 2014-03-15 20:56:25
Well, that's another of your many mistakes.
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:21:44
There's a difference between sloppy journalism and committing journalistic suicide.  
Surely someone at newsweek should be smart enough to have figured that out.  
@_date: 2014-02-27 04:53:56
Just a little bit of bias from this guy(Ryan Selkis) ... He thinks his company is going to be the FDIC of Bitcoin, ROFLMAO.
Talk about conflict of interest.
@_date: 2014-02-26 19:02:33
We've been through this multiple times with MtGox over the years, the story is always the same.  I dare say, this isn't even the worst.
The password leak in 2011 was worse in my opinion due to the timing (Bitcoin was in its infancy and MtGox was the only exchange).
More importantly ... no MtGox employee will have a clue what is happening.
@_date: 2014-03-08 05:13:55
when they should stick to making family tree collages.  :)
@_date: 2014-02-26 20:46:51


While true, it's the dumbest thing I've heard yet.  He's in an industry that doesn't represent the status quo.  He's in the industry that is the biggest target for financial regulators.
He was reckless and got caught.


Then you are blind.


Not in the same way.  If you were experienced with cryptocurrency you would know that I was not bragging.   I mentioned those to demonstrate the pain I've been through on the long road to where we are today.  


No it doesn't.  That't what people with short attention spans would think.  Bitcoin is in the hoarding stage and transitioning into it's spending phase as it becomes used by more and more merchants.


That doesn't make it any less greedy.


This could be true, and that's why I'm invested in it.  It's not all bad, but it's important to acknowledge what it's become ... the greediest altcoin of them all.
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:25:18
Warren Buffet made his money by being the most CONSERVATIVE investor.  He is a PRACTICAL, DOWN-TO-EARTH investor that has always invested only in companies he understands.
He won't invest in any company unless there is a significant amount of CERTAINTY.
I think the only tech company he has ever invested in is IBM (the oldest tech company) and he only started investing in IBM in 2011!
How dumb do you have to be to look for him for advice on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:30:27
There's a fundamental difference between "making your money back" and what happened in Nov 2013.
@_date: 2014-08-02 16:43:57
Because it still is the dumbest idea ever.
Look at all the time and effort wasted on Josh Wise, with nothing to show.
The only benificiaries were Josh Wise and NASCAR.
The recipe for success is to do the exact opposite of what Dogecoin does.
@_date: 2014-03-27 23:12:56
I'm sorry, but the plaintiffs are being ridiculous.  They knowingly used a Bitcoin exchange based in Japan.  Why do they think the company reps should come to them??
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:46:12
What is there for them to reveal that hasn't already been revealed?  The writing is on the wall unless you're dunce.  
None of the individuals and companies carrying the pitchforks have dealt with what MtGox has shouldered over the past three years.  
None of them have carried the biggest target on their back in the Bitcoin Community for years.  
There are very few in the bitcoin community that have born the responsibility that MtGox has over the past three years.  
Now, certainly MtGox has proven their incompetence over the years, but what else can you expect from the first Bitcoin Exchange in a brand new technology?   
Every Bitcoin first has been like that.  Most people that are involved in Bitcoin, don't hold their place because they were the best.  They hold their place / position because they were there first.  (just google Bruce Wagner Bitcoin)
Look at the Bitcoin Foundation ... mostly a bunch of wannabees that sat on the sidelines during this whole debacle ... they were just there first.  Roger Ver is a perfect example, a complete wannabe that just happened to be in the right place at the right time.  Just go look at one of his video speeches if you want a good laugh.
Coinbase ... they're not an exchange, they just buy and sell bitcoins.  They don't have to deal with speculators, daytraders and bots like MtGox does.  
Bitstamp ... only moved to the UK in 2013, has benefited from following on coattails of MtGox.  
The Bitcoin Developers ... don't have to deal with putting their name on the line for millions/billions of dollars of other peoples money, don't have to deal with regulators, governments, moving large sums of BTC / cash.  Don't have to build an exchange that can deal with some of the largest trade volume ever seen, bots, day traders, thiefs trying to take advantage of exploits (both technical and personnel related)  
Bitcoin Miners ... they just sit at home and buy computer hardware and run software (I'm one of them)  
Past Exchanges ... just took the money and ran, or folded under pressure (the biggest was bought out by MtGox making everyone whole)  
People that Lost Money on MtGox ... most of them were speculators that allowed greed to overcome their common sense.  There was no reason to send Bitcoins to MtGox other than to speculate / trade.  Withdrawals have been frozen for months, so you wouldn't send your bitcoins to MtGox to EXCHANGE them for fiat.  If you sent fiat to MtGox to buy Bitcoins, there was no reason to keep your Bitcoins on MtGox except to speculate / trade.  Why does someone have 100s of BTC on MtGox?  So they can day trade and make money by just moving money around (sound familiar, sound like Wall Street fat cats?)  
Charlie Shrem ... the lowest of the low.  A common thief that hid things from his business partner and broke federal law, may he rot in jail where he belongs.  
DogeCoin ... the greediest altcoin community of them all.  They benefited from the foundation MtGox laid down for the exchanges that followed (I'm a participant on one of the first 3 pages of the dogecoin richlist)  
Vault of Satoshi ... they have absolutely zero trade volume.  I don't know anyone that trades there.  It's easy to manage an exchange with no trade volume.  
BTC-e ... who are they?   where are they?  It's easy to manage an exchange when you can just ignore regulations.  
Who am I?  A large scale participant in Bitcoin mining since late 2010.  Among the first to get BFL FPGAs, among the first to get BFL ASICs, among the first to get KNCminer ASICs.  Pulled everything out of MtGox in early 2012 and never went back.  
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:00:36
That's the funniest part, no one, even today, has missed out on the Bitcoin train.   Even if you bought at $1000 or $1200.  The changes that Bitcoin is making are long term.  There is no quick buck to be made.
You can make assumptions about me all you want as long as you're comfortable being made to look like an ass. 
Prior to Nov. 2013, mining was an entirely different world.  I mined for months when it was highly unprofitable.  There were no promises of riches in 2010, 2011,2012 or even 2013.  I mined because I believed in what Bitcoin stands for.  I believe in what Bitcoin can do for the world.  The money I made just paid the bills because I put everything back into Bitcoin infrastructure(minining rigs) just like thousands of other early adopters.  Things have changed in the last 6 months monetarily, but the reason I'm here hasn't.
I'm not "competing." with Dogecoin.  I am highly invested.  You will find one of my wallet addresses on the first three pages of the dogecoin rich list.  I think dogecoin has positive attributes, but it's being overshadowed by the core fundamental holding the community together up to this point ... greed.
I'm highly invested in a lot of altcoins because I believe that multiple coins that have valuable attributes are good for crytpocurrency.
@_date: 2014-02-26 19:58:46
Have you actually read the complaint?  
If Charlie Shrem hadn't been so reckless, I might agree with you.  But take a look at the evidence they have against him.
They have invoices and Bank Records for the transactions that violated AML / KYC law.  They have email communication from Charlie where he says that he knows the buyer is using the BTC for drug trafficking and that he is violating federal law. 
Charlie told the buyer to use a different email address so that his business partner wouldn't notice they were breaking the law.  
Either Charlie submitted the necessary documents to comply with the law or he didn't.  It's open and shut.
Charlie was the compliance officer for a licensed Money Transmitter, he can't claim ignorance.
There is no possible defense for what they have against him, there is no explanation.  He's guilty.
@_date: 2014-03-08 00:52:31
Are you seriously this dense?
First, go back to my post.  I said "They don't realize the sacrifices that have been made by other for years so that Dogecoin could even exist."
You childishly try repeatedly get me to admit sacrifices made by me when I never indicated my point resolves around any sacrifices I made.
How about you pull your head out of the sand and think about the name that was mentioned in this thread.  While I don't particularly like Charlie Shrem, he has certainly put his freedom on the line.
Is that enough sacrifice?
I'm not angry, you're just a blubbering idiot.
@_date: 2014-03-11 04:05:17
That benefit to Bitcoin that you think people favor will definitely benefit Wikipedia.
Bitcoin is changing the way people think about donating to online initiatives.  Bitcoin makes micro-payments a reality.
For example, if I want to donate to the foundation, the minimum donation is $3.  If I donated $3 to every online resource that I benefit from, I would spend a fortune.  Especially if I wanted to donate more than once.
But what if I could donate $0.25 and the foundation would get all $0.25.
How many people that don't donate to Wikipedia would if that were possible, how many of them would donate more than once.
And Bitcoin simplifies the donation process making it easier to donate.
Frankly, by delaying the acceptance of Bitcoin, the foundation is hurting itself.  Just as countries who hinder their citizens' use of Bitcoin will end up dooming them to being handicapped in the world of cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:52:34
And this ladies and gentlemen is what Bitcoin is all about, not daytrading, trying to ride the pump and dumps to make a quick buck.
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:27:01
Gavin is a core developer that has a particular role in her story (perhaps even biased).
My quesion is did she make a fact checking effort to reach out to community members (by this I mean random people on bitcointalk, reddit, high profile bitcoin companies). 
Did she talk to Gavin about outing poor Mr. Nakamoto, or did she just talk about what Satoshi represents in general to the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2014-03-01 05:14:13


You have just proven my point better than I could ever have.
Do you really think that all the early adopters just had Bitcoins drop in their lap?
The fact that you need me to explain what it took for Bitcoin to get to what it is today just shows how clueless you are.  The collective sacrifices (of which mine are but a small part) made by the Bitcoin community so that all the altcoins could even exist  does not need to be explained to anyone with a basic understanding of technology.
Heck, Dogecoin hasn't even had a day of non-profitable mining yet ... how do you think that is possible?  Because cryptocurrency is a hot topic.   And why do you think it's a hot topic?
Because members of the Dogecoin community guilt tripped the Jamaican bobsled team into accepting your donation? (they had all the funds they needed from crowdsourcing before anyone from the dogecoin community actually communicated with the bobsled team)
No, cryptocurrency is a hot topic ... because everybody wants a piece of cryptocurrency after they saw the fruit of the Bitcoin community's hard work.
I'm calling Dogecoin what it is in the hopes that the community will look in the mirror and realize the error of their ways.
The bashing has simmered down, so already the community is realizing it's shortcomings.
I have been a part of the dogecoin community since the first week.  I'm not bashing the community, I'm not angry, I'm just calling out the community so that it can be fixed.
Dogecoin has to this day been the greediest altcoin of them all ... it will be nice to see that change.
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:14:58
This was the cover story for a weekly publication.  There are industry accepted practices for fact checking a story. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:48:24
The cost of a competitive mining rig is EXACTLY the same as it was in the beginning.   I have never made more money in fiat per day mining with GPUs than I do now.
It will happen again.
You have to sell coins to pay bills.  Then how do you not sell when it goes from $.50 to 10 dollars.  When it goes from $10 to $50 dollars, etc, etc.
@_date: 2014-03-08 05:11:30
lol ... I don't think you get it.  I'm sure there are real "forensic analysts" out there.  But a pair of genealogists don't qualify for that designation.
A person appropriately assigned this title would have an education in forensic science, not genealogy.
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:19:09
It's really more than just ignoring journalistic standards.  It's more like commiting journalistic suicide.
That's why I'm curious ... was anyone contacted?
@_date: 2014-03-08 06:32:24
I don't have a problem with that.  But the name research is step 1 of at least 20 steps if you're going to name someone as THE Satoshi Nakamoto.
Largest genealogy "library" run by a cult ... yet another problem with genealogy. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 19:34:08
You really owe it to yourself to read the complaint against Charlie Shrem.  He intentionally and knowingly subverted federal AML / KYC laws.  He intentionally and knowingly hid this fact from his business partner.  Why?  Because he was greedy.  I hate every bottom-feeder that Bitcoin attracts, and unfortunately there are lots of them.
Every post in the Dogecoin reddit is about going to the moon (translates to I sit here on my ass and get rich).
At every turn regulars are badmouthing Bitcoin in the hopes that Dogecoin will overtake Bitcoin so they become even richer. 
The Dogecoin community doesn't even care that Bitcoin is about to change the world.  They don't realize the sacrifices that have been made by other for years so that Dogecoin could even exist.  
They don't care what's at stake, they just want to get richer by doing nothing.
Every charity effort made by Dogecoin was solely to get free publicity.  Each charity effort was specifically chosen for the amount of publicity it would garner.  Go read the posts, it's all out in the open.
@_date: 2014-04-13 18:58:04
That's completely unnecessary. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:44:19


Frankly, greed is not a fundamental problem that Bitcoin faces.  We've made it past the stage were greed could pose a threat.
However, greed is the root of dogecoin.  That can be fixed, but to fix it, the community first has to acknowledge it.
I think that is possible, and it may even be happening now as the dogecoin community was given a dose of reality when doge didn't magically double after the halving and doge dropped like a rock with all the other cryptos.
@_date: 2015-01-02 12:43:31
You have to understand ... these conferences aren't for the good of Bitcoin.
They're designed to line the pockets of the organizers.  Just add up the attendance fees and the sponsorship fees. 
This response just goes even further to prove this.
I mean, come on.  Josh went so far as to pose as an ebay staff member trying to defend his attempts to defraud a valuable member of the cryptocurrency community:
[Josh Garza posing as an ebay employee](
A reputable organization will not give someone like this a platform to speak even if it means lost revenue.
No side of anything Josh Garza says is of any interest or benefit to anyone.
@_date: 2015-01-07 06:42:07
@   ... how does bitcoin attract all these clowns.
@_date: 2015-01-10 21:11:18
lol ... his answers are obvious to anyone that has ANY understanding of basic security.  If you have entered a conversation without that knowledge, it's on you.
He has no obligation to explain anything to you or anyone that should not have to be explained.
@_date: 2015-01-02 20:44:13
@_date: 2015-01-02 20:19:42
I don't think you understand how boycotts work.
The goal of a boycott is to sway the target from a particular action.  
In this case greed is preventing the organizers from doing the right thing.  Its their fault if the conference is under threat.
Your post should have been calling out the greedy conference organizers, but instead, it seems like you want this type of fraud to continue... Or perhaps you gain from it.
@_date: 2015-01-27 10:26:45
As price went up ... miners held as many coins as they could, only cashing out what they needed to pay electricity/rent.
With price going up, how could you lose ... every machine you purchased would make you rich.
I used to mine xx coins a day.  During that time period, if you were clueless, why wouldn't you sink tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands or even millions into mining ... you'd be rich.
Only it doesn't work that way.  And all the coins that speculative miners were holding needed to be cashed out quick to pay bills.
I've been mining since year 1, I've seen these exact same cycles come and go ... the only difference was the increase in magnitude due to the transition from FPGA to ASIC and the exponential increase in clueless miners thanks to the media attention in November.
You saw the miners unload again after 300 was broken.
@_date: 2015-01-02 20:07:38
It is the way to do it.  You are just as complicit by using your name to defend him.
You are supporting the pathetic stance of the organizers to pocket money that has been stolen from others.
That makes you all accomplices.
Garza is not a "controversial speaker" as you ignorantly claim.
A " controversial speaker" while having a differing view from the mainstream, would still have something of merit to add to the conversation.
Garza is neither of these.  He is a stain on cryptocurrency that is only propped up by fools and ignorant sycophants.
I'm sorry, but today you are one of those.
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:02:20
This "power" you're speaking of relates more to miners than to actual trading.
The source of the large sell-offs that are occurring are the speculative miners that invested too much too fast.  They're losing their shirts and will continue to do so for the next month or so.
This is our 2008.  Just like the greedy bankers, a lot of miners got too greedy and didn't understand the effects of rapid changes in difficulty and drastic price drops.
They didn't do realistic ROI calculations and just kept snatching up new miners that were only paid for on paper by the price increase, when in reality none of their miners had truly ROI'd.
I blame most of this on the ALTcoins like Dogecoin.  They created a speculative frenzy that carried over to Bitcoin(tech/financially clueless people purchasing miners).
If you look at Dogecoin, you had people with no clue about cryptocurrency snatching up $5k-$15k gpu rigs.  Then dropping similarly obscene amounts of money for ALTcoin ASICS.
And of course everyone wants to the blame the mining companies instead of looking in the mirror to find the real cause.
@_date: 2015-01-02 12:48:52
These conferences aren't for the good of Bitcoin.
They're designed to line the pockets of the organizers.  Just add up the attendance fees and the sponsorship fees. 
Moe Levin's response just goes even further to prove this.
I mean, come on.  Josh went so far as to pose as an ebay staff member trying to defend his attempts to defraud a valuable member of the cryptocurrency community:
[Josh Garza posing as an ebay employee](
A reputable organization will not give someone like this a platform to speak even if it means lost revenue.
No side of anything Josh Garza says is of any interest or benefit to anyone.
@_date: 2014-03-08 05:21:58
A pair of genealogists were unable to eliminate him as the potential creator of Bitcoin???
Sure, that makes sense.
