@_author: btcvc
@_date: 2012-05-22 07:41:42
Our general mailing list has a few hundred subcribers. We have a relationship with a group of about a dozen investors that I would say are serious about various projects.  
@_date: 2012-05-22 06:45:29
I would agree with that. I run Bitcoin Venture Capital and while I've had numerous responses from people on both sides of the aisle, I've yet to facilitate anything other than small piecework programming jobs. 
Still it might be worth checking out OP I can always run your startup idea by the people who have asked to be on the mailing list for these things.
@_date: 2011-06-24 03:28:36
One of the startups submitted to our Bitcoin venture capital firm is 
"A p2p client that allows traders to post buy and sell offers without relying on central servers. Each trader has a pseudonymous identity that is pgp secured, with which other traders can associate a rating. These ratings can be used to construct a decentralized trust metric, as demonstrated in the work of Raph Levien. BitTrader may not offer latency sufficient for a financial market, a better comparison would be to ebay. There will be many possibilities to offer services in the network, ranging from arbitration, certification and escrow to provision of guaranteed storage and bandwidth for posted offers. Developers and investors will hopefully not be seen as liable for any illegal trading activity that will inevitably happen on the network."
We've already had a couple of investors reach out to us who are interested in funding something like this, so we're always willing to find competing offers. 
@_date: 2011-09-10 09:36:29
We've been working hard to broker deals with software developers who will  hold the BTC as an investment instead of just dumping it onto the market. Unfortunately we're having a very hard time getting investors to commit to any significant funding due to the currency fluctation. Conversely, the developers want to renegotiate their rates on a regular basis to match the current value. 
