@_author: btcwar
@_date: 2014-11-06 01:42:15
The steps are to enhance windows security in general. 
If you intend to hold small amounts for use, and the risk is acceptable of having less security, you can bypass any of the steps. In this case, they are optional. You do not need to use them.
If you decide on that route, I do recommend just one thing: get sandboxie at  This is general security for any web browsing. If you surf the web everyday, use this free tool. It's very easy to install and use.
A sandboxed browser or running a browser in sandbox mode will offer greater protection against malicious ads, drive-by-downloads, etc.
However, to download and move something out of sandox does require a little bit of reading. I recommend everyone, using windows, learn how to use it.
@_date: 2014-10-28 03:18:29
Think of it as a communications protocol. An advancement in cryptography, practically applicable through technology.
Before the internet, people could not communicate the way we do now. People could not conduct business the way we do now. Machines could not communicate the way they do now. These problems, of which most people were not aware, was solved by TCP/IP and dramatically improved their lives. TCP/IP is a communications protocol.
Before asymmetric cryptography (public-private keys), internet communication was generally conducted and available for anyone to see. Political activists, sensitive banking data, military and intelligence correspondence, hospital records, etc - all that you couldn't do effectively under plain old TCP/IP. SSL, a form of public-private key, is a communications protocol. Not perfect, but good enough to use. It solved enough problems that it allows us our modern e-commerce and online transactions. (imagine if a bank had to physically meet and exchange a unique key with each unique individual which would be exponentially prohibitive; public-private key through the internet makes those transactions feasible)
Money can be viewed as a communications protocol, as an "we agree to use this thing as a medium of exchange". It can be salt, dirt, labor, future promises, cellphone minutes. Whatever we agree to as currency.
Bitcoin builds on all these other communications protocol.
On the internet. If you can make infinite copies of something, you can't store value into it because infinite value is unusable as a unit of measurement. Currency has to be measurable. Bitcoin has the property of being very measurable in relation to other things, because the initial creation set a defined, fixed amount of 21million. This is one property of many. And this ledger, increasingly towards 21m, is distributed and synced by participants. You can't really make your own copy that would be accepted by other participants..
A few more properties of bitcoin: teleportation, decensored (if government doesn't like watchdog agencies criticizing or exposing high-level corruptions, they can block funding, through traditional currencies, of those agencies), global, age-restrictless, mathematically structured.
@_date: 2014-11-12 23:09:42
Wait and see. Elon Musk, google, and  mini-satellites world-coverage.
EDIT: Just saw someone else already mentioned this.
@_date: 2014-11-02 16:40:16
What are these "tons of better things out there to invest in and actually make money with?" I have a limited understanding of investing. 
Feel free to correct and add to my knowledge. Also, I suck at articulating this, but I'll try. 
What I perceive is: high risk, high reward. Also, I have an 80-90% subjective confidence in btc, and act according to that confidence.
Belief in the technology: at least 51% confidence. The belief arises from the math and empirical evaluation of the system.
Index funds are safer and have historically averaged positive returns. In a way, I draw a parallel between index funds and the bitcoin space. I am not investing in any one company, but bitcoin itself. There are rising numbers of companies establishing into bitcoin, as well as increasing education, awareness, consumer and merchant adoption, and the ever-evolution of bitcoin. I don't have to trust any one individual or startup with my investment. If one fails, they are removed from the space. I don't lose my privately stored btc with them. If the whole system fails, if the math fails, if the structure can't survive or evolve against a parasitic host attempting, with roots of antiquated regulation, to strangle new innovative growth, then my btc may become worthless but I'll still own them as a unit of account. Ownership of resilient investment: at least 25% confidence.
btw, you seem like a reincarnation of nobodybelievesu
  
@_date: 2014-11-03 16:15:41
Because they don't yet understand it, don't yet see the value of it, don't know how it can affect them, and are afraid of losing their hard-earned money. We have to respect that. At the same time, we educate those who seek and ask, we keep building the infrastructure that will offer solutions to what can't be found in the current system.
It is still very hard for most people to grasp the concept of algorithmically-created, decentralized money which transcends the traditional meaning and usage of money.
Awareness takes time to filter through a population. How much time is unpredictable to say. And even then, there will be resistance, as there is now, but we also hope there will be greater acceptability.
@_date: 2014-11-02 17:04:31
A couple examples: 
-the feasibility of achieving network consensus
-a transparent, public ledger very resilient against degradation and corruption of account
@_date: 2014-10-31 00:53:02
About 4:30 in
@_date: 2014-11-04 01:18:12
Check with a tax attorney or accountant.
With certain investments, if you sell or withdraw into cash, you have a probationary period to re-invest that amount before it's subject to capital gains. So buying bitcoin, selling bitcoin, then re-buying may fall into this category. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 00:38:16
Might be possible with stenography.
@_date: 2014-11-06 00:47:54
Or, if feasible, buy a cheap windows 7 or 8.1 laptop/tablet. Don't download anything other than a wallet from the official site. Use internet only to make purchases (such as from coinbase) and to send btc between wallets.
Store most or all of your btc offline, such as on fresh, formatted usbs (create wallets on usb, in encrypted containers). Don't plug these usb drives to any other device. 
If you want a little more security, you can disable unnecessary services through services.msc, unnecessary tasks in Task Scheduler (you can disable at least 90% of scheduled tasks), and all inbound and outbound rules in windows firewall advanced configuration. You will still be able to get onto the internet just fine.  
If your windows device comes with bloatware, you can clean it up with portable ccleaner. I recommend you have a system image before you clean and after. You should have around 24-30 running processes on a basic, cleaned OS.
Personally, I don't use AV software, but I have extensive configurations and layers of security set up.
@_date: 2014-11-03 17:06:26
It's really hard to say.
It may hinge on how essential it becomes. In the U.S., having a vehicle and being able to drive is essential for most people to get to work, etc. Having internet is essential to finding work, etc. You don't have to understand the technical details on how these technologies work, but you train yourself on how to use them because of how essential they are in your life. Not a necessity, but essential to how you want to live in society. 
Now, you have the option of essentially being your own bank. If you chose that option, it's prudent to train yourself on how to secure it or seek consultation. You don't need to understand cryptography to train yourself on how to secure it. People accept doctor's diagnosis, when they should get second or third opinions. People accept financial advisors' consultations when they should avoid them. If people deem it essential enough, perhaps third world countries that have cellphones and bury their money, they may have the incentive to learn basic security, such as having one device solely for buying and storing bitcoin, sending bitcoin to another device for usage, password encryption, external backups, etc. If you accept the bitcoin network is sound and you deem it essential enough in your life, there are only a few steps to train on to secure bitcoin, much easier than learning how to drive. 