@_author: btcwinnersclub
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:13:16
People in rural Filipino villages that are receiving remittances are far more likely to be living hand-to-mouth.  I doubt they would want to spend any of their money on that website.
@_date: 2014-03-23 22:00:09
I like your ideals, but having the rich close their bank accounts and turn to bitcoin is years (if even then) away from being a reality.
And until the poorer people can actually use bitcoins, it doesn't matter if the exchanges actually paid them to change their bitcoins--- they still have no use for them.  There is not currently an option for them to change bitcoins for their local currency, like Western Union does.  Western Union works for them so they use it.
I share your ideas and hope that bitcoin will facilitate some changes in the future, but its unrealistic for this to happen anytime soon.
@_date: 2014-03-24 22:52:26
Feel free to tell me what I keep misinterpreting.  For anyone reading this thread, know that as of today, March 24, 2014 there is practically no use for a working lower class person in the Philippines.  The average Filipino doesn't have access to any online exchange, nor any brick and mortar exchange.  They cannot spend the money on anything of actual value to them AS OF TODAY.  Maybe, and hopefully that will change in the years to come, but TODAY IT IS NOWHERE NEAR REALISTIC.
The same goes for these wealthy elite.  As of today, March 24, 2014 the wealthy Filipino elite are not using Western Union to transfer their funds as this poster is saying.  They have bank accounts and they are not closing them anytime soon!  To believe that there is some movement going on TODAY proves that you are living in the clouds.
Like I said, I agree with your end vision, and I'm plenty invested in bitcoin for the long term, but what the Western Union CEO was absolutely correct.  Your criticism was just wishful bitcoin thinking.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:23:17
This post is really off-base about what is actually happening in third world countries.
Upper class Filipinos are rarely using Western Union for one.  They have bank accounts and are capable of making the standard bank wires etc.  Its the lower class, the ones that have sent family out to other cities/countries to earn money to send back, that are using Western Union.
People in rural villages in third world countries likely dont even have computers.  They want cash in their hands so they can pay for food and other necessities.  Most are living hand-to-mouth.  If you think it will be common to be cashing out via an online exchange, or some localbitcoins tx with some rich filipino, you're dreaming.  
They need something as simple as western union.  What usually happens is one or two businesses in an area become approved for WU transactions and the poor people receiving money just need to go to the establishment, and they will receive their money in the local currency.  Sure, they charge a pretty high percent, but at the end of the day it's really simple.
Source: I've spent time living way out in the boonies in a similar 3rd world country.
@_date: 2015-04-07 05:49:18
That would be awesome.
Or what about making a sticker or stencil for graffiti?  Would be really cheap too.
@_date: 2015-04-11 05:43:24
5% is for all payments.
It's their business model.
@_date: 2015-03-29 02:37:39
Holy shit, I read your response and was content and not going to respond, but I just checked your posting history.  I'm regretting even interacting with you.  A sincere "go fuck yourself" and your racist beliefs.
@_date: 2015-03-23 00:50:42
Inflation is irrelevent to the point you're making (and if you do wanna have it - bitcoins are expected to increase ~10% in supply from right now until a year from now, surpassing USD inflation.)
Coinbase loves to charge me fees when I buy or sell bitcoin.  Maybe you only see .0001btc being the fee to send bitcoin, but I know that I have to pay 1% every time I use coinbase, since I don't actually get paid in bitcoin.  Using bitcoin is not without fees.
More and more cc are waiving fees for international transactions, too.  It's not there yet, but this gap is closing for cc.
@_date: 2015-03-28 06:24:12
It's not underground right now.  It will be underground if you force obfuscation on all transactions.  No government will let that fly legally.  I did not word my first response correctly.
@_date: 2015-03-29 02:23:29
Hell yeah!  Remittance is one of the coolest use-cases for bitcoin.
I'm curious... how long do you hold your coins when you're sending a remittance?  Do you always cash them out?
@_date: 2015-03-30 06:29:03
In a lot of remittance cases, intermediaries charge enormous fees and utilizing bitcoin as an intermediary saves money.  I actually use this myself to save time and money on some transfers.
@_date: 2015-03-28 05:46:56
you're arguing with a guy about what's going to happen when the entire financial system crashes down.  if and when that happens bitcoins might become valuable, although i'd think supplies and guns might be a bit more.
@_date: 2015-03-29 09:19:20
Brainwashed into thinking that all races are inherently equal?  Did you choose your parents?  I don't remember choosing.  Every human one day just woke up with consciousness.  You just as easily could have been born in Africa, Brazil, or India just as much as Mississippi or wherever you must be from.
I watched the first and third videos because I figured why not hear you out (sorry I don't have time for a 45 minutes racist video right now)
In the first video the guy talks about families in Africa having large numbers of children.  Do you really think they are doing this in order to suppress whites?  Like, you actually think they contemplate this when having families?
Africa has so many children per household because 1) they don't have the money for good education, including sex education 2) they often don't have the money for proper birth control anyway 3) They also live in more agrarian societes, which have always favored having large numbers of children around to help out with the work.  This includes whites.  I have white ancestry and both of my grandparents came from families of 8+ children.  This was completely common back in the day (and still today in more rural/agrarian societies) for whites, blacks, asians, native americans, everybody.  As education improved and people stopped living on farms, people started having less and less children.
Here is some reading for you.  Start at where it's bookmarked and read at least a couple pages.  It's only maybe 5 minutes of reading.
His second point about the Korean English teacher not having perfect English is ridiculous.  So she speaks with an accent?  She learned English late into her life after she already learned and spoke a completely different language for her entire life!  If you tried to learn a different language, I guarantee that your accent would be worse than hers.  I have taught English in multiple developing countries and speak more languages than just English.  It is not easy to just learn a language when you're 18+ and be able to speak it perfectly without an accent.  I have lived in Spanish speaking countries for the past 4 years and have spoken Spanish nearly every day, but I still have an accent worse than hers!  And I honestly make an effort to improve.  I'm going to take a guess and say you only speak English.
The jew video is was my favorite.  It didn't try to tie any logic to the accusations.  It merely just showed people jewish people that were in powerful jobs and positions.  And then somehow this makes them evil because they are in high places?  Could it be because the Jewish community highly values education and being logical?  Or being financially responsible?  Or having very strong community and network bonds?  Could those very very positive traits have helped them reach their positions of power?  This is also overlooking the fact that I could copy and paste thousands of US senators, CEOs, etc that are white males.  Why don't you use the same logic and think that Bill Gates or George Bush are equally as evil?  
It's still a sincere "go fuck yourself" and I hope that you can step outside of yourself and empathize with someone outside of your exact culture.  Try to actually imagine what it would be like to be born in a different place.  What your education would be like, what your quality of life would be like, etc.
Also, please don't leave the US.  You are an embarrassment to the country and I do not want people from other nations to see that some people are still this way here.
@_date: 2015-03-28 05:53:34
it's almost like these guys are trying to create and apples-to-oranges fear mongering campaign.  as we've seen with modern day financial maneuvering, the chances of a bank run on an equal scale to the great depression happening in the next 1 or 2 years is incredibly incredibly small, yet they will have you believe that it's right around the corner.  FDIC falling through on all banks?  Yeah, that's likely.  And it's also the day that the entire country wakes up and adopts bitcoin instead of freaking the **** out.
i mean, he even topped you off with a 1984 analogy.  take out your notebook this guy knows his stuff.
@_date: 2015-03-29 02:13:55
Imagine a stock that forced some holders to sell 3600 shares at market price every single day.  There is a fixed and certain selling pressure on BTC every day.  And it's not a small amount.
@_date: 2015-03-28 05:57:45
good luck taking your underground currency to the mainstream!
@_date: 2015-03-28 05:42:38
so you're happy about giving away free perks?  why do you think other people would think the same?
my perks add up to a nice 4 digit amount each year.  why would a rational person choose any less?
@_date: 2015-03-28 06:45:41
Hey, I would love to see it happen as much as you.  And I didn't consider bitcoin putting it in after it has already become accepted, that is actually a decent idea.
But with how much authority the big governments want to peer over our property in search of "terrorists", drugs, national security threats, etc, do you really think that they're going to let that fly?  They're just going to shrug their shoulders and say, "well, what can we do?" and let it be?  
They will have reform laws written up in a heartbeat.
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:52:18
Ok, so basically bitcoin either needs high transaction fees or it NEEDS to be adopted as a major world wide payment system.
I don't like the look of that.  You're making a bet on worldwide bitcoin adoption basically. 
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:24:12
Dude, thanks for writing out a well-thought-out response!  It's nice to actually have a conversation :)  I promise I'm not just a bear troll.  I own some BTC and truly enjoy using it (it helps me out a lot currently for transferring money).  But I enjoy talking about the issues I see bitcoin facing that bulls normally ignore, like the largely inflating money supply (currently).  Most just scream deflationary without really thinking.
I would still argue that the 1% that Coinbase charges is only a small function of any bank fees.  It is more likely a function of their total operating costs, plus some margin because, hey, they are a business and need to make profit too.  I think it's a little disingenuous to try to push that 1% charge for the on/off ramp completely on the banks.  Coinbase isn't a saint.
I'll give you some room for speculation on the current value being $250--&gt;$500, but I don't follow your logic on how when the reward halves that bitcoins will double in price?  I personally think that just means that network security will halve, because now miners are being compensated ~50% of what they were being paid before the halving.  How do you figure that will affect the trading price?
I'd also argue that remittances even becoming pretty popular would have a minimal effect on price, since bitcoins aren't really being demanded in ex a USD &gt; BTC &gt; EUR transaction.  Bitcoins are being sold for EUR in an equal amount to the bitcoins being bought with USD.  The only true increase in bitcoins bought with fiat and held would be from exchanges that have to hold BTC to facilitate these transfers (we can speculate how much that would be)
Anyway, I am enjoying the exchange, and thanks for straightening me out regarding conflating the different types of inflation.  I wouldn't mind continuing the conversation.
@_date: 2015-03-26 18:29:19


Sorry, just seeing this a few days later.
Bitcoin's inflation will be &gt; than USD inflation for more than just the next year.  Start doing the math on the halving.  At some point, you're right, inflation will trend toward zero (the caveat with bitcoin still being around in 2030-2040)
Coinbase charges me fees to buy and sell, not my bank.  Not sure where you got that idea.
Your entire 3rd and 4th paragraphs are purely speculation.  I'm not saying the Mt. Gox fiasco didn't artificially inflate the price up to $1200, but you use words like, "-when- it finally reaches a stable 1200" and "it is going to incrementally continue to climb."
You're just making very bold statements as fact on faith.
"No one is going to want to hold money that goes down in value when they can easily exchange to money that goes up.""
well, duh.
@_date: 2015-03-28 07:02:20
Hey, I was wrong re: the inflation of USD.  You are correct on that.  
My numbers on BTC don't lie.  You're still paying a 10% share of your bitcoins this year to miners. 9% next year, then 4%... all those figures are still true.  
Coinbase charges fees because it's in their business model.  You are trolling me because you present no sources for anything.  Show me how Coinbase is basing their fee on my bank's fees?  Show me some logic on a $1200 coin. 
And I know nobody is looking at it.  That's why all my responses have been directed at you.  You keep replying too because we are having a conversation.  Although I don't know why you are using insults instead of arguments.
@_date: 2015-03-28 06:18:46
sigh I know you're just trolling effortlessly because you know you're wrong, but I'll go ahead and show you how wrong you are anyway.  
Bitcoin inflation:
Shows 10% for 2015, 9.09% for 2016, 4.17% for 2017, 4.00% for 2018, and so on.  
USD inflation:
Currently sitting in the 1-2% range.
How does it feel to be holding an asset that inflates at 5x the percent of USD daily?  And it will most likely be &gt; USD inflation until 2021.  You can't change this either, it is on a schedule.
They post directly saying it's a 1% fee to buy or sell bitcoin.  Nothing to do with the bank.
Again, I know you're half-assedly trolling me and you're probably pretty young.  But read what I wrote and seriously sit down and think about what's going on here, and how much blind faith you're relying on.  I'm not trying to attack you or anyone but rather trying to get some actual objective facts out there.
@_date: 2015-03-29 03:01:00
Supply is not going to halve.  The rate of increase of supply is going to halve.  
There are still going to be new bitcoins printed every day.
@_date: 2015-03-29 08:17:15
Sorry, I misread you then :)  I should have been more careful.