@_author: btcyoda
@_date: 2019-07-01 16:50:09
Most agree the action was rather wild.
But for each such post were someone sold close to the actual top, there are hundreds if not thousands of people who sold too soon.
And now the next challenge pops up, when to buy?
Again we will see a post of someone that will nail it rather good.
And again there will be hundreds or even thousands that are not even close to that right moment and a lot will miss it completely and FOMO back in a higher prices.
By this time you have to multiply these mentioned chances to be right and still only have just one successful trade, if you were not cashing out.
Trading is hard, very hard to do well.
Bitcoin is volatile as hell who needs even more excitement or risk than just buy or accumulate, DCA, and hodl?
For most of us trading will mean getting burned.
@_date: 2019-07-21 11:20:41
Wouldn't you love to go to the left a few years and load up?
@_date: 2019-07-19 19:23:08
Most will recognize this scene, if with family, friends or colleagues, doesn't matter.
Please take some things into account:
A lot of people do not really understand what money or a currency is.
Although they use it every day, they never really thought it over:
What gives something value, how do people agree on the value.
What gives money or a currency value, why do we exchange it for services, goods or store it.
How did our currencies evolve, how is the supply controlled and by whom and why did the money disappeared.
What are the consequences of the used money supply (and what are ALL effects of inflation)
How does fiduciary money works.
What does it mean we have a debt based system.
Who gains and how from current system.
What does it mean if you borrow money, how is that money created and what are the true costs for the borrower.
If they could answer these questions you wouldn't have to explain anything anymore.
I long wondered why these things are not fully covered in our educational system.
You shouldn't try to change or convince them just try to educate them, without acting like an educator of course!
The biggest burden is getting people to think about these things iso just believing it works fine.
We all have put a lot of faith in the current system, we get pait for our work in it, we pay all our stuff and for services with it, we save it and we borrow it to buy a house.
So thinking about it and questioning it, is putting all those things at risk, all that faith it's a sane, safe or trustworthy system is at risk.
Not many people are willing to admit they could be wrong about something so fundamentally woven into our daily lives.
And how hard can something as easy as money be?
Thats often one of the reasons you will be ridiculed if you hint something could be wrong or something could be better.
It's never easy to admit you could be completely wrong or being fooled.
Money is about trust and believe, most people are very hardened in those believes because they think it's their own choice, thoughts and it's so damn hard to admit one was wrong.
A lot of people are so convinced they simply refuse to look at possible alternatives or invest the possibility they are wrong.
I do remember when I began discovering how the system worked it took some time to recover. 
Banks and governments are very much related. They need each other to work in the current system. Banks give governments cheap money and the governments give those banks the solely right to supply the money and protects them. The governments forces the people to use that money because it's the only money they accept to pay taxes. And the governments have the monopoly on aggression to enforce you to comply.
Once you see the system for what it is you start to feel quite lonely.
I'm I the only one who sees this?
Why does everyone comply?
Why is everyone fine with the government taking most of their income by taxing them into oblivion?
How is it possible our parents could pay for a big family on just one wage.
While now both parents have to work while having way better jobs and way better education and productivity went through the roof?
Why does everyone except most of our productivity gains over the last millennium is going to just a few and most normal people hardly gained anything?
When I turned 18 I thought I new it all and was grown up.
When turning 21 I realized at 18 I wasn't there yet, but now I was.
At 30 I realized I didn't new all but finally was making money to live the way it should be.
When getting my first kid I just hoped I was wise enough to be a decent parent.
When turning 40 I started to realize I knew just a little.
When turning 45 I finally dared to admit how ignorant I had been, and was finally underway of catching up.
When turning 50 I had learned a lot, was completely out of debt except for the house where I choose for it because of taxing advantage, and was quickly getting into the positive balance position.
I now hope at 60 to be financially independent and be able to live again as when I was 20ish; free to do what I want and not being ripped by taxation burdens and on top of that have the kids standing on their own feed with most of the knowledge I finally had turning 50.
Yes for some part I'm betting on Bitcoin to support this freedom and hopefully give me and my kids some additional financial room to live not to bad....
@_date: 2019-07-05 16:26:13
Most of the time because the government forces them to do so.
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:33:01
If you could predict every 10% or bigger move correctly you wil be rich within a few years.
There might be some who get away with it pretty well, most can't, not even close, read they lose most of their money trying.
The Hodl meme might be getting bored it is still standing strong and for a very good reason.
If you can't resist try it with 10% of your holdings and if you are really good at it you soon will have more with the trading than your other original 90%, so you still wouldn't have to touch that.
If you're not good you will only lose, at max 10% and have learned your lesson.
The biggest problem will be sticking to only that 10% and it won't be because it is going that great.
You have been warned.
Anyway good luck!
@_date: 2019-07-06 08:15:14
I'm a bit disappointed as well, but I would differentiate a bit...
The Ledger HW is still as secure as ever, no real issues known.
Since I bought the first one I treated it on purpose as if I had a lot of money in it.
So I was very reluctant with firmware upgrades etc.
This proved to be the right mindset after the first reports of upgrade troubles.
So i was just patient and waited for solutions before upgrading and not doing so before understanding the sequence needed. I even bought a second s to make a working backup before upgrading!
If you want to be your own bank you better take it seriously.
So when their new interface came out I was even more suspicious.
I installed a fresh unix version, installed that SW, needed to be able to upgrade to the newest fw, and quickly decided that after upgrading the fw I would not use that, ledger live, for a while.
I'm still not using it, no trust in it.
I have my wallets running on the latest fw now and they do fine, upgrading is a bit scary but it worked without real problems, after waiting for weeks to read all issues, understanding the needed sequence etc.
But the hw is doing what I bought it for, I'm using the old chrome app that is not supported any more unfortunately.
For these reasons I also didn't upgrade to the x, it looks nice but can't take any risks if not needed.
I still hope Legder turns around for the better, but to be honest I see a trend that is not changing.
The hw, from a safety point of view, still seems fine the sw should be handled with a lot of distrust.
@_date: 2019-07-14 12:02:53
Imagine the dollar would be deflationary.
Whould you not eat this week because you could eat just a bit more next week for the same amount of current dollars?
(Ever tried not to eat for a week?)
So although it is possible some things would be postponed from buying other things won't be affected a lot.
The next question is do we want or need to be forced to buy stuff by the punishment if you don't right now your buying power will decrease?
Is economic growth the highest goal we should strive for?
A balance needs and will be found.
The deflationary force caused by a limited supply seems to me a more sane and natural factor than the inflationary force that is not natural and depending on the policy of some vague party.
If you dive into the effects of this inflationary force and who benefits the most of it some things become quite clear.
Yes a high level of deflation causes hodling, the same goes for a high level of inflation that forces spending.
But just ask what you would prefer, the luxury that you can choose to spend your money later while having more buying power by then, or being triggered to spend your money as soon as possible by the punishment that you will loose buying power while you hold on to your money, also called saving.
The next reason Bitcoin is hodled is because there are alternatives, the one you unfortunately get paid in, that do loose value over time.
So it's obvious some prefer Bitcoin at this moment over Dollars....
The most wealth growth overall, ever, occurred in the period when we had sound money.
Just some things to consider.
@_date: 2019-07-14 15:06:24
Thanks for bringing up the nuance!
I  think value is a rather complex and subject where most will get burned.
Usually I try to avoid it all together but it can be a very interesting topic at the same time.
Most value fiat, and in practice that's backed by the fact you can exchange it for goods and services.
But most completely overlook the fact that it is forced upon us and that's why it's being used and has anything as a value.
Back in the days it was backed by gold, you could go to the bank and exchange your fiat notes for gold.
At this moment you can still exchange your notes for gold at some places but don't try that at a central bank/issuer.
Some can get away by it, but there simply isn't enough gold if too many would try....
A fiat bank note is just a piece of paper that states that someone, not defined, owes you an specified amount. And the issuer of that note is in no way able or has no obligation what so ever to give you anything of value in return for that note.
If you just let this sink in and don't get some strange ideas or a lot of questions, you have knowledge I do not have.
The fact that most love these notes and even would like to own as much as they can is stunning.
I'm at the opposite site, I want to own as little as possible of it, and that goes for both physical as a vague number of it supposed to be in a bank or account.
That doesn't mean I have none, I try to have as less as possible but I still need it for a lot of things although slowly that is decreasing.
Intrinsic value is so vague to me I avoid it as the plague.
It's probably the most vague concept humans have come up with.
I understand there is a need for such a thing but how to realize it is something else.
Value, being a manmade concept is depending on who you speak to and time and place and what is abundant available and what is not, is allready hard to agree upon.
So intrinsic value is even worse.
To be honest it took me quite some time to realize how vague these concepts where all together.
We are so indoctrinated and our lives are so dependent on money, it's hard to accept a lot of it is based on very vague things.
Only when we let go our blind belief in what we are being told we can start thinking independently.
But only then you can make choices or question what is being told.
Realizing what is at stake, for both us as users and those issuing or controlling it,
I'm not surprised it is heavy manipulated and covered in smoke.
We are fighting an enormous amount of normal bias and believe.
And an immense wealthy monster that is controlling it.
Nevertheless Bitcoin is finally giving us a tool to fight it.
@_date: 2019-07-14 11:37:45
My point is they do declare stuff illegal and some of those are at least debatable..
And related to Bitcoin it's not declared illegal, at this moment, but it's clearly being discouraged.
Look at recent comments from Trump, look at the stance of the fed, look at  the actions banks take like OP mentioned.
Why don't banks treat Bitcoin like any other currency?
Why are you ok if Bitcoin would have been declared illegal?
@_date: 2019-07-14 10:26:47
I think you're on to something young padawan.
Banks and government can restrict you from what you can do with your money since the very first beginning, they only have to label you like a terrorist and its a done deal, it is up to you from that point to prove otherwise.
Please check that as soon as you give your money to the bank it's by law not even yours anymore.
I could even tell you what fiat is excactly but I am afraid at this moment you simply won't believe me....
The bank indeed doesn't want you to gamble with their money, but simply because they have the right to gamble with your money and have nothing at stake, if they fail your, future, money will be used to bail them out.
Please do some more homework you're so close.
It's in no way going to be fun to find out how you are being screwed, but at least now there is something called Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-21 08:46:53
Thanks NY State, for just underwriting the "Not your key, not your Bitcoin" meme.
It's just another good reason not to leave your coins on exchanges.
(I'm not ruling out the NY State doesn't understand the concept "not your key not your Bitcoin" themselves)
@_date: 2019-07-11 17:47:47
Buying: as long/much as you are willing to lose.
Selling: as little as possible, think of it as your life savings, you want to be able live of it.
Trading is a profession, don't do it if you are not one, you just will be paying others with your mistakes.
@_date: 2019-07-16 18:50:26
These are your interpretations. And your opinions.
I have mine.
The biggest problem I see is that you talk a lot about the good and the bad.
And the one deciding on what is good and bad is in this case the US.
I have seen how their opinion on what and who is good or bad can change rapidly.
Especially if it is concerned about what currency one uses and if you 'agree' with the US or not.
Most of the time I interpreted its stance and actions as that of a bully.
If Bitcoin is linked to national security issues I think where we are going to.
Doesn't mean it's a done fact, but preparing for that possible outcome can't hurt much either?
I remember what they did to gold, for Bitcoin that will be even harder to do, but I have no doubt that will stop them from trying.
@_date: 2019-07-07 15:34:37
Earlier this year, Christine Lagarde, who has just been nominated to replace Mario Draghi as president of the European Central Bank (ECB), warned that cryptocurrencies are "shaking the system"—something that could signal a change in the ECB's approach to bitcoin and crypto and potentially spur adoption.
bitcoin, bitcoin price, christine lagarde, ecb, image
International Monetary Fund managing director Christine Lagarde has been nominated to take over from European Central Bank boss Mario Draghi—and her attitude towards bitcoin and cryptocurrencies could be important. GETTY
"I think the role of the disruptors and anything that is using distributed ledger technology, whether you call it crypto, assets, currencies, or whatever ... that is clearly shaking the system," the 63-year-old Lagarde told CNBC in April.
"We don’t want to shake the system so much that we would lose the stability that is needed," she added.
Well she isn't lying...
She only does not tell why she is bothered if Bitcoin would shake the system, or if Bitcoin would cause it to lose the needed stability.
First she is paid by the current system.
The second reason could be that Bitcoin can't be abused by siphoning wealth away as can be done with the current system.
The third reason would be that if the current system can't be used to siphon wealth away they will lose most their power rapidly.
Guess what, they know that more and more people are starting to notice these things.
Something tells me they haven't given up by a long shot.
One way or the other this is going to be EPIC.
@_date: 2019-07-16 18:28:51
Am I wrong with any of these quotes?:
“Bitcoin is highly volatile and based on thin air,”
“We are concerned about the speculative nature of bitcoin and iwill make sure that the U.S. financial system is protected from fraud," ominously adding that cryptos are used by "money launderers, terrorist financiers, and various bad actors."
"Treasury has very serious concerns over [Facebook's] Libra."
"This is indeed a national security issue,”
"We will not allow digital asset service providers to operate in the shadows.”
"Crypto investors should be careful."
@_date: 2019-07-14 10:11:50
Excactly, don't forget this is not something done by a government or a bank with endless resources to throw at it.
It's a bottom up movement that is challenging governments and banks.
No matter how you look at it, we did beyond any sane expectation so far.
I wonder if we are beyond the point of no return yet but if anything we are damn close to it.
@_date: 2019-07-06 09:04:29
Thanks for posting this!
If I'm allowed...:
"Far from reality of the economics"
You do know it's just a religion, a buch of theories, that some people think they can control the global economy, how people act, do with their money, simply by setting interest rates and increasing or lowering the money supply?
(Not to mention playing some psychological games and trying to steer it just by making some announcements)
And I guess there is just one agreed upon view?
"Debt denominated in USD is backed by taxes and the ability to print money."
Thats nice isn't it?
So did you ever thought about these taxes?
How did government work before we had taxes?
Please read up on when income tax started, why it stared etc.
Make it simple, if i would ask you for money you had to work for, and I promised to pay you back even with interest, but you knew I would have a printing press in my cellar, wouldn't you ask me why I would need your money and why I didn't just print it?
It that simple, ask yourself why, find out how it works.
"Contrary to this sub's belief, printing money responsibly pushes inflation to the target range which isn't a bad thing."
Do you know the FED is a private company?
What is printing money responsible?
Why are they allowed to print it and not you?
How can a private company have your interest on a higher level than theirs?
Are you sure they are God like?
Why do you think any inflation level isn't bad?
You really believe people wouldn't buy needed stuff, like food, because next week they could buy just one bread and an additional slice iso just one bread today?
Do you really think we can grow for ever, that that is the highest goal humanity has, material growth?
Yes inflation makes it easier to pay you mortgage more easy, but that same mechanism eats you savings for your pension away.
Your mortgage runs some 20-30 years, your retirement savjngs will run for some 40-60 years.
What do you think will have the biggest impact?
Nexttake the amount of money involved with your mortgage and your pension into account, which one is the biggest?
Now make some calculations, how much do you safe on your mortgage with that nice 2% inflation and how much do you lose on you pension money?
Still happy with any inflation?
"Fed role is maximum employment and steady prices which inflation targets help since deflation and stagflation are far worse than 2% inflation."
That is what is communicated.
Please look at their actions and results.
I have allready explained some effects of inflation.
Where did you get the idea that deflation is worse than inflation?
Look in history when we had the most growth in wealth and economically.
Than check what money was used and if that was inflationary or deflationary?
Or you could just keep on repeating what others say and don't find out these things that actually dominate much of your life.....
Something with a red or blue pill, I'm not saying it's going to be fun.
@_date: 2019-07-14 15:40:54
As mentioned by others your seed is not safe anymore.
I guess that's why they send three of those seed cards with it, too many mess up with their first or second attempt..
Please keep it at failing with your first attempt only!
@_date: 2019-07-14 15:19:09
Thanks great explanation, this is added to my notes I now and then use to explain things.
@_date: 2019-07-14 10:53:36
I think you are completely missing the point I try to make?
Again, yes they, government/bank, can and do,  see OP,  try to block you from buying a specific product.
And perhaps Bitcoin is not recognized in your country as illegal it is in others.
It's about the fact that government can declare things illegal or label anything as terrorist.
And that they use that power in their own or political interests and not always in the interest of the people.
Why are you ok with the fact they can declare Bitcoin illegal?
@_date: 2019-07-07 10:23:27
I think you wanted to say; why wouldn't someone want to have 1/21 millionth of the total supply of the digital gold for just $12k ?
@_date: 2019-07-07 16:04:20
Ok I will be reading your posts for that kind of money, where/how do I sign up?
@_date: 2019-07-10 18:00:41
Yes it's that easy.
You have even more easy ways to become rich like wining a jackpot.
Please keep us updated on your luck!
@_date: 2019-07-11 17:38:18
This reminds me of my time in the army.
We had a handbook with so much truth in it.
One of the chapters was talking about injuries and death.
I will never forget what was needed for a common soldier to be able to declare another soldier to be dead.
One of the requirements to get to that conclusion without reasonable doubt would be if the head was separated from the body and be at a distance of at least 3 feet from the body.
Just saying that reaching the conclusion when something is dead can be different for some people.
@_date: 2019-07-11 17:28:18
I think this will resonate well with people that are into cc for some time and have some understanding.
A lot of people out there definitely don't fall into this group.
They will look at this phenomena and think " shit this Bitcoin is expensive it won't grow much more" and will look for cheaper shitcoins in the hope to also have a crazy run.
Most of them will get burned and only then start investigating and realize what Bitcoin is and what most other coins are.
There probably will be some that will do fine for some time or even have a real long term future.
But a Bitcoin killer gets more unlikely with every day Bitcoin survives.
Bitcoin was a jump in the volution of money.
It got the time to develop, grow and gain confidence.
Most of the other coins have at best just a small  advantage over Bitcoin but simply cannot catch up with Bitcoins state.
It would take more than just a small delta it would need to be the next revolution.
This is due to the fact that a currency or store of value needs confidence and stability is one of the aspects needed for that..
Bitcoin has been able to achieve it partly thanks to its slow start and that was only possible because it was so new.
No new CC will have this window of opportunity again.
We can debate all we want about the question if Bitcoin with its known imperfections is good enough, it's still being developed btw,  or that a new competitor will take over.
But our opinions are irrelevant, in the end the market will choose.
So the only question that matters is when can we safely conclude the market has chosen?
After 10 years of experiments is it clear enough?
Will Bitcoin have to reach an even higher market capitalization?
I think we are close to the point of no one really challenging the position of Bitcoin.
The next phase will be institutional money and/or governments getting in.
Somewhere in that time frame the next parabolic rise will happen and it will be clear to see for every one.
@_date: 2019-07-07 09:44:05
Bitcoin as always is about math.
So just realize you can get your 'share' quite cheap right now.
For most of us getting much more is still a relatively small investment.
Don't wait to long, it won't get much better....
@_date: 2019-07-07 10:39:27
Unless you are stepping out, why would you do that, you also need to get the next action, buying back right.
When looking at the past yes that was a no brainer, but looking ahead........
Perhaps it's not the same as day trading, still you are trading with all risk and stress involved.
Untill now everyone who hodled long enough made extreme nice profits.
Yes such a trade would even increased your gains by a factor 2-4.
Personally I believe it will rise enough to make me some money.
From my own buying moments I know I can't proper predict price movements.
The fact you need to ask what the next top is going to be tells me you can't either...
Conclusion: dca, and just learn to be happy with what you will gain.
If BTC continues the past trend you should be, more than, fine if your timeframe is 5-10 years.
Is that too much to ask for?
@_date: 2019-07-07 09:54:11
I think your friend ain't smart.
I would bet with anyone that Bitcoin at some point in time is going to be worth both more and less than it is now.
And although I can't give a number my chances are quite high I will win both bets.
But stupid bets are made all the time so I hope you made the amount involved quite big?
@_date: 2018-09-01 18:07:52
You are absolutely right. BTC  has to improve on some expects and is by no means adopted at a sufficient rate. But I'm rather glad for that at this moment it gives me time to accumulate at low prices. The basics are right and that's the point.
So I agree on your arguments at this moment in time.
Just realize these arguments will only last for some time.
@_date: 2018-09-16 06:26:25
Bitcoin is backed by the fact it is, at this moment, the best option to be money.
And that schould be the only reason too.
Not because someone forces you to use it as is the case with most fiat.
Gold and silver are good alternatives, but in this age BTC simply is more suited.
@_date: 2018-09-20 17:56:18
Bears – roar
Bulls - moo
@_date: 2018-09-01 11:03:25
How about lightning on top of BTC.
I don't see any reason it can't be used for everyday transactions with that and coming improvements both to BTC itself and off chain.
@_date: 2018-09-01 10:41:19
TRUST is the most important basis of money.
Getting trust is hard, but getting and keeping trust is almost impossible.
There are only a few ways to do it:
1) Be honest and transparent.
It also means getting rid of human interference as much as possible cause possible gains will corrupt most etc.
2) Be dishonest and do whatever it takes to make/keep everyone 'believe' you.
This means lying, stealing, suppressing, killing, etc
3) ?
When it comes to fiat it is clear for everyone, who wants, to see the the second option is chosen.
I guess it is invented to be misused.
For as far as we know of, in the case of BTC the first option is chosen.
Some doubt this by the way so do think about it.
So back to your remark what will happen if you remove the transparency?
If you now think of the way the user is connected to the transparency of BTC, you should be able to realize some aspects are simply needed to make the first option possible.
The fact that governments/criminals etc will abuse an aspect of BTC, could/should be a reason to improve that aspect as long as it does not hamper an essential aspect of BTC.
For now it can be cumbersome to get BTC without being linked to you as person, but it can be done.
It is not a fault of BTC but the problem is government who wants to steal (tax is the nice tern they use) from you, and to be able to steal the most they steal stealthy: they invented a tax for allmost everything you do with your money. It doesn't matter if you earn, spend or save money you are taxed on it.
The banks are just in the same game, stealing money from you in every way possible up until the point you can handle, and thus we have a formidable block we are fighting against. Banks issue the money, governments enforce it, and both steal as much as possible from you.
Once you have BTC and it is not known by governments you can send it to anyone, and as long as it is not transferred back to fiat, very hard to determine ownership and thus tax some for done transaction. 
So the transparency is no problem at all, the conversion in and out of BTC, and if you do that transparent, is the problem (combined with the fact that governments want to steal from you).
All these factors combined makes BTC so interesting to us the people and is why banks and governments are 'struggling' with it so much.
It is almost impossible for them to stop it but they also realize their monopoly on fiat and the possibility to easily abuse it is threatened by it.
Once there is no need for such a conversion some taxing events will become harder and also more limited. That will lead to the remaining taxes, like income tax, much more visible and thus painful if governments wants to maintain current total tax pressure in place.
I don't see BTC solving all issues, it can't, the fact that governments will tax income and companies will report the money they pay you, also if they pay via BTC, will remain as long as the people will allow that to be done.
BTC will make it better visible and hopefully people will push back once they realize what governments take.
BTC will make it better possible to take your money everywhere. Compare it to taking PM or fiat anywhere. 
Confiscation will be harder and it will protect agaist misuse like hyperinflation, remember Cyprus, Greece, Venezuela, Zimbabwe, etc?
Banks will have to overhaul their business and lose some milk cows, they will have to go back to providing real services iso just robbery.
@_date: 2018-09-30 01:59:37
Perhaps we do not want that because it would make btc the same as all those other shit currencies out there that can be manipulated, inflated confiscated..
Btc was designed to be different so if you don't like it stay away from it, it's not like there are no other options...
@_date: 2018-09-23 06:44:00
It keeps amazing me that we are still in an very early phase should BTC eventually become a true world wide adopted form of money/store of wealth..
I should check these numbers more often and track the dollar value less....
@_date: 2019-07-21 09:26:25
Isn't Bitcoin every single second at a major decision point?
Like it could go up, down or sideways.
Lets hope I didn't got you started....
@_date: 2018-09-28 15:03:16
I knew I was just an ant, but seeing these numbers painstakingly rubs it in.....
@_date: 2018-09-23 06:55:14
The sad part is most people do not believe this is possible or will happen in their country or with their bank or account.
The same goes for haircuts, bankruns, war, hyperinflation, etc, etc.
So thanks for sharing this story, more people need to wake up.
Governments are taking care for themselves in the first place, you are only very lucky if the population comes in the second or even in the top ten place.
Banks are in the same bed, fiat is way to transfer wealth.
Start protecting yourself and family.
@_date: 2018-09-22 16:48:06
Sure, cause iso of allowing just someone, who has a chance of being evil, btc should allowed to be changed by the banking system who are proven to be evil......
Perhaps you should try to better understand what btc stands for, what the difference between fiat is, and in that light why the proposal to block some Btc from being transferred is against its basic design
@_date: 2018-09-23 06:30:28
No problem..
Just keep using the sound money?
Or you just belong to the majority?
@_date: 2018-09-29 06:28:08
So this is just the next step (I must say I think at this moment it is bold)
Now I'm only interested how far ahead they are of the crowd.
If everything goes to plan one day everything will be priced in btc.
@_date: 2018-09-23 19:01:30
Thanks for sharing, most are here to learn.
Can't imagine how you must have felt/feel.
I lost some dust, sending BTC to a Bitcoincash adress, during my first BTC experiences.
Felt so dumb when finding out what I did, I can even recover those I found out, but do not find it worth to go through the hassle.
Those first mistakes where needed to understand what I was doing.
Next step was going from bitbox to a ledger and from that moment I only added to my small stack.
I did fall for the asicvault, I think I will have to write off that gamble, I knew it all looked a bit to nice with just to little backing it all up.
So another lesson learned, pity though I won't easy put money again in another startup and that is a bad situation for other startups with good intentions.
Good luck to you.
@_date: 2018-09-22 14:48:00
We allready have a lot of systems where some central 'organization ' can do whatever they want with others people money.
Bitcoin is invented to be precisely NOT SUCH A SYSTEM!
So if you like such a system where someone just can block or take your money, can inflate it at will, where you are depending on many middle man to use it, etc etc, please just keep using these systems.
BUT PLEASE STAY THE FU.. AWAY FROM ONE OF THE FEW AVAILABLE SOUND MONEY CALLED BITCOIN !
@_date: 2018-09-28 15:05:39
Perhaps this is also an evolutionary thing?
Darwins law at work....
@_date: 2018-09-01 09:06:35
It's a very interesting article with some suspicious remarks.
"Turkish New Lira has halved in value over the past 12 months, eroding household savings and hurting export revenues of the economy"
So halving your life savings in just 12 months is called "eroding household savings" ? 
I would call that DESTROYING household savings!
We see big declines in BTC too, but long term it's in an uptrend.
The Lira, and in fact all fiat although for most the pain is just slowly starting, is in the unavoidable long term trend to zero.
I just recently realized WHY I have such a heated debates with non crypto owners: we are talking about religion in a masked way. Fiat and all forms of money can only exist because we all trust in the value and to be more precise, the constant value over time.
I realized that the trust factor makes it for most people just as emotional as other 'believes' and money has a much higher impact for everyone in everyday life than a religion has for the average believer.
Said more bluntly "most of the fiat users can be called FANATICS when it comes to the currency the use, even though it is forced upon them (stockholm syndrome anyone?).
The problem with fiat is that it is forced upon us and abused just that much that most can stand the pain (inflation, paying for bank services, taxes, etc).
We have sane alternatives, gold silver, but in the current economic landscape it is very cumbersome compared to fiat. 
But now there is BTC it has the usability of fiat without most of the downsides and it is as sane as PM.
We are on the gaining trust / adoption phase and it will be a hell of a fight if government will decide to fight it. 
But if BTC succeeds in becoming the global, reserve, currency we will look back at the 2018 top and just smile at the insignificantly of that top, just zoom out to all previous tops, they are hardly visible while at the time they happened they were just as breath taking as the last top.
@_date: 2018-09-02 11:11:26
It's clear you don't know the difference between BTC and fiat.
Instead of shouting at BTC and say you got scammed, you sould have invested some time understanding it before you blindly put money in it.
BTC doesn't protect against stupidity.
It is nothing more than sane money (well it is but that would be lost at you for sure), it's up to you how to use it.
And if the only 'problem' is that you stepped in at all times high and lost most of it by stepping out again, you just proven that you won't be missed since BTC is not about just gaining some fiat profits.
And most other forms of being scammed in BTC are even more clearly the mistake of the owner  not BTC itself.
@_date: 2018-09-22 14:55:55
Thank god, btc is specifically designed to prevent that some ......... Is able to do whatever he thinks  is good with the protocol without realizing what the fu.. he's talking about.
Working for a bank perhaps?
@_date: 2018-08-30 15:26:47
I must have misunderstood something.
I have only invested money in BTC I'm convinced of I would lose if kept in fiat.
Slowly through inflation or fast by confiscation.
And it just happened to be most of what I had.
It's volatile but just look at the long term chart, overall it's been volatile up..
So once you realize you can choose between the certainty of loosing money or a chance of making money (increase your wealth is the correct term) it makes choosing more easier.
@_date: 2018-08-31 16:19:52
Not impossible, but it is hard to imagine there would be so many weak hands.
Time frame when accumulated would also help, on a long enough time line yes it could have been done.
@_date: 2018-08-25 10:34:45
Uhmm get some patience please?
Could be you are sitting on one of the most potential 'investments' available.
Like BTC could increase value a ten fold in some years.
So it sounds to me as "I have bought a lottery ticket but if I know I would hit the jackpot is there a way I could increase that future gain by doing something smart right now?"
I hope you would agree it sounds quite greedy, to put it mildly..
So by exposing your money to BTC you're already using your money to get more money.
And I think you are on the right course.
Without increase the risks involved I wouldn't know how to increase potential gains.
@_date: 2018-08-18 13:38:19
Sorry you must have chosen the wrong forum we are here only for the tech, sound money, etc. price info is wasted on us.
@_date: 2018-05-28 16:23:50
Nervous is a big word... But I sure felt better when it was 10k, felt much better far above that...
Nevertheless it can't go only up..
@_date: 2018-05-10 18:15:19
It has to do with local laws that say's things has to be settled in yen.
Current BTC value, of BTC still in possession, is far bigger than the value of all BTC at the time of bankruptcy. The remaining BTC legally belong to the previous owner(s) of the company.
@_date: 2018-05-03 16:34:04
@_date: 2018-05-14 16:17:38
I know.
By the time others stop asking what a Satoshi is or how much that is in other currencies or by the time you are simply to scared to mention how much you have (due to increased buying power) you know the time of holding has ended and you can start enjoying spending it.
@_date: 2018-05-20 13:26:29
I partly agree, yes for mass adoption to take place the wallets we use should make these checks not needed. On the other hand in this phase I should have done my homework better.
I was in some time pressure and looking back i could have saved some 50% on fees, that would have saved me some €0.20, so I'm still fine... At this moment all my BTC actions involve larger amounts (adding to stack) and €0.20 is no deal breaker :0)
@_date: 2018-05-20 11:58:20
Yesterday a segwit transaction via my ledger costed more than an old school transaction any thoughts on that, shouldn't a segwit transaction always be cheaper?
@_date: 2018-08-06 14:59:07
Finally, it is just the first change needed, the last one will be:
@_date: 2018-05-10 16:32:46
I seem to handle the bull runs just fine, the bear runs are the ones I have some trouble with :)
@_date: 2018-05-06 13:19:04
If it would be a she, on my knee and someting like:
Will you marry me?
(But how to explain to the current wife?)
@_date: 2018-05-05 19:08:23
Enjoy your popcorn and bth, please return the same favor.
But please stop pretending you know what someone else's vision was.
And my own mind is enough responsibility for me.
@_date: 2018-05-03 20:02:35
Fiat is issued by private banks and enforced to use by governments (taxes to be paid only by fiat)
It became fiat by disconnecting if from gold/silver before that it was at least a 'fixed' value.
When it became fiat the robbing could start (inflation).
The fractional reserve principle and the fact that you have to pay interests over money created out of nothing completes the very smart but nonetheless destructive sceme only in place to tranfer wealth form normal people to the few.
This mail won't fix your thinking I can only hope it will be a start for you to put some time in what fiat is and what it does.
BTC is not only a better technology, its basic principles are sane iso the fiat system.
The biggest risk for BTC is fact that people do not see these sane properties, which also means bigger responsibilities for its users etc., and will fall for new scams that will be pushed by banks and governments.
@_date: 2018-08-08 11:22:27
A lot of these 'critical thoughts' when we see down moves, and almost none when we see that kind of up moves.
Bitcoin is volatile, and why shouldn't that be in both directions?
It went from 2k to 20k in some 6 months so why is it a surprise it went down to 6k in some 6 months?
Long term its up a ridiculous amount, it did that due to it's possible uses in the future.
It still lives up to this possible future usefulness, and to me it seems that with each day its getting stronger in fulfilling these hopes.
So the current value of BTC is just some balance between the risk of failure and future promises.
To many it's not even clear what these future promises, and thus possible value, exactly are..
In context of possible valuations, between zero and very large (I don't know exactly what), recent moves are just about to be expected, just look at the previous tops and downs.
If one can't stand the heat don't get into the kitchen.
@_date: 2018-08-08 09:06:10
I would say it is disrupting conventional financial systems.
Got an massage from my banker, they finally will enable fast payments.., end of the year...
These kind of things could and should have been implemented years ago, but there was simply no competition, now with CC they start to feel the heat and hope they have an answer.
They can try but I sincerely hope they will move to the background or vanish completely.
@_date: 2018-05-21 16:03:37
These kind of things just make me wonder, at what point in time will the old system realize resistance is futile and just will have no other choice than join in an effort to catch up...
It will be like an explosion, all gates will open and previous breath taking tops will again look like small ripples. It will be an amazing sight and feeling.
Every new development, every hurdle taken, each person joining and putting money in BTC will bring this moment closer.
@_date: 2018-05-05 06:59:27
Egon van Greyers is more a goldbug but his insights are not to be dismissed he says he will hold on to gold untill:
The financial system has been miraculously restructured and debt has vanished – IMPOSSIBLE
Major sovereign nations are running surpluses and have reduced debt substantially – NEVER
The financial system is backed by gold, guaranteeing the value of money – UNLIKELY
We can swap some of the gold for real assets at values 90-99% below today – LIKELY
Well I would advise him to add some bitcoin to his position.
Anyway I guess we both will do fine.
(I own both and I dare to gamble he as well).
@_date: 2018-05-26 14:19:28
The technology gives it usability. If there is a lot if demand for that usability it will rise in value.
Since one of the properties of BTC is a transfere of value, a lot of demand, think worldwide, will mean a BIG rise in value. 
This rise in value until now has been quite remarkable to an extent people are now also more and more talking about a store of value. 
It has some remarkable properties untill now not seen implemented in one form of currency/money.
These properties are seen by more and more people and that knowledge is increasing.
Besides these fundamental reasons some people have only seen the increase in value and are only investing in BTC with the purpose to gain fiat value. And there are more reasons to think off why people would like to gain control or influence BTC (banks, government, miners, exchanges, etc).
All these different intentions/expectations are causing current behavior and it is quite hard to see what/who is exactly causing what movement.
If BTC is given enough trust to become a new global currency I'm sure up is the only way possible.
But at this moment in time that is still not a guarantee.
@_date: 2018-05-26 13:55:46
Sure a lot of folks are here just for the money.
But if I speak for myself there is way more to it.
I believe BTC is a far better alternative than the fiat that I'm still forced to use.
I think a lot of taxes are simply theft, inflation is a form of theft, and what the banks do to me is close to criminal, and storing your money there is not without risk ( and increasing).
For those reasons I have owned PM for some time and CC since recent times.
I think PM can protect me from some risks mentioned and could rise in value.
I think CC can protect me from some risk mentioned and I think it has the potential to rise a lot in value if it gains some real traction.
Both PM and CC have some properties that they share and some properties that they don't have in common.
Nothing is without risks and betting all on just one horse is only safe in rear view.
But at this moment in time only trusting on the current system, fiat, banks, government, is not a very smart choice.
@_date: 2018-05-27 13:04:16
Sorry if it sounds harsh.
BTC just seems to be one of the latest Darwin selectors.
Can't see anything bad in it...
@_date: 2018-08-24 18:16:45
Thanks for being honest.
But i think you don't understand fiat, or you are involved as one of the FEW high enough in the fiat sphere that benefit from it ( creating fiat out of nothing and ask unfair interest rates as compensation, or being at the top and being able to spend newly created fiat at the uninflated value when all regular users will get access to that created fiat at the time it is inflated and at the same time having reduced the value of their savings, I can continue for a long time but if you try to understand these effects you should be able to figure out a lot yourself and also better understand fiat and BTC, so an effort well worth it!)
I transfer fiat to BTC for two reasons:
1) reduce my exposure to the fiat scam as much as possible 
2) get as much as possible exposure to healthy money (BTC)
If you would really put some time in investigating both fiat and BTC you would understand this reasoning and realize that transferring gained BTC value, expressed in fiat, back into this fiat, is just trying to secure short term gains by exposing these gains to the ponzi sceme you where trying to escape in the first place.
Hodl has many aspects but for me it's trying to escape my exposure to the fiat scam by exposing my savings to BTC.
I realize that this BTC exposure does mean volatility but just look at the long term chart, it is most of the time up, and up a LOT.
Also realize most of us still express BTC in fiat not because we like or trust fiat but just because every one is used to express value in fiat (brainwashed).
We hodl BTC in the expectation that one day the value will not be expressed in fiat because everyone will understand or simply experience what a scam fiat really is.
And that will be the time the true value of BTC will be clear and most of us will switch from hodl to spendl.
@_date: 2018-05-21 11:08:11
Ps thanks for the link:
"There are roughly 5,820,203,717 ounces of gold in the world. One ounce of gold is roughly as rare as 0.0036 BTC."
Very rough: @ equal marked cap, at $1000/ounce gold, 1 BTC would be $300,000, that would be moon to me :0)
@_date: 2018-05-05 18:45:14
Facebook seems to be their best updated place for information.
Just saw a remark of another person who ordered one and was not too happy about the lack of info.
Asicvault promisses they will improve communication and comming weeks will bring new info.
So we will found out soon.
@_date: 2018-05-06 11:40:17
It's ~$10k per BTC, for now..., and sorry NO...., I do not want to separate from my precious for that price.
My intentions are never to exchange them for any fiat but exchange them for valuable things.
@_date: 2018-05-05 14:27:19
Know a thing or two?
Well perhaps you can give them a hint perhaps?
If they send me a newsletter about how good there product is etc, while missing their first delivery estimation, they should also include an update about the status of their product in development and the shifted delivery date.
Those who pay upfront for a product because they have some faith in the produc, want to support these developments, or just like it, should be given some attention.
With the current state of affairs I really can't recommend anyone to enter the ordering process for the second batch.
@_date: 2018-05-03 18:31:12
You mean:
First we had barter, then we had see shelf's, then we had salt, then we had gold and silver, then we made a mistake and had fiat, now we are back on track and we have BTC.
Easy to mistake you are forgiven.
@_date: 2018-05-14 16:26:31
Why would someone like him talk like that about BTC?
He simply hasn't long enough to live to mention all things he doesn't believe in or thinks is not worth investing in.
So just the fact he mentions BTC should give you a hint.
@_date: 2018-05-28 18:20:45
So, ignore all predictions, and just accumulate and hodl.
Unless you're smarter than me or can see the future...
@_date: 2018-05-05 07:16:20
"We are on the brink of seeing what is quite possibly the first worldwide currency. "
Thats a bit cutting a corner or more but a good start.
As mentioned in other comments its not the first, we had salt, had several fiat being the world reserve currency (a nice goal for BTC) we have gold etc.
But BTC has the best features of previous options and some new not includeded in any of these predecessors.
No counterparty risk, not debt based, you can own it like gold, it can be transferred like fiat. Border less, weight and volume less, hard cap, etc.
In fact it is so good I'm afraid it's going to be messed up by humans, but else... The moon, and beyond...
@_date: 2018-05-21 11:15:44
Would add "for now"
I only use it one way, and that is out of fiat.
Even if I hear all doubts I do not understand so little people use this escape.
Since I see the same for PM I tend to think most people just don't really understand fiat?
Perhaps I should change that to "don't really understand money"?
@_date: 2018-05-21 10:56:48
Reading your reply I think we are on the same lines.
@_date: 2018-05-21 11:33:11
This is one of my dreams though.
Imagine some countries would say "keep your gold (tungsten bars) but please transfer the equivalent in BTC"....
What would that do to BTC,  the dollar, gold, etc.?
Once this has started will there be a way back, could it be done without war?
Mind boggling it is.
@_date: 2018-05-12 17:46:42
A $100 worth of Bitcoin is quite vague the when has quite an impact on amounts owned....
Try more to think in number of people on earth and the number of Satoshi that exists to get a better idea of what would be equal to the possible average ownership and then make up your mind about how much you would like to own. The fun still is: most of us are very capable of getting our hands on ownership well above such an average number. 
Bottom line think about the odds you think BTC will be some form of currency or store of value etc. in the future and what you are willing to put at stake to put in, bet on or profit from it.
Whatever, for me the most sane advice would be try to understand what it is by reading discussing it etc and than start thinking about what you want to put at stake iso just go for some number since someone else with an agenda you don't know gives some advice...
@_date: 2018-05-06 11:30:44
Perhaps everyone would better make up their own mind iso believing what others say.
In that way they would have to look at what each coin would have to offer iso just going with the biggest hype of the moment.
It would make it a bit more stable, and choices made a bit saner.
If the only purpose is to get rich quick one should better just go to the casino.
We need people who believe in BTC who want to help build and support a more sane money than fiat.
Not the attitude that when enough money is made they go back to fiat. BTC has the power to become fair and sane money, but that would mean we have to use it that way and eventually stop thinking in fiat value all together.
@_date: 2018-05-12 17:15:18
I'll give it a try:
The only defined value in the protocol is a Satoshi.
To make a comparison it would be an atom of gold, less and its not gold anymore, if you have more it will always be a number of atoms of gold.
Now how does it sound to you if I would state that the only true gold would be an ounce or gram or sealed, with official stamp of swissgold, kilobar ?
Should we define it as a rough nugget with the original ore around it as found in the earth, wait wait, the only real gold is the gold directly catched at the moment it was originally created when a star implodes.......
This kind of non logical clustering numbers off Satoshi, and forked protocols, how about the ones to come?, is not making much sense to me..
I'm willing to listen to some reasoning if you have a better insight then me though...
@_date: 2018-05-21 10:48:08
Besides being beautiful, I really appreciate you provide the source files for free.
Keep up the good work.
@_date: 2019-03-30 10:22:31
I have been thinking about that...
If it's worth that much I think fiat would be inflating too much to go back to, stable coins to me are too much like fiat.
I think I would prefer going to gold/silver, probably these will move in the same direction as Bitcoin by that time so could be changing into the same 'risk' .
It's just smart to think about these moves ahead and try to make a plan to protect your wealth.
Just hoping that surviving isn't the only thing on your mind by then....
@_date: 2019-03-30 10:36:43
That's where we are going to...
@_date: 2019-03-03 13:37:57
First investment you should make before buying bitcoin is educate yourself.
Second investment should be buying a hw wallet.
Only then you start buying btc, but that should be clear before you can start slowing down on the first item I mentioned.
@_date: 2019-03-19 21:29:57
Yes I know this rational.
You forget that most forms of used money have a hard relation with all other goods, but neither yet to Bitcoin.
This 'hard' relation is used to make fiat currencies maintain their precieved 'value' better.
The money issuers know that they have to maintain a certain level of stability to maintain the believe in the fake value fiat has in the minds of the users.
They know that ~2% inflation is not seen as a too big issue by most.
And thus they must try to keep this 'hard' relation to goods close to this maximum of 2% inflation rate.
Since BTC is so new it does not have this 'hard' relation and thus can move independent from all other things (for now).
Slowly the connection between fiat, goods and BTC is growing but it is not yet fixed not by a long shot.
As long as people do not value these goods in a BTC value we are not there.
The thing most of us are not used to is the fact that we have such a floating form of money.
The value of BTC is in a discovery phase and the link to goods is made via fiat.
Another way of saying this would be BTC gets it value by the amount of fiat it is consuming.
If you now realize fiat has NO value, you realize the link through fiat to goods is nonexistent.
I mean to say we shouldn't link goods to BTC through fiat, but we do not have an alternative so it is the only thing we can do while most do not realize how disturbed this is right now.
When fiat has imploded we will have to make, and by then we can, a direct link from BTC to goods but for now it's in a transition, if we can determine the speed of it we have no clue about the position and vice verse....
So that is why I say  "I don't see Bitcoins getting more expensive, I see fiat loosing value."
Hmm I don't think I 'm smart enough to find the perfect reasoning in English , I hope it makes some sense.
@_date: 2019-03-29 18:08:13
Banks have had over a 100 years of a monopoly on creating and distributing money.
Their deal with government, protection from the government in exchange for unlimited and cheap money, made them untouchable.
In that time frame the easy money gained made them spend it easy too.
Besides that money and power are a recipe for abuse.
And although profit was guaranteed somehow banks were spending so much money and became so greedy, and abusive they somehow all got into huge problems and are only surviving by the smoke screens and the fact normal people still entrust them their hard earned money.
Slowly more and more see what is happening, see what banks are doing, see what fiat is doing.
Partly because we now have an alternative called Bitcoin.
They know it could be their death sentence and can only kick the can down the road as long as we let them.
Can't wait to see them fail.
@_date: 2019-03-21 18:28:15
But, but, I'm waiting for the 20% or more gains in a day.....
And that for at least a few day's a week, for months in a row.
Usually it's just abbreviated to "When moon?"
Ahhh those good old days.... When will I see you again....
I'm just happy for the additional accumulation time.
@_date: 2019-03-19 18:58:23
By design it's supposed to be hard to get.
As most things that tend to have value.
You can just wait longer while more people find out what fiat is and realize what Bitcoin is, perhaps that will be a better time to try and get in.....
By your remarks I realize Bitcoin is doing even better than I thought it did, thanks for the insight.
Perhaps this will help you gain some insight:
I don't see Bitcoins getting more expensive, I see fiat loosing value.
As soon as more people will realize this all other stuff will adjust and also get way more expensive to buy with fiat.
At that moment more people will be forced to better understand Bitcoin and the value of Bitcoin will finally reach new unseen, and thought of as impossible, heights.
At what moment do you want to get some of it?
@_date: 2019-03-16 08:47:57
One of the reasons I also have some cash on hand, so good advice.
I do wonder a what moment our lifes are so digitally interwoven and society being dependent on a functioning 'electronic' system that in case it would fail having cash or not won't be out biggest problem.
At this moment it's not yet that bad and especially during the first day's cash would be very handy to have in case of a network/grid failure.
But after these first day's I guess the need for cash will quickly move to the background and other needs for survival will take over....
So the argument CC need some intranet/power is a very soft argument for me, if the internet/power would suddenly disappear for more than a few days/weeks we would have bigger problems than paying somehow...
@_date: 2019-03-10 10:22:33
I have been using the ledger nano s after starting with a bitbox hw walled.
The nano s seems to be safe and it does where I needed it for.
I am for now more a hodler than a user so I only make BTC purchases a few times a year.
For me the nano s is more a cold storage than an active walled.
Lately I've been in some doubts, they previously updated their firmware after some low risk issues have been found. A good thing, they keep upgrading their sw and bring out patches.
But with their latest firmware upgrade and new sw, ledger live, they definitely missed some beats.
There are some user that got stuck in the upgrade procedure.
And I was forced to start using ledger live, their newest interface, to be able to upgrade to the latest nano s firmware.
The latest firmware can't be installed by their previous interface, the ledger manager sw that was a chrome application.
That sw chrome app is now even hard to find, it still works (although not capable of installing their latest firmware on the nano s) but the forced transition to their latest interface is not perfect...
I did upgrade to the latest firmware without any issues, so that is good news.
But I also waited, very conscious, for the first issues to be worked out. 
And that there were issues is not a good sign.
For me the way ledger live works, on a linux system, I can only conclude it has at least some very basic and easy to fix issues. 
As a sample, when you have multiple coins, switching between them in the ui is a tricky thing since the dropdown box only shows the first coin, you can scroll through all avaiable coins but the ui won't show the selected one so you have to count the number of steps you have done and by that you can determine which coin/account is selected.
It's not a critical issue let alone a safety issue, but it does point out the sw is more an alpha version than finished.
And that makes me wonder what bugs are in there waiting to be found or worse being exploited.
The next thing that I noticed was the buy option in this new tool.
It shows some third parties and this points out ledger has now probably has let go their independence and that can only mean bigger risks for us as users.
For me this is a big red flag.
It pay for a hw walled that I want to serve one single purpose, keep my coins safe.
I want the company that I buy this hw walled from to be ONLY interested in this single purpose.
Yes they can make money by charging me a price for this walled and they do!
But if put their independency at stake they are crossing a very dangerous line!
Than I am not convinced I want the functionality offered to be integrated in the ui I use to interact with my hw walled. It stores the number of coins and the history of all transactions done.
So now you can monitor your portfolio even when the hw walled is not connected.
But this also means this info is now on your computer and potentially available by a hacker.
This is a complete different risk of course than you private key being available, THAT IS NOT THE CASE, but still I'm not yet comfortable with this info being available on my regular online computer.
So to eliminate possible risks I, for now, reinstall this sw every time I want to use it, like if I have to upgrade the firmware, and remove it afterwards...
You may call me paranoid, but I have seen enough posts about people losing their money and have decided I will do everything possible to not end up being one of those.
So these latest developments have not made me a happier customer, although I like the new development of the nano x and the possibility to use it as a portable payment system.
I have my doubts about the implementation of the added features and new risk vectors.
I think it should be treated as a hot walled only system.
Thus you only store a small amount of money on your nano x and use it in combination with the ledger live software.
But your cold storage is another thing and should be treated differently, thus I don't want that to interface with the ledger live, but they kind of force me now...
For me it's a pity to see one of the leading companies to make this kind of mixing up mistakes.
I really hope they get their act together (I am available for consultation:0).
@_date: 2019-03-16 09:16:07
Although I have not seen real data, I think you are wrong.
BTC has been around or above 19k for a very short time so it seems impossible for many to have bought at or above that price (for me a lot would mean compared to the total number of BTC owners).
I tend to believe not even a lot have bought at or above current price since it has been there for just over a year, but would like to see some verified numbers to be honest.
@_date: 2019-03-19 21:06:27
These people just don't have a vision.
My new and exclusive crypto currency mining chip is allready capable of mining the future coin that will dethrone Bitcoin and will be the CC world reserve far into the year 2500.
Instead of producing heat it generates steaks, and depending on the hash rate you select these will be raw, medium or well done.
If you opt for the Master edition, at only a 10% premium price, for each coin it mines it will destroy one other coin of choice, as default bth is set.
Be fast there is a hard cap on these mining rigs.
@_date: 2019-03-13 21:53:54
Don't tell him he was born without any safety regulations comming with it.
He might end his life straight away....
People tend to forget insurances are there in the first place to make a profit on, secondly to give us a safe feeling, and only as third to pay out and give some compensation, but only then when all efforts to prevent that fails.
I tried to explained to some that our money in the bank is only ensured as long as a small bank fails. If major banks would go down in best case you would get back the 'insured' amount after a long time and I can guarantee that your buying power will be a LOT less by the time you get it.
People just do not realize how much money is involved and were that money would be coming from, it would only be possible to hand out that kind of money if it would be created out of thin air and in the process increase the money supply by such a big amount inflation would be impossible to prevent.
But no that is not what people want to hear, life needs to be simple and we need to feel safe.
The price that we have to pay for that fake safety is also something no one want to be spelled out to them.
The beauty of BTC is that it's plain and simple pointing out to people what real money is and what risks are involved if you want to manage that yourself.
Instead of people embracing this renewed opportunity of financial self reliance and taking back their financial freedom it offers, they are scared by it as being a twelve year old kid realizing the world can be a dangerous place as soon as they leave their parental house.
Most are so comfortable with this derivative of money we use every day, that is completely controlled buy this third party called banks, that the idea of controlling your own money up to your live savings is somehow a scary thing.
Sorry for having to point it out to those but life itself is one big risk..., as it should be.
Being able to manage your life includes being able to manage your own wealth.
They shouldn't be afraid of it, they should put some thinking in it as they would with all other potential life changing opportunities or risks.
BTC gives us this opportunity, embrace it with all your might, study it and take back this essential part of your own free life.
Don't be afraid to live, the goal of life is living it to the max.
@_date: 2019-03-05 20:11:53
I miss some of the newest wallets, like the ledger nano x?
@_date: 2019-03-21 18:10:49
To be honest the article leaves it floating.
It just describes why some CC with no inovation or other real differentiation have not collapsed yet. Nowhere in the article it is reasoned why or if BTC does have these attributes.
So the reasoning in the artifle could also apply to BTC and the title indeed suggest strongly so.
Never the less I like this fresh reasoning and the fact it triggers the reader to think for themselves and hopefully triggers that question 'does this apply to BTC?'
I think this works better than pretending the writer knows it all and just states the 'obvious' or tells us BTC is better.
No bigger fans or better promoters than people who discovered things for themselves.
@_date: 2019-03-23 16:25:22
These are the same people that print out a Picasso, van Gogh etc. put it in a frame on the wall and feel rich.
Don't enlighten them, just wait until they try to sell...
@_date: 2019-03-23 11:23:30
I up voted you, although I'm waiting for the moment these posts are just so irrelevant we won't see them anymore (close there I think/hope).
@_date: 2019-03-02 22:46:31
Universal income is fine as long as you are on the receiving end.
If you happen to be the paying part that makes it... wel less fine.....
Btc should make it perfect clear such a sceme is not possible with out others paying for those who recieve it.
So please enlighten me why and who should pay up to give you that universal income?
Be realistic since you typed that massage it is almost 100% sure you belong to the wealthy part of human beings, so you should be willing to pay up for probably some other people's universal income...
Still think it's a good and bright idea?
@_date: 2019-03-02 15:16:57
"Its non-human way of producing truth exposes the technology’s economy to more than a third of the global economy in coming years giving it access to an estimated 35% of global economy cost, according to Australia’s RMIT University professor, Jason Potts."
So now our 'smartest' people are going to think about the usage of blockchain.
It will take them some years to discover the brightest usage of them all......, integrated as a new form of.... MONEY.!
Imagine that, wow, that would be mind blowing.
Don't tell them about Bitcoin, let them work this out........
@_date: 2019-03-16 09:49:09
If I zoom out and look at the charts I like what I see.
If we get back in bull mode the next resistance values are quite big steps up.
Of course that is no quarantine and more wishful thinking, nevertheless markets seem to work that way.
@_date: 2019-03-21 18:20:24
Just went through the post describing why most cc are still alive, they made a good point.
So most cc still exist for part because a lot is just speculation.
Although BTC is way ahead of most other this is not clearly visible to most people.
So it will only become visible after every day usage is there or getting started.
This will take some time, and thus the big shitcoins starve event has to wait a bit longer.
@_date: 2019-03-30 10:31:38
It quite safe to assume distribution will follow the normal/natural way.
That means like the wealth distribution right now, a few own the most wealth, most will own very little.
It has nothing to do with 'fair' but with how things work out in real life.
The 20/80 rule somehow is such a natural distribution, 20% of the people will own 80%, 80% of the work will be done by 20% of the people, etc..
The closer we get to that distribution the close we will be to a stable price.
I haven't found a good place to check where we are in that respect (time wise).
@_date: 2019-03-03 08:04:01
Never showed you wealth in a bar?
All girls are hanging around him....
@_date: 2019-03-21 17:38:04
If you think you want it bad now, just imagine how much you want it at next time high.
Don't miss it..
@_date: 2019-03-23 13:58:48
Yes education is a spear point.
Gold is an other way.
And only a few do.
From my own experience buing gold is not easy nor selling.
Bitcoin can be bought more easily as well as being sold, and slowly I can buy more and more stuff directly with BTC.
Only these things considered I moved from gold to BTC.
Besides that going from fiat to fiat through gold is more expensive than with BTC.
I can imagine buying groceries pretty soon with BTC as opposed to gold..
I can take a plane today to a lot of places in the world and spend my BTC or transfer it to fiat as with gold that would by much more trouble.
Even if I had all my wealth in BTC the above would be true but taking that along as gold/silver would be hard or impossible and I wouldn't feel safe.
I think most people feel this way and thus will choose BTC.
@_date: 2019-03-30 10:55:08
How is that going to be lucrative for those who are short Bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-03-10 20:38:01
Thanks, i was reloading without success, now i know...
@_date: 2019-03-23 21:45:43
"There’s no point to counting the pennies when everyone can have what they need. "
Sure please come back when humanity has evolved to the point we do not kill each other over the smallest disputes, hell I will make it even easier for you wake me up when we get smart enough to stop fighting wars.
Perhaps then I will start to think about all people being ready to grand/allow everyone else to have what they need.
I think I have a lot to worry about but that scenario is not coming to fruition anytime soon.
Do you even realize there are people that only need to rule the world?
@_date: 2019-03-16 10:21:01
Pity I don't have time right now to check.
Most is like more than 50%?
You think more than 50% of BTC owners bought it or most of their holdings last ~12 months?
@_date: 2019-03-23 21:53:31
Haha and you think this will be the biggest party that will come out the closet.
Funny times ahead.
Tick tock...
@_date: 2019-03-02 22:35:48
I think the effort to understand how a trezor or ledger hw wallet works is not much asked for someting that can safely store your life savings.
Security comes with a price, storing wealth comes with a risk, being alive is nothing else than a big risk itself.
Somewhere we where fooled into thinking everything has to be insured, risk has to be evaded, let others do the thinking. And most of us became close to an obedient slave without knowing and in full cooperation.
I'm sorry, if learning to safely store a 12 word seed is too much asked, if learning how a trezor or ledger hw wallets works and how to use it safely is too much asked, perhaps bitcoin is even better than I think it is and do we also need it as being a evolutionary filter.
@_date: 2019-11-09 17:49:43
Interesting analysis, and quite precise to what we can expect when.
Wondering if I have the balls to trade it..
It shows the way forward without any big disruptions like a crash, war etc.
That would be the case when Bitcoin would get a place besides the current systems still in place.
If it would start taking over some of the existing fiat currencies it would have to make a/some jump(s).
Depending on what currency it will be a small step to a rather big jump.
Other disruptive moves can be expected if country's or other big players will start accepting it as new store of value.
For me the first real target is the market cap of gold, realizing that if it will get there it must continue to go up even more.
No clue about the chance we will get there nor timing :0)
@_date: 2019-11-02 10:29:16
It should be there perhaps, I thought it was more or less obvious..
But these things should be taken seriously.
So that's way I mostly can't resist replying in a seriously manner even when original post is meant funny.
Like I now do again...
@_date: 2019-11-27 18:55:07
I hope I can bring even more joy when I give you both my bank account and btc address, both are open to unlimited donations.
But, on a more serious note, I understand and share your enthusiasm about btc so cheers!
@_date: 2019-03-23 21:50:56
No local recession is something to look forward to.
But since all economies are so interwoven I tend to think of a global recession.
And that will be a mother fu... 
@_date: 2019-11-25 16:17:10
So you think most of them whales got whales by being weak, sentimental, easy scared?
Most current whales got in when prices where so low we can now only dream about.
Sure if it would drop to 1K they would loose a lot on paper but most will be comfortable in the green numbers.
1K holy shit I would loose a lot, but then again it's been a long time since I had realistic hopes of doubling my bitcoin position, at 1K I would go for that!
@_date: 2019-11-04 17:13:19
Sounds like the new "arbeit macht frei"
@_date: 2019-03-23 10:08:31
The dark force can be strong.
Welcome back.
@_date: 2019-03-10 11:37:00
When the hard fork to cash happened I was disappointed even a bit angry.
I used to be quite frustrated to see how they played the 'real bitcoin' card.
I still feel pity for those who fell for this all, and still wonder where BTC would be if that movement would have stayed onboard.
Now I realize it is good for BTC in the long run, the better the competition, the harder they try, as long as they fail it makes BTC stronger.
In the end this is how it should work, if you have two visions that can't collaborate the only solution is a hard fork and a fight to death.
I wish it would not be needed but also have become to known human behavior...
The next movement that wants to give a shot a becoming the new BTC competitor knows they will have to do better, be able to invest even more, climb a wall even higher, or have lost without even getting started.
@_date: 2019-03-16 10:15:31
I know kids have the future, and I allready realized most kids will pick this up more easily than most of my, on average very high educated, colleagues.
Once the genie is out of the bottle it's very hard to put it back...
It's a bit like getting old:
When being a kid time can't go fast enough to become an adult.
Once an adult you wonder why time seems to be going so much faster then when you were a kid.
Once you start getting old you only wish time would slow down.
Once old you realize it will only go faster and faster....
BTC is just a sibling right now, enjoy it.
@_date: 2019-11-02 10:24:49
Don't make it more complicated, we are talking about anyone who could steal bitcoins stored on hw wallets.
In my opinion that does not include governments that want to maintain their power and could do so by laws etc.
Or do you mean something completely different?
@_date: 2019-03-03 13:18:47
Make your currency worth less to improve your competitiveness.
It is something you do if all else fails like, making products people really need or want, offer services people need, etc.
Yes we are now entering the phase where we need to make our currencies even more worthless to be competitive.
The race where currencies are trying to beat other currencies in being more worthless.
And some still doubt btc is going to be successful....?
Bring it on, can't wait.....
@_date: 2019-03-10 13:31:36
Thanks for pointing it out.
To be honest I'm not yet convinced but I will keep an eye on this.
@_date: 2019-03-14 21:21:46
The moment you realize your new found insight has absolutely no real life value at all, you are actually getting somewhere.
@_date: 2019-03-29 17:10:27
You know, sometimes the noobs are just,..... Right..
@_date: 2019-11-27 18:45:43
That's no real news to me, and don't believe everything they say..
Just wait until more than half of all banks fail real life stress tests..
And I think that will be quite close to the moment the next big bank will fail.
@_date: 2019-03-16 09:00:20
Best advice you can get, I think, is going back to the basics, why do you want to own BTC?
If it's just a gamble why do you expect others to know better, and give you that insight?
If it's for being a better money does it matter if you buy for current price one tenth of it or ten times current price?
If BTC will fulfill it's, possibly, destiny and becomes a worldwide storage of wealth and/or word reserve money it will make you wealthy wetter you own 1, 10 or a 100 BTC.
While we all would like to get filthy rich with making just a small investment in just 10 years or less you have to realize those lottery tickets are quite rare.
If you think BTC only has a small chance of succeeding investing some money that you could miss is very rational...
What you can miss and how big a risk you want to take is something that can be answered by you best.
@_date: 2019-11-10 17:09:10
Your just a bit too soon, save your post for sometime to come and you will do fine
@_date: 2019-11-27 18:40:44
I'm just wondering: why didn't we had this kind of discussion before? /s
@_date: 2019-03-03 13:28:41
That's the spirit.
Just please declare it dead by using the word not the lazy "it's over".
Do you realize you are the first one to declare it dead?
Do you happen to have some laying around, I'm willing to help you get rid of them..
I mean you must have some of them, why else would you be here?
Ok butt hurt a lot, I understand....
@_date: 2019-03-12 18:25:36
Learn what bitcoin is where it stands for.
Learn about fiat, what it is where it stands for.
Once you get the basics of both you can awnser those questions yourself.
In that way you make decisions on your own, take responsibility for them instead of trusting on others opinions.
@_date: 2019-11-07 15:01:05
Take your amount of bitcoins, multiply by 462,344 and there you go, your answer.
@_date: 2019-11-09 12:00:33
That's the way to go.
Although I´m not sure about the trading, if it works for you go.
Keep adding those Sats, stop mentioning how many you have and don´t sell/start spending too soon.
I stick to my view it wil go down to very little or go up way higher, I simply don't see a way in the middle.
@_date: 2019-11-02 09:15:09
The funny thing is at some point you realize these kind of messages are they best signal you could see.
Just ask yourself why would governments try to prevent you from putting, their money, into bitcoin?
I mean we all know it is to protect you from doing something stupid isn't it /s
Once you pass that point you just can't stop digging some deeper, well I couldn't.
Knowing stuff doesn't make things always more easy but at least you can act.
@_date: 2019-11-30 16:18:25
I tend to agree.
If they don't agree upon it being money, they should treat you and me trading stuff, it shouldn't matter if one side of the deal is Bitcoin, as barter between the both of us.
I know they will see this different since if Bitcoin would be used too much it will be competition for their money.
So they don't know what to do with it.
Can't state it is money, can't state it's not.
What is going to be the reason they forbid using Bitcoin if they even can't clearly state what it is?
It's not like we are still living in the middle ages and they can just get away by declaring it 'evil', although I suspect some will try just that anyway...
Whatever Bitcoin is going to be or do, only for this aspect it's interesting as hell what they are going to do with it.
It's kind of forcing them to admit color.
And that will hopefully trigger more people to think about what they decide and why they do so.
As long as there was no real competitor most people simply accepted fiat, many without giving it much thought at all.
But now this all is slowly changing..
@_date: 2019-03-09 09:45:11
You see just one of the virtues of BTC.
it's fundamental the best money available.
Not used widely yet but growing and pretty hard to stop..
It attracts all, the greedy, the corrupt, the conservatives, the progressive, the pioneers, the dreamers, the fast, the slow ones, the idealist, the sane and insane, etc.
Of cause it takes time to settle in the minds of all these people and it will be at a different time frame, but in the end even the bankers who's profitable sceme is going to be destroyed by BTC will at some point realize their time has gone and switch to it...
That is the beauty of it, they can fight it and probably will, but at least now humanity has a tool that makes it possible to escape the government/bank/fiat scam.
If anything is worth to fight for it is this.
@_date: 2019-03-25 17:06:52
The only comfort I have is knowing he is paid in worthless fiat, the average person worked for that money, but at least it's not our precious BTC....
@_date: 2019-11-02 09:08:29
At some point not having some money in bitcoin becomes reckless, I think we are already at that point, but please decide for yourself.
@_date: 2019-11-07 17:17:34
If you can't win, join them.
The only chance they have is if people do not understand the differences.
That's what we have to do: educate.
Let's end this absurd current system that benefits a few at the cost of most.
Educate and hodl.
@_date: 2019-11-18 22:19:28
Plus one for the optimism.
Once you are in it for spending stats and not for gaining more fiat value, it changes your mind set completely.
I still think about possible next tops with the thoughts of stepping out high and buying more low, but having gone through the last ath and being very bad at predicting the top and subsequent buying moments I know that will involve risks I'm not sure I should take upon.
@_date: 2019-11-19 14:15:04
Not everything Waren Buffett says I agree with.
But his remark that the price is what you pay but the value is what you get hits the nail pretty good.
Now think t over once again...
@_date: 2019-11-02 09:04:15
Well if you would assume they were not save, at what point would you think the evil party would cash out?
I have no clue how much money would be stored in those ledgers out there but it must be rather tempting by now isn't it.
So in short, every day it proves to be save it increases chances it has not a build in backdoor or whatever.
If you doubt use a pass phrase it reduces possible attack vectors even more.
I think by now chances you/users fuckup are way bigger than those hw wallets not being save.
@_date: 2019-03-10 11:14:38
"Today US dollars in cash is the best money available.
Having said that, majority of my funds is in nonconfiscable bitcoin at the moment."
Thanks for underwriting my statement.
Sounds like you're unconscious a step ahead of your factual reasoning?
@_date: 2018-10-29 17:47:58
It's an interesting topic.
Technology can help us a lot, and why not go from a physical key or pin, to biometric identification.
We could make it advanced like an iris scan and for security a check if we have a hart rate, and perhaps it should also check if it's not to fast or if we are stressed etc.
I hear alot of fud like you can be forced to perform such a check to even being drugged to prevent stress or a fast hart rate. But with all other identifications or keys the same reasoning would hold.
It would save a lot of things to remember, passwords, pin numbers or carrying around of stuff, keys cards, etc if we could use biometric identification. I would love to see some more developments in this field.
@_date: 2018-10-13 10:01:40
No, the whole concept of BTC is about not needing one.
So your question points out you haven't read about it or do not understand it?
@_date: 2019-03-23 10:03:29
When I was going to the article, my summary is "people violated some rules and got a punishment for it"
So what are we discussing?
Sould there be rules yes or no, is this specific rule nonsense?
If we have agreed upon rules and someone violates it should they be punished yes or no?
Do we expect a different way, process to determine if there was a violation and the punishment needed or should the offender have a way to defend himself?
Or, and finally we are getting to the point that has anything to do with BTC, are we discussing the fact that an automated payment can be forced?
If government has all our data only this last step, getting the money automatically, is prevented.
They will get it anyway but in a way that is only increasing costs, sending a letter demanding the payment, and in the end enforcing it...
I'm a big supporter of less government more privacy (and BTC as well).
But I realize I'm in no way the majority...
When talking to others I'm quite surprised how many like big government and are prepared to give up privacy/freedom ( and like fiat and think inflation is good or needed).
If we decide we need rules and they need to be enforced, mentioned 'orwellian, method is quite cost effective compared to a cop arresting the person, all persons doing this, and a court to deside on the punishment and giving the offender a way to defend himself.
In a small village a person stealing something and getting caught will probably be forced to not do it again by social pressure. If he won't change and adopt to accepted rules he will be expelled from the village.
In such a setting no one complains the lack of privacy and that it's insane everyone knows all others by name and where they live or what they do (one aspect: being able to commit a crime anonymous or undetected or get away with it unpunished...).
The difference with China's Orwellian situation seems scale and use of technology (if only again for that one aspect).
Isn't the real problem abuse?
With scaling this country wide, or introducing technology, abuse is easier and has a bigger impact and can lead to dictator kind of situations where the whole population is abused (also possible in a village setting, but a bit easier to escape by just leaving ).
BTC prevents most issues caused by fiat, and there are a lot of issues with fiat, but most other issues bad actors/government is something else. Don't mix the two..
If you want to point out fiat and government power is related, fine but make a clear case.
In these places, r/Bitcoin etc, you will find lots of support fot both BTC, more freedom and privacy, less government etc.
But I would like to challenge you to talk to people outside these places, usually I'm surprised by the amount of people who are fine with current situation.
Most don't even, want to, see the downside of fiat and what BTC has to offer.
We have a lot of education to do before we have a chance to change society in a better direction (in the belief the alternative system is indeed better).
How many BTC supporters understand that abandoning fiat will mean, in the short term, less wealth for most of us (all debts build up is wealth taken from the future).
Most are fine with more wealth comming to them not realizing that is just a transfer not a real change.
Just resetting the system is allways nice seen from the debtors point of view, but the creditors see this different, it won't be that easy.
In the end the system will change, but thinking that owning some BTC will make you rich and the transfer to BTC will solve all our problems is quite naive....
Trying to get debt free, owning BTC and other real money is a very wise thing to do, but do prepare for a lot of hardship to come as well.
We shouldn't be in current situation, the further the system can grow, look indeed at China as one sample, the bigger and more extreme the change will have to be to stop it.
It will stop even if it has to wipe out all of humanity in its way.
From the bright side, at least BTC is one of the few pressure valves at our disposal...
@_date: 2019-03-17 07:38:30
At the moment roughly 400k $
@_date: 2018-10-14 16:30:49
And there's fiat of course.
That fast, cheap, wonderful system.
@_date: 2019-03-05 17:52:01
How BTC took over?
Slow at first, but incredibly fast in the end.....
We are just getting started, but speed will pickup..
@_date: 2018-10-20 07:56:33
Why do you care what USA ppls think?
@_date: 2019-11-30 11:34:17
Makes perfect sense, you have 2000 BTC ~ $ 14million, and to roughly double that you just ask for help on Reddit....
Sorry in my perception that first ~ $14 million is also pretty much wasted....
Yes I make a lot of assumptions, but you seem to have time to explain some details but also leave out much...
Look from the readers point of view...
@_date: 2018-10-13 09:55:31
You are right.
But if you put it like that you have to live your life as being 'at war' all of your life.
Constantly looking over your head, assume the worst etc.
I wouldn't call that "being free".
Wouldn't you like to just be able to live your life the way you would like to without all those worries?
I know you have to watch out to some extent because being alive is a permanent risk.
But what you describe is literally being at war but without the means to 'kill the ones that are trying to kill you'.
Everyone should have the right to be able to protect oneself or should be protected by the party that forbids you to protect yourself.
And it's exactly that what is wrong, governments are in bed with the banks and big companies while at the same time forbid you from protecting yourself in any effective way (else than the way you describe).
The fiat money system is one of the ways they are able to pull this off.
So that is one of the reasons BTC is so important (for all parties).
The biggest advantage they have against us is the fact most have no clue or just don't want to know (it means they have to think for themselves and have to start acting).
And that brings us back to why education is so important.
@_date: 2019-03-18 21:42:37
I see L1 for moving goldbars to truckload of goldbars to a different location.
I want it to be secure foremost, next come things like anonymous, cheap transport, etc, and somewhere in the end the time involved, especially if we talk about some 10-30 minutes.......
Compared to moving gold, BTC is so far superior I won't even start to going into the details.
(Please can we skip fiat all together, I mean you don't want me to start about seashells...)
So how much goldbars do you think will be moved every 10 minutes?
I tend to think we will just be fine.
For small things we have lighting haven't we?
And we are only just getting started with these new developments, who knows where we are in 5 years time?
Perhaps we have another solution suitable for doing goldbar like transactions lighting like (speed, cost, scalability like)?
Perhaps L1 by that time will be used only for truckloads of gold.
So bottom line, do we need L1 to scale that much?
The, superior, sound money basis is here, the rest will be build around it when needed.
@_date: 2018-10-01 19:37:21
We can always speculate of course.
My take:
Miners, hodlers, speculators etc will expect a rise.
So miners will hodl longer in this regard and there will be more buyers approaching the date.
This will cause some rising in price.
The halving itself will have no direct effect.
The miners will have to sell their builded stock to cover expenses and some speculators will sell as well disappointed that there are no fast big gains.
During this phase the price still will increase due to global demand.
When the miners have gone through their stock and the sort term speculators have sold out the price will start rising faster.
This will again trigger a bigger group of people who buy into btc.
A new bull market will develop.
Depending on how much institutional money will flow in the new ath will settle in the five or six digit numbers.
@_date: 2018-10-06 21:25:48
It is nice to think about such scenarios.
It would be a tipping point.
The big players have/will want to get on board once they think it will have a chance to succeed.
How will this big money flow onto Bitcoin with out the market going crazy?
The big players will have to buy otc or buy from the miners.
Even then there's only so much that can flow into BTC before all hell will break loose.
I have no clue what the new price will be after that influx but it will be a magnitude higher than the last ath.
We have seen some samples of what can  happen when markets go crazy, the tulips mania or gold fever when a new gold mine was found, well imagine such a madness but then on a more massive scale and shorter period...
@_date: 2018-10-13 10:58:54
I fully accept we don't agree.
You too?
Just to tickle you: the fact I see it as store of value wouldn't that make your statement invalid?
@_date: 2019-11-02 09:39:46
You are asking how far does governments power reaches.
It depends how far people are willing to accept it to go.
It's a deep subject.
For me governments should be there for the people.
That implies, in the end, governments should be 'afraid' of the people and not the other way around.
Bitcoin just happens to be a tool that enables a lot of self governing and/or gives, financial, freedom back to the people.
So governments reaction on bitcoin is telling you a lot about its relationship to the people.
The biggest problem with a lot of modern society's is that power or influence is being done in a 'softly' manner.
If that's good or not I don't judge upon, well it's a rather compex subject that would take a lot of effort to discuss.
But with bitcoin they are simply forced to choose.
There is little in between forbidding, allowing or embracing it.
I mean their stance is usually quite clear.
The next phase would be, if they are against it and most governments hate to give away power, HOW are they going to stop it and what's the story they come up with as reason to do so?
At some point they will have to choose and that is/will be by far the most interesting thing society has encountered in a very long time.
@_date: 2018-10-27 08:42:07
The first, uhmm, not so smart thing to do is make a large transaction with a medium you do not really understand.
The second stupid thing to do, if by accident you really do own the private keys, would be to get out of BTC and back into fiat.
But as mentioned before in any way you have a story to tell your kids...
@_date: 2019-03-10 11:45:41
I must admit it is worrisome but it would also be an awesome cheap way to cause a crash, just increase the TX's by a lot even to the maximum capacity and just suddenly stop doing it..
Crash guaranteed according to your logic?
So just put up a lot of shorts and get rich...
@_date: 2019-03-23 18:21:08
$10,000 nowadays isn't much for a good education.
@_date: 2019-11-18 22:10:21
I always think that if people have to ask others they haven't thought it over good enough.
Since you don't ask for facts but opinions I can only advise to dig into this thing more.
At some moment you will decide to put some money in it or not.
Only when you are ready to decide and do not have to rely on others it's the time to move.
It took me years from hearing about bitcoin to vaguely dismiss it as some crazy stuff to actually buying some to dive into it and now just treat it like a long term saving account.
Take your time to learn what it is, how to buy and store it, how to handle the lows and highs, it will be worth the effort.
@_date: 2018-10-26 19:15:19
Uhmmm, though one..., a recession?
@_date: 2019-03-30 14:17:50
Every time bcrap is mentioned it is unwanted and unneeded.
Don't give it that attention, it's done, time to move on.
@_date: 2019-03-30 10:11:11
Nice, without thinking I knew you referenced to Satoshi, could become the adopted symbol....
(How do you insert it in a text, I can copy paste it but is there another way?)
Should we insert it before the number as all other currency symbols?
@_date: 2018-10-13 09:34:12
BTC has some of the best properties of fiat, some of the best properties of gold, is lacking some of the worst features of both of them and on top of that it has some good features both are lacking.
Put simple: it is the best money/store of value available.
So it is fair to point to the fact it is not perfect yet, like being not stable, not fully adopted and accepted etc. But....
Some saw these startup issues and where smart enough to put some money in early and got 'some nice gains'. 
Some are smart enough to see the current status and are willing to put money in it in the hope to also gain 'some'. 
Some see the potential of it and the fundamental difference it could make and are helping building it. Some just hope/believe it is/could be better and are putting some of their money and/or time in it to support the better system. Etc.
And of course there are some who only see problems, are butt hurt they didn't invest in it soon enough, or are just jealous at gains made, etc.
Some see it as a risk to their existing ponzy sceme that made them rich or gave them power and will do everything to stop it.  etc.
Once you realize all these views and understand what is behind most replies, I just feel sorry for most of them. The ones that do not believe in it apparently can't picture a better world, see only risks, are jealous etc. The ones against it are apparently fine with the current suppressing, I would say evil, system and I have decided I rather stay away from them.
Luckily this is one of those places were a lot of positive people or 'believers' are.
I even like the critics simply because they can point out issues or problems that we can or need to solve.
I even got used to the structural none believers, butt hurt, and supporters of the old system.
I also can handle the people who call me crazy for believing and supporting BTC. 
The ones who tell me at every dip "it's gone die, get out, you are crazy" on the tops they ask me "why didn't you put in a lot?", and after every top say "you should have taken your gains, you don't know when to get out, if I was you..., you are crazy".
I still try to educate them; it is more then trying to gain some fiat value and that includes telling them there is no guarantee for ultimate success, and mostly I'm even willing to help them.
I also know if I'm right and all is said and done some of those won't like it or will expect me to help them and I will have to tell them they made their own choices, even against my advice, and must bare the consequences.
One way or another we are living in interesting times, what more can we wish for?
@_date: 2019-11-14 12:13:40
You happen to live under a juristriction.
It's not legally possible to suspend this juristriction for a short while, fill your pockets with some money and then just go back under the juristriction and spend this money without people asking questions.
There's a reason for not everyone to be rich.
You can try and see how far you can get, but the more money involved the more 'interested' people become.
I don't think this is the right medium to ask how to be a criminal without being caught.
The fact that you need to ask is a good indication you are probably going to do things wrong.
Usually it is not worth the effort and smarter to just pay taxes.
Unless a big sum of money is involved and then you have enough to get some good professional advise.
@_date: 2018-10-31 19:59:39
Just remember he has a role to play.
And compared to what he's making he should do much better....
@_date: 2018-10-07 06:41:31
For more and more it's money right now.
That's the right way of thinking, just join us!
@_date: 2019-11-02 10:04:50
Not a popular statement but it is what it is:
You live in a country with laws, well I assume most of us are in that position.
There are just a few options:
Accept them and live up to them.
Accept them, live up to them but try to change them.
Don't accept them but accept possible consequences.
Move to another country with laws you like better.
Ok there are some more exotic options, but these are basically what you can do.
A lot don't want to accept the rules and think they can get away with not living up to them, and start complaining only after being caught. Just realize you are paying them a lot of money to catch you for doing wrong.
Not paying them what they think you should pay them is taking the basic means of living from them so is taken rather seriously!
As usually the 'small' offenders will be used as sample to prevent the large population from trying the same.
The thing with bitcoin is that it forces both governments and the people to make a rather basic choice.
In the end it's about freedom.
It makes the stakes rather high and will be the most interesting thing we have seen in quite a long time.
@_date: 2018-10-28 18:37:23
The US debt, and a lot more parties debt for that matter, is out of control.
Most people are just denying that fact.
They can but the can't outrun the consequences of denying it.
These consequences just take some more time to expose themselves, but when they finally surface in full glory a lot will suffer.
@_date: 2018-10-14 06:45:53
People should learn again that government should be afraid of the people and not the other way around.
If the people decide they accept BTC what is government, or in this case the central bank, gone do about it?
It can only be forced be a totally dictatorship and by that time the people will finally see what their government really is.
@_date: 2019-03-16 09:08:15
These mails are for those that are reading these forums for just a few months or less.
All others have allready seen so many predictions fail they realize it's just noise.
@_date: 2018-10-20 07:09:52
More like 80%, uhmm 99% to be honest, chance you did something stupid....
@_date: 2019-03-18 17:59:24
I'm willing to explain how BTC works to almost everyone who wants to listen.
Even if it would take me several intense sesions of hours in a row.
But to banks,.... I would just say Fu.. You.
@_date: 2019-08-12 10:37:54
You are asking about something in the future and it will be in an unstable times.
For it to reach such valuation something must have eroded trust in fiat.
Well at least that is my scenario for reaching above 1 million valuation (in a short period of time)..
It will mean there will be blood in the streets or at least some serious panic.
In that case it's likely wealthy people will try to move out of fiat and into alternatives at whatever costs.
If you have millions but it is halving every month due to inflation, do you really think they will be bothered by paying 1 or 10 or even 25% of their transaction amount to move their wealth into something that is gaining value iso loosing value?
That is the exact reason you should prevent to be forced to do on chain transactions in such periods.
Most people will fail at this and just wait long enough untill they have to act in the worst time.
It's just human nature. 
So at such periods of escalations most on chain transactions will be of rather high value and insane, in current terms, fees.
If by then you as normal guy want/need to transact prepare to get fleeced.
The last ath the duration of high fees was rather short, if we get real panic this period will stretch out and fees will be much higher.
I tend to think even Lightning might surprise people.
Likely the amount of transactions, lower value moving from on chain due to costs and capacity issues, will be high enough it could cause those fees to rise as well, or available capacity, system and or money wise, to be too low to handle the requests?
I also don't see yet how Lighting can help convert a large infow of fiat into Bitcoin?
I can't see how the system will be able to prepare for coming extreme infows.
It is solvable but humans don't tend to look ahead to much, and if there's too much uncertainty few are prepared to invest much in perhaps needed solutions.
For me it's just confirmation we are still in an early phase.
Just think of it, what would you do if you had some 100 thousands or millions of Satoshis in such a scenario?
Would you sell for fiat, and at what premium?
Or would you only trade it for food, real estate?
Interesting times ahead.
@_date: 2018-06-17 14:57:03
I see it this way:
If it was clear/proven what the value would be, at a certain point in time, we could all roughly calculate what the value should be right now, and therefore it would be verry close to that value now and only fluctuate a little.
Since we don't know what the value/use/etc will be in the future one can only guess what it will become, and hence different people see an alternate future, the common expectation will change a lot and thus the valuation will fluctuate a lot.
Depending on general mood, general awareness, propaganda, acceptance rate as money, new developments, government statements/regulations, hacks, whales stepping in or out, fiat movements, economic developments, war, etc, etc, the value expressed in fiat can swing strongly up or down. 
So as always: the less risks there is the less rewarding someting will be and the more guarantee you have you won't lose much either.
Since btc is such a new thing the risk is just big.
Even if it would be a perfect technology, it still has to be accepted by a lot of people to succeed, as example, as new world reserve currency.
One of the best argument I have heard in favor of btc was the simple question what would be the biggest risk for it to fail?
I tend to agree to the given conclusion that a similar system introduced by the current ptb, governments and central banks, would by far be the biggest risk. But the simple fact that they will never let go the current power they have with the current system in place, is quite assuring.
For me the biggest risk left is the 'stupidity' of most people to not grab this chance woth both hands.
They are rather robbed slowly with the fake security of current system in place, than see what btc has to offer. For one because btc also means 'a lot of' responsibility, just read through this forum to see how some loose their btc. Another reason is most people don't like change especially big changes.
That also points to something we all can and should be doing: educate others.
It is just another great feature btc has, you can actively help make it better.
@_date: 2019-08-17 12:38:00
Knowledge to gain:  "having too much proportionally increases your unhappines"
@_date: 2019-08-10 17:06:19
Just a big thumbs up for sharing your story.
While most of us are still trying to just get the second step right, first being investing, second make money doing so, very little think about the third step, what to do with that possible money, very seriously.
You just made clear that even succeeding with the first two steps, how hard that can be, still doesn't make much sense if one fails executing the third step wisely!
Spending it all isn't verry hard even when big gains are made.
Again thanks for telling your story.
I hope you get back on a better financial track soon and you do not make the same mistakes again.
@_date: 2019-08-24 11:31:38
You're correct.
But than again, I think acting as a day trader is almost opposite to being in Bitcoin because one sees it as a store of value.
When comparing it to gold I default go into the store of value mode, Doesn't mean I can't be wrong ;0)
@_date: 2019-08-12 15:40:16
If we talk about long term, lets say longer than 20 years it won't need anything special just more slow adaption.
But if we would talk short term, like some 4-10 years, I would say it would need help from some other force like lost trust in fiat.
I think that trust in fiat is eroding at quite fast levels already, just look at Venezuela as clear sample, so that's why I mentioned that cause, there can be more cases that helps BTC...
1 million won't be the end by any means, but for most of us that is already mind blowing..
@_date: 2019-08-28 18:33:07
Fully agree, take a good phone, ok is user depending, add the price of a hw wallet and I'm way below $1899.
So what makes them think I should spend that much?
(Or what added value am I missing?)
Sounds nice, but not for that price....
@_date: 2019-08-14 10:55:31
The system has to collapse, sooner or later.
But please be aware that the resulting situation will be a mess.
Don't just dream you will be able to just spend your Satoshis and live like a king.
Assume wealth will just be a big magnet for trouble.
I have been thinking about possible ways out for some time, there are few and none is easy or guaranteed.
@_date: 2019-08-25 12:54:54
Sorry you are acting, well childish.
With this reaction you just make clear you didn't study Bitcoin properly.
And this I'm saying as a PM hodler:
With a grid down apocalypse scenario, forget your PM as well, that's for a period long after that when things stabilize.
Right after this scenario, you will need firepower, water, food, a roof and a lot of, plain old, luck!
@_date: 2019-08-16 16:53:25
Bitcoin is probably the right choice, your time frame sucks though.
@_date: 2019-08-25 10:29:29
I didn't became minimalistic, but things changed.
Since I found out fiat was robbing me, or should I say I was robbed and fiat made that possible, I felt awkward.
So I started with some PM, saving, and felt way better.
Than Bitcoin came by, well it was there for long and I knew about it for long but just didn't invested enough time learning about it.
Since than I have put most spare money into Bitcoin.
And it feels even better than owning PM.
Besides being a store of value I see a better future for Bitcoin than PM.
And indeed I now question most of my purchases with asking myself do I really need it or can I put that money in Bitcoin?
I simply stopped most money wasting.
I have put some targets to what I want to do.
And Bitcoin gives me some hope for achieving those, while without Bitcoin they would be almost impossible.
Being achievable, or believing it is possible, it is much more easy to fully go for it and just skip most temptations, preventing you to ever get there, and believe me our society is very clever in making you spend your money on bullshit.
The only awkward thing left is trying to spread the knowledge.
I often tell myself screw them, if you don't want to listen why am I even trying?
I still get triggered too easy when people tell me I'm a conspiracy nut if I try to explain them how inflation is robbing them and central baks are private owned, etc.
And I know money is, very close to, religion and discussing a religion is dangerous.
Still I want to share this knowledge and inform people, but it's not easy.
@_date: 2019-10-26 12:23:21
Perhaps we should add something to the "don't invest more than you are willing to lose" meme?
So especially for you: "don't invest more than you can handle to be increased by 25%, or double, 10 fold etc.". 
BTC is what it is, and that means volatile for one, sorry you where not warned enough. 
I'm almost in a coma since last ATH, and probably only wake up FAR above that mark, I do now and than have a in-between state where I accumulate some more.
@_date: 2019-08-08 10:27:13
For me it only makes sense to interpreted any equation involving dollar as being the current dollar value or buying power.
Else it should state explicitly what other dollar value is mentioned, like "1950 dollar".
If somebody mentions a dollar value and refers/thinks about an not know, or defined, future value, there is simply no valid equation.
It makes everything a lot easier.
So if I notice someone is hinting at a vague future dollar value I simply ignore it since it can't be quantified in any sane way.
@_date: 2019-08-10 17:10:33
After reading her story, that was not one of the reasons I had in mind.
Sharing her story so honest made me largely respect her!
@_date: 2019-08-14 16:47:42
It's interesting to see we have some new form of sellers?
Those who saw some potential but are doubting Bitcoins potential when some other indicators start showing bad weather ahead.
Doubt if they have deep pockets though...
@_date: 2018-06-17 15:32:25
Exactly this realization made me even more optimistic.
The actual amount of money that has gone into BTC is quite small, not close to maket cap numbers.
That in combination with the limited number of available BTC's, I am not talking about total BTC's but number of BTC's available for sale at a certain price, might actually cause an upward potential still underestimated by even the most positive fans.
The potential demand and amount of fiat available to buy the little available BTC's is simply mind boggling...
@_date: 2019-08-14 16:41:33
I didn't realize dinosaurs where still alive..
Let alone uninformed ones.
@_date: 2019-10-31 15:26:33
    Asking for a friend, any clue how to sign up for mentioned experiments?
@_date: 2019-08-09 13:55:36
Sorry if I'm a bit skeptical..
"Took me nearly a decade to take the plunge.
was reading about all the halving etc. that finally triggered me to create the accounts, transfer cash etc. and do it.
Question for you gurus out there - what's the best way to store bitcoin for the long term?"
So you really thought things over put some $10K in it, but forgot to check how you should store it?
Paper wallets exist but I won't recommend them.
Best shot in my opinion would be a hw wallet, two leading options are both ok.
I would consider forgetting about it for 20 years insane.
Too much will change in that time, paper wallet could just disintegrate, hw wallets could become outdated, unsupported, breakdown, etc.
There could even be a hard fork you should consider, etc.
You could mis a creazy blow out you should act upon.
Even for gold I wouldn't advise such a period without some monitoring, this world is just too unstable.
@_date: 2019-08-10 12:46:34
There are reasons hodlers go inactive or disappear on BTC forums after some years ;0)
@_date: 2019-08-25 13:54:20
I agree it has this potential.
But I'm still being launched at, by people who are smarter then I'm in a lot of ways but apparently not on this topic, when I say I think Bitcoin has this potential.
 I realized  being smart can have many dimensions , most are just smart in some dimensions some are smart in a lot dimensions but only a few can comprehend most dimensions.
I tend to think that the smarter one is in one or a few dimensions  the bigger the chance is they lack understanding other dimensions and the more blinded they are about this.
Perhaps It's just an excuse to not feel too stupid :0)
@_date: 2019-08-09 09:09:36
Just realize you're getting old.
In a few years everyone will understand that it doesn't means he bought one hole Bitcoin but just bought some (K)Satoshis.
One hole Bitcoin will get too expensive for most of us to just buy, it will be too cheap to express it in Satoshis for some years, after that it will take some years more for people to be just talking about Satoshis in everyday language and only use Bitcoin for stuff we now express in millions...
Or Bitcoin will still be used but people will think you talk about Satoshis iso one whole Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-25 09:19:39
For me the biggest reason to get a second hw wallet was redundancy.
I use the Ledger nano-s and unfortunately upgrading to a new firmware version was/is not without risks.
You can loose it, it can break down etc.
All no problem since you can always use your seed in a sw wallet or just order a new hw wallet en use that.
But i just felt more safe having a backup hw wallet ready to go, so that means tested, up and running, 
You never know if a need would arise to quickly move your coins or whatever. 
I think it makes common sense to take being your own bank seriously.
If you have just some play money in it, no it would be an overkill.
But else just invest time to learn! And some money in safety.
@_date: 2019-10-26 11:55:46
The most funny thing?
It's not even suitable for alternative usage..
For above purpose it doesn't absorb enough, one of the reasons it can't even properly be used as toilet paper..
The banks are telling you a clear story, it is waist; you have to pay them to "store" it for you.
Now we have to wait until they won't accept that anymore, the next step would be you have to PAY them BTC to "store" fiat for you :0)
And even then some will stil laugh at BTC and stick to fiat....
@_date: 2019-10-26 11:46:36
It's a pitty you are not well informed.
It should matter, inflation is robbing you.
Yes I know your mortgage will be easier to pay with inflation, the more the better?
Yes I know your salary increases and if you are lucky even a bit more than inflation, btw official inflation numbers are not equal to the real inflation..
But have you ever checked what inflation does to your savings?
Even for most 'modern' man who thinks saving is something from the past, how is your pension build up?
Check how much is involved in building up your pension and compare it to your mortgage, than check how much time both run, quite shocking?
And if you are relying on your official pension fund, don't even check, by the time you need it it will have little to no buying power, it's designed that way.
I'm just touching the upper layers, if you can't put in the effort the check these basics the rest will be lost without a doubt, else please come back there is way more...
@_date: 2019-10-26 12:54:40
BTC is only the best form currently available, it doesn't solve the problem, being Humans ;o)
@_date: 2019-08-25 10:40:47
"On the technical side of things, I think the payee could use the private key for that specific receiving address to sign and return a message from you, proving they have access. In a custodial wallet situation, tho...well, thats one reason custodials are not good."
I know about this possibility to make a signed message proving the adress belongs to someone. I have never used it so I'm gone check how to do that.
Still re using an adress like described seems quite easy and  straight forward?
"Legally the payor would have some leg to stand on if the payee refused to give you the good/service after the transaction, its the payor's responsibility to provide the correct address, and if the payor complied exactly then they have right to the goods."
I agree but as soon as serious money is involved I'm sure it won't be that easy...
@_date: 2019-08-28 19:30:10
No a drop in price is caused by there being more sellers than buyers, not by just moving coins between wallets.
If coins from Satoshi adresses moved that could cause some big price fluctuations..
@_date: 2019-08-17 11:42:10
You ask a rather simple question but it's not that easy to answer.
Well it's easy to answer but the rationale behind it is not so easy, let alone changing your mind, which I don't have any need for.
Its basically about what do we people value and what we have consensus about.
Money can have a lot of forms and if you look back in history some times quite laughable things, seen from current perspective, had this role.
But to those people at that time it made sence due to scarcity or perceived beauty or whatever (it was the best available/known).
So basically what I'm trying to tell you is that value is a human concept and when you really start to think about it is based on quite a pile of quicksand kept together by trust of a big group of people.
This trust can be based on a consensus basis, like gold and silver, or be 'forced' upon us like fiat is.
I don't know where you are in your state of mind about this concept, but some basic understanding is needed to be able to make judgments on your own, so please dive into it if you want to be able to judge for yourself or else except you have to just trust/rely what others are saying.....
Ok, so how about the stock market vs gold vs money relation you talked about and of course Bitcoin.
I can't explain every part in detail, I could try but it would be a book, how I see it but lets go (simplified).
Stock market is about the precieved valuation of companies.
It is expressed in a currency we use, lets take the US dollar, which is fiat.
Fiat is controlled by a private company called The FED, and is backed by the government.
Governments need money, the FED can provide it and you are also forced to contribute by means of taxation and you are forced to pay these taxes in US dollars. 
This last line is, in a very basic version, the current system.
Again, I don't know your level of understanding, but if you didn't knew this or don't have some clear understanding of this concept you have to dive into it to understand since it is the basic of the current, corrupt, system.
I call it corrupt since money has such a big influence and power that the current government is so dependent on it, no one should think the FED has not infiltrated the system, and is able to influence a lot (I think too much). One of the reasons money preferably should not be controlled by any private party.
I can only hope I haven't lost you by now, thinking I'm a conspiracy nut or worse :0)
I hope you agree that being able to print money, let alone the world reserve currency like the the US dollar, is quite lucrative.
I'm not going to explain how the FED and fiat works, lots of info can be found.
So the FED has an interest to keep the system working while making some nice money doing so.
They do this by creating more or less dollars and by being able to set (manipulate) the interest rates, and since they have more or less infinite money available they can influence/control a LOT.
Parallel to this we have a stock market.
Companies succeed or fail and bounce up and down on the economic tide.
Stock valuations follow these trends offset by speculating forces.
Gold has it own history/story and since the dollar was decoupled both became quite complex.
At the moment the gold price is more influenced by derivatives than its physical trading.
Although over a long time it seems to be stable, the saying is you could have bought a nice suit allmost all the time humanity has used it for one ounce of gold, and that still goes today, it can fluctuate a lot over a shorter time frame or even locally.
Now a days it is still used by banks as collateral, most people value it own it as store of value etc.
But a lot of it is opaque like the excact holdings and whereabouts of it as well as it's price discovery.
As long as the current system is stable, no one seems to question it much and valuation of things are simply accepted and things seem stable, we all like to have some stability....
Once things get unstable, like a market crash, people get insecure and start questioning things.
Like why has fiat value, what is the economic outlook and thus what is the current and future value of companies.
When there is a market crash the biggest effect is the need for liquidity.
People act, sell stocks, cover speculative positions, seek safety in cash, etc etc.
Since gold is not used as money very widely, but some still used as insurance and as reserves, in such a scenario the need for liquidity gets so big also gold is being sold to fulfill that need for liquidity.
So gold dips in value.
If the crisis expands enough that fiat is eroded enough, the safe haven function of gold will pull the value of gold up again and that force is bigger, and later in the time, than the liquidity need.
This is the overall accepted story of why gold initially dips during the start of a crisis and if the crisis continues it goes up.
So how about Bitcoin?
Well Bitcoin can be seen as digital gold.
Like gold Bitcoin is not issued controlled by a central authority, as fiat is!
Thus it can't be abused like fiat by excessive printing etc.
This makes it a hedge against a crisis where both fiat and stock markets lose value rapid.
Bitcoin has some aspects that make it even better suited for this than gold.
Since Bitcoin hasn't been going through a real crisis, we have no prove how it will react to it.
And we don't know how a next crisis will look like, will it be short lived like 2007 or will we be going to through a new Great Recession?
All these factors, and more, will determine where gold will be going and also where Bitcoin will be going.
A initial drop due to described liquidity demand seems likely, it could even drop a lot more than gold since it doesn't have a long history trust like gold.
Even if we don't get a big crisis it's not sure where the current system is going to and if it will continue to be based on fiat.
World reserve currencies have allways just been temporarily.
So it's up to you to deside where all these variables are going to.
How do you think the current fiat system will develop?
Can we continue to build up debt, can the system keep faith in it, are we going cashless with negative interest rate across the board?
Is a new crisis coming, or can we have growth forever?
Will we have abundant enery even after we used our fossil fuels, can planet earth handle current pollution in such a way humans can thrive?
We have a lot going on.
America, China, Rusia are in a struggle for, economic, power.
The dollar is being abused and put to work as political tool.
Polution is getting to a point we can't ignore it much.
World wide debt is increasing to an absurd level.
Bitcoin can't be quaranteed to be a solution or safe haven or even succeed (can be something else for everyone).
But it's almost irresponsible not to have put some money in it as insurance, just like gold I would say.
@_date: 2019-06-30 21:09:36
The financial system will fail spectacularly.
I've got PM, I've got Bitcoins, but still I hope I will outlive that crash.
It's going to be such a mess just a few will be isolated from it, most will just suffer a lot.
Be aware of what you are cheering about.
@_date: 2019-06-22 12:41:43
Volume wise we are hardly getting started, but we are pulling quite a gap to the long term trend.
So we can expect a correction or passing previous ATH soon...
Don't you love it....
@_date: 2019-08-25 13:15:49
To be clear I was not thinking of a typo.
But if the reciever just states he didn't recieve the Satoshis or says he send you an different adress or whatever he comes up with, it's up to you to take action and prove things or get the reciever to stick to the deal (get the goods).
With sending a small amount that is verified by reciever first, I feel a lot more confidence the reciever won't even try to play such games with the final payment...
And if he does you have very convincing evidence you didn't made the mistake.
@_date: 2019-08-08 09:55:35
"any way I can make atleast $500 to $1000 per month with a $1000 investment. "
Well at least you now have your expectations at a realistic level....... /s
Learn from your mistakes.
Start by getting things in order, get an income, any income, dreaming on getting rich is just stupid.
If financial gain is your only goal start working on it, use your disposable income on serious investing.
But before starting on investing, get that first thing in place, get an income.
Use some time, like years, on saving and studying; investing, economy, money.
As you just have found out it is not easy and betting has just a small chance of success.
Good luck
@_date: 2019-06-15 15:28:30
I can follow your math quite well.
But you seem to ignore that fiat money has faith as basis.
Most had faith in the dollar since it was backed by physical gold and the US was simply the biggest economy at the time and it was seen as the biggest and most rational, democratic voice around.
Meaning you could exchange your dollars at a fix rate back to gold and this was guaranteed by the US government/fed.
When the government/fed printed too much dollars this was not sustainable and guess what, they let go this fixed exchange, you couldn't get gold for your dollars anymore.
This gave quite a big dent in the trust for the dollar.
That's why the petrodollar was arranged.
Most countries need to import oil.
Since the biggest oil exporters asked to be paid in dollars all these countries had to get some reserves in dollars to pay for it.
Since this was practically a world trade and of a very big absolute value, most other international trade followed this and also was exchanged in dollars.
With this mechanism the us guaranteed the dollar stayed the world reserve currency.
The points you mention about the us restricting some trades to be made in dollars is just misusing a currency for political purpose.
It's a power it has due to its monopoly.
It will also be just another factor in the demise of the dollar as reserve currency.
More and more countries are effected by these US policies.
These used to be the general agreed upon rogue countries.
But now we see this abuse is mostly in the interest of the US only or based on gaining or sticking to power. Even the 'good' countries start to suffer from it.
People start to question the verdicts the US dictates to the world.
Possible false flags are being called out more and more.
The Dollar and the US are clearly in decline, it will continue slowly untill it will go fast.
@_date: 2019-06-15 17:24:17
There's no such thing as an evil crypto currency..
There are evil creators, and dumb users...
@_date: 2019-10-26 12:50:50
Why would you even look?
For me the only relevance BTC expressed in fiat has is for checking a good moment to transfer fiat into BTC.
The next phase hopefully will be when BTC is used to express wealth or when it would be worth enough to retire or enable other life changing 'dreams'.  
Have fun out there!
@_date: 2019-08-12 09:43:14
You have to feel pity for them.
They see this thing called Bitcoin gaining traction.
It's undermining their system that is giving them their power.
They have no clear way how to stop it.
So now they are trying to just make something that looks the same and are going to promote as being better than Bitcoin.
They know chances are small people will fall for it.
But what else can they do?
They could join with other governments and make sound money themselves...
Yes but even than they know it won't be better than Bitcoin and they still would loose power.
Lets be honest who are we fooling, does anyone really believe governments would start to work together to just undermine their own power and give sound money to the people?
I am one of those who don't think we have seen the last battle over Bitcoin.
But I don't think they can just fool everyone with a new scam, and the chances of the biggest governments working together to successfully stop Bitcoin, sorry I don't see it happen.
The current system is too fucked up to be fixed.
It will go over the cliff.
Hodl !
The site is too screamy, Greyers is still not mentioning Bitcoin, but what he is predicting is going to happen:
@_date: 2019-06-05 18:32:25
Looking back is a smart thing to do.
I'm more focused on the first country to move on to the Bitcoin standard :0)
@_date: 2019-02-13 21:43:13
Don't know what is worse, John making such a stupid statement, or you wanting to see him actually doing it?
But if you even want to pay a million to watch it I would say you are worse...
@_date: 2019-06-22 12:02:58
Sorry, I feel a bit depressed since it would mean I likely won't be adding more whole Bitcoins to my stack...
@_date: 2019-02-28 23:16:24
Correct, but if that would lead to some 80-95% downsizing or allow btc......
Btw it's a strange reasoning to get to $67,193, if banks start to add btc as reserves it will just be the start of a new bullrun and not the end...
@_date: 2019-06-08 14:22:12
It's not very complicated but its made complicated, for a reason....
The basic thinking goes like this:
Money, vague manmade concept, should have a value, vague manmade concept.
Since you trade money for real stuff or get paid money for the work you have done it should represent a counter value.
To really understand the concepts of both value and money I would need some time to explain it to you, and since these are manmade concepts other people could disagree with my interpretation or explanation.... 
Nevertheless you should try to get a clear picture of what it is and how it works, most just except that it works in some way and don't really want to think about it.
The more they think about it the more they realize how vague it is and since it's pretty much the foundation of how most things work and interact it can be quite scary, and that seems to be one of the reasons most just ignore it....
Back to the first statement that money should have value.
While most agree with this it does not mean money is stable in that value or that everyone agrees on a certain value.
Even if I take one of the most basic measurement, one hour of labor, it quickly becomes clear how difficult value can be.
Your hour work can be worth much more or much less than mine.
And even if we can agree on that difference right now it could easily change in time or circumstances....
Sorry, back to that one sentence:
The value of money can be expressed in.... Uhmm... Shit... do you see just how hard that is?
Let me propose to express it in the interest rate I will charge you if you would borrow some amount for one year.
I would love to start the discussion that what ever we agree upon would be fair on the interest rate you would have to pay to me......, I'm almost convinced you would change your mind if I would turn the situation around and proposed I would lend that money from you for one year and would pay the same interest to you.
Please let this very simple but essential fact settle in.....
I'm just scratching the basics and hopefully I allready got you on a roller coaster...
Again sorry, back to that one line:
So I wanted to express the value of money in interest rate you would pay me if I would lend it to you in one year.
Lets say we agree on it being the long term average of the last 25 years.
I'm pulling it out of my a.. but I guess it's some where around 7%.
So that seems to be 25 years average indication of the value of money.
To be able to get that money today and to use it for one year you would have to pay me back the money and the additional 7% interest after that one year.
It doesn't matter much if we think it's much or little, that's it.
Paying much more and most would agree the value of money would have increased?
Paying much less and most would agree the value of money would have decreased?
But what if I had to pay you money after that one year as reward for lending it from me?
I think it would pretty much signal the money to be rather worthless?
Why for Gods sake would I give you money to use for a year and pay you money for it?
Isn't that the most direct signal that in my perception that money in some way is quite toxic to own?
Back to one of your questions.
What is wrong with negative interest?
Well if we agreed upon the remark that for money it's reasonable to have some value, negative interest rate signal/prove otherwise.
The best part of it that in this case the source of our money, the banks, signal us that the money has little to no value.
While they have done their utmost best to convince us for the last century it has value...
If it didn't have value... well the whole current system would quickly fall apart....
Why would I accept something worthless for my work, have to pay interest on the money I lend from the bank, would any shop accept it.......
I'm just scratching some of the basics.
It has taken me years of reading and thinking to come to this point where I think a understand some of the way we use money, think about value and how fiat, banks and governments all fits in the whole picture.
A lot of this shit is based on believes and make it hard to discuss, really understand, and let go of current insights and think about alternatives.
Since it is so basically integrated into how the current world works, what is perceived as happiness etc, just starting to question anything it's based upon is precieved by most as a direct assault.
And please realize a lot is at stake....
When you really think about how important it is I would argue these things would be one of the most discussed issues or best explained topics (in our education system for example).
But for some reasons, what would those be, it's not.
So we have to educate ourselves.
Read, a lot.
Think, a lot.
All these questions you ask, you should be able to answer yourself, these things are simply to important not to be able to.
A better understanding won't solve all problems or make live instantly better.
But some things will change.
Like why you would like to have some exposure to Bitcoin.
This is not A-Z, I doubt its even A or Z...
@_date: 2019-02-10 18:12:36
You must be on the other side of the planet compared to me, we have moon, almost, every night. 
@_date: 2019-06-22 09:59:57
Just looking at the graph I would agree, taking into account the current shit going on, economic state, printing of money, geopolitical shit, debt building up, etc. I judge different.
But that's looking at Bitcoin and not looking at OP..
@_date: 2019-06-10 17:01:05
From my memory , yes you can enter normal and capital letters, numbers, and some punctuation marks .
The whole, short, Ledger Live experience made me actually doubt if I should contact Ledger and apply for a job.
It's such a mess of non logic functionality cramped together in one application that it is really a show case of adding as much as possible ideas as fast as possible.
The final mess actually made a nice concept pretty wasted and all small bugs are annoying.
I used it to get the latest firmware on my nano's and got rid of it instantly.
@_date: 2019-06-30 21:22:51
I love this comment.
Right now Bitcoin is the future, but we are in uncharted waters.
Who knows what will happen the coming years.
If I would have to bet it's on Bitcoin, but we are not forced to bet and thus we should monitor.
Tech can be disruptive, governments can make strange movements.
Looking ahead in crypto currency land is hard, don't corner/lock yourself for a too long period.
@_date: 2019-06-22 13:03:03
Bitcoin is volatile betting is on your own risk, prepare to get burned.....
@_date: 2019-06-22 14:07:53
He means don't sell your kids, house, car, etc to cheap just to get into Bitcoin today.
Make sure you get some decent money for them....
You're welcome....
@_date: 2019-06-08 11:59:33
This is one of the least understood facts.
Besides that the mentioned value is nowadays expressed in something called fiat.
A remarkable concept all together:
We have something as vague and largely conceptual misunderstood concept called value.
And that is expressed in something called fiat.
Fiat is nothing more than a debt note.
It says something is owned to someone or something (it mentions 'in God we trust' and unfortunately thats is needed very much).
Fiat is forced upon us by governments/banks.
It has no other value than the hype made around it (trust/force).
It's only other value is just the paper and it's other materials it's made of, and at current market value not much at all.
The fact that it's simply abused to such an extent it dies every time again (inflated to death) is in fact one of the biggest differentiator compared to Bitcoin, hard cap and decentralized would be some others.
We are so indoctrinated by it that most have large problems understanding something like Gold.
And now we have this even weirder thing called Bitcoin (and lots of spinoffs, not making it easier for most).
Since most people have only learned to trust, forced to, something as vague as fiat it's not strange they don't know how to value something like Gold, it shouldn't be a surprise most have no clue how to recognize or interpreted something as new as Bitcoin.
There is no guarantee but it's going to be very hard to stop it.
And your basic thoughts are correct it should be going up a lot while making ground.
It just takes time to grow, develop the infrastructure and settle.
In that process of adoption and associated price discovery we will see crazy swings, that's just how normal price discovery works.
We now can't understand the valuation it had many years ago, and many years ago most couldn't fantom current valuation.
This process isn't gone stop for a long time.
For me Bitcoin has a few binary/stable outcomes.
It will be worth less to noting or it will have a lot of all wealth 'stored' in it.
Any in between situation is in my mind not a stable one and thus it will move to one of those.
It's currently one of the most sane and useful forms of money.
Gold is also sane but more cumbersome to use.
Most of the rest is just a pile of bullshit.
How will the trend, that more and more people are realizing this stop?
Unless a lot of governments join forces and will outlaw Bitcoin, and become a dictatorship, or an even better alternative arises it will keep growing.
No matter what happens this is by far the most exciting and possibly most disruptive technology we have seen since a long time.
Buckle up.
@_date: 2019-06-16 06:42:08
I support the miners too, what's wrong with that.
Ok I pay a bit less.....
(To be honest I don't even plan to pay $4 for sending $40 by a long shot :0)
@_date: 2019-06-16 11:11:55
I wear them regularly but only around the last ath it triggered some conversations most of the other time it's just the ones I told about it.
I'm working at a rather large 'high tech' company &gt; 20k people, and our central canteen accommodates several 1000 people.
It is proof to me we are just getting started..
(Or few want to share thoughts or exposure?)
@_date: 2019-02-24 07:51:30
Just remember a lot of people will have to go through this phase as well, and most likely a lot are not as smart as you so they will need even more time.
It's just how things work, it needs time.
@_date: 2019-06-10 09:17:26
Sure we can see the future and are willing to share this with you.......
Second we know your personal situation so we are even better positioned to give you sane advice.
There are several reasons to be in Bitcoin.
If you are in it for just speculation, no problem, just gamble whatever you can miss and set your time frame as you want.
I would think it's quite stupid to rely on others for making these kind of decisions but in the end don't we all gather info for decisions and somehow use these inputs from others to get to an opinion?
I'm in Bitcoin for several reasons.
First I heavily distrust fiat and the monetary system that's being forced upon me.
I started by differentiating in PM and for some years I'm also differentiating in Bitcoin.
Second, it's partially based on the first motivator, I think/hope these will have a better value proposition compared to most alternatives but especially fiat, said differently; greed, or common sense...
There can be other reasons, I read things like "I'm in it for the technology", but this could, or should?, mean they don't own Bitcoins or at least that's not the primary goal.
Owning Bitcoin is for all groups a different mental involvement.
The speculator is only interested in gaining as much as fiat value with the intention to transfer at some moment to fiat.
I'm in it with wealth preservation on my mind and although I love, and expect, a value increase it's just a nice thing. I'm not planning on stepping out at some moment but also can't rule out I will at some moment use Bitcoins/gains to spend or secure gains.
The last mentioned group cares the less about gains, value, number of Bitcoins in possession and just like to develop or learn from it.
So why are you in it?
What are your expectations and time frame?
What are other personal factors that have influence on all this?
You don't have to post it, I would think it's stupid to share to much personal info.
But once you can formulate an answer the funny thing is you can also best answer your own question you are asking right here.
I hope this rather long attempt in saying 'fuck off' makes some sense?
@_date: 2019-02-08 20:42:36
Don't know about that.
I would say smart folks don't go around carrying 50k cash in a suitcase.
They would go around with it on a hw wallet.
Or even better just with the recovery seed memorized.
Not sure why you conclude he has to be guilty of anything else than not being too smart..
@_date: 2019-06-22 12:06:45
Wow we are moving fast NZ and others have been overtaken by now....
@_date: 2019-02-11 18:10:51
You must realize you couldn't have sold without a buyer don't you?
So if anything you should be grateful.
Next I would reason it was smart/good timing to do, but it would be even smarter if you would buy again lower.
And if you can do that several times in a row, wow you have my respect.
I'm just a Hodler, I hope to be smarter the next ath, but I know I'm a bad timer so for me the target is just accumulate.
Use your gains smart!
@_date: 2019-06-22 13:00:34
I think they will wake up if we break ATH, better prepare for some FOMO....
@_date: 2019-06-16 11:39:07
Laying awake figuring what to do with my $ 4,000.
@_date: 2019-06-10 17:02:46
Thanks, your remark actually put a smile on my face, it's nice these critical reactions are appreciated by some.
@_date: 2019-06-22 13:48:17
I'm not sure if I follow this.
Regulating by who?
I think Bitcoin is regulated as much as is needed by its implementation as is.
To succeed we just need more daily adoption, by then governments will follow and  abusers will be treated as current abusers of fiat.
With the addition that governments and banks can't play their games, read abuse, anymore as they can with fiat.
Governments and banks will lose a lot of power, one thing I vote for, but humanity in general will gain a lot, just another thing I vote for.
So although I understand we need some regulations I would like a lot of it to differ from the current regulations that are towards fiat.
What you call normal money I call it a tool to abuse.
With Bitcoin only coding is involved and no power or opinion or possible abuse with the best intentions. 
Bitcoin doesn't need to  adapt to current regulations, current regulations need to adapt to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-02-20 21:20:15
So I can choose to spend a grand on a phone that probably looses half of it's value the next 12 months, or buy worth a grand of BTC that could well double in value the next 12 months..
I would like the phone, but damn that BTC is looking sexy too...
@_date: 2019-02-12 17:27:55
"Bitcoin and blockchain have yielded nothing and have no actual use"
So you just proved you can't correctly interpreted available facts, but you do want us to predict the future?
So even if someone would provide this info about the future correctly, you probably will misinterpret this info but perhaps by accident make a possible correct decision.
I get it, smart thinking of you!
@_date: 2019-02-25 19:35:25
Look ar the S10, just released, 12GB work memory, 1 TB storage, and then one sd slot to add another 512GB...
As always most people simply don't realize how More's law works for us..
It is slowing down a bit, but nevertheless it's still going strong..
2 years or 4 years and it is wel possible each phone will support the network as fullnode or LN node.
Hw wallets seem to get integrated from the start, again check the S10 and others.
Battery life? Talk to you in 2 to 4 years again.
Did you check the possibilities of 5G?
Ha ha, yes they will try to stop it or make it hard, but technology wise we are just started...
@_date: 2019-06-29 08:02:41
I can see you really thought things over.
So you think it good that some party has the power to rob rich people from the wealth they gained?
It makes clear in what position you are...
Indeed inflation makes it more easy to pay your debt over time.
So you are happy to put yourself in a big debt now just so you can enjoy future wealth now, but the price you pay is that you will remain a debt slave the rest of your life?
Did you ever calculated how much money you paid the bank for lending you that principal once you are done?
Most of us pay 2 or even 3 times the money they have borrowed.
Did you know that the bank does not lend you money that other people brought in but that the bank just creates that money out of nothing and by just doing that they get paid back that created money by a factor 2 or 3, and you have to work for that money you can't create it out of the air.
This whole system is about increasing the total amount of money and the biggest gainers are those close to the system. 
The biggest burden of inflation becomes clear when you take your retirement into account.
Your mortgage is mostly for a time frame of 20 to 30 years, your pension is build up over a period of mostly some 40 to 50 years, and it doesn't stop there it keeps working untill the day you are dying.
All that time inflation takes away the buying power of your savings just like it makes your mortgage cheaper. But since the timeframe of your pension is much longer the impact is bigger.
Besides that the total amount for you to be able to retire is much bigger than what you lend for your house, so the banks win twice!
In fact the reality it is even worse but I'll keep it simple.
So inflation is used indeed to make you borrow a lot and you think you can handle it since inflation makes it cheaper in the future to pay it back.
But no one explains to you the same effect works against you for the money you need to retire.
And the time frame of your retirement savings is a lot longer and the amount involved is a lot bigger.
But you LOVE it.....
It gets way more complicated than these basic facts and you are being screwed in many more ways you don't realize.
But start with these basic ones, once you open pandora's box there's no way back.
@_date: 2019-02-21 18:12:01
Perhaps keep it's color sceme stick to bitcoin symbol, so orange circle with white?
(I'm in favor of using Satoshi iso BTC, sooner or later we will get there or BTC will be gone...)
@_date: 2019-06-17 20:34:59
You're right, the biggest driving power is faith.
That's always been the case with money and always will be the case.
Bitcoin is just the best, most sound and usable, money around at the moment.
That's all, pretty simple as it should be.
It's all discussed before, the basics, why it's fluctuating so much etc.
Why do you expect or want us to change your mind?
How about making up your mind yourself and trust on it?
@_date: 2019-06-15 16:13:20
Really nice to see this kind of logical reasoning and explaining.
I still think Bitcoin will surprise most of us.
It's performance untill now is quite amazing, but i think the future will be even more volatile.
Although most seem to think it's recent performance was incredible and not sustainable I think it could just be the start.
There is no guarantee it will succeed, but in the bigger picture Bitcoin has only started to suck in wealth.
I still expect a final, or perhaps several decentralized attempts, try to destroy it.
But when Bitcoin survives and starts being used by countries as reserves there will be little possible to stop it.
By that time the total amount of wealth trying to escape into Bitcoin will be so much overwhelming supply, daily moves will be just insane.
It is hard to imagine what will happen when governments and things like pension funds, insurance companies and all other big netto value owners will start bidding for available Bitcoins.
A lot of current hodlers will give in to selling/trading some or all simply because they are blinded by wealth being offered, not realizing the biggest wealth and only deflating one, still is just Bitcoin or step out due to volatility.
Imagine you have ten or hundreds or thousands of Bitcoins and we do hit prices of $ 100's K or a $ million or even higher prices, wouldn't you be tempted to realize dreams and buy land/houses/cars whatever?
Could you handle a rise or drop of $10K a day, what about a $100K rise or drop a day?
I won't be surprised to see a lot who spent to much to soon and will end up in trouble.
Buying a nice house, car won't be the problem but living and sustaining an accompanying lifestyle probably will be.
I think it wasn't easy to get here today and I think it's going to be even harder in the future.
Strong hands will get a new meaning.
And even for those with strong hands these life changing events won't be for the best.
Prepare, hodl and keep sane.
@_date: 2019-02-23 12:29:49
Not possible for me to calculate, still adding Satoshis....
@_date: 2019-06-16 06:35:55
Getting some money is usually just the first step people admire.
After that is achieved, other, more sinister, thoughts pop up, like power or worse.
And in the, slim, case that won't happen there will be plenty of others who see your wealth and get bad ideas.
From that point on it's going down hill rather quickly.
In other words know what you wish for...
@_date: 2019-02-27 18:53:44
Please,  downloading btc is so 2010's...., we now upload btc to you, just send us the right amount of fiat and your public adress..
@_date: 2019-12-05 17:27:15
You have to follow the sequence and be carefull how to install them. See the official website for precise instructions.
Just take your time to read and understand it before you start.
@_date: 2019-12-06 15:08:26
Do bears shit in the forest?
@_date: 2019-06-20 20:43:19
Looks good, nice page!
@_date: 2019-12-06 15:03:58
I can't prove it nor put any number on it, but from the start the ledger live sw gives me the creeps.
In my view it's by far the biggest attack vector using a Ledger device.
I avoid it as much as possible and seriously consider to configure a separate computer on linux for it to just solely use it as interface to my ledger S.
Yes I'm a bit paranoid at times....
@_date: 2019-12-17 20:04:20
The only thing being sold over here is fiat.
@_date: 2019-06-22 09:55:21
I gave you a upvote..
I think you are touching some interesting points.
But :0)
Please learn to use some open lines.
And cut crap like ' multidimensional-extraterrestrial-interventionists', what you are trying to tell is allready two or more steps away from what most people are ready to accept, this kind of remarks will just prove them right in judging you are crazy.
Realize we could be close to a phase like the collapse of the Roman Empire, but we could also be no where near..
Finally, yes a plan is the start, but some smart guy said 'every body has a plan untill they are punched in the face' especially in relation to the scenario you describe no truer words have ever been spoken.
@_date: 2019-02-25 19:22:00
He is correct.
What he doesn't get or tells us is that the fiat system is controlled by charlatans.
Time is running out, tick tock...
@_date: 2019-06-09 10:50:29
Btcyoda• 1h	
The title promised a lot..
Sorry I must be getting old.... How can you call this a review? The title on your yt-video is a better indicator of what to expect, although I would change it to "unboxing, some usage and vague conclusions"
Just a few things that bothered me: "Weight, a hefty 34 grams", yes I 'm sure you upgraded your health insurance to cover the increased back injuries risks since you've now added this hefty 34 grams to your backpack.
"Usage is more intuitive than it's predecessor thanks to its two large buttons and larger screen" Yes the buttons are bigger and the screen is larger, but how did you came to the conclusion these features made it more intuitive? The placement of the buttons could make the handling a bit easier, the big feature is the fact that the adress is now displayed as a whole and not scrolling over the screen like on the S! That's convenience I think? Please explain what made the usage more intuitive?
"After extensive testing" Bold for sure, but if you make such a statement about something as a hw wallet without stating what and how you tested it...
Finally you mention functionality.... Some how you think not being able to use the device for it's main goal is just an inconvenience... Even if you can't use it properly for litecoin only, it's still a major problem, imagine you only have litecoins and bought it.....
How can connectivity issues just be a small issue, it's some basic functionality needed for it to function properly? The interface, ledger live, is an essential part of the hw. You need it to be able to do anything with it. Why is it almost completely ignored, you mentioned it but that is all?
And finally what about the FUNCTIONALITY? How easy is it to use? How about the setup, how about importing an existing seed, how do you enter your pin, how easy to change it, how about adding and using a pass phrase, how about switching between CC's, how do you get a receiving address, how about sending, what do you think of the fact the ui shows your complete life savings if you want to pay for a coffee?
Just a few things that come to mind as a USER ! Did you actually used it a all?
Your review follows the general trend that products are something you just unpack and then throw away. Just try to find some real info on any product to realize there are 90 unboxing videos and then one that actually discuss how the product funtions, let alone something about the lifetime of it....
But as mentioned above I guess I'm getting old, and grumpy... No I didn't got motivated to actually watch the video....
@_date: 2019-06-22 09:31:01
It are just opinions.....
I tend to agree.
When zooming out 10k seems more like a correction back to the longer term uptrend from the too high top and too deep bottom (just normal human emotions).
I was lucky enough to scoop up some Satoshis due to this line of thinking just above the low of recent dip ( after buying more on the way down so in no way I'm some smart investor)
No matter how you look at it its performance is quite incredible to be honest, unless you think it's a lottery ticket and expect to win the jackpot in one go.
At this moment some multiple factors favor Bitcoin, like the overall economic outlook, the ongoing printing world wide of fiat, accumulating debt, war threats etc.
I expect new FOMO to kick in around the last ATH and new people will start questioning their beliefs again. A new wave can also be expected when constitutional money or governments will start buying in. From that point of view current market capitalization is still small...
Although I'm not happy about these developments it sure will help Bitcoin, and Gold for that matter, to keep going up.
In fact most still don't see these this for what they really are so be ready for some real crazy stuff.
If things would become a bit more quiet the uptrend could slow down but to be honest I only see more shit on the horizon.
Just be happy you have got some insurance it could be sooner/ harder needed than most realize at this moment.
@_date: 2019-12-04 08:45:43
Some call it boring, usually those are the same people who complain at a new ath they should have bought the dips.
Some would call it accumulation time...
Just saying..
@_date: 2019-06-22 18:08:49
Again I'm not fully understanding what you think.
Money shouldn't have to be regulated or have to have a central authority that can be held accountable?
The core, one aspect, of Bitcoin is excactly the fact we are lacking it.
It's not forced upon anyone so it also doesn't need a power behind it nor an authority to be held accountable, it's not a weakness it's a strength.
The fact that someone can commit a fraud or rob someone is completely separated from the form of money. 
Governments and the law enforcement should handle crimes and a judge should make a verdict on the punishment.
To me preferably they're completely separated from, the form of, money.
I think we have been blind sided by the fiat situation where we think some central identity can and should solve all issues regarding to our mishandling it.
If we send money to the wrong party we expect them to solve it, put money in a vague bank because it pays a bit more but then goes broke, why should it be able or be forced to pay more than average is apparently not a question we have to ask, and we expect to be covered by something.
I'm not saying you shouldn't be able to insure yourself against it but I think it's not fair if those costs are forced upon every one by simply creating more fiat to compensate mentioned cases.
If you lend someone money you get a compensation by the interest being paid, that should also cover the risk you do not get all money back in some cases.
By putting that burden on everyone ,risks are not taken seriously  and money just becomes to cheap.
That causes everyone going into debt, increasing the problem even more and we end up being where we are now.
And all is regulated and insured , but it can't be insured, if too big risks are taken to much debt is built up it simply can't be paid also not by governments.
The result will be printing money and inflation up to hyper inflation.
We simply can't trust governments or banks to be able to resist the power that printing money gives them.
They all think they  know how it works they now what they do , and every time they prove you can't control something as an economy or the whole population.
Somewhere along the line someone won't resist to that opportunity to make a lot of money by just some cheating up untill some willing or capable to go into total dictatorship.
The bigger the scope, now mostly countries and god  prevent it will one day be global, the bigger the power and as the saying goes the bigger the corruption will be.
So that's the strength of Bitcoin it's simply taken out of the hands of humans.
@_date: 2019-12-11 20:45:53
It will collapse, but try to time it and you will look foolish.
@_date: 2019-12-29 10:45:13
You mean just like the other big runs previous to last ATH.
You might be on to something!
Just hodl and extend your time frame to something like 10 years.
@_date: 2019-12-06 08:51:37
Good topic, but don't pretend you are the know it all.
We need to bring up the risks and discuss possible solutions but consider everyone is different and has different needs.
From my point of view we would need to start with the basics.
Your 24 word seed is the basis, it's what you need to control your coins and realize that everyone who gains access to your seed has the same power as you from that moment on.
How to store your seed has been discussed extensively and you can just pick a solution that fits your risk appetite, complexity you want, investment needed to balance your money at stake etc. Etc.
To move btc in or out of your 'account' most use a wallet.
Also wallets have many flavors and different security features.
Again there are good discussions available to read.
The next issue is how to 'connect' your private key to your wallet.
In short, one of the safest way to do that is using a hw wallet that simply makes it hard for others to get access to your private key, but not impossible...
If your private key only applies to a wallet containing your coffee money it's not a big issue to have a mobile wallet that also  stores your private key on it, but you need to realize the more open, a device connected to the internet or if you carry it every where and thus increasing chances to loose it, you put the money in it at a higher risk.
Bottom line there are many ways of storing btc.
Your life savings need a different approach than your coffee money. Your trading account needs an completely different solution than the previous two, etc.
Only when you realize these differences and know about the different risks you can think of solutions that work or suit your situation.
After reading a lot of horror stories I identified some of the biggest risks.
I think number one is people loosing access to their coins by doing stupid things. They forgot they had them, lost their seed, made their security so complex they couldn't solve it themselves later on and I guess people dying without others knowing about their btc or seed is also on the radar.
In that context spreading your coins over multiple seeds security solutions also involves additional risks.
Somewhere high is on the list are theft and stupidity.
No, nobody is going to double your coins in a week.
Yes putting your seed online in whatever form is asking for problems. Once you send your coins they are gone, period, the bitcoin protocol doesn't care you made a typo or if malware on your computer changed the address and neither gives a shit if the person you send it to is a criminal and doesn't do what he/she promised, these are all your responsibilities.
Bitcoin is revolutionary but it also comes with a unique set of responsibilities. The only way to be safe is getting to know your stuff and act in a safe way.
This means you have to invest quite some time and most likely also some money to be and stay save.
And last: living can't be absolutely safe accept it and man up, live it.
@_date: 2019-02-26 20:59:52
I would buy one.
I would only be afraid for some possible reactions like, "I'm sorry for your losses, here's some change...."
@_date: 2019-12-03 20:06:55
guess I'm an exception then?
Not your keys not you coins!
@_date: 2019-12-07 20:35:37
My son he must be...
@_date: 2019-12-02 18:35:28
 You say you are aware the 'space is huge' but your question implies you do not understand the consequences of it being huge or don't understand how huge it factually is..
@_date: 2019-12-04 08:38:40
Bitcoin makes money movers pretty much obsolete.
It doesn't matter much if they are fiat movers or gold movers.
Don't expect any of the money movers to be positive about Bitcoin unless they have found a way to make money via Bitcoin.
Neither expect them to abandon their current milk cow easily.
@_date: 2019-06-30 21:00:52
Ok and this got you mad?
Please don't dive into what fiat excactly is.
Please don't read up on infation.
Etc, etc.
I'm afraid you might hurt yourself...
But yes Bitcoin solves these issues too!
@_date: 2019-02-24 08:00:33
"If the market cap was the same as the derivatives market it would be 70 million per coin. (That is one expensive coin)."
The derivatives are more or less a casino, where the big parties are the dealer.....
So it just shows how insanely much money is used by our banks, that uses our money, etc to gamble, to just keep the system afloat.
If that fiat was put into such a sane thing as bitcoin is, imagine how much better the whole system would be able to work, on a stable basis, without these insane risks...
That is what Bitcoin is about, that's why we have to fight for it and it's the same reason those other parties gaining from the current system are against it.
We are taking away the casino from the gambling addict, the booze from the alcoholic...
@_date: 2019-12-05 07:56:44
But, but It was supposed to be dead,... or at least dy soon.....
@_date: 2019-06-15 14:01:55
Scarcity can mean different things to different people.
I like to take the bull by the horns: Bitcoin has a hard cap.
And that is a very rare aspect.
Gold could be called scarce but the higher it's value would go the more natural deposits become economically feasible to mine.
We could even go into space at one point where it would be available plentifully compared to what's available on earth.
Bitcoin has a hard cap of 21 million.
And most of these are mined allready.
The fun thing is the more people want to own a share the higher the price will go.
Just look at its history.
We are getting close to the point where the value of a, whole, Bitcoin will be so high we are going to express it in smaller units to be practical.
When this continues, no guarantee, and Bitcoin will suck in most wealth and some where we will express it's value in Satoshis, the basic unit.
The nice thing is we can easily expess it's value in even smaller dominations like is being done on the LN network.
Some tend to argue that expressing it in smaller dominations is the same as creating more Bitcoin but this is a basic mistake.
We don't add more bitcoin, and by that diluting the value of existing Bitcoins, we express it's value in smaller dominations because the value of the previous used domination has just become to big to be useful.
In this respect Bitcoin is rather unique, no other form of money is hard capped, and the closest form of sane money can't just as practical being expressed in smaller dominations because soon after being close to a gram it's going to by physically impractical to use it anymore.
While for Bitcoin it won't be an issue to keep going to smaller dominations without limits unless we run out of expressions to give it a name....
We could express the whole world economic value in one Bitcoin or for that matter even in one Satoshi, it wouldn't be a problem, it would only mean we would have to go to smaller dominations to be able to express something with a current value matching one dollar.
That's why lost Bitcoins are no problem, it only makes the remaining Bitcoins worth more.
It won't be an issue if we would need to express it's value in Satoshi or smaller dominations, it would just mean your share would be worth a lot!
Just be happy you got involved in this time we are expressing its value per Bitcoin, it's pretty clear soon we will be expressing it in a smaller domination because one Bitcoin will simply be worth a lot more.
By the time we are talking about value expressed in Satoshi in daily life, one Bitcoin will be close in the magnitude of a million dollars.
It's just up to you wetter you would still have a whole Bitcoin or not.......
@_date: 2019-12-08 13:07:02
The easiest way of using a quantum computer to gain Bitcoins at this moment is probably use is physical properties.
Like position it above somebody's head and tell him you will crush his head with it if he doesn't give his Bitcoins to you.
A more serious answer is rather technical and since your question is so vague the most reasonable answer would be yes or no.
It's simply not that easy to answer and a lot of variables come into play.
Things like is the intention to gain money from it or is the goal no matter the costs involved nor time, you just want to break something, solve a problem, or kill Bitcoin.
In the first case at this moment no it can't be done easily.
In the second case you do not even need a quantum computer just any combination of process power and time will be sufficient. But either the timing involved will be on astronomical scale or the process power will have to be insane.
The same answer goes more or less for quantum computers.
It can be used to do specific things much more efficiently than conventional computers.
Nevertheless it doesn't mean it comes for free.
What do you mean with 'break Bitcoin'?
Just be lucky to find the private key of one address or be able to do it cost efficiently for many?
If you realize being able to do this would either destroy Bitcoin who would keep using it? Or would force a change in the protocol to be resilient, you would realize you could better use that computing power to mine Bitcoin?
Or is your intention indeed to kill it?
So in the end yes quantum computers could be developed that are suited to either brute force encryption or perhaps mine BTC  efficiently.
But why is it not done yet? Because of the costs or complexity involved.
This will probably change if the development of these computers evolve even more.
But the Bitcoin protocol could at the same time be adjusted to be hardened against these specific attacks.
And thus as everything in life it's an endless race.
I simplified a lot and some is at the least fuzzy.
But since your question is such that I only can guess at the level your thinking is going I don't want to spend more time explaining it in more details or more correctly.
@_date: 2019-12-03 10:00:18
Beeing free means constant worry and headache.
It will never be popular. People want easy, quick, save and insured solutions.
Beeing alive means constant worry and headache....
Do you see where this is going?
@_date: 2019-12-30 10:49:01
The model try's to predict the future.
And it does it by assuming it keeps following current trends.
It can't predict deviations.
Like a government that will use bitcoins as a currency or financial institutions that will use it to store value, or Bitcoin taking over the role as world reserve currency.
If one of these scenarios does happen the curve will change a little, and it will be just enough to be a huge change for me.
@_date: 2019-06-22 14:28:10
How about double the upvotes to see how the bots react, I mean last ~year was enough of a dip I like the uptrend better....
@_date: 2019-12-02 20:49:54
8 lines to describe the difference between being your own bank  or being dependent on one is worth every letter to me.
@_date: 2019-06-15 20:52:07
The current price increase is caused by more and more people seeing Bitcoin as a better money than fiat.
The blatant abuse of fiat is getting more clear by the day.
I expect this trend to last for at least another 10 but probably 20 years.
By that time Bitcoin will have taken over much of fiat market share.
@_date: 2019-12-12 17:15:12
Unfortunately some will need pain before they wake up.
For the others: get your keys and keep them.
@_date: 2019-12-11 08:26:58
I'm pretty sure some parties would try very hard to convince them democracy should give people choices but when money is involved the only good choice would be their fiat.
If sanity prevails the money movers will fail.
But I have seen enough to doubt about the average sanity level.
@_date: 2019-12-07 13:53:12
Anonymity in crypto means to me inability to link persons to the addresses used.
Since the Bitcoin system doesn't store an persons identity or makes a hard link between a person and the addresses in use it's quite anonymous.
The problem to anonymity is two fold, first all transactions between addresses ever done are stored and viewable by everyone second as soon as at any moment in time in some way someone's identity is coupled to an address every action that person does with every satoshi involved with that address is trackable.
If you now think about the moments where this coupling between an identity and an address could be possible or is done: buying Bitcoin when kyc applies, buying something with Bitcoin where kyc applies, when a party sends you Bitcoin and knows you, when you send Bitcoin and the reciever knows you, etc. It shouldn't be hard to imagine that without some smart thinking when buying btc and recieving and spending hygiene, most or all your addresses will be easily coupled to you.
There are many ways to do decoupling or use a cc that is by design more anonymous.
To me the biggest issue is that I have to protect myself from government and other criminals that want to rob me from the stuff I own and will try vigorously as soon as they know there's something to grab.
But it's just a fact of live at the moment.
I would rather live somewhere where governments protects me from such wrongdoing iso them being the biggest criminals.
If you know such a place please let me know.
Untill then we have to protect ourselves whether we like it or not, or accept the robbing.
@_date: 2019-12-18 22:17:54
Bitcoin is ready for mass adoption if used as a store of wealth.
You could say that it's not ready for massive every day payments.
Lightning is a BIG step forward for massive payments, but indeed not yet up to usage for the average person.
To me this all just means there is work to do, and that means it will grow.
First more people will realize the hard way that fiat is not suited as store of wealth and will find Bitcoin.
Second technology will solve current shortcomings of lightning.
By that time Bitcoin must either be stopped (how?) Or it will take over such a large part of current payments and with such a speed it will surprise a lot of people.
I know I am blatant positive.
@_date: 2019-12-30 11:07:10
There is one huge advantage most don't see.
With the creation of new money the issuer is the one that gains the most.
It goes like this: there is an amount of money with a certain value.
The issuer of new money can spend that new money at the current value. By the time the new money reaches the normal people the increased money supply has caused that money to be worth less. The more money created the bigger the devaluation.
With Bitcoin they can create new money to buy Bitcoin, but then you as seller are suddenly at the very beginning of the money flow. You can spend it at it's current value.
The other visible aspect is your savings.
In fiat it will loose value due to inflation.
In Bitcoin it will gain value, there will be more fiat to buy Bitcoin.
It may sound simple, but it is basically eroding away the trust in fiat. Untill Bitcoin there was no real, easy alternative and Bicoin makes it blatantly visible how fiat works.
Even those who don't want to understand or see the mechanism, they will see the value of Bitcoin increase, and that will prove a pretty strong motivator.
@_date: 2019-04-21 17:17:19
No that's some one else.
Haven't seen him for some time.
@_date: 2019-02-26 11:19:09
I don't know.
But the biggest amount of coins in possession is 1 million, so even he could only dump a thousand BTC a thousand times....
If there are parties with enough money they could buy BTC to dump them but the total effect on price would be small and it would cost them a lot of money every time they do it.
Bottom line the number of BTC are hard capped.
So manipulation is not without costs or unending..
If BTC survives the overall trend will be up, and up by a lot...
@_date: 2019-12-15 14:44:28
Good question.
The ones who issued the debt are the ones who gained most from it.
The ones who accepted the debt as 'paymeny' for their services and goods are the ones who will try to get something back for it, that will be anything they value.
The normal people, being you and me, are the ones who are backing up the debt with just about everything we own and will ever make, including our kids if applicable.
When it all unravels we will pay for it some way or the other.
To give some options; by (hyper)inflation, utter poverty, slavery (did I mention our kids?), war, evaporated pensions, homes loosing 90% of their value, stock market collapse, etc etc.
The great recession will probably be out done.
It's hard to imagine the current system to last another decade, but then I didn't expect we would be still running today when thinking about it ten years ago.
 Got Bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-12-17 20:10:35
Someone calling me?
Make sure you are fit.
Make sure you have some useful skills.
Make sure you have some gold, silver and Bitcoin.
See you on the other side.
@_date: 2019-12-15 20:53:57
Bitcoin only needs more users
@_date: 2019-12-01 20:18:15
I think we should be able to explain it.
in a simple way it would look something like this:
Bitcoins reside on a big online database, it just keeps track of the exact amount stored in different addresses.
This database is not owned by anyone, everyone that wants to can keep it's own copy.
To proof you are owner of Bitcoins in a certain address you need to provide proof by means of a unique code we call private key.
a safe way to store such a private key would be a hw-wallet like this Nano-s.
This hw-wallet can be used to prove you are owner and spend your Bitcoin.
That would mean send some of your bitcoins to an address that belongs to someone else.
He/she can then use those send coins by proving he/she is the owner by means of their private key.
The hw-wallet can also provide a new address for you to be able to receive Bitcoin from someone else.
With some patience this can be explained to most.
I'm sure there will be many questions that will pop up, but thats just part of the game.
@_date: 2019-12-15 08:02:01
I have this in my head for some time now...
Bitcoins natural growth will keep pushing its price slowly up.
Every now and than we will see spurts due to an other stigma broken, think of last ath or any other nice ringing number, the halving schedule hard implemented, new technology like lightning mature, etc.
But if it's allowed to follow this natural path it will also be pushed up by other external events.
The financial structures are becoming unstable and more important visible unstable for everyone who wants to see it.
This triggers asymmetrical movements out of the old financial structures into safe havens.
Somewhere these things will bring Bitcoin to $ 100K, and in my mind automatically will mean we will match and surpass the gold marked cap, from my mind in the order of $ 3 to 4 hundred K.
Somewhere on that line the dollar will loose its stable value and start to inflate and probably hyper inflate and thus Bitcoin expressed in dollars will lose all meaning.
From there on most will be a gamble.
Will Bitcoin become the new world reserve currency?
Will there be war?
Will there be the biggest recession?
I think even with some Bitcoin it will be a hard time, but without  some.........
@_date: 2019-04-02 19:04:59
It's not that hard to imagine.
When the last fiat billion will be poured into Bitcoin the needle won't move at all.
It will not buy that much Satoshis at all, it would mean the price of Bitcoin has finally became stable, nobody will talk about how much anything is costing expressed in Dollars but it will be expressed in Bitcoin.
The only question is how about you?
@_date: 2019-06-22 12:22:35
Ok these replies show you are further, far, than your post suggested.
Since you have come this far you just need to realize not many people can give you sound, that means with absolutely certainty,  advise.
The fact we conclude its good/sound money doesn't mean it is, or better said that a majority of humankind agrees with us.
So I see it as a possible future it will be the new world reserve currency and put in some money, besides having PM.
On the one hand it's hard to not see it happen on the other hand I have experienced smart people not being able to see it....
In the end it's about the potential gains against the risk involved.
I haven't seen any better proposition in a long time...
The fact I distrust fiat/banks/governments makes Bitcoin is allready a logical choice and just adds to the actual size of my stack.
@_date: 2019-06-17 21:03:16
Some things can be told but that doesn't mean that those listening can comprehend it.
Money is a strange thing, while most of us use it daily, and their life and wellbeing depending on it, at the same time most of them really have no clue what money really is.
I can only advise you to dive into what money is.
There are many books or online info to be found.
Once you understand what money is how it's being used what gives it value, you can start questioning what fiat is, why gold is money and what Bitcoin is.
Did you use "stardust" by accident or did you know that Gold is indeed dust coming from exploded stars?
You probably think you allready know what money is.
But your questions just point out you don't have a clue.
We can tell you a lot but wisdom is something you gain, it can't just be handed to you.
Only after digging for some years and pealing off layers I started to realize what fiat was.
For years I escaped to Gold, and only a few years back I started to understand what Bitcoin could be.
It's not supposed to be easy, there is too much at stake for the current system to lose.
But finally we really have a tool that could change the monopoly.
You are just scratching some surface dig deeper.
@_date: 2019-12-07 19:28:54
Money should be judged on all properties and the potential improvements it has.
Yes fees, and I guess it's volatility, and even some more properties are not yet very good.
But it's core features are so superior to current competing forms that in combination with possible future improvements, with some of them readily available in their basic form think of lighting, it will blow all others completely out of the water.
If people will be ready to adopt it or if there will come even better forms is something else.
But at this moment it's king.
@_date: 2019-12-15 20:48:37
Ok, I always wait some weeks before updating to new firmware to see what it does to other users.
The desk app I have only downloaded once to be able to install mentioned firmware to my device.
Especially the desktop app is to me a big attack vector and I definitely won't just download the latest greatest.
I'm still waiting for the posts that mentions a fresh installed update asks for your seed because it is needed for (fill in your vague reason).
@_date: 2019-12-07 12:28:39
Just another sample of someone who has found a way to make, a nice sum of, money in the current system.
Sure he's not going to proclaim a system that could replace the current one, and thus take away his current source of income, as the holy grail.
@_date: 2019-12-07 12:39:11
I realized that although I really believe Bitcoin is a better system and should be something we all should be fighting for, that is by far the general opinion.
So it's still a contrarian bet.
I use my direct colleagues as reference.
They are by most definitions the smartest around.
Although I disagree when it comes to their financial, economic, social insight.
As long as they argue with me Bitcoin is shit, worthless, not working etc, and proclaim fiat is so much better for all known arguments out there, we are still in the early phase with all risks and opportunities that come with that.
I'm just embracing that situation and hopefully it goes the way I think it should/will go.
@_date: 2019-12-27 11:18:16
Just some years ago you needed at least a few thousand Bitcoin to matter.
Than the absolute minimum was a few hundred.
Not so long ago 21 was quite easy for most people to buy.
Now some are having a hard time to just buy one.
We are now in the transition where most will have to let go of whole numbers of Bitcoin to have.
If Bitcoin continues on this path, and I see no reason why it would not continue, some day a million satoshi will be the new "to achieve" amount for a lot of people.
I don't know where this will stop.
But I am trying to have enough Bitcoin that for most others it will be impossible to ever get their hands on.
It's simple, I believe in the power of savings.
That it's a sane way of achieving things, opposite to borrowing money.
Saving in fiat is more beneficial to others than the saver.
So I look for better saving options.
Bitcoin is just one of the alternatives out there.
It's just one of the alternatives I really like for several reasons.
@_date: 2019-02-23 10:06:49
I like think BTC will fail or succeed.
A fail would mean it would vanish, succeed would mean used worldwide by a large portion of humanity for storing wealth and/or used as money.
For me it is hard to think of an in between situation, think of it like the world reserve currency the dollar is right now. It is used like that or it isn't. The time in between is the transition period from the old to a new world reserve currency.
For long I realized how crazy the fiat system was but only recent started to believe BTC could actually be an alternative.
There is no certainty no guarantees but I think we all would be better off with it replacing fiat.
To be honest some 1% or even less would suffer from it, but I like to think they gained enough from the current system for allready too long...
Besides that BTC could be the perfect match of the properties like Gold and modern currencies combined.
It's hard to believe it won't be used for what it has to offer.
Only for those reasons I put some off my wealth in it.
Enough to be scared during a downturn as we are in now and enough to be verry happy when at an ath.
Because of the amount involved at that time I am thinking about the dilemma of locking in some gains at that moment or stick to the believe BTC is the future so there is no need to try to maximize my wealth even more...
Looking back is easy, sell around the top buy back at the low.
I didn't sell, but bought more last year.
So I proved I can't predict BTC value, I should have sold close to the top and bought more only at the latest low.
Realizing this it means trying that game would be foolish..
It is proven over and over, just read the posts.
Some of the few who did sold close to last top are now asking if they should buy back in....
Just by that stating they were only lucky.
@_date: 2019-04-05 16:56:10
I know how hard it is not to focus on price alone, but really you shouldn't.
Unless you are a, day, trader get it to the background.
Focus on the developments, get a node up and running, get lightning going.
Buy a t-shirt, mug, stickers, anything to get a conversation on Bitcoin going and make sure that you know what you are talking about!
Understanding how money works is knowledge useful for the rest of your life.
If you know what Bitcoin is and how it works, price will move to the background.
The next ath will be nice, the downs will just be phases to accumulate.
If it will succeed you wil be glad you where in it long before it got really mainstream.
If it would fail or be taken over by a better solution you will have the knowledge to see it and move.
Most of all you will get some peace of mind.
@_date: 2019-04-27 09:50:57
It's even worse, catching pedophiles is worth something to me and society.
KYC is just a way to oppress people being able to control, rob them.
KYC is actually enabling criminals to keep doing their things.
@_date: 2019-12-07 12:24:17
Or to put it in the present, how about those we are born poor, don't have parents who can pay for education, normal food, health care?
It's just sad to realize how rotten the world is for a big chunk of humans.
Just realize Bitcoin gives most of them a better chance of getting in a better position.
As opposed to the current system that mostly makes it impossible.
Bitcoin is just the best form of money available, but it can't fix flaws in humanity.
@_date: 2019-02-26 11:06:54
The trick is they want to steer our behavior.
If you can steer people on how they use money you have immense power.
With fiat the governments and banks have a nice tool to steer us.
Inflation tends to stimulate spending, why would you save if inflation is equal or higher to what you earn if you save your money in a bank account.
So banks and governments use these tools to steer our behavior.
The first problem that can arise is, they could be wrong.
Even if they mean well the economy is a complex thing not everything you make up will work out that way.
The real problems show up when government does not have the people's well being in mind.
Just look at Venezuela or Zimbabwe to see current samples.
These organizations are used to be at the steering wheel and mostly think they know best.
Or in more obvious cases, Venezuela, just don't care for anything else than their own gains.
For them to be able to be in control they can't have competition for their fiat.
In case of Venezuela every one would transfer to Silver, Gold or BTC.
So clearly they will make that as hard as possible.
Declare the use illegal, and if you control the food supply and only accept fiat...
So the more you read about Gold, BTC, or any form of sound money being demonized you know we are getting closer to the point they will have to start using more extreme measures to steer us, negative intrest, higher inflation etc.
Most people, believing government has the best interests for them and being jealous at the gains made by gold, BTC etc, will be very much in favor of laws restricting the use of it or extreme taxing.
In the old days miners would bring a canary into the mines to warn them of poisoning gases.
The IWF would warn that these canaries can lead to panic among the miners....
@_date: 2019-12-22 08:00:46
It was long ago  and quite early.
Only when I realized fully how the current system works against us I really started to think Bitcoin over again.
At that time I was already getting out of fiat but put it into PM.
I'm not sure what convinced me to start believing in Bitcoin, or should I say believing it could be an alternative.
Since than all spare money went into Bitcoin.
Most of it I see as saving, only spending little.
It's both that I think it will rise more as it not being accepted at a lot of places.
@_date: 2019-04-26 16:16:39
Fiat doesn't impress us.
It should have depicted a hw wallet so we could all dream of the insane amount of Bitcoin that could be there.
@_date: 2019-12-30 10:42:30
You are correct.
But there is a difference between going to a normal magician where you are amazed and do not understand how the trick works, being the current system, and going to the same show where the different lightning shows you exactly how the trick works.
Bitcoin is the latter, by being able to see what banks do with your money and the fact they can't print more of them, makes a huge difference.
Also for governments it will be clear where all their, our,  money goes to.
So most vague spendings and hidden budgets will disappear.
No it won't change human nature, but it will reveal that nature while fiat just makes it easier to hide those bad intentions and actions.
It will make it possible to break current power system, where a few have the privilege to create money from out of nowhere and charge interest over that created money.
It will make it possible for an average person to save money and it will gain value iso the old system that robs you by deflation.
It will stimulate saving and thus becoming financial independent iso borrowing and thus be a modern slave.
It will enable you to retire at some age while the current system made this possible by creating debt and that will stop at some moment and at that moment destroy the wealth of at least one generation.
In short it's healthy money.
Money is the basis of a good functioning society.
With a sound basis there is at least a chance of building something solid on top of it.
@_date: 2019-12-06 11:36:14
I'm pretty sure Bitcoin will be fine by then.
But let's now talk about the chances Deutsche Bank will be doing fine by then or will even exist.
Where can I place my bets, btw that excludes being in BTC that is covered.
@_date: 2019-04-25 16:38:49
I guess we all think of these scenarios.
If you seriously invest or have been investing you should own some full btc...
If so and indeed you expect to have one or two bullrun's ahead of us..
It's going to make you rich or verry rich.
Is it worth taking the risk of being wrong when stepping out?
(What if you miss the bottom and don't buy in again)
How much stress will it give you executing your plan?
I watched and lived trough the last ath quite relaxed.
Yes I could have had ~4 times more Bitcoin's if excecuted perfectly.
And that's a big if.
At $12k I bought some more and have been buying untill ~ $8k and couldn't believe we dropped that much and would continue dropping.
At that time my buffer was gone.
I saved up untill recent and started buying again a little above the bottom.
That is if it indeed was the real bottom!
Looking back I wouldn't have excecuted a perfect sell point and buy back point.
So I doubt if I can so in a next run...
I think I will be happy with sitting a next run out again, trusting on it and knowing/hoping for a new repeat.
You should also take into account other possible disruptions, if the dollar would crash, war would break out, etc, I would definitely put my bets on Bitcoin and not sell a new bullrun since I just wouldn't know where it would stop and what an alternative would be (for sure not fiat!)
Good luck!
@_date: 2019-12-15 20:56:18
It blew up the price, and it will continue to blow it up.
And that's just fine by me.
@_date: 2019-12-02 20:56:29
Are you sure you are not confusing your girlfriend for an address?
@_date: 2019-04-23 18:22:24
I guess the truth sounds universal, it doesn't matter who speaks it?
(Thanks for the compliment :0)
@_date: 2019-04-18 07:15:25
This is probably the most bullish post in months (reasoning has been mentioned in several other posts in this tread).
"Pay more than $5k for bitcoin"
It's just the way you want to look at it, I read: the incredible discount to buy 100 million Satoshis at only $5k, thats 100 thousand Satoshis for just a dollar.
So basically the only risk you take is that Bitcoin will disappear all together, any other case and it is just more likely these Satoshis will become worth just some more.
Do you think the first people who stumbled upon this strange yellow stuff lying on the ground and is now called Gold imagined one day it would cost over $1k an ounce?
And I haven't even started about the real value of Bitcoin, why the hell would you keep your wealth in fiat, the currency designed to make you slowly poor and in the end just a debt slave?
Concluding, if this is your biggest problem, it's 'hard' to obtain Bitcoin, perhaps it's so because it should be.
I'm just laughing all day since it's so easy to gain real wealth.
It won't last very long!
@_date: 2019-04-02 19:26:01
Like the other remark, the blockchain you have is synced or not.
It is simply a data base with all transactions done, so as long as Bitcoin will be with us it will get an update roughly every 10 minutes with the latest transactions.
What use do you have with the status of the database of, lets say, a year ago?
You would just miss all transactions of last year.
But if you are downloading it you can stop whenever you want, just realize you don't have the latest status of the chain!
(Edit: not completely sure about this statement, if you download the chain you do not just download the status but you also, the Software will do that, calculate/check each transaction if it is valid on its own. Thats why we say don't trust verify. I think it's also possible to just download the current status but that is a bit less secure than having a verified version)
@_date: 2019-04-02 20:08:42
That is true if it goes up.
You must also be capable of handling the downs...
@_date: 2019-12-14 09:52:33
I would swear I saw this species at a dinosaurs exhibition.
@_date: 2019-04-01 17:49:20
What do you mean with "Wouldn't this be a good sign that Bitcoin isn't going anywhere?"
Since a lot of these whales are in Bitcoin for allready some time I would consider them being smart (the value since then has 10, 100 or even 1000 folded).
So the fact these 'smart' people seems to think it will gain even more, the reason for not selling yet, I tend to think Bitcoin is definitely going somewhere..
@_date: 2019-12-12 17:19:14
Please tell me they predict btc is dying.
Usually the best news I can find.
@_date: 2019-08-09 14:01:00
Please just send me the money, I mean if it so easy, that isn't going to be any problem is it?
@_date: 2019-12-02 18:51:29
Just admit you won't ever get over the fact you just missed out on the previous ATH's.
And that won't get any better by also missing out on ATH's that have to come.
Even worse if there won't be a new ATH you still just missed out on the previous ones.
Now I understand why you are so miserable.
@_date: 2019-04-11 18:31:23
Then hodl some..
@_date: 2019-06-23 07:57:32
Perhaps, just a thought, someone stupid enough to fall for these send me one get back two etc. scams should not be into bitcoin?
Perhaps they should not have direct access to any money for that matter and parents, partner, family or whoever should protect such people from themselves.
Bitcoin solves a lot of problems and it is pretty perfect, but stupidity is one of those things it can't solve.
To the contrary, I would say the combination of stupidity and Bitcoin is a guarantee to lose it all.
@_date: 2019-04-07 11:43:11
A agree with this worry.
But I think government should be afraid of the people and not the other way around.
Unfortunately a lot of people don't realize this and even less are willing to actually DO something about it.
It's a culture, painstakingly put in place for people to expect freedom is something others have to take care for. The picture painted that government is there for the people AND that governments knows what it is doing.
Wel it's not nice for them to find out but those ideas are FALSE.
And Bitcoin is one of the few tools at our disposal to use in the fight.
I know a lot do not yet agree or see it.
So that's why I'm fine that a lot of them are here for greed only.
In this case the reason might be wrong but some will wake up and tell others, it will become an avalanche, and hopefully one that will prove to be unstoppable.
Most governments are allready to powerful, to invading in our daily lives.
The combination with fiat money makes the system virtually impossible to fight.
We only need a critical mass, and I hope to witness that new era.
@_date: 2019-04-07 11:58:48
I am i a relatively free part of the world so in my case it's a two way aspect.
If I would buy Bitcoin anonymous I would have an issue spending them when the value exploded.
So I have bought most of it legally traceable provable.
If things really get out of hands I realize I will have to move to a place that is better suited, but that would be the same for anonymous coins.
If my government keeps us relative free I can opt to just pay taxes and have it legally available.
If I had anonymous coins I always would have the issue how to spend it especially if the value exploded.
This situation can be different depending on your situation but keep these two different aspects in mind.
@_date: 2019-04-27 08:42:00
It's just something we have to go through.
I see it as education/knowledge we lost for some generations.
It's called value.
We are so used to worthless fiat that we simply lost most of the concept of value and wealth.
If you doubt my statement about fiat being worthless just look at interest rates.
Interest rates are a measurement of the value of the underlying stuff.
The higher the rates are the more it is valued.
Some 20 years ago the interest rates on money was far above 10% so it was valued something.
Now interest rates are below zero they are negative, just signaling how worthless it has become.
The reasons behind it are also clear, they started to print to much of it.
It has always been worthless, just depending on how they marketed it (quite good marketing I must admit).
But recently they just overshoot their hands and the trust people had started to be questioned.
How much money can be created what are the consequences?
How much debt can a person have and pay back, how much can a country or government go into debt?
How much wealth can be created artificially by derivatives?
How far can we push the fiat scam before people are loosing trust?
Fiat could be a perfect money, just like most things could be.
The only risk is it can be abused by the party that can create it.
Well knowing human nature I know where it will go.
At some point someone will control it that doesn't have others interest as highest priority.
They have created a perfect system with almost no escape possibilities.
Gold is capped by the controled derivatives that now has a bigger influence on price than the physical markets.
Inflation has been cleverly sold as good and necessary for a smooth functioning market, but did nothing more than lurking people in more debt and inflating the housing market to everything else.
And most of us felt like we were gaining wealth by all these fake indicators.
People have started to trust the banks and all these fake promises (your money is insured but that is NOT equivalent to the supposed underlying WEALTH).
Trust in government being there for the interest of the people is miss placed, they are in there for their own interests in the first place, the banks and  big companies are at a second place, if you are lucky you are at the third place but I wouldn't count on it.
And now the system is cracking.
With just one disturbing change, we have this thing called Bitcoin!
Most people still have no clue what it could be.
Even most in government and banks can't believe it could be an alternative.
Those who do see it are of course denying it, ridiculing it.
They can't stand it that their carefully created money has now an alternative.
And it's an alternative they can't control, they can't create it at will and let you pay for lending this freely created stuff.
Finally some are realize money is simply what we all agree upon.
So why would we put all our wealth all our labor into the hands of a money completely controlled by some people who only have their own interests at stake.
It's used to control us, to transfer our wealth to the few and pay for our governments.
We are put in debt preventing the largest part of us the build real wealth, forcing us to spend a big part of our labor the pay rent, pay rent on something that can be created at no cost at all.
Bitcoin can break us free.
Since Bitcoin is not controlled by someone, it's an algorithm with a hard cap, it just can't be tampered with.
(That is the biggest risk: some party getting control and somehow forcing the community to use the new hard fork)
Bitcoin is a new mean for the normal people to build wealth that can't be easily controlled, stolen or diluted.
But it also means it could break the control and a big part of the power that banks and governments currently have.
So the few who realize it are scared of it.
Since most people don't know what it is or are new to the whole concept of ownership of real wealth and the responsibility that comes with it a lot is simply lost.
When gold was lost it was 'easy' to retrieve it 'just' had to be found again.
With Bitcoin lost private keys are simply lost forever.
It's a shame for the previous owners but a blessing to the remaining owners.
I just see it as a step in evolution, adapt or be left behind.
You can like it or not but nature just don't give a fuc..
Globalization also means a greater need for a global currency.
Gold is cumbersome, fiat just can't be trusted.
The genie is out of the bottle we can now only watch where it will go to.
I decided I want to own some of it just in case...
@_date: 2019-04-05 17:09:24
It's a matter of time.
Once most small amount transactions go via lightning and only the bigger transactions are on chain, it will be over.
And if people are willing to pay the needed, higher, fee on chain for whatever they want to do, I do not care either, just thanks for supporting the miners!
Haven't seen the lighting option at my exchange yet, but can't wait to give it a try...
@_date: 2019-12-06 18:03:14
Yep untill you have to upgrade the firmware.
@_date: 2019-04-13 17:16:48
What does your bank account cost you?
You do know that the money you store there isn't yours the moment you deposit or when your boss pays you via wire transfer?
Have you ever thought about inflation, what it is how it's created and what it does to your money if you would leave it in your bank or savings account for 10, 20 or 50 years?
Ever read about a bank going tits up or blocking an account?
Well even if you have and simply don't give a fuck, fine.
At least now others who do care have a choice!
And is paying 70-140 euro for a hw wallet realy to much?
Is setting up a Ledger Nano to hard?
Writting down and safely storing 24 words to complex?
Well I guess Darwin was a bitch wasn't he?
@_date: 2019-04-27 08:53:09
Yes, when you think about something of real value or real wealth a good definition could be " someting that's not easy to replace "
So your health or happiness are in that basket.
When we materialize it we think of your house car etc.
Fiat shouldn't be on that list since it is very easy to replace (printing it cost literally cents for a hundred dollar bill).
And then we have Bitcoin.
Since it supply is even harder capped than gold you should get some sense of it's value.
Iike you can only insure your health for some lousy replacement (fiat) Bitcoin is also hard to really insure.!
Like your other real wealth, health, happiness, you have it or you don't
@_date: 2019-04-28 11:45:51
It's just part of the hardening process.
They laugh at you when it goes down they envy you when it goes up.
Since over the long time it keeps going up...., quite a lot..., just prepare for what is coming.
If you can't handle it learn to shut up, probably the best strategy anyway.
@_date: 2019-04-01 16:10:09
If you feel uncomfortable with the Bitcoin wealth you have, you could spread it.
But indeed the question would be: spread it into what?
Gold or silver could be an answer but I think these are in the same 'risk' field as Bitcoin.
You could also think of land or other property, these have their own advantages and disadvantages.
I think it's smart to think about these things ahead, unfortunately I don't have a perfect solution available.
That would also be very dependent on your own situation and needs.
@_date: 2019-04-19 08:48:58
Well it's the same view as it ever, for me that's two years now, was.
(Two years since I put money into it, been reading about it for much longer)
Bitcoin could have a bright future.
If adoption keeps growing the price will go up and if institutional money will pour in taking out the previous ath will be peanuts and 6 digits $ Bitcoin will be reached.
So I guess this is what you wanted to read?
I think above is possible and hope for!
But it's only part of the picture.
With big gains come big risks.
Another hard fork, read big egos in the development team that think they know best or just go for personal gains or whatever, could do serious harm.
Governments could decide enough is enough and realize Bitcoin is eating away too much of their power, the could declare it illegal, possession criminal, start a campaign to point out it is money of terrorist, etc. 
The longer Bitcoin is out there the harder it will be, but don't underestimate the power of governments especially if they feel really threatened.
This could mean you would have to move to a more Bitcoin friendly country in a worst case and don't expect it will be an easy step with only positive aspects.
It's also possible a bug will be introduced with big effects.
Not everyone, not by far, is capable or willing to be their own bank.
A lot of people who are into Bitcoin just seem to forget this.
Developments will make this more easy but it will take time.
This is also a last aspect I need to adress separate, it won't make you rich in just a few years.
Some think they just pour in some money and expect to have huge gains in just a few years.
Yes when looking back that was possible, if you stepped in at the right time and could predict the top correctly and locked in gains. Unfortunately there are not many who pulled it off.
All the above is only about potential, financial, gains, you have these opportunities in a lot of markets and doesn't apply to Bitcoin only.
The biggest gains you probably are able to make are of another order.
You break free from the fiat game.
You will gain more freedom.
It gives you a opportunity to build real wealth, without banks and government an easy way to siphon a lot away from it.
These last things are harder to grasp and to most don't even appeal as it should.
You only start appreciating it if you understand how fiat works, if you realize how little real freedom we have in the end.
But once you see it all possible financial gains to be made will shift more to the background.
You will be ready to bear the risks and sleep fine.
If you would really understand you also won't have to ask your question nor how much you will need to put into it, 'investing' will become building wealth, etc.
That is where you should aim for, so continue the journey, dive into it untill you grasp these aspects.
@_date: 2019-04-21 16:33:48
The price is quite easy to figure out, the value could be an entire other matter though.
@_date: 2019-04-22 11:11:52
Yes sorry.
Money is the  most understood language nowadays.
We could talk about lines of code being added but how many would read them, understand them, or even give a shit?
We are going beyond technology as a new developments have to go through to keep growing.
We are talking about a peer to peer payments system.
Is it strange we have to compare it to the most adopted fiat at this moment ?
The day we will express value or wealth in Bitcoin or Satoshis is coming but not yet.
@_date: 2019-12-12 12:19:27
Don't worry too much.
Unless you are Satoshi all your Bitcoins will be picked up without much disturbance.
@_date: 2019-04-21 17:35:13
You know the fiat has lost completely if even those close to the printer just don't want it anymore.
That fiat game is coming to an end.
@_date: 2019-04-13 10:11:10
It's supposed to be, an attempt to, humor / satire.
No reason to become religious, it's the opposite to be honest :0)
@_date: 2019-04-02 19:51:45
Depending on the time frame you look moves are smoothed out.
If you watched it real time, with a minute or 5 minutes update frame, it did move above 5k, if you now look at it you probably view it with a larger time frame and the move is dampened.
@_date: 2019-04-08 17:11:32
Aren't we all over here?
( millionaire or some shit)
@_date: 2019-04-25 20:12:21
Thanks, hadn't seen that before!
@_date: 2019-04-06 07:23:25
I try to USE it as much as possible.
I put more and more wealth in it because I distrust fiat and because Bitcoin is the best alternative.
Yes I also expect it to rise in value, because of above reasons.
@_date: 2019-04-08 16:51:43
I think we are here, planet earth, too.
Doesn't mean we have any clue where we are even if we were right in the first place.
And that is just about the now, please let's not go to a possible future...
Just enjoy the journey, and if you are right about the current Bitcoin development some of us better buckle up.
@_date: 2019-04-13 12:43:48
It's gone be interesting.
How can someone proof that you where actively trying to find such a key iso the case your wallet would generate such key by accident?
Even if done on purpose if one would hit a jackpot any smart person would tumble these coins into oblivion making a case just as impossible as finding that loaded key in the first place.
Dreaming is allowed.
@_date: 2019-04-07 21:17:24
It is difficult to predict the future.
Never the less I see some movements that point out to me things are changing.
The yellow vest movement is just one of those samples.
The media is telling us it started with a very distinct change, I thought it was some tax increase on petrol, but I think that was just a drop that caused the bucket to overflow.
The root is decenia of increasing tax pressure without income increases to compensate for it.
Slowly people were loosing buying power and somewhere there is a breaking point.
This phenomena is happening everywhere.
The costs to keep the system upright is increasing.
Some of that money is created by the debt that is pilling up.
Some of that money has to be paid by all of us.
It's a trap, if the economic growth can't keep up with the higher expenses, at some point something has to break.
Since banks and governments only have a few controls, creating more money and lowering interests, this has to end somewhere.
We know what happens if a country pushes it too far, Germany went through such a hyperinflation period, as recent Zimbabwe and now Venezuela are going through.
But now the whole financial first world is getting close to such an mess.
If the system goes through such a run away on that scale, who knows what will happen and how to stop it?
Governments are proven to not be able, or willing, to stop it.
So even when I agree on your statement governments never want to lose control, they're not able to prevent such a system from a run away scenario.
I think they even know it is more or less build in the current system but that same system gives them their power.
And for sure they won't let go of that, even if they know sooner or later the whole system has to come crumbling down.
They know the normal person will suffer more then they will, second they think they have it under control, and as last option they think they will always be capable of just run far away.
The current system simply can't continue as is for ever.
The only unknown is when it will collapse and how big the damage will be.
I can't predict the timing but I can try to prepare as best as I can for it.
Bitcoin right know is a very sane hedge against such a scenario to me.
@_date: 2019-04-08 16:33:49
It's not easy I guess.
Lets start with less government, not just 10% less, no reduce it to only 10% of what it is right now.
It would make it much easier to ensure the remaining government would be there for the people iso trying to control every aspect of our lives and taxing the hell out of us just to support that insane big organism.
Perhaps we could/need to go to 1% or even 0.1%.
I would like to see smaller communities iso 'country' like structures.
People with a similar mindset should work together to accomplish common goals.
Yes multinationals as we know them know would have to disappear for a big part.
Yes I would have less material wealth.
But I think most of us would be a lot happier.
Bitcoin is 'just' sound money.
A big improvement over what we have know and it would break the current monopoly of banks and a big part of the power of current governments.
It's deflationary property would indeed break our chains with consumerism, I would think not a bad case seen what we are doing to the environment.
It would only help us better focus on what is important to be happy iso only focus on material possessions.
I agree it's hard to imagine we will go into that direction.
What will al those sociopaths do if there were no big companies where they can succeed?
How will we prevent power hungry people from starting wars?
I don't have all answers but we have to start somewhere and let Bitcoin give us a perfect start with a change in the right direction.
Who knows what it will bring in 10, 50 or a 100 years from now.
It has my support.
@_date: 2019-04-28 09:58:55
"They" allow you to think you are free.
But as soon as you act in that way, well watch your back!
@_date: 2019-04-22 10:53:21
I tend to agree.
I'm sure some, local, though battles will have to be fought.
Some governments, Venezuela as sample, have nothing else to loose so will do crazy shit to keep control and use fiat to their advantage.
But allready over there you also hear stories that officials, government and police or army, are grabbing miners and confiscate Bitcoin and other CC's ( to use themselves).
It simply shows the fiat shit can only be taken so far before sound money will take over.
I still doubt how the more developed world will handle it.
What will the Fed do if the dollar starts inflating too much?
Fight Bitcoin or embrace it?
Same for Europe, Asia, Russia etc?
I think they allready realize fiat is running a lost game, but will they start a win or loose all fight?
As soon as some developed countries switch to CC it's done.
Only a all out war against such countries could stop or slow it down.
It will also show to everyone the real nature of fiat.
The genie is out of the bottle.
The timing and amount of chaos and pain are the only variables left.
@_date: 2019-04-05 17:56:30
Sorry, you where calling for me?
@_date: 2019-04-02 19:16:31
It's just another BIG warning and the reason we yell: NOT YOUR PRIVATE KEY NOT YOUR BITCOINS.
Another verry good reason not to store anything else on an exchange than the coins you actively trade with is to prevent exchanges to use your Bitcoins for their own interests by manipulating the market.
And if you believe you are smarter than those exchanges, well you got my respect!
If you think these exchanges will act in your favor, well please wake up!
@_date: 2019-04-01 19:00:48
I thought you you were on that line, I just could interpreted it differently.
@_date: 2019-04-05 17:20:38
I understand doubt on the way down, but why when it seems to turn around and perhaps be the beginning of a new bullrun?
I mean if you don't believe in Bitcoin are you just day trading?
But if you believe in it and realize we where at $20k just over a year ago why would you do anything else but accumulating at these prices?
@_date: 2019-04-02 19:55:53
I love that view, and the more you dive into what Bitcoin is the less a bet/gamble it becomes!
@_date: 2019-12-04 21:54:14
Just to update you, we already mooned, for some even more than once....
If it makes you feel better, I think it will moon even more.
By just reporting your holdings to the tax guy you will be safe, luckily in my juristriction taxation is not to bad.
You could gamble by keeping your holdings hidden but then spending it could be an issue.
If you plan on moving to some Bitcoin friendly country after mooning that could work but could also be a nightmare.
And as others mentioned you could plan on spending Bitcoin, meaning never convert to fiat again, but also that involves risks.
So if the taxation is not to bad my advice would be to play it by the rules. It's not sexy, not bold, and could still be a risk if taxation or government go bad.
So a plan B for our plan B is always a smart idea.
@_date: 2019-04-06 17:06:19
Well..., welcome to Bitcoin, the place where dreams tend to come true.
(And often faster than expected (i see John's predictions as too optimistic but who knows ))
@_date: 2019-12-22 07:51:17
Not your keys not your coins.
Only if you are a trader there is a good reason to have it on an exchange.
For the rest, get then on a hw wallet asap.
Besides the obvious risks, why the hell would you let someone use your coins to manipulate Bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-04-27 09:32:27
For some reason you made a pretty decent gamble.
Now make sure you learn about it and what it is and make sure you also better understand it's opposite fiat.
Hopefully you learn enough before the next ath so you don't do something less smart/lucky.
Welcome to the sound money world, hope you willl be here the rest of your life.
@_date: 2019-04-05 16:58:22
Are we comparing, market capitalization.. Or volume... Or technology... Or the soundest money with the brightest future?
(On the latest "yes we are there")
@_date: 2019-04-18 07:29:55
Haha this is fun.
When ever someone or something is mentioning any service, especially when money or better wealth is involved, is for free, you better be sure you ARE on the hook one way or the other, they are just not HONEST to you or are hiding it.
Bitcoin is just: what you see is what you get.
No it's not free, it's just incredible cheap, no one can inflate it away, there is no central regulator who can fuck any individual when they think that is needed or wanted, etc.
Have you heard of lightning, let me guess, too complicated?
Please don't use it if you don't like it, plenty of fiat 'alternatives' with great "promises" available!
@_date: 2019-04-23 18:30:44
I can remember not too long ago on a gold bug forum bitcoiners ridiculed by the gold bugs.
When a Bitcoin came close to an ounce of gold it was just temporary and those bitcoiners would have better to collect their gold equivalent before going down the drain...
Well it got to one ounce...., and then some, the discussion quietly died.
And now I read this: one Bitcoin being compared to 9.5 kg gold.
I guess those gold bugs will call us crazy again.
We will just have to wait some more I think?
@_date: 2019-04-11 18:30:14
Uhmmm start buying some?
@_date: 2019-04-27 09:06:39
When I zoom in on the samples I can't read the text (making the poster useless)?
Is it like this in reality?
If not please make better pictures so these thumbs match reality.
@_date: 2019-04-22 10:32:27
I have to clear up I guess.
With wallet I was talking about a new 24 words seed, I think that is often called account.
Since I only use a nano-s the default created wallet has no pass phrase or 25th word.
So first I created a new 24 seed with an additional 25th word.
In the default wallet I put a small amount and will add some transactions in time to make it look used.
In the wallet with the pass phrase I store the bigger amount that functions as saving account or cold storage.
My original account, 24 words seed, has all previous transactions visible.
So keeping a small amount in it as decoy would look quite suspicious.
I did create a pass phrase for it to store the bulk, but again the bait wallet gives away too much info.
So I'm going to create a new, third 24 words seed, account.
The default wallet of it will be set up with a small amount and regular small transactions to make it plausible as normal wallet.
The to be created wallet with pass phrase will then be used as bulk storage.
The first original 24 words seed will completely be cleared and not used anymore.
With this setup and two nano-s wallets I will have a hw wallet for on the go and a backup.
It will have a default wallet with a small amount and a pass phrase protect wallet for bulk storage.
My back up nano-s will have the second 24 words seed, and same set up.
This will be my cold storage or pension fund so to say.
Would my daily used nano-s get lost or stolen, I can always use my backup nano-s, restore the seed of my daily account and be up and running again.
I could order a new hw wallet to go back to the original situation.
Should I get robbed, loosing the default wallet with little content would be ok.
Storage of both 24 words seeds is something I have to work out better.
I have seen some complex solutions like storage in multiple places.
@_date: 2019-04-13 12:50:52
"Despite this, Bitcoin has managed to maintain steady momentum over the last decade, growing its market capitalization from practically nothing, up to over $300 billion as interest in the cryptocurrency grew to stratospheric levels in 2017."
My advice would be to leave some room for future namings.
What will they call it the next run and the one after that, etc?
Suggestion: "it made a small jump end 2017."
This leaves room for appropriate naming soon... :0)
@_date: 2019-04-02 19:42:14
It is that easy.
But you will only understand it truly when you have gone through a down turn with some money at stake or only after a second ath...
And to be honest the next ath could take us that high that I still won't be perfectly at ease because of the amount involved and the knowledge it could/will go down a lot again and it won't be possible to pinpoint the hight or moment even close....
@_date: 2019-04-13 12:54:11
I would finally come out of the woods and say " hey I have some Satoshi left who is bidding?"
@_date: 2018-11-04 18:40:35
I have so many questions I hope you don't mind...
If you put all your money 10 years ago in dollars would it have helped, I mean it's not that 10 years ago you could have set some month wages aside in dollars and would have that available now at current inflated prices, probably you would have spend all of it slowy but steady to live as normally as possible and would have used that saved money in just a year or few years?
Beside dollars and crypto what else is useful?
Is gold/silver usefull or a wealth preserver?
Is growing your own food working or is that making you a target?
Are small communities forming to protect against crime?
If you have a home do you have to pay taxes on it is it affordable, is it true that due to the inflation all house loans are now paid off, it should be just a month salary or less?
How do you see this spiral ending?
@_date: 2018-11-01 19:15:49
There is a lot to learn young padawan.
If you start judging before you fully understand the basics, strange or simply wrong conclusions are to be expected.
Although most of us use fiat on a daily basis, there are remarkable few who really understand the plain basics of it, and of those who roughly do understand a lot do not, want to see, know the implications.
In short:
Fiat is based on debt, it is debt, it's easy to repeat this but you really have to think it over to step out of the usual bias that the stuff is worth something.
These paper notes you have in your pocket are just a note that says that someone, it is not defined who that is, has a debt to someone else, also not defined, and the amount of debt is the number on that piece of paper and the unit is also mentioned, lets assume US Dollar.
Again most just seem to accept this statement but do not want to think about the implications.
We are forced to use it since we can only pay our taxes with it, forced by the government with their violence monopoly.
Lookup how the US dollars went from a gold standard, yes once your dollar was hard coupled to gold and silver, to the current fiat piece of paper.
We are so brainwashed about it that we now simply only fallback to our Paflov reaction that it has value. 
We are so trained that we love it, we save it as if it has some value, we even bring it to the bank who 'saves' it for us and since it is so valuable we get, used to get, an interest over it.
And everyone falls for it.
They do not realize that as soon as you bring it to the bank it's gone, it's officially not your money anymore, you have a claim on the bank.
That money isn't at the bank they only hold a fractional reserve of it.
And than we even overlook the basic again,it is so easy to forget, that stupid note only says someone is owning some else something.
Yes I know you can exchange these pieces of paper for real stuff and you can even buy gold with it.
But no one is backing it up except for that holy bond of government and central bank (do you now begin to understand why it mentions "in God we trust"? Well we will have to).
And the only reason they do it is because they benefit immensely from it.
They can control you with it, they use it to transfer wealth from us to them, invest how inflation works!
The national bank, the FED since we talk about us Dollars, is granted by the us government to issue said dollars. Don't forget these national banks are private institutions! And to make the system work, they force us to use it, the government state that you can only pay your taxes with these dollars.
Since a long time the government cannot raise enough taxes to cover their expenses they also borrow from the FED to make up for the difference.
Since the government has a power/force/violence monopoly it makes the circle compleet.
They give these private banks the solely right to issue money and they protect the banks.
The banks create money and for a fee lend it to the goverment and the population.
Since the fiat system is designed to only grow inflation is build in to it.
So by lending it from the bank, you both have to pay an interest and you also have the guarantee that the value in time will only decrease.
They also did a very good job of selling inflation as a good thing.
Remember your debt will be easy to pay off in time!
And an other effect is the perceived wealth increase: due to inflation our houses keep rising in value.
(Yes expressed in that fiat....)
Since we are now living in a world where most of us live in debt most of our lives we tend to focus on that debt and how good inflation is to that debt.
So we forget that the inflation effects on our savings, yes I know most must ask "what savings", is much bigger and thus the impact as well.
The only real reason the system appears to be working is the absurt production efficiency we achieved the last millennium and the cheap fossil fuels to keep it running.
But if we look at that efficiency boost we clearly see our wealth did not increase by the same amount, not even close.
Well by now you should have a clue where it did go.
And so my young padawan you now have some leads to think over and start studying.
Most won't do it because the truth is just to painful.
Most/all of us are being scammed daily and it is not a nice feeling so most don't want to know.
And that is where BTC is making the difference.
No one is giving it value but we the people.
No one can inflate its supply.
No one is forcing us to use it, or can prevent us from using it.
There is no need anymore for a third party to handle transactions.
There is no one to trust except yourself, so no need to have some insurance etc.
Yes that sounds scary but think about who is backing up gold, with what?
So now think again about one of your arguments in favor of banks: "provide loans"
How did that work before there were banks?
Is it really needed?
A debt is taking wealth from the future to the presence.
It has to be paid back but with interest.
For some It is fine if the next generation will have the burden on it.
But in most of the times if you really think about it, it is stupid.
Yes I know the story that you can increase production faster with a loan than that you could without it.
But most of the time this is just only material thinking, more is better and noting is good enough.
Final line we live on a finite planet, never ending growth is, with current laws of physics, not possible.
We should as humanity focus on what makes us really happy iso focusing on ever more or better.
All things mentioned won't settle in a moment and for most not even in days or weeks.
Study it again and again.
Let go of your bias about how things work now.
Look at it through an open view.
Forget about the fake security they promise with the current system, it is designed to fail.
BTC is 'just' a tool that can help, we only have to use it.
@_date: 2018-11-13 21:21:32
Just join them in their bad thought of argument.
I haven't yet calculated it myself, but all 21 million btc can be stored on a single micro sd card.
So take the weight of it and than calculate the current mining costs per bitcoin and you can come up with a pretty incredible high number that BTC costs per kilogram.
Through up that number and agree with them in a dramatic manner that btc must mean the end of mankind.
It's hard arguing with stupidity. 
@_date: 2018-11-04 21:48:12
I'm setting up a raspbarry pi with lightning following these instructions:
Have no clue if the lightning part can be copied for your setup, bitcoind?
Github sure seems to be a good source for many things..
@_date: 2018-11-28 21:20:48
"Only 4 BTC"
Lets see what those will be worth in a few years.
I think your current feelings are quite mild....
@_date: 2018-11-03 10:24:25
That " horrible totalitarian regime" could also 'just' be a large part of humans agreeing to use it.
I think that would be pretty awesome and a far better situation than we now have.
I agree that debt based instruments are the basis of the entire financial industry, but that doesn't mean it's not rotten to the core... It more or less prove it is..... If you understand and want to see....
The biggest problem I see btc is a free choice and to be honest I think a lot of people just make awful choices all the time, just saying...
@_date: 2018-11-04 10:59:42
That's why hard times are coming, most of us have top-down governance.
They don't understand bottom-up or just don't want to put any effort into it or are just fine with the current system...
@_date: 2018-11-13 21:23:44
Lesson number two: you never talk about the amount.
@_date: 2018-11-21 20:03:06
The Market doesn't need anything, it's just doing it's thing..
I guess you need it to rebound?
@_date: 2018-11-04 18:02:46
If you knew this would be the situation what would you have done 5 or 10 years ago?
Eg just leave the country, put all your wealth in btc or gold, ?
@_date: 2018-03-08 17:33:30
I felt a big disturbance in the force (and my btc fiat value).
@_date: 2018-11-04 21:06:13
I endorse BTC, but wouldn't handle Elon with a ten feet pole..
So any link between these two feels awkward (to me) ...
@_date: 2018-11-22 18:38:04
I hope you will find a solution to get your coins back.
The only positive I can think of now is that by being blocked it will prevent you from selling during the low.
I'm quite surprised by these negative comments.
Hodles, sellers, buyers, speculators we will get them all if BTC succeeds or on our way to getting there.
Thanks for giving us these updates, hopefully it can prevent similar cases or someone learns from it.
For me BTC was just to prevent these things from happening so I feel your pain.
I can only hope that price is back up when you regain access, I understand just getting access is your only worry right now, good luck.
@_date: 2018-11-04 20:11:12
Thanks for all your replies.
I got a better picture now.
BTC strength is the fact it's decentralized, nobody is in charge, no one can undo a transaction, no one can force you to use it nor prevent you from using it.
The fact that it's not fully anonymous has for a big part to do with the current fiat situation and the transition out of that system and into BTC. It can be done anonymous otc of course.
The fact that it is/can/will be used by criminals is not a reason to not embrace it nor a reason to let go of it's possible anonymity. Don't blame the tools, take care of the criminals.
Indeed Benjamin Franklin had a keen view on it..
(And not everyone will agree on this nor has to..)
@_date: 2018-11-04 10:45:52
Just 2% yearly inflation for the coming 142 years, wow.
It would be a new world record for fiat money, well several new world records.....
300k in 6 years sounds quite amazing but that prediction about the dollar seems even more boldly.
@_date: 2018-11-25 16:31:44
I just use it to prove to the government I really wasted my money.
I was told it is not private so I should have perfect prove where my money went.
So scared it will go up again, god forbid......
@_date: 2019-04-21 17:26:18
I wasn't worried about the number of adresses available.
But when forced to open your wallet and the history shows a lot of 'high' value transactions and a few even bigger moves out I think you will have to do some explaining to a robber if there is now just a small amount in it?
When your history only shows some verry small transactions in then a small total is very logic.
I could also just create a dummy wallet on my ledger nano, that I could open when forced.
But I prefere to open my default wallet I use 'daily' so when under stress I do not have to think about that pin code I had for the decoy wallet.
My saving funds are than save in the pass phrase version.
@_date: 2018-11-03 10:14:59
Once you understand how a tool works, what it is good at, what its limitations are, you can decide on those facts if you want to use it or if another available tool is better suited.
By that time it's completely irrelevant who made it, unless you own him something for usage or for some principle burdens.
Some use urguments like it would give government the ideal tool to even control us better than the current fiat systen does.
Most of these arguments have faded away.
The privacy argument is also slowly dying.
Latest fud is that btc will boil the earth sooner that our slowly dying sun will.
Please read these posts about people who fall for the latest "send me a bit coin I will send you two back"
I just read a post where one kept arguing that the banks can't lend more then others deposit by using a physical 100 dollar note as sample, wtf?
In the same post it is explained several times how it works.....
So I accept btc is not for everyone to be used at this moment, some do not understand, some are just fine with the current system, some just only see risks for using it.
I myself use fiat all the time but try to use alternatives as much as possible.
New things have both risks and opportunities.
There are lots of reasons it can fail and governments and the current banking system have a lot at stake. 
So I don't understand why you have to makeup arguments that do not matter like who created btc?
@_date: 2018-03-13 19:48:07
It is a revolution I knew we needed...
The only doubt I have is if other people are smart enough to realize this could be it.
I work at a company where the education level is far above average, but realized that is no guarantee for any insight or wisdom at all. So by now I'm pretty convinced most people have no problem at all to sacrifice lots of freedom and self determination for some fake security. They have no idea what fiat is and what it is doing by design or they just don't want to hear about it. They only see risk in btc, are terrified of being responsible or be their own banker, etc.
If btc will fail this kind of reasons will probably be the root cause.
I still try to spread the word but if they do not want to hear it thats just it.
@_date: 2018-11-04 20:54:51
Adding to that:
BTC is voluntary, the use of fiat is forced upon is.
I think the usage of BTC can/will be made more sustainable, if that would not be the case allready, than the corrupt, unsound, power centered fiat system ( yes I'm biased but just a bit :0).
Then there's the question is there a better alternative, if so it would win unless BTC would adapt?
And last, shouldn't everyone be free to do with their money/energy what they would like to, where would it end who's going to decide, scary....
Hmmm I would like some limitations like abuse, war, killing etc but I would not know how to stop it, and where is the line?,  since the powers that be seem to be the biggest source of this behavior and not the average guy.
But these mostly tend to use others money not their own, I can think of some exceptions..
Making/using sound and safe money has costs, I think it's a good feature these costs are so straight forward and clear as is the case with BTC.
@_date: 2018-11-22 18:52:02
Like even most tulips blossomed the spring after the tulip mania crashed?
@_date: 2018-11-15 17:28:07
....You better watch out, it could be slippery.
@_date: 2018-11-06 22:03:46
 I'm still waiting for the next smartass that will attempt to calculate the price or energy of BTC/kg.
OMG....., it must be completely utterly insane !
Save the universe stop it right now...
@_date: 2018-11-21 20:17:35
Nice reactions, thanks.
Perhaps I should have added that I have the same thoughts about post that simply mention it's going to moon.....
I have spent some time thinking about BTC, I think sane money is what I prefer.
BTC could be the future sane money, so I 'invested' in it, I support it, and I advocate it.
I do realize it's merits are a threat to the existing ptb.
The Stockholm syndrome is strong by a lot of fiat users.
So success is no guarantee.
But in my mind if something is worth fighting for and 'easy' to do by all of us it is BTC.
@_date: 2018-11-04 09:42:03
We just have to educate people.
Not you private key not your Bitcoin.
We can't stop people from having trust in things that are not trustworthy else than education.
Yes experience will also learn them but these monetary cycles take so long and most people are so glad to trust for governments, banks etc to take care for them that we have to show them the truth.
Most people just do not see the real costs of these governments and the risks that are present by using banks. They do not understand inflation.
So we can't expect them to see all benefits of BTC without our education.
@_date: 2018-11-07 19:17:24
Bitcoin has no intrinsic value and that is good ...
Bitcoin has intrinsic value and for this reason...
Bitcoin is only backed by trust and that is good ...
Bitcoin Is backed by ....
Bitcoin should be backed by gold to ...
Bitcoin is a government or agency xyz invention and thus ...
Bitcoin is for and from the people and thus ...
Bitcoin has died x times and probably will die a lot more ..
Bitcoin is just born ...
Bitcoin is already old ...
Etc etc etc ...
If only for triggering so many people to ask these kind of questions Bitcoin is worth it.
Finally a lot of people start questioning what money is and would it shoul or could be.
Questioning fiat and seeing how it's used and what it does.
Start thinking about inflation.
Realizing what banks are doing how they relate to governments.
But if it will trigger enough people to start thinking..., answering enough..., only the imagination wil be the limit for what it could bring!
@_date: 2018-11-08 17:55:03
I had this dough, it was not baked by anything should I let those meet?
What if I bought it with bitcoin, couldn't be coincidence could it?
@_date: 2018-11-04 10:39:10
Not only that we now have the guarantee it will be up 100% for the coming 3 years...
@_date: 2018-11-01 19:30:04
They, that government, just hope the people are stupid enough to fall for the latest greatest bullshit.
After printing enough and reanimating the system one more time the people stop believing the government. 
But who knows a new hype can give them a few more years to squeeze out the very last drop of blood to be gained.
And by all means that government has been able to get to the current situation, why would they think it has to stop somewhere?
@_date: 2018-11-04 10:40:56
I don't mind waiting for 6 years to reach that value......
@_date: 2018-11-21 20:38:01
Holy cows...
This is scary...
There are two, well some more but I'll skip them for now, options:
Someone knew your trezor password.
Someone got hold of your seed.
I know you don't want to hear this but these BTC's are gone unless you can found out who stole it from you.
I guess a lot would like to learn from this by finding out what breached your security measurements...
@_date: 2018-11-09 20:10:44
Update I got:
AsicVault Newsletter
We, the AsicVault Team, would like to again extend our gratitude for supporting us since the very early stages of our project. We have faced many challenges on our way and have been working hard to overcome all of them. Understanding the impatience around the delivery of the product you have pre-ordered, we would like to give you an update on current development status.
Production status of v1 wallets
Electronics design has been completed, verified and first batch of PCBs manufactured, assembled and long term performance tested. First devices with enclosures have been fully assembled as you can see in the following videos. We will shoot more to keep You updated on the progress.
Watch product videos here!
AsicVault hardware wallet
If you have any specific technical questions or any other queries related to AsicVault, we are ready to answer. You are welcome to contact us via e-mail: support To better support our customer queries our new support team will be constantly monitoring all messages sent to support and are committed to answer all incoming queries in a period not exceeding 48 hours.
Manufacturing Aluminum and Titanium enclosures with complex pattern has proven to be more challenging and time-consuming than we anticipated. The challenges we met with premium quality Titanium enclosures mean that except those devices that were pre-ordered, there will be no more Titanium wallets manufactured as it is not economically feasible and would drive the cost of device up a lot. This makes Your Titanium wallet truly unique.
The delays You are experiencing are because we are simply not going to ship anything less than a high quality device. So far, the first batch of enclosures manufactured did not pass our final quality control. Press-fit requires micrometer scale precision. Therefore, we have decided to end our partnership with previous suppliers of enclosures and, instead, have partnered up with HansaMatrix ( - one of the leading Nordic and Baltic electronic system development and manufacturing companies and switched to 5-axis CNC manufacturing that has already shown to deliver the desired results. We have received highest quality samples from them and resolved all remaining manufacturing issues. We are now confident we are working with the right partners in the industry and will be able to hit large-scale manufacturing of enclosures shortly. 
To give You more details and for full disclosure: minimum order quantities for some key electronic components have been doubled by our suppliers, forcing us to manufacture at least twice the amount that we were planning if we expect to break even on device sales.
Meanwhile, all v1 wallets have been upgraded to v2 hardware for FREE and now accommodate new benefits not previously available in v1, such as: potting, haptic feedback, press-fit enclosure and more advanced inner anti-tamper design.
We are confident that a larger batch of devices will be ready for shipping right before the end of Q1 2019. It’s obvious to us that waiting for so long raises concerns about our project. Yet we are aiming to deliver more than You have paid for and also to fully compensate the longer waiting time in the best way possible.
Therefore, we are happy to inform You that AsicFuel ICO has been announced to bring into life the underlying blockchain platform and Trusted Execution Environment for the upcoming products based on the AsicVault secure chip design. We are not planning to stop at Hardware Wallets and will be introducing several new products for the purpose of faster mass-adoption of crypto, and Your device will be able to directly participate in the ecosystem we are building and bring You many additional benefits. You can find out more about AsicFuel ICO and project roadmap as well as read the Whitepaper by visiting ICO website: 
 
As a token of gratitude, all devices that have been pre-ordered will be shipped to You along with generous amount of AsicFuel (AVF). Or You can use following link below to register at the ICO portal and receive Your complimentary AVF as soon as the ICO concludes.
 
AsicFuel will play major role in the AsicVault’s ecosystem and will expose our clients to variety of services previously unseen in crypto as well as substantial discounts on selected services and products.
 
We hope that our new partnerships and expanded project roadmap will allow us to provide You with best-in-class device as well as support it with innovative and user-friendly services never seen before in crypto space.
 
Claim Your AVF Now
With sincerest regards,
Nauris Circenis &amp; AsicVault Team 
 
Copyright © 2018 AsicVault, All rights reserved. 
You are receiving this email because you opted in via our website. 
Our mailing address is: 
Lauteri 8 - 81
Tallinn 10116
@_date: 2018-11-04 09:30:46
"PortSmash currently poses a threat mainly to people using computers or services that allow untrusted people to use the same physical processor."
Since in my world that is everybody take care of it.
@_date: 2018-11-04 10:21:08
Dear WP,
First learn the difference between value and price:
the regard that something is held to deserve; the importance, worth, or usefulness of something.
"your support is of great value"
synoniemen:	merit, worth, usefulness, use, utility, practicality, advantage, desirability, benefit, gain, profit, good, service, help, helpfulness, assistance, effectiveness, efficacy, avail, importance, significance, point, sense; informalmileage
"the value of adequate preparation cannot be understated"
the amount of money expected, required, or given in payment for something.
"land could be sold for a high price"
synoniemen:	cost, asking price, selling price, charge, fee, terms, payment, rate, fare, levy, toll, amount, sum, total, figure; 
Most of the time you are talking about price while you mention value.
And for the record you clearly do not agree with the current price of BTC.
For a successful transaction both parties need to agree on the price.
Luckily there's no reason what so ever that we or anyone has to agree on the value of something.
Most here have an opinion about the value of BTC and put some of their money where their mouth is.
Some even pro active, more than just hodl, support the BTC system.
You have an, explicit, opinion about BTC but I doubt if you also put some money where your mouth is.
I think there's a reason why there is something like the Winklevoss brothers and something like WinklevossPaupers, just saying....
@_date: 2018-11-01 19:33:19
Begging is not allowed so I won't put my BTC adress here.
But you are more or less asking for it aren't you?
@_date: 2019-01-27 13:50:36
I disagree as being also a pm person.
I would like to state, on average, pm people are older, and as such are less into new developments like BTC.
I think percentage wise pm people understand the sound money theme better than a lot of BTC people.
As is the case for most people not owning one of the two, it is just a lack of understanding, hint why I focus on education...
I value both as valuable, gold has an unbeaten track record but is rather cumbersome, while BTC has an unbeaten potential and having really nice properties pm is lacking.
Since I value most of these properties I own both.
I can see BTC, in the longer term beat, or even largely replace, gold.
But than again only 10 years, life time of BTC, is just a blimp...
Owning both makes sense to me and depending on, expected, usage the ratio of both should not be too hard to determine.
Having said that, people who say BTC should be backed by gold clearly do not understand one of them and most likely do not understand both.
@_date: 2018-11-17 09:07:12
Not sure anyone can answer and be fully correct?
Well more people selling than willing to buy as allready answered is correct.
It's not nice but just realize that volatility in only one way would be quite impossible.
When most people look at the long term chart a lot of them would say "most gains have been made".
Only the few who can see it's potential and are willing to put their money in it are keeping the price up.
The potential risk should balance the potential gain it's a natural law.
I got used to the fact that if it goes up a lot of people get jealous, it's unfair, easy gains, you are just lucky, etc.
If it goes down you are stupid, you should have taken your gains, etc.
I'm just glad I'm a small part of it.
I have enough exposure, to little when it goes up to much when it goes down :0)
Got my lightning node on testnet running ready to go live.
Still learning a lot and having fun.
@_date: 2018-11-08 17:34:15
Good news, we are more then half way through the down, MOON....
@_date: 2019-01-02 16:27:37
Sorry for your loss.
I have read, allready a lot of times, that if someone puts coins on a exchange, they give the exchange control of the coins. Worst security ever.
@_date: 2019-01-04 16:39:32
In case you care about your health just buy a new one iso filling up.
Just give the keys to any person passing by, please post scenes on YouTube.
At the dealer after paying, look strange and say "what an ugly color keep it" and order a new one.
I'm also prepared to leave an adress to help you get rid of your coins, I'm sure we agree on what you have to pay me for this insane service I'm offering you..
@_date: 2019-01-04 12:09:54
I agree with your remark, but I think it will be easier/faster for you to stop annoying about these posts.
If we would loose every person that cares about price, the recent 12 months will repeat for another 12 months:0(
@_date: 2019-01-01 12:16:43
Did I miss something?
@_date: 2019-01-01 12:29:47
Ownership comes with a lot of responsibility and thus burdens and it has some advantages.
The same goes with influence or power, etc.
BTC cleverly tries to minimize the down sides and maximize its advantages.
It's a new form of money and it's just great to see it triggers these kind of questions.
Finally people start to think about how these things work what it means what the consequences are and what could be.
Fiat is a very smart way to focus a lot of us on the wrong things.
It's allready accepted too long without any real challenge or alternative available.
And now there's BTC, finally...
@_date: 2019-01-04 10:18:15
Now compare it against other hard/sound money that has evolved.
It's hard since all other sound money not being forced upon people date from so long ago.
Still I would say it did an amazing job.
No government or big company overseeing it's development, no commercials for adaption, a lot of fud, still look where we are, what has been done and what is being developed right now.
It's hard for me to imagine not a bright future for it...
@_date: 2018-11-07 19:27:11
It's a sample of what can will happen when a, fiat, currency is dying, wetter by bad  governing or for a natural reason.
But in this case no one is telling you what to do with it nor forcing you to learn from it, this lesson is completely free but up to you to pick it up or not.
By the time everyone has connected the dots, you will just be like them, part of the hurdle.
@_date: 2019-01-14 18:30:47
Sounds like you are asking what LN can do for you?
While you should be asking what could you do for LN.
Remember this is a decentralized p2p network.
It could release all of us from the chains the current fiat system, banks and government has put us on.
So helping this comming to fruition could be one of the most significant accomplishment you will achieve in life.
Running a LN node is supporting the new system helping yourself to become independent form the fiat system.
You might not exactly understand what the impact will be but in that case just start studying fiat and BTC some more.
@_date: 2019-01-01 12:14:42
I hear you.
Nevertheless it's inevitable if BTC succeeds.
All these things are two sided.
If BTC goes to 10k we will see messages about people wishing it stayed lower so the could have put more money in it.
Now we read about people who state if it drops to x they will backup the truck.
But only a few have the guts to really believe in it and put some real money in it.
These are the ones that don't complain when it drops they just buy more.
These are the ones that don't complain at the next high they will just enjoy it.
No pain no gain.
@_date: 2019-01-03 21:13:16
Perhaps you should stop blackmailing them?
Oh.. you talk abour $10 not $10k :0)
@_date: 2019-01-05 09:26:12
I can see you fully understand fiat end went to the bottom iso of just parroting.
@_date: 2019-01-03 19:09:32
I can tell you what I would do.... But don't you agree that anyone who wants to put $100k in anything should make up a mind of his own about it?
Besides is this one of 10-20 other $100k you are going to invest or your only lifetime savings?
Etc etc...
@_date: 2019-01-02 19:00:35
Nice article!
@_date: 2018-11-04 20:58:44
Perhaps an experience like what happened in Venezuela happening to you would make you a bit more humble, but I doubt it..
@_date: 2019-01-09 21:24:47
We do not need speculation.
If a country starts adding btc as monetary reserves, it will not do so in a vacuum.
Other countries will join in.
We will notice, think of December 2017 but then extended for a whole year...
If Russia would start this year a dick won't be served..
@_date: 2019-01-05 09:38:30
I think that's how the human mind tends to work..
Still I can't see in the long term, for cc that would be 2 - 4 years, how you will not gain on it.
If you stay this will be a lesson learned, most of us need to go true a cycle and experience both the high and low.
Next time you will better recognize the high and know not to buy it.
I don't understand the negative feelings, all hodlers need new buyers at new ath.
So I rather would like to thank you, you are a small part who got us there and what will be the starting  point for the next ATH.
@_date: 2019-01-09 22:31:46
It's not bad to spend, but HODL is just so much.......
Why don't you open an account with an exchange in your country, I would suggest doing so to buy more btc, but if you get really desperate you can alse sell them your btc, Money should be in your account same day (after getting the account that is).
Welcome to the cc world, please inform yourself and stay!
@_date: 2019-01-03 21:40:34
Well the middle man is dying, I don't know why they want to speed up this process themselves...
@_date: 2019-01-04 11:56:40
19 days not peanuts but also no disaster.
At least you did it before the next period where BTC will double in that time frame...
Does a ssd makes a difference compared to a normal hd, is bus speed of a pi3 not the bottle neck?
@_date: 2019-01-04 14:20:39
Do you know what setting could make the difference ( assuming it's not hw)?
@_date: 2019-01-07 18:33:39
There was a reason for the dinosaurs extinction, they couldn't adapt fast enough.
@_date: 2019-01-03 13:57:19
"So, if we are going by technical analysis, we can very easily see on the chart that we are much closer to the bottom than we are to the top."
Really is this called TECHNICAL analysis?
I have chosen the wrong occupation..
Numerical this has been the case just below 10k.
With enough guesses someone will be right...
@_date: 2019-01-14 18:37:29
I care.
@_date: 2019-01-02 15:13:54
Guess you know them all?
Incredible homogeneous group apparently.
(Projecting much?)
@_date: 2019-01-09 21:43:21
Besides this I think op has a more fundamental problem.
Before lighting the scaling problem was huge, now it just got a bit smaller.
I can think of lots of issues that prevents btc from going mainstream right now.
If op sees a potential problem and demands someone to provide a solution straight away he's in the wrong business.
BTC is evolving and will be for some time.
That's why big gains are still possible as well as failure.
If you can't handle the heat stay out of the kitchen.
@_date: 2019-01-05 09:47:59
You will get your answer.
But will have to realize you have to wait for the end of 2020 for it.
We can't help you in any other way.
If you would have asked for the exact price on 25 December 2020, 13:45 GMT, on the Kraken exchange, that would be someting I would have been able to awnser!
@_date: 2019-01-09 22:05:55
It's a pity we do not know how Satoshi came up with the numbers behind the sceme.
He must have had some reasoning behind it all.
In the end btc is supposed to have taken over a big chunk of all payments done.
So all money currently involved/made by banks with all these transactions will be available for generating block and thus as rewards for miners.
During the transition the value of rewarded BTC plus fees must make sense for the miners to add enough mining resources to handle all transaction or in an other metric enough hash power to keep the system safe.
As we saw last year a fast rise in price of btc leads to a big addition of hash power.
Last year we saw hash power reduce.
For now hash power is dominated by the value of awarded btc for mining but it has to shift at some point to higher fees. 
How Satoshi made up the sceme, halving rate, guess about btc price evolution, fees rewards etc is a thing I have done some calculations on but I would love to know what the metrics where that Satoshi used or had in mind.
Besides all clearly visible technical insight he had, the visionary side is also quite remarkable.
These kind of things seem simple or arbitrary but are more easily to get wrong than right.
I bet on btc to succeed but then a nobel prize also seems hard to ignore.
@_date: 2019-01-02 19:27:20
It's not that I don't like to buy the lows, but more that it's so damn hard to actually know the moment to get in (thus timing the low).
Last year has been a good sample for this to me...
@_date: 2019-01-02 08:45:10
Perhaps it has to do with the content of your posts?
Or do you think accounts get blocked randomly and you just have bad luck?
@_date: 2019-01-02 08:28:40
Is that concept so hard to grasp for you, even while you are so close?
If money flows into a small 'market' the price goes up, if you call that manipulation I'm fine with that.
Since BTC is the best available money at the moment some expect a lot more money to flow into it.
The logical result would be....
And that's why they claim this could be the next big thing.
@_date: 2018-11-22 18:42:32
I just hope in the heart and mind of a lot of people.
We deserve sound money.
It's just a pity so few realize it.
@_date: 2018-11-03 11:46:14
I agree with your distribution 'issue'.
But what is the alternative?
Do you think the current system is better or solves this better?
I simply don't see a solution to this problem.
Even gold has this issue, sonce some were just lucky to have found it in abundance.
Even if we would make a btc+ version that would give everybody the same amount of btc+ by checking you dna as example it would still not enforce a even distribution of wealth (or power or fair chances, etc)
It will take some time to become better, and the distribution will be more fair and based on work being done etc. 
But it will never solve a possible concentration for some who have luck by sitting on some natural resource like oil, or violence abuse etc.
I agree that to some extent it feels unfair but i do not see a good solution, socialism could solve this in a radical manner but I have seen it fail all the time plus I do not believe it will work at all.
So a less than perfect distribution is for me no reason to not adapt it since it's basics are so much better than other available solutions.
I realize a less perfect human nature will always cause this kind of problems it cannot be solved by only a different form of money (that I can come up with).
@_date: 2019-01-27 14:04:08
It started 10 years ago..
Most just can't imagine the last 10 years are likely just the start of the logarithmic function BTC will have to go through if it will fulfill it's full potential.
No clue how to best formulate it, but I think it's the cheapest 'lottery ticket' with the highest payout potential while supporting a much better financial system in one go.
Just saying......
@_date: 2019-01-01 12:47:24
Cheers to all hodlers.
@_date: 2019-01-02 08:54:02
That's why we call it the next big thing.
It's evolving, growing...
You can join the small minority or just watch it and get even more grumpy.
@_date: 2019-01-27 14:23:58
I sometimes tend to think we're beyond that, untill I have a talk with someone.
These someone's are mostly one of my colleagues, and they are mostly master or higher education.
The amount of ignorance, interest and critical thinking among them is just staggering.
Most have no clue how fiat works what the effects of inflation are, etc.
Last week I got these takeaways from such a colleague, 1: I have people who take care of that stuff (I guess some financial adviser) 2: BTC just uses to much energy it should be forbidden.
I just said I don't think he was well informed and got the reply "why sould I be informed the current system is fine."
Again I could only start thinking of how I can get a bigger exposure to BTC and less to fiat.
The hurdle is still ful force straight ahead for the slaughterhouse and happy doing so.
@_date: 2019-01-02 21:19:54
Pity you don't have ~2000 bitcoin..
Just saw a post of someone wanting to buy 2000...
Are these insane strange posts a sign we are at a bottom?
@_date: 2019-01-09 22:23:20
I was too short in it to be able to do anything else than watch in awe during last run.
The drop this deep was also quite a surprise, I didn't study the history enough.
I'm also increasing my holdings.
Next run up I do intend to get some gains out.
But I can also imagine circumstances to be that crazy, failing fiat, governments getting in etc, that I decide to stay in btc completely.
I'm trying to get out of fiat, reduce exposure to it, so getting back into fiat is contrary to that idea.
Stable coins are not a thing I fully trust, one would have to stay in it for months to a year!
The biggest reason would be to increase btc holdings, so sell at the top and buy back lower.
The best way to do that or criteria for it being safe enough are indeed the big questions.
There will be new cycles.
@_date: 2019-01-04 16:07:05
I think the discussion if a deflationary or inflationary money is better won't settle.
We have had a period with hard/sound money and thus we can compare it with the current fiat experiment.
Most agree that the average growth in wealth was greatest with the sound money.
Fiat can/has enabled a temporary faster, even total, growth but that was/is also a not normal distribution (a few gained an absurd amount).
The addition of increasing debt is another effect that causes a temporary increase of wealth but most forget all debt needs to be repaid INCLUDING the price for lending it!
Debt just causes wealth to be consumed or enjoyed now at the cost of more wealth reduction in the future (the cost of lending money). Thus this implies that over the combined period of lending and paying it back the wealth of that person is lower compared than the total wealth if he didn't lend.
The wealth distribution over time changed, time preference, but also overall wealth.
The effects for the one providing the money is opposite (as should be)...
Yes some money borrowed for business purposes does make sense since it can gain more money then the cost of lending it. But if you look at the total amount of money lend only a small part of it is used for that purpose. A lot is used for consuming or government spending and don't get me started on that.
Unfortunately some of that money used for creating business is only good since the costs of lending are way below average and what I think is sane, combined with the unnatural consuming caused by current inflation and mentioned government spending (again don't get me started on that).
This money mis allocation will only be exposed in the next recession.
But the effects will multiply the pain.
The funny thing is, for the banks, most money being lend is created by these banks.
This makes it for them a win only fest (remember the few that gained absurt amounts).
The secondary effect is that this QE is causing inflation (money being wort less over time).
The banks profit from this effect as well since when they create it that money has full value, and by the time the consumer will use it the deflated value will have set in.
A often overlooked aspect is the effect of inflation on your savings.
People tend to hear to positive short term effect, you loans will be easier paid of if we have inflation, better than the long term effect, your pension will decrease in value.
And these effects increase over time.
Since normally a loan is for a shorter period than saving for your pension the effects for your savings are just much bigger.
In the long term it is a no brainer for what money is better, just look up the results ( yes they are quite hidden conveniently).
The used argument that we need inflationary money to keep growing is popular but not correct. Again check long term overall wealth growth during sound money periods.
Next we live in a closed system never ending growth is simply impossible.
Also growth should not be a goal, I hope happiness, for as many as possible, should be and if that is only measured by growth, materialism, or having more than others it would be quite pathetic (yes I fall for some of it as well).
The biggest problem is these discussions are about religion.
We believe something will work or is better.
This can also easily be denied but whenever we talk about money it's only us humans that attach a value to it. There is no natural law that defines the value of something it's a man made metric, usefull or needed but based on faith/agreement.
If you think long enough about it the whole term 'intrinsic value' Is absurd.
Value is a perceived attribute of someting defined by a human.
At the moment of a successful trade (exchange of goods or services ) both parties agree only on that moment that the price (in case money is used) or value (in case of only goods or services involved) is correct or match. 
Mostly both parties think at that moment they gained something, if you let that sink in it says a lot about humans and once realized most will never look at any future exchange in the same way.
An other aspect involved is something like moral compass.
Some are not bothered by it and thus have no issues with gaining power/money/wealth at cost of everything. If we take these people as sample and put them on a pedestal as being successful and admirable no matter their mental state or effect they cause, we get on the current slippery slope.
I feel I'm just getting started but this post is allready getting a mess and way too long.
I'm just excited we now at least have a usefull/sound alternative to fiat.
Let humanity decide what is best, we will get what we deserve.
My bet is made.
@_date: 2019-01-01 12:41:32
I'm still in between feeling good for being able to get more while dumping fiat and feeling bad seeing it going down so much...
I'm quite a strong believer and even if it would fail I think it was worth the fight.
Lets see what 2019 will bring.
@_date: 2019-01-02 20:43:40
Sorry, we are all fully loaded with money over here on r/Bitcoin.
Just some ~$10 million is not a thing we leave the house for.
Holy shit...
@_date: 2018-11-20 21:00:41
Some time ago I was bothering with the question why/who would someone go over to what ever forum to start telling people on such forum they are wrong in their beliefs?
I came up with a lot of answers, but only when I realized that for almost all of these answers I only felt pity for them I simply let go all together.
@_date: 2019-01-03 10:43:43
Great initiative.
It educates people and will keep exchanges in line.
Don't know if once a year is sufficient, it will get better traction next time.
An exchange has an existing right but people need to know what BTC is about and what is meant by 'not your keys not your coins'.
Keeping many BTC at the disposal of a third party undermines some of the good things about it.
Get your own keys, get a full node.
Yes it takes some effort, but then again that's a VERY small price to pay for what you get!
@_date: 2019-01-03 10:31:24
Thanks, nice story!
I'm willing to admit I'm quite greedy...
So I'm not too happy about the prices I paid during last year every time thinking it shouldn't go much lower...
Regrets? No I'm not a trader nor can I see the future.
But I do believe in sound money and I'm more than willing to put my fiat in the soundest money available.
Yes if possible at the best conversion rate, but than again better at a lousy rate than no sound money at all!
@_date: 2018-11-21 20:00:16
1-5: Don't trade BTC on margin!
If BTC is not volatile enough as is you simply can't trade, then don't even think about trading on margin...
@_date: 2018-11-04 09:50:48
They are just academic trained people.
The never run a business, they live in their own academic world where they think everything and everyone can be controlled by their policies.
Their income depends on the  system to survive.
What else would you expect them to say about something that could be a treat to it.
@_date: 2018-11-08 20:43:58
It was not easy to find something about it actually...
But I read 12 + months after payment... (For a Huracán)
@_date: 2019-04-18 07:38:03
I'm just interested how someone that's, uhmmm sorry..., not very smart, ends up with $20k in his account?
As long as it's not illegal I'm very willing to learn......
I guess he better sticks to the way he got that first $20k and just continues....
@_date: 2019-09-29 12:14:07
To be honest these kind of posts scare me...
@_date: 2019-09-27 18:12:45
It's the wrong way to look at it.
Yes the current banking system will fall over, but it's by design.
For decades they have been filling their pockets.
They will be fine.
Most Joe and Jane's on the other hand...
@_date: 2019-09-30 17:09:22
Well, it is different for a reason.
How many times have people being able to speculate in a possible new store of value or even world reserve currency?
And than one that is relatively free in it's price discovery?
The last one I lived true was when gold took that place.
@_date: 2018-07-07 19:27:52
I was thinking in that line as well.
Pretty sure most coins will disappear or slowly die.
If you know to pick the winners though......
@_date: 2019-09-21 09:46:12
Even if he's right, he is only pointing out buy moments.
@_date: 2019-09-28 10:45:22
So now the recent dip in hashpower is also explained.
@_date: 2018-07-07 19:20:32
I own pm as well.
But if you do not have some money in bitcoin by now, just stfu and choose an other forum to show your incompetence.
Why bother us with you being wrong?
I never understood those people who call us stupid on pm forums and I also do not want to understand you calling us stupid or wrong on this btc forum.
Are you that far that it makes you feel better by spilling out btc owners when we are just in one of the many downs we go true?
Open your eyes this is just a good time to join.
No there are no guarantees just like there are no guarantees in pm.
Grow up and get over it, why can't we have different opinions?
If you want to invest in pm or stocks fine, I won't go posting on a stock forum I think you are wrong or whatever, why would I, perhaps you will be doing fine for years to come.
If you are so sure btc will fail, short it and have fun if you are right.
Return us the favor and be glad we will have fun while btc rises.
@_date: 2019-09-22 19:34:02
"Cryptocurrencies in general aren’t the most user-friendly yet. New users, at best, have to learn the copy/pasting of long cryptographic hashes"
I would have to agree on this one, if a copy/paste action is to difficult for you, you preferably shouldn't be in Bitcoin.
After that the story get very bad very rapidly.
@_date: 2019-09-11 18:13:15
Adding market capitalization in your title would make it better understandable.
I'm not sure about the timing, but to me it's clear we will go there.
@_date: 2019-09-21 08:48:44
Would like to understand this better.
Do/did you still use the chrome tool to access you nano, or do you use ledger live?
I hoped the chrome tool would still be working.
That we can't upgrade to the latest firmware without ledger live is annoying, but not being able to access you coins with out installing new sw would be worse.
It's one of the reasons I bought a second nano, some had non recoverable hang ups while upgrading, most where user mistakes but still.
We know btc takes some effort and you need to keep up to date while running Lightning or a node, but our cold storage should be able to just work even after years of non usage or whatever action.
At least that is my thought of a cold storage.
@_date: 2019-09-21 09:30:17
That's great...
Since price is still depending on the technology, use ability, etc., they should/will care?
If everyone involved in btc would actively start 'developing/programming' it would become a mess, leave it to the people who are smart.
We need both; development, still going strong, and adoption, also going strong.
Shouldn't we be happy it's past the 'nerds' only phase'?
As long as the next phase isn't death ,  it just means progress, and sometimes that could, and probably will, mean a step back....
I see no reason at all to be pessimistic?
@_date: 2018-07-07 18:50:58
I like what you scratch..
Fiat creation is just borrowing wealth from the future.
Not only will it be hard to pay it back, and mostly paid by the people who did not benefitted from it, that are a lot of us and especially the future generations, but de devil is in the fact it will have to be paid back with interrest. 
And bad news for those who think it will all be just forgiven, NO IT WON'T.
Think it can't be collected? Perhaps it won't be paid for by some money, but then there will allways be some alternative like real estate or land or labor or if all fails, a lot of lives.
For me death of current fiats is a given fact, the when and how is what bothers me because these are so damn hard to figure out..
Skills, mobility, self protection, etc, and a lot of backups is the goal.
PM and bitcoin are just a few aspects in that story.
Most like things to keep going as it is, and mostly it just like the weather, you can count on it.
But if in the current weather you don't see this hurricane developing or do not want to see it, well lets say thats just on your own risk...
@_date: 2018-07-05 17:21:27
See..... A fiat WHALE.
@_date: 2019-09-14 09:23:00
"One reason for this is the simple law of supply and demand; as the amount of available bitcoins decreases, the commodity becomes more valuable."
This isn't a very complex theory.
But if they don't get these excactly right, I loose interest quickly.
It should state:
One reason for this is the simple law of supply and demand; as the amount of available bitcoins decreases, and demand stays the same, the commodity becomes more valuable.
And than we could argue what is meant with "amount of available bitcoins".
Even if the reward is down to one bitcoin each block, the total amount of bitcoins is still increasing with one each ~10 minutes.
So we should talk about amount of bitcoins being offered for sale and amount of bitcoins being asked to be bought.
Clearly that equilibrium depends on the actual price.
Mining is also heavily dependent on the price of hash power, the efficiency or the hw being used, and the price of electricity, etc.
But perhaps the biggest and least predictable factor is that of human expectations.
Most seriously involved know about the coming halving and have seen previous effects and thus try to predict future movements in price.
Speculators will try to buy before an anticipated price rise and sell after, miners will try to sell most after an anticipated price rise.
And than you have 'hodlers', some will hit their moon and sell some/all coins during a next run.
Etc, etc, all these factors will make the next movement hard to predict and a correct timing almost impossible.
Volatile movements, especially new ath, atract new people, both hodlers, speculators and everything inbetween.
Most tend to agree price will rise, the 'excact' moment is only important for speculators.
But as history seems to prove, it will be likely that demand will outstrip supply by such a big factor it will surprise most.
Slowly changing/challenging economic factors/risks are making more people look at safe havens, see the resent gold price.
If this deteriorating economic/monetary continues, these save haven markets will turn out to be so small compared to the amounts of currency available, it could be possible future moves will be stunning compared to the already quite unbelievable movements whe have seen.
But this is reasoned from someone who believes in Bitcoin and rejects the fiat system.
So it's quite a colored view :0)
@_date: 2019-09-19 16:27:13
Good I first checked befor posting the same.
"Former Overstock CEO Byrne Dumps $90 Million Stock Gains Into Gold, Crypto "Out Of Reach Of Deep State""
As reported on zerohedge.
I feel a connection, ain't got 90 million not even 90 thousand, but what I have is In that same playing field.
Somewhere the scale will tip over, if you are not in by that time you can simply forget it.
I guess we won't even be proud about it, but at least have some protection...
@_date: 2019-09-27 18:03:54
$50K being "really high value" ?
Some time ago we where already at $20K.
Look where it come from, check what it is, what it could become.
Make up your own mind.
@_date: 2019-09-14 09:55:05
"I’m just fed up with the way big banks create money from thin air, charge high interest &amp; abuse the elderly"
We should all be fed up.
And we should act, educate others (prepare most don't want to know/hear the are ripped off by banks), starve the bank by denying them business (don't expect this to be easy, they have very smartly interwoven themselves in every aspect of life).
Fiat makes a few people gain wealth at the cost of us.
Once you realize that and see how it works there is no way back.
No it's not nice to realize in what situation we are, but only if you know you can start doing something about it!
@_date: 2019-09-30 17:17:12
Most just don't see or realize it.
In the end, when the next wave of bank failures pass, those holding more than 100k new the risk and the smart ones took precautions.
Those with less than 100k think they are save....
Untill they realize how lomg it will take before they get it back and than realize what effect that time had on their buying power they had.....
And thats just the start, their pension will have evaporated, their real estate will have dropped some 50-80% in value, but their mortgage will have been transformed into something they can't afford anymore.
Nothing to look out for... Even when owning some Bitcoin unfortunately.
@_date: 2018-07-07 19:36:21
Even if they do report:
I don't believe what's in it.
Even if what they reported is the truth:
That won't make them less criminal.
End the FED, and all other private money makers,  which are mostly protected by governments..
@_date: 2019-09-26 16:17:40
You will only know for sure after the price has gone up and you regret not having bought.
@_date: 2019-09-21 09:41:33
It's the combination of military power and the Dollar status.
I would even say that military power is thanks to the Dollar status.
With the current, well for a long time, abuse of the Dollar it's just the question "how long can they continue ".
It's hard to predict the future but looking back no world reserve currency nor power concentration has lasted for ever, and the world currency reserve have quite a temporary status and the period remarkable repeating.
@_date: 2019-09-11 17:40:49
People are waking up.
First we where robbed by taxes and inflation.
Now we will get negative interest rates on top of those.
And as always there will be people who argue " nice i get paid for borrowing money"
That will be the same who argue inflation is nice it makes their mortgage cheaper in time.
These are the ones that don't see the bigger picture, don't want to think what it means for your savings your pension, what it does to the economy, where the biggest gains go to.
For all others there's Gold and Silver, and of course that magic internet money :0)
@_date: 2019-09-17 16:21:38
" I have been saying this for years now,"
Ok, well you probably will be saying it for some years to come I guess.
And, still be wrong.
Any thoughts on the amount of years you will be wrong before admitting you are wrong?
@_date: 2019-09-22 13:22:42
Some things about the future are clear:
We know the reward of Bitcoins will halve for each found block, from 12.5 to 6.25.
Some things are quite clear:
We know some miners have almost free electricity, so for them there will be little reason to turn of their hw due to decreased reward.
Some miners will turn off their less efficient hw due to less profitability after the halving.
Some things are quite vague:
How will demand be after the halving.
So although some clear things will make some behavior predictable, the unclear things will be a big factor in the exact behavior before, during and after the halving.
The way I look at it is quite simple.
Previous halvings the biggest overall factor was greed.
People thought it would move higher and they bet money on that outcome.
I think this will still be in place with the next halving, but it will be supported by an emotion that is even more powerful, fear.
The financial system will be under more pressure, stock markets are at all time highs, debts are ever increasing, stability makes way for volatility, the fiat system will become more instable.
Depending on how big the fear will be in the run up, during and after the halving, it could have a big impact this time.
To an extent the dynamics of next halving could even outrun the previous halvings.
@_date: 2019-09-21 09:18:40
I don't really see a problem with that.
To me it's like a race as is now in place for each block and it's reward if you solve it first.
It's a honeypot waiting for the first who invests enough time money smartness into solving the problem.
I must admit that gaining ~1 million coins out of max 21 million would be quite a huge percentage and could have a big impact, but don't forget they will also have to invest a great deal before getting it. So I guess it will some how balance out. And if a party was able to gain access they could have a huge impact by selling/spending all, but they would hurt themselves the most doing so.
I like to see it as gold, it just won't disappear, you can store it but you have to be aware others will try to take it.
You can hide it and forget it, and than its for others to be found or recovered.
One exception, btc can easily be made never spendable, while for gold this would be quite an effort (send it to the sun, delute it into seawater, dump it in a vulcano, whatever).
If these coins won't be moved, Satoshi was one person and died, or keys are lost, it's just a matter of time, I think a long time....
@_date: 2019-09-11 18:09:49
I guess realizing the potential of Bitcoin implies one to understand what fiat is and what it is doing.
Most will be overwhelmed by the impact to an extent they simply choose to ignore it all together.
It isn't rocket science, but the guts needed seeing the truth is hard and be quite overwhelming for most I think?
@_date: 2019-09-14 09:31:21
For those with little time to waste, these are the only words worth reading:
"Bitcoin, the crypto king"
@_date: 2019-09-24 16:53:51
Sounds like someone who's been predicting the death of Bitcoin for the n-th time and has now finally given up and found a new target to declare death.
Well good luck to you.
@_date: 2018-04-29 07:02:22
In a sane world our governments would warn us for the banks.
But the governments are not on our side and most people don't, or do not want to, see it.
@_date: 2018-04-21 17:58:02
True, and I think it goes way further than that.
I'm working in a very specialized technical environment, and I see and realize most of these really smart people have some other, sometimes very limiting, issues.
Yes they think faster, have an amazing memory etc, but for example being creative or thinking out of the box, etc that can be a completely different thing. Social limitations are also seen a lot and as an extension interpreting, understanding human, non rational or non linear, behavior is simply not understood. So the whole, disruptive, BTC thing does not fit in their line of thinking.
Well I'm fine with that but the 'hating' that goes with BTC being successful for now that is a pity.
@_date: 2019-09-14 09:38:53
Wouldn't anyone try to make it difficult if someone tried to kill him?
Understanding the banks position makes these questions quite logical.
Such questions are just the first steps banks take, better take advantage of their ignorance as long as it lasts.
@_date: 2018-04-21 09:28:21
Better tighten yout grip, we are just warming up...
@_date: 2018-04-29 14:57:29
Don't take it personally, but I have to reply.
"Besides, since when do banks actually give a shit about what you do with your money."
First fiat was never your money it's owned by the 'creator', even that can be argued about, in fact it is a debt issued by the bank.
This fact alone takes some time to sink in, and dive into the rabbit hole:
First,a debt to who?
And once accepted it is a debt why are we all so stupid to accept this shit as a settlement for our labor, even worse why the hell are we all trying to collect as much as debt as fast as possible and feel good about holding it?
We are literally accepting a debt note, and that debt is to an unknown person or something, for our labor.
And we have been brainwashed to such an extent that we feel and act as if these debt notes are valuable.
Brainwashed so much that we go to a bank, let them create these debt notes out of nothing and are willing to pay these banks for some 20 years, or more, with our labor to not only pay the original sum lended but also pay that sum two or more times as a compensation for this 'service' (loan for a house)...
All this time the house is owned by the bank, they force you to insure it against all possible risk and guess who is offering you this insurance?
AND NEVERTHELESS THIS SYSTEM OF FREE MONEY WITHOUT RISK THEY ARE CAPABLE OF SO MUCH MISS MANAGEMENT THAT BANKS CAN GO BANKRUPT....
The banks are in such a bad shape that we now have written laws that state that the depositors are nothing less than a unsecured liability to the banks ( I must check the words I use, English is not my native language). In simple words; if you put your money in the banks you are more or less the last in line to get your money back if the bank would go bankrupt.
And for that risk you take you are rewarded with no compensation what so ever (0,1% or something?)
So back to "Besides, since when do banks actually give a shit about what you do with your money."
Yes they do care what you do with their money and your labor.
They want it all, they want you to use their debt paper and that you pay to use or get it with your labor.
They want you to be in debt so you are their slave, best without you knowing or feeling that way.
Is it getting clear what's at stake for them, for you to NOT get involved with BTC, BTC in many ways the opposite of fiat?
That's why those who went into the rabbit hole are so passionate about BTC.
That's why some of us are so strong about HODLING.
That's why we have so much education to do.
@_date: 2018-04-29 22:26:14
You are absolutely right.
And this will work if a small bank or branch will fail.
But now we have these 'too big to fail' banks, and this is one of the few times they are being honest to us.
If a 'too big to fail' bank collapse the amount of money involved will be so big that government simply does not have the money to compensate all depositors. Yes they can, have to, print/ create all that money but that is deflationary and such amounts will make a difference.
Besides that aspect, the 'too big to fail' has a second reason, these are banks too interwoven in the whole system. If one of those would fail, the whole system will in no time die due to the links, mistrust, and the whole derivative system imploding.
Nice if your deposits are insured but if your deposits by the time you get them back can only buy a bread it won't make you very happy is it?
The whole system is hanging on two thin wires, one of trust and one of hope.
I bet we will see in our life time both wires will break.
@_date: 2018-04-17 16:40:31
Got their first newsletter today.
How wonderfull and safe the asicvault is..
But no update on when the first batch will be shipped, it was suposed to ship Q1 this year..
@_date: 2018-04-21 13:09:11
So true, I even surprised myself how much my believe strengthened after actually having some real value in the game (and thus realizing how dangerous the human mind actually is).
@_date: 2018-04-15 09:17:07
That pops the question, are we worth bitcoin?
Or in other words: is the majority smart enough to embrace bitcoin?
It's not bitcoin that I don't trust, I doubt mankind...
@_date: 2018-04-15 16:12:42
Thanks WL.
I like to read these updates.
Although many believe it can't happen in their country, Venezuela proofs to me it can happen almost anywhere.
In fact I believe we (US, Europe etc.) are almost guaranteed to go there as well.
It won't be the same but hyperinflation is likely to be expected.
One can't read enough about how people can prepare to survive such extreme situations.
It is one of the reasons I put some money in BTC.
The hardest for me was to realize the little normal people can/will do to prevent such a thing to happen to their country.
All it takes is the wrong people in charge and to many believing the government will prevent this kind of things to happen. 
And again, I think way too many people think it's different with their government and their country.
I now by now some BTC and other preparations won't solve all problems but doing nothing, while the picture is this clear and the possibilities are so easy at this moment, sounds rather stupid... uhmm more a Darwin nomination worthy.
@_date: 2019-09-14 14:13:33
Start with realizing Bitcoins are ALWAYS stored on the blockchain thus online.
Private key might be the word you're looking for.
@_date: 2018-04-27 07:05:56
Decrease fransaction fees even more?
You mean like getting paid if you make a transfere? /s
Transaction fees have a purpose and if you would think it over: it is a essential part of this system.
We have a price discovery that is depending on the cost of maintaining the system, which itself is still developing.
Maintaining the system is being paid by fees and btc rewarded (this later is for 'now').
Paying fees also helps keeping the system more stable, preventing spam over the network.
So i,m happy to pay the, especially the current amount needed, fees for the provided services.
In fact at the moment I'm regarding it to be dirt cheap and expect it will rise in the next trend toward a new top.
So anticipate and use it for your needs.
@_date: 2018-04-29 21:28:27
It's not so easy for me.
I get paid in fiat and 99% of what I buy is paid for in fiat...
But less than 10% of my savings is in fiat...
I would prefer the world had made an other choice than going with fiat, but they haven't.
And now we have this shit and we are in it neck deep.
We have debtors and creditors, the problem is if these are country's iso people the settlement is not that easy.
If a debtor country decides it can't pay off their debt it's not that the creditor country will just say "that's a shame, let's forget and restart".
So we have all this debt and that amount has become so absurd that it's getting clear to everyone that just starting the printers and creating this money simply won't work.
For some reason a lot of people still have faith in the system and are still accepting fiat for their labor and goods being produced.
Nonetheless more and more become aware of what is happening and that governments/banks have no real solution other than just keep going.
The funny thing is cripto currencies are one of the few canaries in the coal mine allowed to function, but it's just not mean stream enough to be recognized like PM for example.
Bottom line of this all; beware of what you wish for.
If fiat will fail it is likely that even with a lot of CC or PM in possession life will still be very hard (think of war, shortages, etc).
@_date: 2018-04-27 08:05:16
Calling it names doesn't hurt me nor btc.
Opposed to feeling butt hurt for missing out I guess......
Carry your pain as a man if you missed out till now, still enough time left to get in.
@_date: 2018-04-21 13:07:45
Oops, deleting multiple send reply's.
Was wondering why posting didn't work. Now I know it takes 'some' time....
@_date: 2019-05-18 09:39:42
In that case I better understand your stand.
They knew and understood what they did.
It's still not your right by any means to keep it, but I understand that you might take the risk of letting them take action and ask you to deposit it back.
If this would be a normal bank and fiat, I definitely would not take the initiative....
But being Bitcoin and them just trying to make it work out for you I would contact them..
@_date: 2019-05-18 09:27:43
Thanks for sharing your story.
You nicely point out how much money one needs to retire comfortably and you seem to have a low luxury life style, imagine how much one would need when thinking about nice cars, houses, big holiday's, etc, etc.
I really recognize your point, your other post, about following the news, I'm trying do get rid of that habit as well. In the end most is the same but current political tensions are worrisome so I can't really stop...
I recognize a lot of your thinking so I'm a bit surprised you don't mention gold/silver as insurance?
Do you not see the risk of fiat, hyper, inflation and/or the economy crashing down?
You investment portfolio would take a big hit, PM could be an insurance although I think your current Bitcoin position would be in the same league although it's a different animal....
Well done for your age, I'm a bit jealous (but not doing bad either, I hope just a few years behind on you :0).
@_date: 2019-05-11 13:25:20
I understand your reaction.
Only because of my extreme precautions I was able to keep my ledgers up and running.
I hope they realize in what kind of mess they are getting themselves into...
Trust comes by foot but leaves on a horse.
@_date: 2019-05-05 15:15:44
This will be a moving target.
If Bitcoin succeeds, the gold market capitalization is a starter.
So indeed to me $400k a bitcoin is well possible.
But if it reaches golds market capitalization I can't see how it would stop there and not increase another 10-100 times?
It's poisoned to succeed, become a global store of wealth or world currency, or fail completely.
To me it's hard to imagine some in between state where it would be stable in price over a longer time.
So it's more or less a fail or succeed question, and the question if it will allow one or more parallel things like gold, other CC, whatever, to exist or if Bitcoin takes over completely?
If it doesn't fail:
If all wealth will flow into Bitcoin the number will be mind blowing.
If it would allow some parallel currencies, it will still be mind blowing.
Only if it will remain a nice market parallel to all current systems it will somehow 'only' reach a few hundred thousand dollars....
We are still in the 'just getting started' phase, I know it's hard to believe, but still I do...
@_date: 2019-05-11 13:51:35
And Bitcoin did have it's downturn just behind it.
Sp500 is probably just close to it's ATH....
And if the market breaks this time, a fast recovery is very unlikely.
Place your bets wisely.
@_date: 2019-05-11 21:10:25
I have to digest the splitting of store of value and payment.
Somehow in my mind these are/should be the same thing?
Does Novogratz mean something, the payment token, that is hard coupled to Bitcoin, the store of value, like how fiat was once hard coupled to Gold?
Anyone that can elaborate on that?
@_date: 2019-05-15 19:22:31
Bitcoin is as ready as it ever was and will be.
If you would try to comprehend that fact with the knowledge how it was created and developed over the last 10 years you should know enough.
We can pretty much conclude after 10 years testing it has a quite remarkable quality for a SW project by any measurement.
The problem is most people are impatient or worse don't know what they are wishing for.
I still don't understand how people can use the current price discovery as something unwanted.
How can any sane person expect stability from a newly introduced form of money or store of value if that is also decentralized and unregulated by any means?
Although I can understand that in the long term it is needed and will be, it sounds a bit like complaining it's raining gold flakes and that that shit won't simply rot away and you need to go out and clean it.
It's a natural cycle we are going trough  it's called price discovery for a reason and it's allways needed in a free market.
How can you expect an new piece of SW as complex as Lightning to be ready, fully tested and up and running and accepted world wide in such a short time frame.
Dit you ever developed SW, tested it?
Let alone a piece of software that should be so reliable it could safely run, potentially, a major part of all commercial transactions world wide?
Did you ever thought what could happen if a update of the Bitcoin protocol had a real bug in it or if lighting would be released and fuck up just a part of all transactions?
Do you have any idea how many bugs the 'modern' banking SW has and how long it took them to develop them and test them, how big the budgets are that are being wasted at that mess?
Did you know some banks are still running quite ancient SW with known bugs but they are too afraid to try and fix it or replace it?
It's quite a miracle where we are right now.
We are only taking over the worldwide financial system.
Please may this job take some time?
If we have to choose between ten years delay and preventing a real bug it's probably well worth that ten years and probably a lot more, let that sink in for while...
We are not trying to mimic some new fiat that will serve as the world reserve and has an average life span of some 50 years.
We are building a Gold version 2.0 that hopefully has a lifetime of some thousands years.
@_date: 2019-05-08 09:14:49
After some years of studying this stuff I realized that both money and value are understood as well as the exponential function (the exponential funtion is often called the least understood function by some smart people).
With 5-10 slides I can show some 60-90% of the people what the exponential function is and what, some of, the implications are.
But when it comes to money and value even most of the 'smartest'  people can't come up with some comprehensive explanation nor are they capable of having an open minded conversation about it.
I have tried to find a way to explain it but these manmade things, believes, are in fact quite vague and personal.
Vague things that are a basic thing needed to live and used to measure success etc., are, again for most, so scary that they just have some crazy solid believe in it without some real reasoning behind it but just this strong belief.
I guess it's human behavior for things that are not scientifically provable but nevertheless quite important to be wrapped in some believe. We want security, things to be predictable, stable and if things can't be explained humans tend to make an explanation about it with made up rules and 'laws' that should apply to it.
The funny or scary thing about this is that most people stick to these beliefs stronger than all other 'provable' things.
Some nice samples are those where science meets belief, like when the church had to admit not the earth but the sun to be the center of our solar system.
These just show how hard it is for a group of people to let go of their belief if it is a basic value to them. Even if logic reasoning or facts proves else.
If reasoning is done from provable facts or logic, new insights changing these provable facts or logic makes it easy to change the conclusion following it.
Others logic or facts that are wrong leading to our conclusions being wrong is not that hard to admit while believes of our own being challenged....
Well money is a basic value to most of us and just build upon a belief, an overall accepted thought that gold has more value than most other stuff, supported by its properties that make it very practical as money and it's natural scarcity.
Fiat, a perfect sample of something easy provable of having no value on its own except for the fact it is easy to recognize hard to counterfeit and forced upon us to use, is cleverly marketed and accepted as money.
(It could be a nice solution if it wasn't abused, unfortunately history has proven that if money can be abused someone will come along in control that will do so (hence why I think Bitcoin has such unique properties I hope it will succeed)).
Since it's such a basic need only a few have the guts to question what money/fiat it is and why we accept it as being what we are told (and realize/accept its quite vague).
Gold has many desirable properties for money, but also has some downsides and is currently being capped by the derivative marked that is so big it's a bigger value factor than the physical market.
And here we have Bitcoin.
For those who want to see it and understand it, it's clearly a superior form of money.
It has most of the values of gold but lacks most of golds downsides.
But it's up against this wall of stubborn belief and it will disrupt the current fiat system that is such an perfect system to abuse by a few, so it can't be a surprise those few will mock it a bit....
It's also new so can't fall back on a long proven history or a natural value discovery (please think about this so we can leave the argument that it's not stable behind us, just learn to use this possible insane opportunity).
It's in some way entertaining to see all those levels of belief and understanding.
At some point in history I'm pretty sure they will look back in unbelief why the education system was not explaining money better, the same way we look back to the Middle Ages in disbelief about the church keeping so much knowledge to their own just to keep in power, thinking the pleps where not capable of understanding, or just thinking they where the only, devine, ones worth having this knowledge.
At this moment fiat is abused to its limits, building up debt.
This is done to evade needed pain right now by creating even bigger problems in the future.
Nice if this means the next party, government or even generation will have to solve it but less nice it you are the one to solve or suffer from it.
The current problems, amount of debt, for fiat are so huge, I don't see a way to solve it in a sane way.
So it's only a question of how it will fall apart and when.
Please don't think Bitcoin can solve this existing problem, it a better form of money but no cure for insane human behavior.
In this interwoven world I think the tendency will be toward one word, reserve, currency or one general accepted store of value.
And for most the best will be the least manipulated, most decentralized form and best usable one.
And for now it seems Bitcoin just happens to be that.
But I don't see a big problem with several of these, for example also Gold, in existence at the same time, it's rather insane to not expect a long slow transition between two or more sane forms of money.
Since this post is again allready much longer than intended I will leave it at this.
@_date: 2018-12-31 20:25:21
"Ph.D., CFA, CAIA, and Professor of Finance at Heider College of Business, Creighton University. He’s Chairman and CEO of Economic Index Associates, and co-author of The Tools and Techniques of Investment Planning, Investment Banking for Dummies, Strategic Value Investing, and Invest With the Fed"
That sums it up quite nicely...
Just the next guy that adds another death of BTC.
Are we getting close to the bottom yet, guess so.
@_date: 2018-12-16 18:47:07
For a moment I thought it was time to start buying.
To just find out you were still hodling.
So will have to wait some more, nevertheless these kind of mails are hopeful....
Then again you were not even talking about BTC...
@_date: 2018-12-06 17:28:14
Hmmm, have seen BTC in a better shape..
@_date: 2019-05-14 13:13:22
I think those still in red numbers feel bad enough, you don't have to rub it in how special they are......
@_date: 2018-12-16 18:54:07
If you invested that money in BTC iso Harvard you would be rich right now and probably be a bit wiser as well.
@_date: 2019-05-11 09:29:28
These things will never change.
If looking forward would just be as easy as looking back......
But it isn't, and if somehow someone could, do you really think he would just let you know and give that info?
Next ATH will be the same as previous, I pretty well know who will tell me I'm just lucky, who will ask me how this shit works, who will ask me how much I have, who will be envious, who will come to me and more or less blame me I didn't pushed them harder, who will tell me I should sell, should have bought more, and who will tell me this shit is just insane and should at least be taxed to death but even better be forbidden.
As usual you can only trust on your own, and to be honest that is the way it should be.
It's your success or your failure, learn to live with it, even better enjoy it, because that's life.
@_date: 2018-12-01 09:41:30
As long as BTC is not dead, it has a chance of becoming that what it is supposed to be.
Once it gets there owning and using it will be as normal as breathing.
It will only get there by the support of us.
To gain from the adoption phase you need to get in as soon and as cheap as possible.
I think that's all there is to say about it.
When you think it is wise, safe to get in with how much is really up to you.
I would advise not to take my advice because if i knew it would drop this low I wouldn't have bought at a higher price.
I doubt anyone knows, but it is certainly a much better time to get in than most of the last 12 months.
So if you look at the long term chart it is hard to argue it's not a good time the start getting in unless you think the risk of a total failure is high.
Just realize btc is volatile and you need to be able to cope with it, and that means being able to cope with both the ups and downs since they will be coming.
Good luck to you, simply because it will mean good luck to me too!
@_date: 2019-05-26 06:06:47
If you are bored by this market you can always use leverage.
You can go short, long or both and use such a leverage u start sweating carrots if you like..
@_date: 2018-12-01 09:50:32
Uhmm it is supposed to be working the other way around; you exit fiat for good....
@_date: 2018-12-25 10:47:36
" I literally mean thousands of years of human progress and evolution in fractions of a second"
Don't you think that long before it gets that advanced it will see humans for what we are and it's first priority will become to extinct us?
If we go there, I see we are going in that direction myself, we really have no one else to blame than ourselves. 
Would the conclusion be we where too smart or not smart enough?
@_date: 2019-05-18 08:55:43
Thanks for joining...., please give us an update on how it's working.
How many apps can be installed, how stable is a firmware upgrade, do you use the Bluetooth, how is the inferace compared to the -S, etc?
@_date: 2018-12-02 15:22:14
"Why would anyone buy this now? "
Duno, 
Perhaps because it sounds smarter than buying when it just went up by a few 100% ?
Because irrelevant to the current price or price history it has a chance of becoming a big part of the financial sphere and current market cap would imply there is some growing room left?
Beside possible gains to be had it is sound money iso the fiat most people use?
I could go on but some how I think it will be lost on you?
If not and you do want to find out some more there are a lot of us who are willing to help, just ask.
@_date: 2018-12-21 18:34:07
I was afraid this would be your answer, so again what is wrong with just asking them if they would like to complete the trade with bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-12-29 11:14:59
I like critical thinking and this argument is not brought up many times.
I agree people are quite jumpy but then again if something really useful or better comes along they tend to stick to it.
With BTC it's quite black or white, it will grow up or vanish.
For me I bet the chances of succeeding are higher than failure, but that's up to everyone themselves.
Edit 
For something decentralized it's impossible to succeed without going through these insane growing pains, one can choose to avoid them or embrace them. For me that's the reason for the 'don't invest more than one is willing to lose ' disclaimer.
@_date: 2018-12-31 19:30:54
For me that means a few hours left..... Would be quite amazing to see it go there comming hours...
@_date: 2018-12-31 20:28:49
Me hope so too.
But the only thing I know is that I'm in the same point in that chart as you are.
Happy new year!
@_date: 2018-12-01 10:11:27
I think we are all guessing a bit?
Looking at volume charts a clear relation to price, volatility, can been seen.
But correct interpretation let alone a prediction is something else.
I can only conclude from looking into the past if there was a real up or down trend from both volume and price charts, and only when lookin at the price I can conclude if money was entering, leaving, or just btc being moved around.
If you find a way to look forward, the only really useful way, please enlighten us :0)
@_date: 2018-12-28 22:26:22
I thought scam-man allready tried to increase the block size..
How are things going in Cash-land?
Bye bye.
@_date: 2018-12-22 09:57:16
It's not an exchange run......, until it is......
People only learn the hard way, lets get this going.
(Wish I could participate, guess its a bit binary: you do or you do not understand bitcoin....)
@_date: 2018-12-04 20:22:39
I do not even understand why a normal user would use a mixer?
To me you just increase the chance your legally obtained coins get related to tainted coins because only criminals would really need a mixer?
Or am I missing something?
@_date: 2018-12-01 10:14:46
You can change that into "Mainstream Media Coverage of Bitcoin goes up as Price moves a Lot"
Untill now up or down didn't matter.....
@_date: 2019-05-23 18:38:14
So do you ask your friends "Change my mind: 1 + 1 = 2" ?
I could write an essay, multiple books, but you are not asking for these are you?
The best way to face your biggest fears or doubts is to face them head on.
Study it without your prejudices and normal bias blocking your view.
Transfere some fiat into Bitcoin and start waking up.
Don't keep looking back while telling yourself you missed the boat.
Look ahead, you are still early.
Going to fast? 
Sorry, how much time do you have to waist?
Face it you are the one running, arguing in circles.
@_date: 2018-12-13 18:32:36
There is more to it.
Most WRC's where enforced.
The latest is the worst of them all due to being both fiat and enforced.
It is basically just stupid everyone keeps using it while it's clear the issuer is both misusing it by deflating it into oblivion and both enforcing it by violence.
The rest of the world is paying America to only see a lot of that money to be used for obvious mean evil things.
Going back to gold could be a sane option (sound money) but in this age it's just quite cumbersome to use. BTC is fundamentally positioned perfectly to take over gold as new WRC.
It would be quite amazing to see another form of sound money take over this role again.
Just read up on why the age when we used gold or gold backed currencies was creating so much wealth.
Yes it would hamper governments in their grand sceme as well as big corporations.
But if you realize how they work it's hard to see that as a negative thing.
If just more people would make some time to learn how fiat works and would have the guts to take back their freedom and financial independence....
@_date: 2019-05-17 16:42:35
First of all I think the 'extern broker' , what ever that may be, is not going to be long in the business if the make this kind of mistakes often...
As mentioned by other be fair and just let them know they made a mistake and work out a solution.
It's better to have a good working relationship for a long time than screw it up and in the end be forced ro pay it back any way.
But what really annoys me is the hint that the transaction time in combination with a falling price is for whatever reason something the broker is accountable for.
You bought a a certain time and that is the moment the price was set so it was clear what you would have to pay and what you should get for that.
Unless you somehow agreed upon a maximum delivery time you can't blaim them that the transaction took that long. A reasonable fee was paid ens of story.
Or would you also agree upon them asking back some Bitcoin if the price would have increased after the time you bought and before you got it?
You should have known that a Bitcoin transaction takes some time, and although I agree it took quite long and I have never experienced such a timing when buying Bitcoin, it was a very busy time and in that context not something extreme.
So in short, you took the decision to buy at that time, all effects after that time is your risk, unless you had a certain timing agreement on the delivery (which by now you understand 'no one' would do since even an insane high fee can't guarantee a next block will be mined within a certain time, nor that a specific transaction is going to be included).
It's stupid of them to make the transaction twice, but legally it's their money (the double transfer).
@_date: 2018-12-01 10:46:30
It is self protection.
They know they are criminals, but without physical evidence it's hard(er) to prove, and makes extending their sceme even easier.
So they embrace cashless.
@_date: 2018-12-24 20:13:48
This guy wants to hack bitcoin, where can I collect this multi billion dollar bounty :0)
@_date: 2018-12-22 10:57:29
The more you think about Darwin the better it gets.....
@_date: 2019-05-14 17:27:35
I'm not claiming Bitcoin is perfect.
But if you criticize something it makes sense to compare it to similar things.
We all know why these articles only mention the few things that stick out, like current transaction capacity, and are not diving into the basics, It would simply be a completely lost case.
Bitcoin has a sane basis, it's just sound money.
We are now working all things that needs to be improved.
But just tellin the whole truth can be a bit ugly.
They have fiat that is rotten in the core but pretty far integrated the last hundred years and all that time supported by big budgets.
We have Bitcoin based on a solid and sane foundation but just ten years in development supported by almost no buget at all.
They are scared and should be.
Tic toc.
@_date: 2018-12-01 21:20:51
why is this worth a post?
I ain't selling.
@_date: 2019-05-11 09:52:29
Money is to be made before it's clear for everyone to see.
@_date: 2019-05-11 15:33:29
You got something wrong.
It's time to move large amounts out of the traditional banking system!
@_date: 2019-05-07 16:38:54
As far as I comprehend the 25th word has several reasons to use.
First, if your 24 word seed is comprised a good passphrase will still protect you.
Notice that writing it down makes this reasoning less valid and remember it makes storing/restoring more complicated.
Second, when using a hw wallet you are depending on the integrity of the hw wallet.
The passphrase takes care of this if it is strong.
Third, you can use your default seed as decoy, put some Satoshis in it and use as daily wallet, when you are forced to give your seed the amount should be high enough to convince the robber.
Only with your passphrase one can access your lifesaving/pension.
And perhaps there are more...
It adds security but makes it also more complex, so think about it before applying.
@_date: 2019-05-11 13:06:47
You are never depended on your hw wallet, unless I have to explain to you what these 24 words where when you got your hw wallet up and running, and should be safe but accessible stored?
So you should be able to fall back to your hw or sw backup wallet at anytime.
Most would call me paranoid for having a hw wallet as backup available, multiple computers I can plug them in and start, even a bootable usb stick with a safe unix install ready to go just in case.
With Bitcoin you are your own bank, you better take it seriously or never mind at all.
All in between is not smart, unless/while you are playing/learning with some pocket money.
I do agree Ledger is quite reckless with their current rollout of new sw while their older chrome apps are quite hidden now..
Their support on the website is indeed chaotic.
I hope they get their act together again soon.
@_date: 2018-12-01 10:30:35
You are on the right track.
We just need to explain the difference between the real stuff, a btc owned by possession of the private key, and the fiat bull shit, BTC owned by a promise.
As long as people believe the promise and are willing to pay or suffer from trusting that promise the fiat system will survive.
I still trying to wrap my head around the fact people let go to the sound money we once had.
A lot had to do with controlling the supply and being able to outlaw the sound money, and the ease of use of fiat compared to that sound money.
So it's good to see BTC is different in those domains .
I'm putting money into supporting the alternative, we are taming the fiat criminals!
@_date: 2018-12-31 18:46:44
Just more proof it is easier to give an opinion than gain some knowledge about BTC.
@_date: 2018-12-29 11:37:50
Don't speak FUD, most are here just because of this volatility :0)
Yes they talk about tech, money, etc, and for sure some are in it for that reason, but most hope to gain a lot.
I don't enjoy the downtrends as much as the uptrends but always have to smile about the ones that seem to think it should go up only.
It's a kind of filter, the ones that are just in it for, fast, gains tend to give up in these brutal down turns.
While the ones that have faith in the technology, sane money, etc, tend to stick around.
The ones that can play the high and lows can really make a grand slam in only some years.
@_date: 2018-12-27 11:23:06
Thanks, nice site with some interesting explanation of some basics behind CC.
@_date: 2019-05-05 05:56:46
The best stage is before buying Bitcoin.
First one should learn what it is.
By then you realize this is someting worth putting in some of your wealth.
So the most logical time would be before you buy any.
It's the way I did it and have no regrets at all.
First two hw wallets, bitbox, have now been retired.
Ledger or Trezor should both be fine.
If you doubt about the hw wallet, randomness of seed, you could even add a 25 word as additional security.
I only did that after I put some money in Bitcoin.
One you start and really think things over there is no way back, welcome.
@_date: 2018-12-22 21:11:24
Well we don't get Bitcoin either, most have to pay for it, some earn them, some mine.
@_date: 2018-12-02 15:13:48
Hmm do you actually have any idea how many people are considering you BEING rich if you can buy $50,000 worth of anything?
@_date: 2018-12-02 18:38:15
There was something about predictions, I'm shure they also said something especially about the future.
But then again I'm not the smartest person.....
@_date: 2018-12-22 19:58:22
You have some valid points.
Now show me the superior alternative and I will jump.
@_date: 2018-12-19 19:49:22
I do not see the problem?
When you want to pay someone with fiat or someone wants to pay you with fiat why can't you just ask "can we do this with BTC?"
What is the exact problem you see/have?
What do you mean with "social identity" you talk about people you already know so are you referring to some online action where you never meet or personally exchange goods?
@_date: 2018-12-03 22:03:31
Exactly those are the reasons to pay more, everything possible, with BTC.
Not a reason not to pay for everything else with BTC.
Starve the beast.
@_date: 2018-12-01 09:21:28
Lol, btc keeps gaining traction, usability, and everyday it's here makes it stronger.
And despite all these easy to gasp and checked facts lots of people still think it will die because the current exchange power against something as stupid as fiat is down, yes a lot, for almost a year.
Like this has never happened before or will never happen again....
There is no guarantee it will succeed but if it fails it will be because it won't be seen for what it is or can do, to be honest looking around me a lot are just too conditioned, stupid or lazy....
Lets just keep supporting it as we have done until now.
It has been a incredible success story so far and from what I see we have just started.
I'm realizing some arguments do make sense, so we have to keep explaining the 'obvious ' stuff.
Yes for a global currency it needs to be more stable.
But how can a decentralized money come into existence without going through these phases?
How can something like this from the start be evenly distributed?
How can something gain real trust?
It just makes sense we have to go through these phases.
And for those willing to take that risk or effort to support it isn't it also normal they reap the possible gains from it?
1 million members will just be another milestone when looking back, but yes worth some attention when happening!
@_date: 2019-05-04 07:50:04
It's nice, well done.
The best part is not mentioning the dollar price of gold, thats Golden! (Or should I say Bitcoined?)
Next step leave all fiat out completely!
@_date: 2018-12-01 08:49:37
There more levels to it.
In the end we all didn't prevent it from happening.
'They' spoiled all of us so much with fake security, fake freedom,, fake money etc. that we can't even see it anymore.
We are all suffering from the Stockholm syndrome most defending the current system, and  some are profiting nicely from it.
Freedom doesn't come for free, it is a constant struggle, the fuct that most of us didn't have to do shit for it just points out the lack of real freedom we have.
Unless we again unite and are willing to fight for it we won't get it back.
BTC is sound money and we more or less got it for free, but if we are not willing to put effort in it it will fail, and with it a unique opportunity to gain some freedom back.
So indeed this shouldn't be needed but the next thing is we can help, and we should learn from in.
@_date: 2019-05-17 17:08:46
"How am I supposed to take their reporting and analysis seriously when they publish stuff like this?"
So this was you first fact checking you did on their stories?
My god please take a chair before you do some more checking, I'm afraid you are gone faint..
@_date: 2018-12-24 15:49:03
Just curious, why would you mix coins?
I know of a reason but in that case I don't expect an answer.
@_date: 2018-12-21 18:25:25
I can teach you a life changing lesson.
All you have to do is store your bitcoin on an adress I can provide you.
If you are really interested in this life changing lesson please PM me for details.
( this offer will only be valid for the next 10 hours )
@_date: 2018-12-25 11:00:23
The US blacklisting them just makes them kind of special.
Shouldn't that increase the value:0)
@_date: 2019-05-14 18:42:37
Well at least you are clear in your wishes :0)
So you are just asking how high the next top will be, how low the next bottom, and then where the next top will be..
Besides that you are going to execute that sell, buy, sell sceme perfectly....
If the next run will take us to ~70k
If the next bottom will be ~14k
If the top after that will be ~200k
You would have to buy 2 Bitcoins, so ~ $16k, now to have 2m if executed perfectly.
@_date: 2018-12-19 19:30:42
If after almost a whole year of down trend you start to fomo after just a few days of just a little higher prices I seriously doubt if BTC is the right stuff for you to handle.....
@_date: 2019-05-18 08:44:41
Bitcoin was created for a reason and the fact that it is what it is and where it is right now is proof the basics are quite ok.
One of the core aspects is that people can transact to whoever they want and whatever amount as long as they have the private keys of those Bitcoin.
So for some reason you do not know the basic values of Bitcoin or you do not agree.
If it's the first; start learning, if it's the second; there are very nice alternatives that try to control these exact things you talk about, I suggest to move over there.
@_date: 2018-12-24 16:04:54
Nice thought.
I think banks/fiat suppliers wont give up without a fight.
Never underestimate the fact banks and governments are in this together and what is at stake.
I still think some last effort fighting to stop BTC will have to be fought...
But as always there will be some governments that will start embracing it.
And that is going to be a very interesting period.
Meanwhile be prepared for the worst.
It will be demonized, terrorist money, tax evaders, or plain unfair and taxed into oblivion.
I think this is much more than just a sane money fight.
It will be at least partly about freedom.
And those fights have been neglected for such a long time a lot of sacrifices are need due to settle it back again.
Never the less it's one of the few fights I am prepared to fight at this moment.
@_date: 2018-12-31 19:01:21
Next time you ask a friend to send money to just some adress, please first mail me...
I can use it and you won't have this agony of not knowing where it went.
@_date: 2019-05-23 16:25:27
Uhmm it's going up the last hours but I haven't seen you asking way it's going up now?
Seriously: it's volatile nobody can explain every movement, nor up nor down..
Just enjoy it or look for something more stable.
@_date: 2019-05-23 18:46:48
You are correct.
We only have forgotten the regular man was in power, is in power and will always be in power, unless he gives that power away or stops using their power.
Most expect others to stand up others to do the fighting.
Well it's time we take power back..
@_date: 2019-05-09 19:04:10
You do realize that market-cap is not equal to the amount of money that was put into Bitcoin?
I agree John made a pretty bold statement.
@_date: 2019-05-12 16:51:04
Bitcoin just doubled in no time and now this 'Investment' Bank is 'predicting' it will reach a done deal again in the course of the next TWO years....
Me dead grandma, may here soul rest in peace, is capable of giving boulder statements!
Dear Bank, please take this free advise:
Stay to the things you are good at like screwing people financially.
But most of all stay the heck away from OUR BITCOIN !!
We don't want to know what you think about it, we want you to disappear...
(Sorry for the rambling)
@_date: 2018-12-24 10:03:34
Ok, I thought it was you didn't bought BTC or didn't hodl long enough?
Why can't things be simple...
@_date: 2018-12-22 20:12:23
I will promise you that if you send me 10 btc I will give you at least 10 back tomorrow.
We both agree i SHOULD honor my promise.
Shall I submit an adress or is there a bell ringing somewhere?
I call it an exchange run.
@_date: 2018-12-25 11:21:54
Typical for banks, they can't even get the color right.
@_date: 2018-12-24 16:21:47
It's one of the things not yet solved.
I would love to see a solution for it.
We could have something like a prepared wallet where we have stored a limited amount of btc.
It's allready signed or off chain and is readily accessible (I realize this is less secure).
Swiping your card reveals this store and a pin number, after checking the amount, could finalize the transfer.
Refills should be done the regular way.
If done smart you could have several of these prepared wallets.
One that wouldn't need any confirmation for small payments.
One with a pin for medium payments.
And one with pin and a second conformation (sms or something) for whatever amount you think is fine to transfer that way.
@_date: 2019-05-10 16:51:24
Ledger or Trezor, can't go wrong with one of these.
The Ledger is hw wise still as safe as has been.
But I agree with you on their recent actions creating some doubts.
I have several Ledgers and fully trust them, but their firmware updates and new sw are not up to the same quality as their hw wallets where.
The biggest worry I have is that they don't seem to realize exactly what they are messing up.
So don't be too quick with trying their new firmware and sw they try to push I expect some issues in all of them.