@_author: btczombie
@_date: 2018-01-22 15:00:06
I'm really not sure that Exchanges would find Lightning interesting.
The article pretends it would be safer for exchanges, but we know that lightning requires an active hot wallet; the first thing that exchanges do when receiving bitcoins is to move them to a secure cold storage. I think maintaining the lightning state (with the monitoring of global transactions to avoid the double-spend) is more risky for exchanges.
Second, the instant lightning connectivity between different exchanges may be good for customers for arbitrage, but again not an advantage for exchanges; they would prefer that withdrawals be slow and cumbersome to keep you trading on their platform, rather than allowing you to trade elsewhere in less than 1 minute.
@_date: 2018-01-28 18:10:12
That's consolidating dust into a normal UTXO while fees are low.
Batching would be the opposite, take a few normal  inputs and send to many outputs.
@_date: 2018-01-22 15:52:32
Oh so NOW 2MB blocks are perfectly fine, while 1 or 2 years ago a hardfork to 2MB was the end of world.
@_date: 2017-02-03 22:41:55
blockchain.info has ALWAYS been completely amateur for as long as I remember:
* 3 years ago: [Bug in random number generator used when signing transaction, leading to easily hacked (and stolen) wallets](
* 2 years ago:[Web update that broke private key generation for several hours, leading to stolen bitcoins](
* 2 years ago: [Using "random.org" as a source of random number, and then failing to use it properly,  generating the same private key for several people](
* 6 months ago: [Didn't code the correct formula for mining reward at 2nd halvening](
* And probably more that I forgot.
But people continue to use it, link to it, etc... until the day it will inevitably collapse and people will come crying on the forums that they lost a fortune, like it happened to cryptsy (same level of quality...)
@_date: 2017-03-25 13:07:03
I'm cross-replying on both of the thread.
I've been thinking a little more in-depth about the situation the past few days.
My conclusion is that the idea of a compromise/concession is naive and impossible, because the split is not on technicalities anymore, but on fundamental ideologies. We left the era of engineers-defined innovation, and are now full in politics.
I will make a comparison with political systems :  more than two centuries ago, the French revolution happened. It was about overthrowing the monarchy and give the power back to the people, through democracy and The Declaration of the Rights of Man. Everyone involved was driven by those same principles. Let's loosely compare it to the invention of the blockchain, make Satoshi whitepaper the constitution, and overthrowing banks and centralization.
After that, of course, different political parties and directions were created during history, and even if they follow the basic Constitution, that are opposed in every other thing. Left ? Right ? Liberal ? Economic conservatives ? Tax on the wealthy to provide social security for the poor, or the other way ? And all of them are in competition with each other, even though they all evolve in the same democratic system. None of them want to "destroy democracy" or are "shills" to the monarchy. They just have opposed views on WHAT are the right things and HOW to do it.
There is no compromise possible here. You cannot find a middle ground between one Party wanting , for example, to close all borders, leave the Euro and establish a marxist-leninist state; and another one for world-wide deregulation and unbridled capitalism. (No, there is no comparison to be made with the current factions in bitcoin, just making some stupid example :) ). 
What we need, I think, is a *clear, explicit, detailed platform* of each group proposal, starting from the fundamental philosophical ideologies, assumptions, and goals.
What is your definition of Bitcoin ? What is your definition of consensus ? What is the role, rights, and duties of developpers, miners, node operators, merchants, users, exchanges ? Where does power come from ? Who/what are the watchdogs ? Do you want bitcoin to be a tool (generic, permissionless), or do you want it to be a product (with well-defined goals and usage) ? 
Something like the check-and-balance of real-world constitution: what would be the equivalent of head-of-state, parliament, referendum, supreme-court ? Who controls what ? Who has veto power over who ?
Is total Hash-rate "signaling" or "voting" ? or UASF ? Is each one of those two allowed by the "constitution", or is it a coup ? 
WHAT is the constitution ? I think the White paper is not enough now, and need some amendments.
Lets start by this: we cannot do compromise about the future, without first making another round-table, but this time, to clearly define the Constitution of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-19 22:23:35
OK the answer you got may be a liiiittttle biased and not impartial :)
 You may want to ask the same question to the "other" group and see what their response is ! But I suppose I can't even give you the link to the other subredit, because where you are now, a **lot** of comments get mass-deleted if they mention any forbidden word.. (which is also a reason of the split in the community). Hint: after the instead of bitcoin, write the 3-letter for the ticker symbol of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-20 09:53:12
All of the proposed "solutions" the last few days to punish miners are crazy in my mind, when viewed in long-term consequences.
They seem efficient on the short-term, but are generally of the "nuclear war" type, incredibly powerful, in the good AND the bad. The current system of game-theory between code, nodes, miners, etc... has some "balance" to it (maybe not perfect, but nothing is).
Those kind of proposal, to solve ONE problem, introduce a new all-powerful control tool, breaking this balance. OK, it may solve your problem now, but what happen in 5 or 10 years ? Suppose the Core team evolves (People get old and quit the team, new ones join) and little by little they "change" for something you don't like, while miners became the last line of defense against a rogue Core. But you gave them, today, this big red button of absolute control !
That's like a democratic government passing "emergency" laws; don't be surprised when someone abuses them and becomes a dictator.
@_date: 2017-11-05 14:35:58


I think you're misinterpreting the article here. The required energy is not proportional to the number of transactions, only to the difficulty of mining one block. This block could contain only 1, or one million transactions, the energy would be the same.
The total energy secures the unforgeability of the global Blockchain, independently of what's inside the blocks.
@_date: 2016-05-10 20:50:46
You want to replace the Chinese mining centralization by Wealth centralization: the richest people will get richer, and everyday people with their wallet will earn 1 satoshi every month, as much as if they mined with their CPU.
* [ 1% of the Bitcoin Community Controls 99% of Bitcoin Wealth]( (1 year ago)
* See the current statistics:   (almost exactly the same).
