@_author: btheonepercent
@_date: 2013-05-19 17:18:17
To add on the point of convincing one major retailer. That would be the optimum of course, although since policies about bitcoin as whether it is considered a commodity or a currency is not set in many countries, it would be threading in legal gray water. We are not even talking about how sales tax should be applied for sells of good for a international currency/commodity. Therefore the course of action given our current standing is start small and help those small online business and stores to have a competitive edge by using bitcoins over the big guys.
@_date: 2013-05-19 23:31:16
@_date: 2013-05-19 17:07:35
Definitely, our plan is to push it to merchants that are affected the most by charge back rates, also merchnats that are playing the margin games. Some of the examples would be online retialers, restaurants and grocery stores. For the merchants its a pretty straight foward call, if people want to use Bitcoin to pay. For people, they need to be sold on the idea that bitcoin is better, because if noone uses it, doesnt matter how many merchants accepts it.
One way of pushing that is to make sure the price people pay with bitcoin is lower than the price in fiat currency. Merchants can easily do that since they save money on charge back and transaction fees and banking fees.
All this is obvious to the bitcoin community, but not so obvious for the general public. We want to make it obvious.
@_date: 2013-05-19 23:31:27
@_date: 2013-05-20 13:18:44
Very rough calculations. Basically we need to get about $500 Billion of GDP in the Bitcoin ecosystem. Some data are outdated, although this gives an idea of how much work everyone needs to help with.
@_date: 2013-05-19 20:29:06
Thats one of out main focus. Find small time merchants in countries where people are experiencing financial problems, teach them about bitcoin and how it can garantee them 0% charge back, less than 1% transaction. They will open themselves to consumer around the world, even those without paypal or cc. We want to lower their barrier to entry into the bitcoin game.
@_date: 2013-05-19 15:53:06
Definitely agree with you there! Although I feel there are 2 barrier to entry into the Bitcoin game. One is physical and one is psychological. 
Physical one is basically how easy it is to use Bitcoin as a currency. That is being addressed by the investment into Bitcoin venture in the recent weeks.
Psychological barrier is that because it is digital and a lot of the average "folks" don't think it is money and can't see why it is better than something that they can hold in their hand such as a $20 bill. To them that $20 is worth more in dollars than in Bitcoin. Our goal is to spread what we understand about Bitcoin, and how it can revolutionize the monetary system to better the individual.
1% is the beginning, we are still have a long way to go. Although, if we do get 1% we can then aim for 10% or 50%.
There is also the idea that we need to move big and fast, before regulations even have time to catch up. Instead of waiting for it to happen, and because we truly believe in Bitcoin and how it can help the world in term of price stabilization, frictionless trading to name a few, we want to proactively help it to grow to that market share as soon as possible.
@_date: 2013-05-20 13:29:35
This is one of the classical reactions that people have when we try to talk about Bitcoin. It sounds like a Ponzi scheme or a Pyramid. The important distinction that you need to help them make is that in a classical Ponzi scheme the Value that the underlying asset or services...etc. that people are selling to you, is usually worthless or extremely marked up.
In the case of Bitcoin, early adopter are rewarded for their move if the adaptation spreads to Early majority. We need to jump over the Chasm as well but that's for another day. To continue, the early majority and late majority and Laggards do not get "nothing" they still get a valuable technology.
Before answering your question, we believe that Bitcoin is a great technology that has the power to revolutionize what people think money is and how people think about money. It also has the power to revolutionize the monetary system. Of course we are talking about a two way cannon. Bitcoin, like any other "money" is a mean to an end. We want to help it grow and be something beneficial for the human race.
To answer your question, yes we will be the 1% if the market gets there, although it doesn't infringe on the technological benefits that late adopters can get. They still win some.
@_date: 2013-05-20 13:37:27
Thank you very much!
And definitely, any idea and suggestions are welcome.
@_date: 2013-05-19 21:44:08
Its definitely a controversial one.