@_author: bticoindeveloper01
@_date: 2015-04-20 16:25:15
We are developers who have a working prototype of a offline bitcoin wallet. 
@_date: 2015-04-20 16:27:33
The original purpose of this project was to develop a simple offline Bitcoin wallet that would store Bitcoin currency offline, as well as transaction history and multiple accounts for a single user. The chief focus of this project is security. Personal Bitcoin storage can be risky; being susceptible to skilled hackers who make a living infiltrating accounts and stealing funds. Moreover, any currency that is stored in an online environment is at risk.
Currently, there are only two products on the market that serves as an offline Bitcoin wallet; that being the Trezor and the HardBit. Although Trezor is effective, it is definitely not comprehensive. For example, Trezor has a miniature screen that is only able to display 1 line of 1mm text and is only accessible through USB.  The HardBit has a 2.5 inch LCD touchscreen, but cannot transmit data via USB.  It won’t allow a user to upload a private key, much less generate one.  This device will be called the ColdCoin.  Not only will the ColdCoin have an LCD touchscreen that is 4.3 inches in length and width, but it will also have USB accessibility. This screen will make the product much more user friendly and capable by displaying QR codes, transaction history. It will also function as a full keypad; perfect for entering in a security code, password or transaction amounts. Another problem with the Trezor and HardBit is the cost per unit. Although it would cost approximately $20 to produce a single Trezor, they retail for $129.  The HardBit retails for $125. The ColdCoin would retail for approximately $160, while offering a higher level of functionality and usability than both of its competitors combined. The proposed design would use a complete board from Arduino that meets all of the design specifications. The use of a pre-manufactured board such as an Arduino would vastly lower the cost per unit without sacrificing capabilities.
The proposed project will consist of the scheme and execution for a small and compact device capable of the following: the offline storage of Bitcoins, an efficient processor with RAM, sufficient and retractable nonvolatile memory, power supply through either a 9V internal battery or USB port, the generation of a completely random user key and a 4.3 inch touchscreen.  The touchscreen will be able to display QR codes, command prompts, a keypad and a user’s account history. Aruki will manufacture an enclosure for the ColdCoin with precise 3D printing technology. This will prevent potential damages such as water or a user dropping it from being able to compromise the integrity of the ColdCoin. Hardware and software code will be written to the device to be able to process commands and execute transactions. The board will come preassembled with a powerful processor in order to carry out tasks quickly and efficiently. The ColdCoin will not have Wifi connectivity, making it impossible to access and receive a user’s account funds from the outside.  The ColdCoin will have 2 distinct modes, locked and unlocked.  The ColdCoin will be locked before the user enters a correct password and stays locked if the user enters an invalid password 5 times in succession.  Only after a correct password is entered will the ColdCoin become unlocked.  Each transaction will be checked before processing to ensure the user has sufficient funds to make that purchase. After the test is passed and the transaction is made, it will be stored in the devices’ nonvolatile memory. The USB connection will allow you to safely spend your Bitcoins by connecting to any computer.
