@_author: bu_rob13
@_date: 2014-11-26 03:59:14
As would everyone - that's the fundamental problem with Bitcoin. If you have a fixed money supply and increasing money demand, this causes deflation and appreciation, which will raise the value of the currency, so everyone wants to hold Bitcoin to speculate on a future increase in the value of the currency. Something can't really be called a currency if everyone wants to hold it as an asset - it becomes more of a commodity.
The big problem, of course, is that crashes are very possible. The mechanism by which Bitcoin is inherently deflationary is through increases in the money demand, but if any major event were to occur that would drop demand for bitcoin by a large amount, inflation and depreciation can and would happen. This was seen when China banned it, and has also been seen over the past year as more and more crypto-currencies pop up. As people go elsewhere for the latest new craze, money demand for any one crypto-currency is spread thin and the value of a crypto-currency will drop.
tl;dr: Bitcoin is more of a commodity than a currency, and its value is entirely driven by money demand, which leaves it open to wild fluctuations as the relatively small demand for the crypto-currency (compared to something like the dollar) changes by large percentage values.
@_date: 2015-01-15 01:14:02
Not necessarily. It's mostly speculation, yes, but there are some actual drivers of value. The first huge Bitcoin crash was based on a decrease in demand in China, for instance, after certain laws were passed. If someone had noticed those laws the second they were announced and shorted Bitcoin, they would have made a lot of money.
Bitcoin is a shit "currency" (more of a commodity at this point, really), but there are still potentials for daytrading. There's always potential for daytrading. There's potential for daytrading Poptarts. If I found out Poptarts were going to be immediately discontinued and drove to the store and bought all the boxes they had, I could make serious profits trading those to people now that there was a serious shortage. Anything can be daytraded - you just need to have some form of asymmetric information temporarily.
@_date: 2015-01-15 02:10:40
Day trading in its typical sense is trading in financial markets extremely short-term, typically within a day. In general, day trading is speculating on an asset because you believe the price will be immediately changing. That inherently involves a belief that you have more info than the market.
I don't day trade. I don't have the time or know-how to do it, nor do I care for the risk, because if you're wrong about being smarter than the market, then you can lose big. And the vast majority of people are wrong.
You can day trade anything in any market if you're speculating on a price change. There's no reason to restrict the definition to financial markets.
@_date: 2015-01-14 12:50:22
You can definitely make money daytrading. There are firms that make lots of money daytrading, proving that it is possible. The problem with daytrading is that 99.99% of people who try it have no idea what they're doing whatsoever, and if someone thinks they're in the 0.01%, they're probably wrong.
Successful daytrading is just reacting to new market information faster than most other traders.