@_author: buckeyelife
@_date: 2016-11-05 22:00:02


I Know bitcoin uses POW but new popular crpytos like Ethereum  propose that POS is the solution which is 90% more efficient. 90% is a lot better but since bitcoin is only generating a few megabytes per hour it is possible to make something 99% more efficient. It's not that complicated to have a database and make a call to it, skip the mining.
@_date: 2016-11-05 19:28:15
The catch-22 is people buy Bitcoins because they think the price will go to infinity and beyond once everybody uses them, but they don't spend their own Bitcoins because they think the price will go to infinity and beyond once everybody else uses them. And so nobody uses them. But if nobody uses them, then the price will stay stuck at something a lot less than infinity let alone beyond. So the Bitcoin faithful have tried to not only convert people, but also convince them to martyr themselves, financially-speaking, for the crypto cause. It goes something like this. Hey, do you want to hear about the future? It's a digital currency called Bitcoin that lets you spend or move your money online without paying any fees. Sounds great. How does it do that? Well, Bitcoin saves you money by making transactions irreversible. So ... if I get scammed, I got scammed? There's nothing I can do about it? Yes. Okay, but is it at least easy to use? The thing is, I don't actually use it. I just hoard it. I'm waiting for some greater fools to push up the price by using theirs. Oh. Yeah. So you should buy some Bitcoins and use yours. I'll get back to you on that.
@_date: 2016-11-05 21:03:46
I could but according to most scientists global warming is destroying the planet and the bitcoin network wastes as much energy as 280,000 American households. Your entitled to your own opinions but not your own environment.
@_date: 2016-11-05 19:03:51
That would be pretty 2015 actually, according to Washington Post
If blockchain is your innovation what happens when the United Sates government puts a QR Blockchain code on every dollar bill that doesn't use bitcoin or any existing altcoin. All of sudden blockchain takes over the world at the exact same instant bitcoin and all non real world backed cryptocurrencies die. BTW SolarCoin is not asset backed, it would be if the coin bought energy but instead it acts as a reward the energy producers. Hope the smart speculators leave early enough, just like when Madoff went belly up. Don't worry you still have 3 years before this gets in front of congress, and then plenty more time to.
@_date: 2016-11-05 21:44:27
You're telling me that the world's population is going to share 20 million coins? So now we are conducting transactions in fractions so small that a misplaced decimal point could essentially bankrupt someone in a transaction that can't be reversed. That's fantastic!
@_date: 2016-11-05 20:56:53
"i dont give a fuck if they put a QR code on the dollar bill."
Aren't you the  guys are for the advancement of civilization and technology? Your view on BTC block chain mainstream  adoption is scary. Do you know how the united states government got everyone to use the dollar? They made it the only way to pay taxes, good luck coping with the United States DigiDollar since Fed can make it only way to pay / get tax refund, say 100% adoption.