@_author: buddytronic
@_date: 2016-01-06 07:57:53
Explain the blockchain and you'll have Granny understanding better than Bloomberg and CNBC reporters.
Tell Grandma that the blockchain is a public ledger, like a paper record of bitcoin transactions that is posted on a sort of "bulletin board".  It's a bit of a special public record though, and it's important to know the following fact - The public ledger is checked for accuracy by thousands of "people" who all must agree that it is accurate all the time.
If Bob sends 1 Bitcoin to Sue, it is written on the blockchain public ledger, and everyone can see it and agrees that it is fact forever more.
Now tell her that instead of people, the Bitcoin Blockchain accuracy is automatically maintained by special computers that can be owned by anyone if they desire.   Also, you can now mention that there is no paper on a bulletin board, rather the blockchain "ledger" is an ever growing computer file that is guaranteed to be authentic by all those computers continuously around the clock.   
The computers that do the work of maintaining the ledger have to follow a set of rules to do the work in a way that ensures security and efficiency.  The computers that do the work also get a reward for every batch of transactions called a block.  The chain of blocks grows and grows.  The rules that the computers follow ensure that the rewards are paid out fairly.  In fact these rules govern how Bitcoins come into existence!  Bitcoins are only ever created by the computers doing the work of maintaining and ensuring the accuracy of the blockchain.  The rules have been set up so that we all can actually know how many Bitcoins will be created as time passes.  A reward is generated approximately every 10 minutes according to the rules.  
There are many rules.  Suffice it to say that a lot of computer nerds have studied these rules and played through many scenarios to check and see if there are any flaws in these rules that could cause a Bitcoin catastrophe.
Grandma might ask, well, "what if I use a supercomputer, it should get rewards faster right?"  Or she might ask "what if one company or country controlled ALL the computers processing the blockchain?"  Or she might ask "what if one day nobody wants Bitcoin and it becomes worthless?"  
All Grandma's questions can be answered easily after you explain to her about the public ledger that is the blockchain.  
@_date: 2017-11-21 10:26:44
Not quite.   Lite coin was never distributed fairly and freely to all holders of BTC.   BCH was.    Do you see this difference?     You did not mention this important difference between LTC and BCH
@_date: 2017-11-21 09:20:57
What will you say when bitcoin breaks through $100K ?      Will you say that it is still a bubble and “pure speculation” ?      Consider that you might possibly be missing something about the value of bitcoin.  That’s why you are looking for an explanation, but you are looking in the wrong place and the wrong direction.  
@_date: 2016-05-03 02:40:53
Yes, it's like "The Mystery of Faith" 
@_date: 2013-08-29 05:27:19
Thanks!   Yah nice good deed story
@_date: 2013-11-30 18:10:20
I think Peter Shiff has not done his homework on the subject of Bitcoin.  He has made up his mind based on some of the nonsense he has seen in the media about bitcoin.  I was surprised that he showed no willingness to learn.  Basically, Peter Shiff is ignorant.
@_date: 2013-08-29 05:10:14
I have a stupid question, but I wanna know.   I click the link and see the transactions, but I don't see any comments or any story.  What am I missing to see the "story" in that transaction?  Pardon my ignorance.