@_author: buddyguybruh
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:21:35
Interesting points, I agree on some and disagree on others.
Here is my take;
1) It is objectively easier to use bitcoin than email. All you need is an address and the amount you want to send, 2 parameters. The email usually needs 3 (address, subject and the message). As for easy to understand, I guess technology behind it is pretty complicated, but I bet you have no clue how email works either.
2) Point of bitcoin is for you to be your own bank and you have the responsibility of keeping it secure. Put your stuff on a trezor or ledger for the majority of your wealth (cold hardware storage) and for daily transactions use a web wallet or phone wallet with a small amount (savings and chequing account analogy). You are not scared of losing your money in your bank account because US, for now. Banks and governments are not as corrupt to those levels where they will run off with your money...just yet. But this is not the case for a LOT of people around the world, examples like Zimbabwe, Venezuela, anywhere in Balkans during hyperinflation where banks literally overnight just picked up and left with peoples pensions funds, etc. Banks are way less secure than the bitcoin protocol. It is WAAAAAAAY easier to hack into any bank than try to hack the bitcoin network (boreder line impossible). Just the apps being developed like the wallets have two-factor authentication meanwhile my bank has a password that can be easily obtained via keylogger and maybe a security question that is laughably easy to guess (mothers maiden name, pets name etc).
3) In this current state, I agree it is expensive for everyday transactions like buying coffee. Now, (not being a shill) Bitcoin Cash has solved this problem temporarily and its transactions fees are negligible and quick. Now I do not think that this a good solution for scaling, I do think LN is the way to go but I digress. Here is the thing, in its CURRENT state, we can do a comparison. Let's do a wire transfer from the US to Japan in $1000. Let's see which one gets there faster and cheaper (less paid in fees). You can use your bank of choice and I will use bitcoin. If this is a business account that you are sending to in Japan, you will most likely have to go to your bank's branch to do a wire transfer and pay at around $30 in fees, it will take at least 3-5 business days + any additional fees from the receiver bank. For large transactions, cross-border transactions, bitcoin is superior to any bank TODAY. Try moving 100k into and out of Philippians, it is a paperwork nightmare don't get me started on the fees. For bitcoin, give me an address and it will be there within the hour.
4) Each to their own but the grand goal is to not be a millionaire in dollars standard. The point here is to see it make it to the level where you WON'T be selling your bitcoin for dollars but using it to buy things with your bitcoin. 
5.) I agree on the first part, it is as safe as investing in an internet company/startup during the dot-com era. This is a new space and new tech. I don't think there are any doubts that the blockchain technology will stay, the question is which implementations will survive long term and for that, you have to do your own research (if you are investing). However, with that being said, IF bitcoin would come to the level of replacing the dollar, it would be an amazing store of value since its limited supply and its mimic of supply being generated to that of gold or other precious metals on top of it being divisible to any decimal point via an upgrade to the network if needed. You can know with certainty how much bitcoin will be in 20 years to the last decimal point since it works purely on mathematics. The dollar does not have that luxury. Inflation was following a 2% rate roughly for the past years but there is no guarantee that it will NOT rise. If anything, showing the incompetence of the government, rating agencies and banks in the 08 crash if anything shows that the dollar will hyperinflate in the coming years just purely on looking at the new money being introduced into the system in the last few years. With bitcoin, you will never have more than 21million and the "inflation" rate is known with certainty.  
6) Bitcoin is new, the market cap is small, and it is volatile as heck because of the big players trying to make money by influencing the markets. As more people jump in, volatility will die down too and stabilize as time goes on. Fun fact you could buy a brand new Mustang in 1965 for under $3000. 
Bitcoin price is soaring because more money is being put into it and it is used as money more today than years ago. It has a market cap in dollars of almost .3 trillion in dollars equivalent. It has a long way to go to catch up to US dollars and thus the price will go up with respect to dollars.
Transaction fees will be lowered as time goes on either with upgrades to the system or new cryptos what will solve the problems of fees entirely. Mining power consumption can be solved from going from Proof of Work (it cost roughly $1000 US dollars to create one bitcoin, giving it some intrinsic value in computational energy and power spent, how much does it cost to create one dollar bill? ) with Proof of Stake. Not commenting on the benefits of either or I am just pointing out that there is a solution already to the mining issue of power consumption and I am sure that new solutions will pop up that are vastly superior as time goes on. For validation times, potentially billions of transactions per second and transaction times check out LN, some other cryptos that have a cool solution to tps check out IOTA (not commenting if i think if iota is better by any stretch of imagination just point out that there are solutions in place for tps problems already). As for wallet protection, trezor is more secure than your bank account. It is not until you set up one that you realize just how insecure your bank account is. Banks will get on board using cryptos, or they will perish.
I do not want the whole world tomorrow to be on the blockchain and be using it as a currency. That would be madness. We are not ready yet, it takes time. Rome was not built in a day. The amount of progress made here is astonishing and in you bet in 10 years time I will like to see a portion of the world to move towards it. 
This is like criticising internet back in 1990s. You could NOT even imagine what it would come out of it and what is possible back then. THere was no way to predict youtube, facebook, amazon etc. These type of projects would have been called impossible back then with the internet speeds and infrastructure supporting it. Is it really so hard to see from the past progress we have made in the blockchain technology space with bitcoin and other prominent cryptos to see that these problems today plaguing it are solvable and have an untapped potential in the future? I love hearing opposing views and you SHOULD be sceptical of it. This is what makes the entire network stronger. Attack it, critique it and point out as many flaws. This is the power of open source projects that are decentralized. It is up to all of us to make it into the monetary system we want it to be to replace the inefficient and outdated one we have today that in salves people in debt. In Bitcoin, you don't owe anyone anything and nobody owes you anything. You don't need permission from anybody. 
TLDR: This is a new technology that still has ways to go but the points you have adressed are solvable. Rome was not build in one day and neither will bitcoin. It is great that you are crtiquing the system and i encourage everyone to attack it and do the same. This is what makes it stronger and it is up to all of us to make it into the monetary system that we want it to be. THat is the power of decentrilize open source projects and networks like bitcoin.
Thank you and have a wonderful day!
@_date: 2018-02-01 10:07:17
Wonder why this is getting downvoted?
@_date: 2018-02-01 09:22:49
To start off I am hodling BOTH Bitcoin Core and Bitcoin Cash in the same amount.
I see benefits in both the second layer solutions like LN and I see the benefits of increasing block size and trying to scale everything on the main chain.
I also see that both proposed solutions have their share of problems.
I am still on the fence between the two solutions and am I enjoying reading and understanding the code and hardware involved with both solutions.
My concern with the current proposed solution by the bitcoin cash camp is that it gets harder and harder for users to run full nodes. Having larger blocks gets harder and harder for us to keep the ledger stored due to storage space and BANDWITH which I feel is a bigger problem than storage due to ISPs limitations. This would lead to centralization of nodes by people running specialized hardware (in terms of storage) and larger bandwidth.
What are your opinions on full nodes and bigger blocks making it harder for users to run them?
I am curious to learn about your opinions and learn something new!
@_date: 2018-02-01 22:14:48
If I run a full node and detect a double spend I can report that to the community. If such a double spend was the result of miner collusion/foul play, then the network would loose its value/trust. Thus this potential to verify maintains that it would be in no miner's interest to act maliciously.
Don't trust, verify.﻿
@_date: 2018-02-01 21:12:59
$50.00+tax for start unlimited bandwith and 25mbps 
$33.60 (with tax) for telus 300gig bandwith and 25mbps
@_date: 2018-02-01 09:13:10
From Andreas: "The role that full nodes play in security of the network. People focus a lot on mining, which has a fundamental role in the network but is not necessarily the most interesting feature of the constellation of technologies involved. The Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) is the most essential protocol underlying the world's routing system, and you use it every single day without knowing it, just as you are oblivious to the vast filtration system allowing you to drink clean water from a fountain. A node is a computer that is participating the global peer-to-peer Bitcoin network. They propagate transactions and blocks everywhere. Full nodes act independently as authoritative verifiers. Onion routing. Double-spending protection. Levels of isolation for untrustworthy nodes. Why would you run one? To be in control of your money - your keys, your money. You don't trust anyone else to tell you what the truth is, you cross-check every claim yourself. Be part of the revolution in money."
@_date: 2018-02-01 20:42:40
Literally double the price from what i am paying from telus for unlimited bandwidth...hmmm
I'll have to think about it but I think I,ll pass on that one hahah
@_date: 2018-02-01 22:34:15


Quite so. However, if we trust without the ability to validate/verify transactions we are building a dependency on a third party. Without the option user-level verification, we have centralised actors who run the network.
The core tenants of bitcoin are that it should be a trust-less, decentralised, and permission-less network. Verification is key to the network being trust-less; mining (appending of verified transactions to the UTXO in a hash-linked data structure governed by the prevailing rate of difficulty) adds to the immutable record, securing/including individual transactions in that record.
@_date: 2018-02-01 22:13:39
Idk I was a student a while back and they just let me keep it for years now. So I called start, they wouldn't match it even tough i sent em an email of my telus invoice as proof :(
@_date: 2018-02-02 07:54:58
I do not understand. 
It be good to see some bugs that you guys found out so we can play around with them.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:29:05


I do not think that is correct if a mining full node starts to be frodulent in the rules set out by the majority of the full nodes (say there are 10 full nodes and only 1 mining node). If the mining node starts to be fraudulent and not follow the rules it will not be accepted by the other full nodes. More so it will isolate the mining full node since the full nodes will not communicate with it since the blocks being mined by the node are not following the rules. The other 9 nodes will not be able to add any new blocks but they will isolate the mining node. If you had two mining nodes, one fraudulent and one not, say a 75% fraudulent and 25% legit, the 9 nodes will reject the fraudulent node for not following the rules.
@_date: 2018-02-01 10:04:19
Close, Canada ahaha only 300Gigs of Bandwith for my plan for telus and that is with a discount!  :(