@_author: budlightguy
@_date: 2018-01-17 20:13:46
Ya know, I sympathize... I do.  That being said...  
  
Cryptocurrency cannot, and will not, have its continued success assured until it stops being a speculative vehicle first and an actual currency dead. fucking. last.  
Yes, anecdotally, there are a few places that accept bitcoin or other altcoins.  But they are few and far between, and some of those are stopping because of the volatility.  
Can I pay my mortgage/rent with BTC? No.  
Can I pay my utilities with BTC? No.  
Can I go to Kroger/Safeway/IGA/Publix/Walmart/etc and buy groceries or other stuff with BTC? No.  
What can I do with BTC? Well... I can buy it.  I can trade it for other coins I also can't do any of the above with, and I can sell it.  If I get lucky I can buy it at $x.xx and sell it for $x.xx+n.  In other words, I can speculate with it.  I can, in some online marketplaces, trade it for goods from some other private individual (who only wants it on the speculative basis that it will rise in value from what it is today.  If he wants $100 for his widget, he'll charge me $100 worth of BTC hoping that he'll be able to sell that for $200 or more later).  
As long as BTC is in the hands of greed and speculators, volatility will continue to be too high for most retailers and other businesses to adopt it.  Too much risk.  
If a retailer pays $1000 for their widget and takes BTC for it, then BTC falls in price, they either lose money or they have to hold the BTC and hope for it to recover.  This hampers cash flow, and cash flow is one key need for the successful operation of a business.  
  
For bitcoin to ever achieve widespread adoption enough to absolutely ensure it will continue to succeed, speculation has to die down and the price has to stabilize.  That means nobody is going to be making a fortune on BTC anymore.  Considering that is directly going against the best interests of the speculators, who make up the VAST majority of BTC holders, that presents one hell of a problem and conflict of interest to overcome.
@_date: 2013-06-11 05:37:53
I think Dwolla may be having issues.
I was trying to use Dwolla -&gt; Bitinstant and getting errors.  It would come back saying Bitinstant received data from Dwolla, then immediately afterwards Dwolla pin failure - despite the fact that I could login to Dwolla and change my pin successfully so I know I was putting the correct pin in.
Tried before and after the pin change, tried with multiple browsers.