@_author: budunb1
@_date: 2017-02-26 23:18:48
ushing for big blocks for small transaction fees is short term thinking, and it is short-sighted and will not lead to anywhere good for Bitcoin. Low-fee use cases have to be priced out because the worldwide demand for blockchain space is simply larger than what blockchains (as a technology) can provide.
If we don't cap blocksizes, the blockchain history data will fill a 4TB hard drive before the end of 2023, and 8mb blocks+SW would entirely exhaust the U.S. nationwide Comcast bandwidth cap(1TB) every month - even with a bare minimum amount of peers. Also of note, a full node with default settings today consumes 1.5+ TB a month of bandwidth, well above ISP Bandwidth caps by itself.
This chart I made estimates the resource consumption of the various blocksize proposals out there:  (Bandwidth calculated as 600 byte transaction size, 8 peers / 16 relays per tx, 65%/yr tx growth, same estimates used as above)
There's no limit to this growth, either. Math: 426 billion non-cash transactions worldwide in 2015 = 4.8 GB blocks = 250 terabytes of storage every year($8,000 in just hard drives) = 2 Gbit/s bandwidth(1/5th of a typical whole datacenter 10G fiber feed, $33,000 a month in data charges using EC2 pricing). All of that is just to run a single node. At current growth rates we'd reach that in 14-17 years and we exhaust the largest current proposals(8gb +SW) within 5 years. Worldwide tx growth(+8-10%/y) is not far behind bandwidth(-8% to -18%/y) and hard drive(-14%/y) price decreases, and our tx growth(65%-80%/y) is vastly exceeding both, so technological improvements won't save us from our own growth.
@_date: 2017-02-26 23:18:50
    On that topic, though, the one thing about Bitcoin that seems really crazy to me is the idea that every transaction, whether it's a real estate sale or a $1 wallet reorganization, has to be kept track of forever by everyone participating in the system at the node level. Even if bandwidth and storage were unlimited, it just seems wasteful.
It's incredibly wasteful.
It is also the only thing we've got for the time being and immediately foreseeable future.
I would push harder for a solution for that (which, I believe, may be solvable) but it isn't even the first limit we hit... Bandwidth usage on nodes is the first limit we hit, and I don't believe that one is solvable without compromising security and decentralization. :/
    Well, I wasn't trying to start yet another block size argument, I was mostly pondering why neither of the major scaling approaches seems to be very popular with miners,
Sorry for jumping the gun then, so many people here are. I'm trying to change the dialog by getting people to see how bad the math works out for us. Once the dialog changes (away from the "OMG THE FEES!") then real discussions about the scaling plan can happen.
@_date: 2017-02-26 23:19:42
The post mentions "evil" bankers yet in the same sentence he thinks btc loans are the next big thing. I find that "illuminating" lol
Also illuminating is you get downvotes for even mentioning the problem of interest. Kinda proves to me that this sub is not what it used to be and the average mindset of its users has changed for the worse. Used to be that btc was the solution to the shit show banks/governments had made of the currency system, btc would be made by the people, for the people. Not a fucking toy for high risk speculation in manipulated markets by soulless traders chasing big $$ profits. (Backed up by the plebs who have somehow been convinced being a hodlers ( or bag holder) is a great idea) wtf happened bitcoin ?
Remember the days when we talked about a bitcoin economy? When we celebrated a business using bitcoin as a payment option ? What happened ?? Nowadays it's "bitcoin not for coffee" , don't spend it just buy some and watch its value move , if it goes up post a picture of a roller coaster and rejoice that IF you sold for fiat you would be so much $$$ richer. If it goes down post a picture of a rollercoaster and rejoice that you are a holder and not going to sell anyway :-(
Take a look at bitcoin beginners, I remember when that sub used to be full of new posts from new people, sure it still a active sub but it's slowdown suggests to me less and less new people are getting onboard. This sub also, so many subscribers but why are the posts so often from accounts under 6 months old ? Are the older more long term bitcoin people getting the feeling bitcoin is running out of steam ? Or that it's not lived up to its potential? Or that it became big enough and profitable enough to have been slowly and stelthily taken over by the very people who are responsible for fucking up the world economy ?? High risk, high stake investment bankers/gamblers ?.
@_date: 2017-02-26 23:19:26
I get that part of the premise of the idea is to replace banks, but I don't see value in replacing banks with something that's worse. P2P doesn't automatically mean good, especially since the attraction of P2P is to cut out the middleman and reduce cost while the app does the opposite.
As a borrower, I can get an interest rate right now of 7% for an unsecured loan, but I have good credit. With bad credit, I could get a loan at 17% which still beats the pants of CF. As a homeowner, I can do even better and get a loan for just 3%. While I might be willing to pay a little more to avoid an evil corporation, 200-800% more is completely beyond the realm of possibility. With the idea of the app being that you can find trustworthy people to lend to, they need to target the low end of the spectrum at 3-7% in order to have any appeal outside the world of idealists. I haven't even convinced a single person to BUY bitcoin, let alone pay several hundred percent extra back to avoid banks. I guarantee that if I asked every single person I knew, they'd laugh in my face. The vast majority of people don't have a significant enough problem with banks to even consider something like this even if the rates where competitive.
As a lender, my goals are to make profit and minimize risk. CF's rate of 25% is attractive, but then they keep 40% of that so I'll net just 15% - but only if the loan is paid back. CF does nothing to reduce the risk, but instead makes it more risky as I need to recover CF's portion of the profits as well. The idea is that their part of the transaction is in vetting the borrowers through a web of trust, but these are my friends, so the app can't tell me anything I don't already know. But this is all irrelevant because I'd never load to friends and family for profit anyway, let alone 25%.
And what is CF's role this whole time? Nothing. They don't help you find borrowers or lenders, it's your own friends. They don't help resolve disputes. The don't help reduce risk. They literally do nothing except create a fancy interface and take 60% of your profits.
This is WORSE than our centralized system. CF rakes in 10% of every loan while providing negligible value. Banks provide value - they take on the risk and lend at a reasonable rate. I could just lend to my friends directly and never touch this app.
Let alone that it's ludicrous to go in bitcoin debt right now because the value could rise 10-fold in a year.
@_date: 2017-02-26 23:19:49
Amir is still on the unsystem mailing list sometimes. He's no longer interested in Bitcoin stuff, got involved in Rojava and other political stuff afaik.
It's interesting to me that a lot of the old anarchist element in Bitcoin got kind of disillusioned with it. Those that are still interested in it have often moved on to various altcoins because they don't like the governance. To me it's a lot of fantasising - money cannot be about democracy or any kind of governance model, money is fundamentally about the fact that social governance fails at scale (see: Dunbar number). If you try to throw a "governance model" onto *coin it will just devolve into what we already have with fiat money, eventually. It will get coopted.
Personally I've always thought all that anarchism, anarcho-* stuff is just games. Nothing will change in global society from that. Bitcoin (and maybe other p2p technology more broadly) is much more likely to make an actual change in society by striking at the root - the control of the printing press, to put it crudely. But even that could be quite a fantasy too, unless Bitcoin manages to get strong enough, unmalleable enough, at its base layer.
@_date: 2017-02-26 23:19:09
Then SegWit transactions will take a while to get confirmed (until minority SegWit miner mines it). Non-segwit nodes/miners see it as a valid but "non-standard" transaction which means they don't voluntarily mine or relay it. But once the tx is mined by a segwit miner everything is fine.
However there is an attack vector against segwit transactions. Miners could modify their clients to allow "stealing" from segwit transactions. Non-segwit nodes would see the stealing as valid while segwit nodes see as invalid. If more mining power modifies their clients to "pro-stealing" than segwit mining power, then the pro-stealing chain eventually takes over and segwit nodes might fork off the main chain. So that is why it is important to only activate segwit when a large majority of hashpower accepts it.