@_author: bukco13
@_date: 2015-07-03 09:09:31
As much as we'd all like to believe that liberals really have all of our best interests at heart, that they truly mean well, the fact is it's all politics. They manipulate their 50% of the message as much as the other guys. 
Also from [Wikipedia](


Basically then, the debt-ceiling is a device to force restraint in spending. So in the context of our home example, it's like refusing to issue the household another credit card. 
The part that seems to be confusing you is this:


So you're right, not extending the available credit to the family or not raising the debt ceiling does not directly make them change their spending habits. By not increasing the credit available to the spending-addicted household however, there is the hope that it will force them to adjust their spending. Also keep in mind that this was in the midst of democrats having not put up a budget for a vote and republicans not passing a budget since 2009 (4 years by the 2013 fiscal cliff showdown). The debt ceiling was a law, a legislative act, and totally separate from the budget. The argument was about forcing the other side's hand to get a favorable budget passed (something that was happening at the same time). 
To further point that this wasn't partisan brainwashing, here's a direct quote from Obama in 2006 when Bush wanted to raise the debt ceiling:


@_date: 2015-07-04 04:17:12
Again, the debt ceiling and budget proposals are two separate things. So while a debt ceiling increase was being delayed, proposals for balanced budgets, decreased spending, etc. were also being floated. You do not need to raise the debt ceiling to avoid default. 


Also because of the debt ceiling debate in 2013 the Sequester went into effect, i.e. budget cuts across the board that also included cuts to defense.


This isn't about pride. Get over yourself. I wasn't saying that that line contradicted what you were saying, I said it may have been confusing you. The debt ceiling legislation is separate from budget proposals. You CANNOT have them together. The key phrase in that quote was "the debt ceiling **does not directly** limit government deficits." The goal was to force congress to pass and the president to sign a budget that would attempt to decrease spending, i.e. *indirectly* limit the defecits. This is the purpose of having a debt ceiling in the first place and having to vote on increasing it. You can have a debate about whether or not we should have one at all, and there are serious arguments on both sides of that discussion, but that's not what we're talking about. 
The republicans ultimately lost the political battle in the end and so as a result became, as you said, more complicit in increased spending. (Although many in congress and otherwise were happy with the budget results of sequestration. The president who introduced the idea did not expect republicans to be ok with the cuts to defense and he tried to call their bluff).
Both sides were playing politics equally and the democrats won by convincing people that the Republicans didn't actually care about the well-being of the country or decreasing the deficit but that they were just "playing politics". To my mind though, it seems like a stupid fight politically and hard case to make and indeed it was.
@_date: 2015-07-03 07:29:58


This was part of the argument made at the time. 


No, the poster is putting the debt into perspective. Basically the debt ceiling debate was like the family that just bought the boat asking for another credit card and saying "no we really really promise this time that we'll use this to pay off my cards" when everyone knows they were actually really eyeing a new car. So do we take the family at their word since we know that the debt does actually need to be paid off or cut them off from getting even more credit until they prove they know how to handle it (btw, this is basically what's going on with Greece right now too)
@_date: 2015-07-03 06:53:39
Tell that to Greece, Zimbabwe, et al. 
Your point about just paying off the interest has an equivalent in the household example (made by a poster above): the household keeps its head above water by paying off the minimum monthly fee. They keep on doing this until the bank won't continue extending the line of credit (i.e. the market won't keep buying the government bonds anymore). 
What happens when the interest payments take up the entire budget? What happens when interest goes back above an effective rate of zero? 
It would be one thing if we were using the current relative cheapness of debt to finance our existing debt while simultaneously getting our house in order so that when debt starts to get more expensive again we're in a better position to handle it (you know, like the way a normal household or business would do), but we're not so the idea of financing debt with more cheap debt is moot. 
@_date: 2015-04-15 01:18:15
Care to elaborate or does the advice end at snide remarks? 
@_date: 2015-04-15 01:45:20
Did you even read my post/question or did it make you feel good to just say something negative?
I never said there were or weren't success stories, I was asking for ways that our community could help reward him, at least in the short run. I also never said it was used in local businesses, in fact I specifically said there were none around here. I know for me personally if there was a coffee shop nearby that accepted BTC (there is one in Beijing but it's far across town), I would prefer to go to that one as it is more convenient for me to hold Bitcoin given that I'm an expat that lives in China and does freelance work making money in USD and RMB. Keeping money in BTC allows me to stay much more liquid than I previously could be. 
Your comment was completely unproductive. If there are success stories in getting Bitcoin accepted, my question was about what strategies were used in situations like those, i.e. how can I get local businesses to accept bitcoin. If not a single local business in the entire world has seen any success, then maybe as a community we should discuss how to change that.
@_date: 2015-03-25 08:30:33
Totally agree. Just went through a similar process myself! I'd been following along with the news for about a year, particularly with the huge price spike last year. Had "buy a bitcoin" on my to do list for months. Then on a recent holiday I literally spent the better part of two days just reading up on how it worked, making sure to really understand it before jumping in. A few days later I bought my first few thousand bits. I had also just happened to finish reading a book about the dangers of central banks and fiat currency in general, the Fed in particular. The author mentioned throughout the book how precious metal was, though imperfect, the best solution available. I couldn't help thinking though each time gold was mentioned how crypto currencies resolved the problems of both precious metals and fiat. (Book was "The Creature from Jekyll Island" for those that are interested)
What really sold me though (aside from the technical and academic appeal of the idea) was when I bought my first $50 worth of bits. I actually did so with Chinese RMB since I live and work in China. The potential for bitcoin became pretty clear when I was able to exchange RMB for bitcoin, transfer to my coinbase wallet, and then sell for USD all in less than an hour. Considering that this could take as much as 2-3 weeks using traditional wire transfers and fees could be up to 4-5%, this was pretty remarkable. Plus, because of the relative volatility I ended up making almost a dollar on that transfer!
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:13:13
Great news! Using CoinScout I could only find one cafe all the way in WDK that took Bitcoin (I'm in Dongcheng, so not super convenient). 10% off on contacts is not bad, especially considering how expensive they can get here (and dubious in quality).
@_date: 2015-03-27 01:28:19
So looks like the issue was just a simple version compatibility problem. 
Thanks for the extra info though regarding the offline wallet. It occurs to me that the nomenclature might be a little misleading. The offline wallet seems like it's really just acting as the second signature in a 2-2 multisig setup. Also feels like having the full wallet software setup when you really just need something with the private key to verify/sign transactions is a little overkill. Anyway, I understand it's all free software so I can't complain. It was misleading for someone new to Bitcoin like myself. Actually spent quite a bit of time trying to search for how to send money to my offline wallet. Either way, happy to have my cold storage working :)
Here's 1000 bits for the help! @_date: 2015-03-27 06:16:46
Yeah definitely one of those things that makes you want to pull your hair out for a couple hours but then once I got it setup it was incredibly gratifying. Made me just want to go out and frivolously spend bitcoin from my electrum! 
The advantage of getting in early, even though there is a steeper learning curve, is that I'm definitely getting a much better understanding of how everything works. 
So many possibilities still with Bitcoin and related platforms like Electrum. Excited to see where it all goes from here. 
@_date: 2015-03-26 01:27:56
Yeah, I actually found it pretty quick and easy to buy BTC here. BTCChina seems like a pretty well developed and mature platform. You have to verify your id with them, but after that they act as a sort of intermediary between buyers and sellers of vouchers.
@_date: 2015-03-27 01:21:00
And we have a winner! Thanks very much. Sometimes it's just the simplest thing. I had downloaded via the Ubuntu software manager but (go figure) that was out of date. downloaded via terminal and signed my transaction. 
Thanks again for the help, let me buy you a beer @_date: 2015-03-27 03:01:59
Yeah, I just meant that it seems like a similar function in that you need a second "party" (even if that second party is still me just on a different device) to verify transactions before they can be completed. Obviously in terms of the tech and verifications it's different, but process from the user point of view seems almost identical: use a wallet to send money &gt; go to a second device/wallet to verify transaction &gt; transaction completed. Of course, in 2-2 multisig both signatories are online so it can be a little smoother, but the logic seems similar.
I guess just conceptually the nomenclature was a bit confusing. When I first was reading up on setting up the cold wallet with a corresponding watch-only wallet, I envisioned two wallets that mirrored each other but one didn't touch the internet (and the offline one would get all the transaction history of the online one every time it signed new transactions). When I had electrum set up on the offline machine, this idea was reinforced since there were all of these tabs and fields that I imagined would fill up as the wallet got used. I realize now though that they'll just stay empty. 
It reminds me of the way they do official business in China. No contract or agreement is official, no matter how many signatures or thumbprints are on a sheet of paper, until it's been stamped by the company chop with red ink. The offline wallet is like the chop, tucked away safely in a locked drawer. 
@_date: 2015-03-25 09:41:22
Hopefully we'll get there some day... one bitcoin evangelist at a time!
@_date: 2015-03-25 08:34:53
Used this as a template to submit the same request!
@_date: 2015-03-25 09:01:09
For sure, and then once we no longer even have to transfer it back to another currency we're really making progress! (unfortunately there is almost nowhere in Beijing that currently accepts bitcoin so using bitcoin as a transfer medium, and speculation, is where it has the most utility for me)
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:10:03
Thanks jmaller! My first change tip :)
@_date: 2015-03-25 10:06:43
Haha, shoot, no I didn't. I saw that and was going to, but forgot once I had logged in and found the contact form. That's what I get for reading at work!