@_author: bulgik
@_date: 2017-02-05 22:13:59
I hate to break it to me the US internet is run by oligarchies. I do about 180GB per day just for my node with a data cap of 400GB. All that for $100 per month. I could upgrade to a business cap but that's $200 per month. So hearing miners talking about cheap storage is half the story. We have to pay for internet too. And I'd hate to say what datacenter is ever going to do what we do without getting paid for it. I forgot the universities and businesses will. That's a pipe dream. Those cost will be passed on to the consumer. Then the notion of miners telling me what blocksize they want me to bear. That's a pipe dream too. If anything developers should allow nodes to vote on the blocksize or dynamically changing it at that. Sure miners make revenue and spend lots of money on miners to do that. But that is a risk they take. My risk is what a pay for an internet connection and how much data I have to pay for. My system is setup to be expanded but at the way things are going it doesn't sound reasonable for blocks to be 4MB at my current cost structure. That's 3 bitcoins a year at the current Btc price. And it appears the only ones in our camp is the core developers. Sure my node setup is good for maybe 10 years worth of data at 4MB but over the course of 10 years that's about $40k. That's a nice car. It shames me that people think a payment layer or a settlement layer is even a talking point. To me it's just data that I have to store for a long time. And being told by people who spend millions for mining that oh storage is cheap I've got a bridge to nowhere to sell them. BU and flex transactions was always a non starter for me. I want full control of my data usage. I don't want some mine operator anywhere in the world to tell me how much data I have to pay for so they can make money. And I'm not the one who falls for saying miners secure the Blockchain. We secure the Blockchain by being redundant. That is the crowd source decentralized built in security. It's called redundancy. I have to agree with 50 other nodes. Who have to agree with x amount of nodes. We need to change the conversation of this blocksize debate. It's not about mining. It's about nodes. Move the coffee and drug sales off chain and off my node. 
@_date: 2017-02-05 22:13:48
A solution that allowed nodes to be financially incentivized for their valuable contributions to the network.
I run a node on a machine that I control in my house. I do it because I benefit from the Bitcoin network everyday and use it for lots of payments. I pay fees to thank the miners for securing it, and I don't mind.
tbh, if you have huge companies closing multi-million dollar deals on the blockchain next to someone buying coffee, eventually the person buying coffee is going to be priced out of the market. Which is why I think Bitcoin Payment Layer* (BPL) tech will be instrumental to allowing coffees and "huge deals" to coexist just as we allow a lease for a dinky apartment and a contract for a land title of billions of dollars to coexist in the judicial system by having two parties sign a contract and only bring it to court when something goes wrong.
* BPL is what I call Lightning Network.
@_date: 2017-02-05 22:13:28
My guess is that the number 2.1 from the SegWit Misinformation FAQ stems from a quotation error. They never explained how they got the number, though. I guess the source said something that the factor 1.6 is outdated and with p2sh multisig addresses the factor is up to 2.1 and the number of p2sh multisigs increased recently (to 28 % as the graphic shows and then back to 20%). But, of course, the multisig fraction never reached 100%, which would be required to get 2.1.
As long as nobody finds a flaw in my spreadsheet, I conclude that the current factor is around 1.85 (+/- 0.05), provided everyone updates to BIP-142 addresses or whatever standard will be accepted for segwit addresses.
@_date: 2017-02-05 22:13:10
I wish I had the money to invest back then. I was more worried how I would get enough gas for my car. Spending money on something with intangible benefits would have been hard to justify.
What I did have was a decant GPU. So I started mining. Then when I had enough coins, I bought a better OpenCL GPU to mine more. Right when FPGA and ASIC mining started to become a thing, I sold my gpu for about cost.
And I've been a holder ever since.
@_date: 2017-02-05 22:13:18
FT could do a great many things. Unfortunately FT is written by a single contrarian for the sole reason of 'doing it another way'(read the discussions on the mailing list). You will be told "it uses tag format like html!" any developer will just shrug at that... so what? It supposedly does everything SW does but better because it requires a hard fork of the protocol.
Literally no one devoting time to Bitcoin development has shown any interest in FT. It remains a buggy, untested, Ver financed PR stunt to attempt to legitimize the "HFs at all cost and as often as possible" crowd. Because without a single miner pouring millions into BU (and threatening to attack the remaining Bitcoin network with 100million USD worth of asics) and FT what would rbtc have to rage about? Certainly not their 200 aws hosted nodes which make up &lt;5% of the network of full nodes.