@_author: bumbum2140
@_date: 2014-06-14 15:52:02
Tell you what, as a miner I don't care... as long as I can make ROI and get those returns.
In any case, Ghash has no economic incentive to destroy their bread and butter, no more than you or OP hacking off their hands and not being able to find any work/job to do then.
@_date: 2014-06-14 15:53:24
I think the greedy bitcoin dev selling his bitcoin has done more damage than any purported damage from Ghash for being a good pool. Tells you who the real greedy scum is here
@_date: 2014-06-14 15:42:32
So totally worth it... Many benefits:
1.	If the price of BTC stays relatively low, it keeps noobs from buying mining equipment and thus keeps difficulty increments at a manageable 10-15% jumps. More ROI for us, baby
2.	No fees at Ghash.io ... so very unlike your BTCGuild which makes nickles and dimes off you
3.	By having the price low, it gets us a chance to cheaply accumulate before the greater fools jump in later at higher prices.
4.	Yeah sure, choose small pools, so you can suck at finding blocks! Mining at a small pool is the same as using a usb miner to try to find a block.
5.	Just the general feeling of satisfaction pissing off butthurts like you 
I love Ghash.io ... never had any issues with them. All my 10 antminers are pointed at them and I'm getting another 5 soon to point there as well.
Like the vast majority of miners (almost 50% of us in terms of hashing power), I like predictability of my payouts and Ghash.io gives me that and if that screws pansies like you with your over inflated utopian notion of imposing your will on us miners, so be it. If you want to do something about, stop being just a tool/dildo for the pedophile bitcoin foundation and the man (Gavin), go buy more antminers and point them to some lousy pool and lose money in power and opportunity cost... that's fine by me. Your loss in my gain. But who are you fancy pants to come here and bash 50% of the miners who love to mine at Ghash and will continue to do so regardless of what you say.