@_author: bumoil
@_date: 2014-11-10 12:26:11
Why would prices change? The money supply was unaltered. All that graph shows is the federal reserve purchasing a couple trillion of securities (t-bills and mortgage-backed) which is a swap. In essence they increased banks liquidity in exchange for equity (this is called expanding the monetary base). They did this so banks would have the necessary reserves to provide credit and continue repairing the economy.
1) Reserves don't fly out the door. Banks don't lend out reserves, they make loans based on the reserves they have and the reserve ratio.
2) Credit **is** incredibly cheap right now, hence why so many people are refinancing their mortgages. Interest rates remain low in an effort to encourage banks to make loans. However, banks are still largely sitting on their reserves and not making a lot of loans because they're uncertain how the economy is going to look in the short-term. This is why since 08 the fed has began charging interest on excess reserves in an effort to spur private lending. 
This all takes time but private lending is increasing compared to the height of the financial crisis and unemployment continues to fall which will increase demand for credit. There's still a ways to go but the federal reserve is doing a great job of handling the crisis and getting the economy back on track.
@_date: 2014-12-26 14:54:17
Couldn't be more wrong. The only reason Ebay works is because Paypal is able to reverse transactions. Ebay/Paypal sides with the buyer 99% of the time, it's almost impossible to get scammed on Ebay unless you're a moron. Feedback/reputation is literally worthless. It's trivial to fake transactions and ratings. Look at all the sellers on silkroad that had hundreds of positive ratings and subsequently disappeared with everyone's money. Look at all the astroturfed ratings on Yelp or any other online service. Look at how IMDB ratings are gamed and essentially worthless. The idea that a reputation system will protect buyers in a totally anonymous and irreversible transaction is the ultimate libertarian delusion.
@_date: 2014-11-10 15:17:50
Can't tell if nutbar factor 6, or just Poe's law. I hope for your sake it's the latter.
@_date: 2014-11-02 11:55:55
There is no difference between cash and electronic money. A dollar is a dollar whether its paper or electronic. If an institution didn't honor an electronic dollar, they wouldn't honor a paper dollar either (because they are the same thing). If what you are saying is true than something would cost less if you paid in cash, than if you were to write a check or pay with a debit card, and that's obviously not the case.
It is true that our monetary system is debt (trust) based. and there is counter-party risk, but not for holding dollars. There is risk in holding the debt which is usually purchased in the form of bonds. To account for this risk bond holders are paid interest. However, because confidence in the US economy is very high and the risk is seen as near zero, the interest rate on government bonds is very low.
We do need to use debt as money because the alternative is using a commodity as money (think gold, or bitcoin). Commodities don't make good money because they are too volatile and restrictive. Having your currency pegged to how much shiny metal you can dig out of the ground causes all sorts of problems. Using something like bitcoin as money takes it a step further and then you have a truly fixed money supply. If more money cannot be created, then money must be deflated to account for the increased production of an economy. A deflationary currency encourages people to stop spending which inhibits growth. Worse it makes the real value of credit much more expensive and puts massive risk on the borrower. Imagine someone taking a 5% loan out only to have a massive boom in the economy. As production increases prices and wages decrease to account for the increased wealth. Your 5% interest rate may turn into a real value interest rate of 30% and then borrows default en masse and the economy tanks.
@_date: 2014-11-08 04:30:07
Because bitcoins aren't anonymous? When the defense funds are presented as a retainer a lawyer will do due diligence and make sure they didn't come from criminal activity. No lawyer is going to blindly accept $250k (which is what the Ulbricht family is trying to raise) without looking very hard at where that money came from.
@_date: 2014-11-26 01:54:06
How is that better than assuming they don't have access to Western Union? You're not basing that statement on any sort of factual reality, you're just trying to spread misinformation because it supports your world view.
[In the US alone 28.3% of the population does not have a bank account]( That number skyrockets to 90%+ in some underdeveloped countries. For comparison, [there are over 370,000 WU agent locations in over 200 countries]( (Warning PDF). There's a reason why WU has been the de facto standard for remittance services, even though bank wires are significantly cheaper and quicker. It's because the majority of people who need remittance don't have access to a bank account.
@_date: 2014-12-26 04:55:27
Except that's completely irrelevant, just because the addresses that we know are most likely his haven't shown activity doesn't mean he doesn't control other addresses that are active. There are a number of addresses from very early in bitcoin's life that have large amounts of coins in them and have activity recorded on the blockchain. It's literally impossible to tell if they belong to Satoshi or one of the other early participants in the experiment. Like I said, anyone who is smart enough to create bitcoin is smart enough to not move any of the coins from their known addresses, as it would destroy confidence in the project. It's impossible to say whether Satoshi actively participates in the experiment, or if he has made any money from his holdings.
@_date: 2014-11-15 13:07:00
He used the right word, I simply provided a synonym because you were interpreting the one he used incorrectly.


@_date: 2014-11-02 11:33:38
Neither the economy nor the money supply (M2) increased fourfold in the past five years. The chart you linked to shows the increase of assets of the federal reserve which increased almost threefold (from 800 billion to 3 trillion). The huge gray area starting in 08' is from the federal reserve buying roughly 1.5 trillion in mortgage backed securities and roughly another 1.5 trillion in treasury securities (the red section).
These asset purchases represent only part of the money supply which increased from 6.3 trillion in 2005 to 11.5 trillion in 2014. The remainder of the increase of money supply comes from money created through fractional reserve lending from commercial banks. So while the federal reserve increased the amount of money it was adding to the money supply by threefold, it did not increase the money supply (M2) by threefold.
@_date: 2014-11-14 20:29:27
You're interpreting the word control in the absolute sense, which is wrong. In this context it means influences and the fed influences the money supply by adjusting the monetary base (MB), federal funds rate, and the reserve ratio. Please read up on open market operation (OMO) before you further embarrass yourself.
@_date: 2014-11-02 03:56:05
That's not what I said at all. I said money has to be created because as a society we are creating wealth and all money is, is a representation of wealth (which can be tangible like food or cars, or can be intangible like knowledge or technology). If the banks create less money than the wealth that has been created, then you experience deflation because each unit of money represents a greater percentage of wealth. If more money is created than wealth has been created, then you experience inflation. Finding the balance between the two  is the whole point of monetary policy.
1) The money supply hasn't increased fourfold in the last 5 years. Please provide a source. US's M2 was roughly 8.2 trillion at the beginning of 2009. Currently it is 11.5 trillion. That means in the past 5 years the money supply has expanded by about 40% so it hasn't even increase onefold. [Source](
2) Yes you would expect the money supply to grow more rapidly than in the past. Technology and information builds off itself and grows almost exponentially. Technology increases productivity and creates immense amounts of wealth. The growth of the money supply (and in theory wealth) from 1985 to 1995 was about 50%. Then comes the golden age of personal computing and technology dramatically improves the lives of everyone. From 1995 to 2005 the money supply increases by almost 86%.
3) You're confusing the topic of money/wealth creation which is a fundamental aspect of economics with deficit spending which is a tool to enact monetary policy. The money supply has expanded so quickly in the last 5 years in part because real wealth is being created and in part because a variety of monetary policies are being enacted such as deficit spending to combat the recession and keep the economy from stalling.
@_date: 2014-11-02 07:12:39
I'll ignore her baseless appeals to emotion (government &amp; banks enslaving the people, Jesus talk, etc) and try to focus on her misunderstandings of how the economy works.
1) At 2:21 she claims until 1970 Canada's public debt was held at a stable, manageable level. It's true up until the 70's Canada's debt was much smaller than it is today, but so was their GDP. In 1962 Canada's debt was  15 billion, and in 1971 it was 20 billion. Fast forward to 1981 and the debt is 92 billion and in 2008 it is 458 billion. So just looking at the debt by itself you would think Canada is spiraling out of control and is doomed. However, you have to look at the debt in relation to the total economic output of Canada (GDP). So while in 1962 the debt was a measly 15 billion, the GDP was only 45 billion (debt as a % of GDP would be 33%). In contrast in 1981 Canada's GDP was 360 billion (debt as a % of GDP would be 25%). So while the debt ballooned to 6 times the amount it was in 1962, the debt as a percentage of GDP actually fell quite a bit (from 33% to 25%). Looking at 2008, the debt has exploded to 458 billion or 30 times more than the debt in 1962, but the GDP has grown almost as much to an impressive 1.5 trillion (31% debt to GDP) up from the 15 billion of 1962. Canada's debt-to-GDP has bounced up and down over the decades but on average has been in the 30%-40% range. So while Canada has a lot more raw debt than it used to, it also makes a lot more money than it used to. [Source](
2) After that she begins talking about 'real money' and 'debt money' and talks about making money out of thin air. Essentially what she is describing is fractional reserve banking. She says that they just click a key and they don't actually have the money in their vaults. There is no difference between this 'real money' (cash) and 'debt money' (electronic money), it's all real money. And of course they don't have it in their vaults because only a small fraction of the money that exists is in the form of cash. That's because we don't need 100% of the money in cash. It would be incredibly expensive and wasteful to store and protect trillions of dollars in cash. Its much easier to have it exist digitally and protect a group of servers that this data resides on. Additionally its much easier and efficient to move money around digitally than to truck around all that cash.
3) Fractional reserve banking is what allows our economy to grow so smoothly and its sort of hard to explain. The first thing you need to understand is the difference between money and wealth. Wealth is something that improves our quality of lives and it can be tangible or intangible. Food for instance is wealth. We can eat it, and we need it to live. Knowledge is wealth, it can be used to create or improve things in our lives. Knowledge of farming methods for instance can improve our output of food, and even though we can't touch that knowledge (it's intangible) we would all agree that it is 'worth' something to us. Money on the other hand is just a tool. Money is a token that represents the wealth in our society. It allows us to universally exchange our wealth for other types of wealth. I can sell my apples for money, and then use that money to buy a car for instance. This is different than a barter economy. You can see the benefits of this because the person making the cars probably doesn't want or need 50,000 apples, and it would be a pain in the ass to trade our apples to get things the car maker might want.
Fractional reserve banking is how we increase the money supply and allows us to create more wealth. Lets say Bob deposits $100 in the bank. The bank then sets aside a fraction of that money (lets say 10%) and is free to loan (read: create) the remaining 90%. So the bank loans out $90 and that person in turn deposits it with another bank, or the same bank and they again have to set aside 10% and from that $90 deposit can loan out $81. This can continue until eventually the amount you can loan from a deposit approaches $0. So from that initial $100 deposit we now have $100 + $90 + $81 = $271 in the system. You may be asking why is this useful? and isn't the money worth less now since we have more of it, but no extra wealth which is what it represents. Well, that would be true if the people who borrowed the money did nothing with it. But we all know banks will not give just anyone loans. They look at what the borrower is capable of and considers the risk that they will be able to create wealth and pay back their loan. Here's an example of how creating money can be used to create more wealth (and thus grow the economy).
We have a farmer who has $1000 and grows 1000 apples a year. He deposits his $1000 in the bank and a worker who has no money but wants to build an irrigation system for the farmer gets a $900 loan from the bank (remember, the bank has to keep a fraction of the initial deposit on hand in-case the farmer needs some of it). So the worker takes the $900 and builds the irrigation system which doubles the output of the farmer who is now growing 2000 apples a year. We now have $1900 in the system and have 2000 apples (wealth). So you can see how creating money allows us to create wealth. If the bank wasn't able to 'create' that $900 to loan the worker, he would have never been able to create the irrigation system and the farmer wouldn't be able to produce as much wealth as he does now. Furthermore, in the beginning we had $1000 and 1000 apples ($1 buys 1 apple). Now we have even more money $1900 and even more wealth/apples ($1 buys 1.05 apples). So our money has gotten stronger, it buys more. This is called deflation. If however, the bank makes bad loans, and the borrower doesn't create at least as much wealth as that money represents, then the money will be worth less than it was (this is called inflation). Say the irrigation system sucked and the farmer only grows 1500 apples. Now we have $1900 and 1500 apples ($1 buys .79 apples). Now you can see why debt is useful, and why its important for banks to be able to create money. You can also see why its important for banks to be smart about who they lend that money too.
4) The last thing I'll touch on is she says the government borrows money from the federal reserve and is therefore somehow 'enslaved' by them. While the federal reserve has the right to print money, loan it out, and collect interest on those loans, it doesn't  somehow have power over the government because of that. Strictly speaking the federal reserve doesn't make a profit. It loans out the money it creates and collects the repayment and interest on those loans. It then pays its expenses with that money (healthcare, employees wages, taxes, etc) and any left over profit is turned over to the government (the treasury). The government then can do what it wishes with that money depending on their monetary policy. If they think inflation is a problem (too much money for how much wealth exists) they might simply destroy it thus curbing inflation and strengthening the money that still exists. The government and federal reserve use lots of different tools to balance this equilibrium of money and wealth. They can increase taxes to pull more money out of the system, or if they think the economy needs more money to grow they can lower interest rates which encourages banks to borrow and lend more liberally.
Edit) No money supply can't increase via deflation. The money supply can only increase by creating more money. Remember that money is meaningless, we can make as much of it as we want, whenever we want. It's simply a token representing wealth. Unlike money, we can't create as much wealth as we want whenever we want. If we create less money than wealth, then our money represents more wealth than it did, so it is stronger, and thus deflation occurs. Everything I've said above is just a very very basic explanation of how it all works. The system as a whole is very complex. Yes the price of the plants may decrease with the increase of supply but we've still created wealth that didn't exist before and therefore need more money to account for its existence. If however, there was little or no demand for the plants then no real wealth was created (no one wants it, its not useful). If banks created/loaned money to increase production of something no one wants then we increased the money supply and didn't create any wealth (inflation). That's why its important for banks to lend money carefully. The whole system relies on borrowers using the money to do something useful (create wealth). If for instance someone borrows money to build cars with square wheels, no one will buy them, and he won't be able to repay his loan and then bad things happen. We create money in the present so people have the opportunity to create wealth in the future. If those people squander that money and the wealth never materializes, then we have a problem. And that's why banking is the most heavily regulated industry on earth.
Sorry for this being so incredibly long, I'm not the best at explaining things efficiently. If you're really interested in how this all works I would suggest you check out Khan Academy on youtube. They have some great videos explaining fractional reserve banking and that's really the key to beginning to understand how our whole economy works. [Here is a good video that explains it and goes into a little more detail on how it all works.](
@_date: 2014-12-26 04:59:09
You really don't think that says anything about bitcoin if the person who created it, and one would think is the ultimate believer in it, sold off all his bitcoin? In the real world, shareholders lose their shit when CEOs and founders liquidate double digit percentages of their companies. If they sold 100% of their holdings it would be incredibly relevant.
@_date: 2014-11-10 14:23:34
Productivity only increases in the presence of a healthy economy. An integral part of a healthy economy is a stable currency. Money is wholly independent of production, it's simply a means to account for and exchange wealth (which is why using gold is fucking dumb). Inflation is a fundamental characteristic of a monetary system that can expand with growing production.
If that's so and you actually have any evidence for those statements, then please send over your models and dissertation and I'll get it ready for publication. Oh wait, your opinions are completely based on fantasy and not on any sort of empirical evidence. Why would you waste your time on the Nobel prize? You are aware it comes with $1.2 million cash prize. I bet that's a lot more than any amount of bitcoins you'll ever own.
@_date: 2014-12-26 14:56:39
Nothing? I'm pretty sure offering a near universal platform that buyers can effortlessly and confidently use to transfer funds is a pretty big deal. Do you think Ebay sellers would get 1/10th of their sales if users had to mail out checks, money orders or use some shady card processor. Then you have to factor in all the fraud protection also. Seems like a pretty reasonable thing to pay $29 for every $1000 you make for such a service.
@_date: 2014-11-02 09:55:23
1) It would, but our economic system is one of trust and the reality is except for a select few extreme situations, bank runs don't happen. Because people have faith in the US economy and we have shown time and time again we can continue to increase production and innovate. Our banking system also has a variety of safeguards built in to stop bank runs. (they can borrow from the federal reserve, or other banks who have reserves in excess of their requirement - usually due in 24 hours).
In the US the reserve ratio depends on how how much the net transactions of the bank are. For banks with transactions under 12 million there is no reserve requirement. For 12m - 80m it is 3% and for those with transactions over 80m its 10%. The video I linked to at the end explains what I think you would be interested in during the last third. Namely why people don't rush to pull all their money out if the bank doesn't have it all on hand. Part of the reason is because they've agreed not to touch a portion of that money for a certain amount of time (usually by buying bonds) and in exchange they receive interest which means they get a share of the newly created wealth that their deposit/loans helped create.
2) The security and redundancies in the system are infinitely higher than that of something like ebay. For all intents and purposes it would be impossible. The worst that could happen would maybe be a bank employee committing some sort of fraud which would inevitably be caught by the numerous audits and paper trails.
2b) Not sure what you're asking, I think 'monopatín' is a typo?
@_date: 2014-11-09 00:27:15
So you don't solve OP's problem then? If you take a percentage of his wage to convert it to bitcoin it's still more expensive to go wage&gt;bitwage&gt;adafruit opposed to debit&gt;adafruit.
@_date: 2014-11-14 22:07:01
No, it means a bank can loan out 100% of a deposit as long as there is less than $13.3 million in deposits, not that it can make loans at an infinite percentage of deposits.
@_date: 2014-11-02 09:11:05
It's not necessary to print money when an economy (wealth) grows. And you're right if the money supply stays the same while wealth continues to grow then prices will fall. However doing this would increase the volatility of the money and one of the three key objectives for the federal reserve is stable prices. Having highly volatile money is very bad. You don't want to spend your dollar now, only to find out it is worth much more a year later. Likewise you don't want to save your dollar for next year, only to find out its worth significantly less. This is why not only strong inflation, but strong deflation kills economies. It's also why very few people are using bitcoin as money, its too volatile.
What you're proposing is a fixed money supply or a deflationary currency. Among many other problems with that is people will hoard their money. Why would someone spend their money now, if they knew it was going to be worth significantly more next year. The real value of credit goes through the roof, and people stop spending. This in turn causes production to slow since no one is buying. People are laid off en masse and the economy grinds to a halt. While there are nominal required purchases that you can't delay such as food or gasoline. Larger non essential goods such as houses, cars, etc will be delayed which hurts production and thus the economy as a whole. 
The real problem with a deflationary currency is that the real cost of debt is uncontrollable. Imagine taking out a loan at 5% only for the economy to enter a massive boom. Production sky rockets and so prices plummet (and thus wages plummet too) and now the real value of your 5% loan is 50%.
@_date: 2014-11-14 22:43:12
No of course credit card companies (card associations such as Visa and MasterCard) don't have reserve requirements. Card associations also aren't banks and don't make loans or issue credit cards. They're simply custodians of their respective payment networks and act as arbiters between acquiring banks and issuing banks. Issuing banks (the ones extending the line of credit and making the loans) obviously do abide by reserve requirements and all the other regulations levied on lending.
@_date: 2014-11-10 14:05:10
You have no idea what you're talking about, and you're really trying to tell me I'm wrong with a fucking excerpt from **Zeitgeist**? Oy vey. What the fuck do you think an asset swap with the federal reserve is if not a loan to itself?
When the Fed makes loans or buys assets, it creates both an asset on its balance sheet (loans and securities) and a deposit liability (reserves). For example, since June 2007 the combined magnitude of Fed direct lending programs and asset purchases (other than Treasuries) added about $1.3 trillion to Fed assets. When the Fed made the loans and paid for the assets it purchased, it credited banks’ reserve accounts (i.e. created a Fed liability).


Leave it to to attempt to correct someone and get it wrong. Not to mention their source is a conspiracy-laden bullshit documentary. Please go over to and use clips from Loose Change to try and prove jet-fuel can't weaken steel to the point of failure.
@_date: 2014-11-10 13:09:48
Sorry but a fixed supply (deflationary) currency is a terrible idea. There is a reason the world ditched the gold standard and it's because pegging your money supply to how much shiny metal you can claw from the earth is a stupid idea. It's by definition incredibly volatile and therefore unhealthy for economies.
Inflation isn't a bad thing, its a fundamental part of what allows economies to function and grow. The libertarians who go on and on about inflation stealing their money are retarded and either have no idea how economics works or are terrible at managing their money (which is their fault, not a fault of the economic system). I have a number of coworkers who are libertarian but they don't bitch about inflation because they are actual economists who work in the financial industry and know it doesn't affect them.
Don't want to lose purchasing power? Then don't sit on large amounts of currency like a dingus. If you are completely risk averse you can buy things like TIPS ([treasury inflation protected securities]( which are pegged to the CPI and guarantee you don't lose any value via inflation at 0-risk. Want to know a little secret though? No one fucking wants TIPS because inflation isn't a problem. Inflation has been very low for 3 decades now and just about every other sane form of investment drastically outperforms TIPS and thus inflation.
I love seeing people on this sub constantly advocating for a deflationary currency because I can automatically tell who has no idea what they're talking about. If you had any evidence that it's a good idea you would earn a Nobel prize. It's an idea that has little to no support in modern economic science. So either you are talking out your ass or you're willfully passing up a Nobel prize, which is it? If by some extraordinary chance you have been able to come to conclusions that the best minds in academia haven't, then I would be more than happy to help you get them published. All I ask is co-authorship because I would love to have a Nobel.
Source: Have my masters in economics and work at a major financial institution that according to some bitcoiners around here would probably qualify me as some sort of illuminati lizard-man.
@_date: 2014-11-02 04:09:27
I'm not sure I understand what you're asking. Lots of theories are proposed all the time. Look at things like The Quarterly Journal of Economics or American Economic Review. Both are great journals that are filled with solid economic science. Theories are often introduced in publications like these and peer reviewed and picked apart by some of the greatest minds in the field. Those that hold up to scrutiny are then passed to the government through policy advisers and implemented.
Lots of theories are implemented, obviously less theories are implemented than have seen the light of day/proposed because not all theories turn out to be good ones. The economic landscape of the US has changed drastically over the last 100 years precisely because new theories have been created and implemented. For instance the US used to run on the gold standard, then economist realized it was a terrible idea and switched to fiat/fractional reserve banking because it allowed for more precise control over the economy and greatly improved the overall health of the economy.
@_date: 2014-11-16 06:37:27
You literally have it backwards. Inflation makes it easier to pay off debts. During times of inflation the lender takes real value losses and the borrower receives real value gains. Inflation happens when the money supply grows faster than production which causes prices and wages to rise (although not always proportionally).
In a deflationary system lenders take real value gains and borrowers take real value losses. Since deflation increases the strength of a currency prices and wages fall which increases the real price of credit. This is a major reason why deflationary currencies don't work, because credit becomes nearly impossible to secure and those who borrow money take losses if the economy grows. So assuming someone borrows money to do something useful like start a business of get an education, they will be working against their own interests if their actions strengthen the economy.
This is Econ 101 stuff, I seriously can't believe people in this sub are still getting this stuff wrong.
@_date: 2014-11-02 00:26:02
[What? That's exactly what bubbles do.]( I'm not saying it is or isn't a bubble, or that bitcoin is or isn't going to $0; but the fact you don't know this illustrates how naive you are.
@_date: 2014-11-16 15:58:34
That's not how loans work. You can't just change the interest terms after the loan as been finalized. The only situation where an example like that is even remotely applicable is with ARMs which are pretty uncommon in the US now after the housing bubble. Plus with ARMs its a lot more complicated than simply inflation = increased interest rates. Most arms have annualized caps or maximum caps over the lifetime of the loan; again, which is agreed upon before the loan is finalized and cannot be changed.
Here's how it actually works in a simplified example:
Total money supply = $10,000
Weekly wage = $100
Cost of widgets = $15
Now I take out a loan for $500, with an APY of 50% with a agreement I'll pay off the loan in 1 year ($750). During that year there is runaway inflation and the money supply triples while the economy stays the same. Now we're looking at a situation like:
Total money supply = $30,000
Weekly wage = $300
Cost of widgets = $45
Now you see that the loan would have taken me 7.5 weeks to pay off in the pre-inflation economy, whereas it will only take me 2.5 weeks after inflation. Furthermore, the lender took a real value loss as the principle + interest is worth less than the original principle. The borrower, assuming he spent the money before inflation took place, received a real value gain as he was able to buy twice as many widgets with the loan, than the amount he paid backed.
@_date: 2014-11-20 23:58:04
Opportunity cost doesn't mean your time has to be monetized for it to have a cost, I don't think you understand the concept at all frankly. I'm not going to spend hours of my life signing up for services and setting up deals through localbitcoins to save $2-$3 in fees, just like you probably wouldn't walk all the way across a parking lot to pick up a penny you saw someone drop. Not wasting those hours has nothing to do with if I think I could make more money in that time period doing something else. It's precisely because I value my time to watch movies or zone out, much more than saving a couple bucks in fees. But by all means continue to fail to understand what I was saying and mischaracterize my argument in order to 'call me out'.
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:25:55
Opinions? lol no. More like decades of hard scientific analysis with many mathematical models that support their theories. This video is probably one of the most cringe worthy things I've seen on this sub. It's painfully obvious she is just regurgitating something someone wrote for her.
Like others have said, if anyone other than a 12 year old made this speech they would be laughed off stage. She parrots the same tired arguments you see from people who don't understand economics. (hurrr big bad banks just make money out of thin air and it doesn't exist). Yeah, no shit banks create money out of thin air. The money supply has to expand to account for the very real wealth that is being created. If more money didn't come into the system there would be massive deflation since wealth is still being created. All money is, is a representation of wealth that allows us to complete universal transactions. If I teach 5 farmers a better system of crop rotation, the money supply needs to expand because I've added real wealth to the system and it needs to be accounted for. These are economics 101 concepts and there are still people out there who can't seem to grasp them or the basic concepts of fractional reserve banking.
This speech reminds me of all the believers of austrian economics who  criticize theories based on mathematical models they don't even understand. This isn't 1930, economics has come a **long** ways and is a real science.
@_date: 2014-11-04 12:56:20
No, they are a couple of trust fund babies who have never done anything noteworthy. They created a really shitty website that just so happened to have inspired a really good website, and then sued the owners of the really good website and were paid a settlement so they would go away.
I can't for the life of me figure out why any of the people here are expecting something good from them. Especially since their previous ventures in technology were garbage. Sounds like they were pretty good rowers though, they probably should have stuck to that.
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:50:54
Wtf are you even talking about? Bitcoin didn't hit $35 until March of 2013. Sorry I can't even take you seriously if you can't get basic facts right. [Also just using your eyes and looking at the price chart for longer than 5 seconds could prove to you that currently a dead cat bounce is a very real possibility.]( Sharp increase, followed by a steep decline, finally a short term upwards correction and then ongoing (and possibly indefinite) decline. [Again, I'm not saying if it is or isn't, just that it is a indisputable fact that the graph currently mirrors that of a dead cat bounce.](
@_date: 2014-11-20 22:40:38
Except WU takes a grand total of 2 minutes to complete the transaction. Why would anyone waste all that time to sign up for Circle, buy coins, send to recipient (10+ minutes alone for this step, and a fee if you don't want the tx to take forever), sell on localbitcoins which takes god knows how long. [Opportunity cost]( is a real thing, so unless you're unemployed and your time is completely worthless to you, then you're paying a **way** higher fee going the bitcoin route compared to WU. Not to mention you could just sign up for a Paypal account and send the money under the personal gift option, pay 0 fees and have it be instant.
@_date: 2014-11-16 17:26:34
It's not an ad hominem, it was a serious question. Also nice edit, for those of you who missed it [**this**]( was his source that I'm wrong. That's right, thinks that floating rate loan disbursement isn't marginal in the US, because get this... 60% of total loans on book in **New Zealand** in 2012 are floating rate. It's because you say shit like that dude that I ask if you're retarded.
Edit: [Here's some data from Freddie Mac showing just how few ARMS there really are in the US]( Can't find updated numbers for 2012/2013 but it was around 10% if I remember right.
@_date: 2014-12-26 00:16:36
Not saying he has/is/will sell off coins but it's incredibly naive and intellectually dishonest to say it can't happen or hasn't happened already. The truth is no one knows what addresses belong to him. It's safe to assume the address that contains a horde of coins, many from the first blocks ever mined belong to him, but that's all we know. There's tons of active addresses that mined coins within the first few years, some of them contain small fortunes. It's very possible some of these addresses belong to him and he's been selling coins along the way the whole time. In fact, if someone wanted run a con, this is exactly how they would do it. Mine the first coins to an address that is never touched that shows how confident and altruistic you are in the project. Then mine more coins to more addresses later when you have plausible deniability to their ownership and sell them to late adopters.
@_date: 2014-12-26 00:09:05
It's actually the opposite. If you have a dozen countries all running their own currencies then you're looking at 12 different vectors of attack. Since currencies are exchangeable, if one currency is compromised, all the currencies readily exchangeable (such as in Europe) are compromised. Having everyone on the Euro allows the resources put into security to be pooled creating a more secure note. 40 years ago much of the counterfeiting that was going on in Europe would target smaller countries who didn't have the resources to secure their notes like the European powerhouses could.
@_date: 2014-11-20 23:31:40
He hasn't answered any issues, what are you talking about? He gave same vague answers and claimed he was boarding a plane and then never responded (classic MO of a scammer). The reality is it would take less than a day to post a nearly complete and transparent overview of the organizations financials. Post all the addresses he received donations through (this literally takes 10 minutes, why is he refusing such a simple request?). Then post the receipts from whatever exchange he sold the bitcoins on (again this takes 10 minutes max) and lastly compile a statement from all the purchases of supplies. It's not like he even had to save all the receipts and take pictures of them manually, he can just contact his bank and request the purchase history on whatever card/account he used. This whole process could probably be done in 6 hours, and no more than 24. There is literally no reason he can't do this unless he is embezzling funds. Then add to this the fact he has been directly involved in no less than 3 scams in the last 10 years, and he admitted to committing insurance fraud on the RV and it's pretty obvious what's going on here.
[Here]( is one of the first scams he ran where he flat out stole thousands of dollars from a lot of people. I work in the financial industry doing M&amp;A. Part of my job is to perform forensic accounting, to look for irregularities or fraud, and to asses the flow of capital through an organization. I have contacted Jason multiple times with proof of my credentials offering to compile a comprehensive report that he can provide his supporters for **free**. I also offered to do all the legwork in filing his 501c3 paperwork, again at no cost. His continued reluctance to accept is pretty clear to me that he is misappropriating funds.
@_date: 2014-11-22 22:36:31
If it's such a bad deal then why don't you send the money yourself? Oh wait, it's almost like there is massive overhead in sending money thousands of miles away that can be picked up immediately, from hundreds of locations in the form of cash.
@_date: 2014-11-16 17:11:31
Are you retarded?


I literally brought up floating rate loans in my post directly after that statement, can you not read? Also floating rates are not common at all, especially after the collapse of the housing bubble. Not to mention floating rates aren't infinite they're still capped, and often times fixed for a period of the loan. The vast majority of loans that are disbursed in the US are fixed rate.
@_date: 2014-11-08 03:07:24
Wrong, cash retainers absolutely can be seized if they have reason to be believe they are ill-gotten. Furthermore most lawyers will not accept cash retainers anymore period. You also can't transfer money to someone close to you and have them pay the lawyer, they will do due diligence. [Here is a good article explaining the evolution of fee forfeiture. In essence it's impossible to set up a retainer with criminal funds.](
@_date: 2014-11-16 17:10:17
And in 99.9% of all periods of inflation, depression did not occur, so what's your point? Economists don't claim that a small amount of deflation causes depression, just like small amounts of inflation don't either. They argue that small amounts of inflation is preferable to small amounts of deflation, and that runaway inflation is much easier to remedy than runaway deflation.
Sorry but you're 100% wrong about the Spanish empire, it is one of the better studied empires by economists. The general consensus is that Spain did a number of things which caused the empire to become unstable and eventually dissolve.
1) The aristocrats were seeing a lot of silver and gold come back from the new world, and decided it would be a good idea to invest the majority of their wealth into these operations to get even more silver and gold. The problem being they completely ignored growing domestic infrastructure and human capital which caused a number of recessions as they were overwhelmed with silver but had no local production.
2) Spain decided to fight endless costly wars all throughout Europe and the new world.  This is the time period you reference where the majority of the debasement occurred. Most of the economic literature I've read concerning this time period is an agreement that debasement did not contribute in any meaningful way to inflation. If Spain would have used their increased money supply to grow their production or build infrastructure they would have been pretty prosperous. Instead the chose to waste their new-found spending power on costly wars which led to extreme inflation and a breakdown of the local economy. It's these wars that are almost universally cited as the main cause of the Habsburgs' decline.
3) Because Spain wasted so much of their wealth fighting wars they were in a tight spot economically and politically. The Habsburgs were in the midst of a credit crisis and were having a tough time financing domestic projects and expeditions abroad. People they could once borrow from were turning them away because of political instability. In addition to this, the Habsburgs made many mistakes managing their accounts which led to a number of defaulted loans and eventual bankruptcy.
4) With a declining economy Spain found it hard to retain power over their colonies which by this time had become the majority of their income (the aristocrats saw manual labor as dishonorable and instead invested in imports). They found themselves fighting refitted Dutch and French fleets which caused them to lose power over many of their most profitable trade routes and ultimately give up a lot of their territories. It was all of these events coinciding with debasing their currency which caused inflation and economic problems.
No obviously they don't but all loans have risk and default is always a possibility, that's not even the point I made which you've seemed to miss entirely. Why would a rational actor enter into an agreement where he is working against his own interests. The reality is in a deflationary system huge risk is shifted from institutional banks onto the backs of the borrower. If you take a loan with a fixed interest rate you know exactly what the maximum real value interest rate is going to be in an inflationary system. If you take a loan at a fixed rate in a deflationary system you have no idea what the maximum real value interest rate will be, unless you can magically predict how much production will grow. This is how **everyone** who gets an appreciable loan thinks. In fact, it's **literally** the loan officers job to go over these types of things with you and make sure you understand them. The fact you don't know this pretty much destroys what little credibility you had left. Perhaps you should get off your computer and go into this "reality" you speak of so you can find out how it works.
@_date: 2014-10-30 19:22:20
Usually if you don't have a verified account (connected you your bank) you'll have to submit a government issued ID and a bill with proof of address. I think some people who rarely use Paypal or only have the occasional small transaction can get away without having to submit them but don't quote me on that.
@_date: 2014-11-02 21:39:47
I don't want bitcoin to be inflationary, or rather I don't really care if it is or isn't since I don't own or plan to own any.  In my opinion fixed supply currencies fundamentally cannot work for a variety of reasons. If bitcoin is going to be useful it fill be as a commodity/payment network.
Also that's the point of inflation, to punish the saver. People hoarding their currency and not investing it or spending it is bad for the economy. It slows production down. Having currency under your mattress helps no one, it needs to be circulating through the economy. If you're really worried about inflation it's not hard to find CD's and bonds that keep up with inflation. Deflationary currencies drastically increase the real cost of credit which is important in a healthy society (unless you're of the fuck you I got mine mindset).
@_date: 2014-11-10 15:11:33
And what's happening to the dollar? Please don't respond with "Since its inception it has lost 97% of its purchasing power". [Here is a good article that explains why that's such a flawed/irrelevant statement.](
A lot of people here might think a deflationary currency isn't so bad, or as you say isn't so bad compared to what we have now (again I'm not so sure what's so wrong with the dollar), but that's probably because they don't understand economics very well (which is totally ok, I'd say the average person has little to no understanding of how their country's monetary system works) or have had the intricacies of deflationary currencies misrepresented to them. There are serious issues with how deflationary currencies function. One of the main issues is it's inability to produce safe and affordable credit. Imagine you take out a 3% loan and shortly after the economy enters a huge boom. Wealth increases and since the money supply is fixed, the value of each unit increases dramatically (deflation). To account for deflation prices drop significantly, and so do wages. So now the real interest rate of your 3% loan is something like 30%. Defaults skyrocket and the economy grinds to a halt. Then there's the problem that deflationary currencies encourage hoarding which is bad for growth. Why make purchases (that you can reasonably delay) now, when you know for a fact your money will be worth more in the future. Consumers will slow down spending, and means of production may not be able to continue to operate long enough for consumers to decide they would rather make a purchase than increase their purchasing power more. The result is higher bankruptcy rates and a stagnated economy.
Look, I'm not here to shit on people. Everyone's entitled to their opinions, even though I don't agree with many of them. I've been following bitcoin since early 2010 and think it's a novel technology, even though I don't think it makes for a good currency and don't plan to own any. I think it might make a good payment network or be a precursor to some other future technologies that are useful. I kick around this sub to stay up to date with it, and because a lot of posts here are so outlandish they are genuinely funny to me. Also if I can give the reasonable people of this sub a different point of view or keep someone from taking extreme risks/losing a ton of money they can't afford to, that's nice too.
@_date: 2014-11-10 11:58:19
Because 99% of the people in this sub have no idea how monetary policy and economics in general works. The last graph simply shows the expansion of the monetary base (which a lot of people here seem to be confusing with the money supply) provided by the federal reserve. They purchased securities from banks (in this case mostly mortgage backed securities and t-bills) in order to increase their liquidity. Now that these banks hold large amounts of excess reserves they're better able to provide credit to consumers. The problem is simply expanding the monetary base doesn't incentivize banks to make loans, it simply provides them with the liquidity to do so. Combine that with the fact that the federal funds interest rate is so low, banks are just sitting on reserves because it is cheap for them to do so and they aren't confident in the current and near future state of the economy to be making a lot of loans. So the solution to this problem and what the federal reserve has been doing since 08 is begin charging interest on excess reserves (at a rate of .25% which will probably go up as the economy continues to improve). This discourages banks from sitting on large amounts of reserves and encourages them to make more loans to consumers or other banks that would like to provide credit but lack the liquidity. 
In short expanding the monetary base has little correlation to inflation, as it simply increases liquidity of institutions at the cost of equity. The only way this has an effect on inflation is if the banks utilize their increased reserves to make a shit ton of risky loans which increases the money supply. We can clearly see this is not happening (not that we would expect it anyways, as it would be a good way for a bank to drive itself into the ground), in fact we face the exact opposite problem. Banks are still afraid to issue credit, even though it is cheap.
@_date: 2014-10-30 16:11:24
Yes. If your Paypal account is connected to your bank account or debit card they will automatically pull the funds from your bank (you give them permission to do this in their ToS). If you don't have a verified account then it will simply list your Paypal balance as negative, and if you don't pay them it will go to collections and your credit score will shit the bed.
@_date: 2014-11-20 23:47:29
This whole thread is about sending ~$50, did you not read the OP? Even if that wasn't what the discussion was about, WU is considered one of the worst options for sending large amounts of money internationally. So comparing bitcoin to one of the worst options is setting the bar pretty low. HSBC offers international wire transfers for a flat $30 fee with a transfer limit of $350,000 and it's guaranteed same day (whereas setting up a localbitcoins deal will probably take you as long or longer).
@_date: 2015-01-31 20:01:05


Yes, for which you were paid $100,000. So again I ask, why do you feel entitled to have more than $100,000 in purchasing power in the future if you've already been compensated for the work you have done? That's a big reason why a deflationary system is stupid. People are already paid for the work they do, then in the future as that currency strengthens due to deflation, they gain value for doing literally nothing (beyond what they have already been compensated to do).


If everyone buried their money in the backyard the entire economy would stagnate as investment dropped dramatically and prices would rise. Again, simply holding wealth and doing nothing with it is not beneficial for society, it will not make prices go down. There is a reason why the Austrian model is considered a fringe science. 


What? Actively building and producing goods or enabling someone to have a job is not participating in the economy? Because that's exactly what consuming and investing does. Buying a house contributes to the employment of hundreds of individuals, everyone from loggers to mill men to truckers to contractors to real estate agents. Money exchanging hands and circulating has profound effects on an economy, in fact commerce is sort of the cornerstone of economics if you didn't know.


And how are they going to utilize resources they don't own? Oh yeah, that's a real problem with your make believe society isn't it? But lets just stick our head in the sand and pretend burying our money in the ground is going to improve society more than lending it to someone so he can acquire the resources to build factories. [I mean, it's not like it's a well researched area of economics or anything. We should just let our money/fields/factories sit and do nothing because that will contribute to a healthier society than actively using them.](
@_date: 2015-01-30 21:30:56
They declare the value of a trezor as $20 on customs forms for international orders. They claim that it's legal because the trezor "only costs $20" and the other $110 you pay is for the software and ongoing support. The problem is that this isn't true nor how declared values work, at all. It would only be legal if they sold the **exact** same hardware for $20, but you can't buy an identical trezor for $20 without the software. They even admit they will sell you a trezor for $20, but it will have its memory locked so you can't flash it with the firmware (so it's useless essentially). A trezor with locked memory, is not in the eyes of the law, identical to what they sell sans the software. Therefore the way they fill customs forms is illegal.
I'm very familiar with the requirements of customs forms, and what they're doing would be legal only if they sold trezors sans software **with unlocked memory**. What they are doing is 100% illegal. They deal with so little volume that the chances of this being spotted is relatively low, and the justification is that many other merchants use the same tricks (which is true), but that doesn't make it legal or right. This is a company with 0 morals. Taking this into account, along with how they tried to backdate the license, I would trust this company about as far as I could throw them. You would be a fool to not see the signs.
@_date: 2015-01-31 18:42:23
Inflation is important because it encourages people to participate in the economy and society at large. You can amass wealth and have a "fuck you I got mine attitude" but you will be taxed by society through inflation. If you take that wealth and invest it back into society then you will lose nothing to inflation, and often times grow it significantly. If people think inflation and taxes are theft, then deflation is grand larceny. By definition it allows people who currently hold wealth to profit and steal from those doing work by sitting on their ass and doing nothing. If you work for 5 years and save $100,000 then do not contribute at all to society afterwards, why do you feel entitled to reap the benefits of the economies growth in the future for doing nothing?


Uhhh no. The only people who will lose purchasing power to inflation are those who are so retarded they hold their long-term savings in cash. If they're that foolish they will lose their money to something else long before inflation made a noticeable difference. Any adult with half a brain and a few dollars does not hold large amounts of cash in savings accounts or under their mattress. You can purchase multiple different risk-free investments that are pegged to inflation meaning you are **guaranteed** to not lose any purchasing power. One of these vehicles is called [Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS)]( The fact people who cry about inflation don't know about these things, or choose to ignore them, is why no one can take them seriously. Completely ignorant about the financial system at large but act like experts and rally around things like gold and long out-dated economic theories (Austrian, Real Business Cycle, etc).
@_date: 2015-01-31 20:40:57


Except there is no risk, TIPS are backed by the US government meaning the only risk is the US government dissolves, at which point it's not going to matter where you stored your money because shit is going to be post-apocalyptic.


You've either never heard of it or are willfully ignoring it because otherwise you wouldn't make the false argument that people lose value to inflation. If you are a responsible adult inflation is not a factor in your finances whatsoever. Being negligent in how you manage your money is not inflation's fault, it's yours. Also how is an extremely common government bond, that just about everyone in the country who has a savings account has heard of, that is **designed specifically to counter-act inflation** far removed from a discussion about inflation? You have to be joking.


Yes, but I don't see what your problem with this is. You do realize TIPS pay interest right? Even after taxes you will have equal or higher purchasing power compared to the purchasing power you put in. And if that's still a problem for some illogical reason, then you can put TIPS in something like a Roth IRA and they won't be taxed at all.
Nothing you've said is any different than the long discredit ramblings of dated Austrian economists. You can claim inflation is bad and that deflation is just, and moral, and all that is good in the world, but it doesn't make it so. New Keynesian economics has built the world you see before you, it is supported by discrete, verifiable data and models. It's backed by thousands upon thousands of hours of peer review by educated practicing economists the world over. Austrian economics biggest supporters are internet know it alls and phonies like Mike Maloney trying to sell gold to gullible people.
@_date: 2016-01-16 18:26:40
So explain to me why someone would pay you $3,189 for a silver 'web design' package when your own site is just a WordPress theme you bought called [mobius]( Not to mention your WordPress installation isn't even configured correctly. Why should anyone trust a developer who didn't even make their own site, to build them one?
lol @ a 'developer' who can't even install WordPress correctly charging $18,089 for 120 hours of development. This community really does attract nothing but scammers.
@_date: 2014-12-19 11:35:18
Open bazaar will never have 1/10th the traffic Ebay has, 100% of all people who own bitcoin could use open bazaar and it still would never come close to Ebay's traffic. And when you're talking about distribution channels, traffic is 95% of what you're paying for. Plus the future of online sales is about buyer protection. It's why Ebay and Paypal are insanely biased in favor of the buyer and a lot of sellers are bitter about it. Bitcoin offers 0 protection for a buyer since it's essentially digital cash. Open bazaar will be a huge failure, but only after a ton of people are scammed on it.
@_date: 2015-01-08 09:22:38
Of course they took his check, he legally owed them that money. If he didn't pay it he would be looking at 10+ years for felony tax evasion. The US denies tons of people visas every year, there's nothing politically motivated about their decision. He is a convicted felon who does not have a strong history of permanent residency (meaning there is a real risk he won't leave when his visa expires). It's standard procedure to deny anyone with that sort of application. For instance, Canada will deny anyone entrance if they even have so much as a DUI. Can't believe you actually buy his 'woe is me' bullshit. Maybe if he wanted to travel in the US so badly he shouldn't have given up his citizenship? The US does not owe a visa to foreign nationals just because they want one. His entitlement is off the charts.
@_date: 2016-01-16 18:52:26
Do more research before I speak? You're the one spamming with your personal site trying to scam people. Generally people learn to illustrate and code before they start charging people thousands of dollars for it. Let me guess, you take the $3,000+ and then install a pre-bought theme passing it off as your own?
@_date: 2015-08-29 14:47:34
Uhhh inspired by? It's a literal tracing of ["The Rose" by Alphonse Mucha.]( Even the little folds in the dress are straight copied. And no, nothing about inspiration (let alone a straight reproduction) is mentioned anywhere on the site. Very dishonest.
@_date: 2015-08-16 19:59:16
I agree. I won't trade Bitcoin for anything, especially not ShitcoinXT.
@_date: 2015-04-25 01:30:22
Except not, that quote was from 1934 and at the time there was already a lot of discussion among physicists regarding the possibility of breaking up an atom and what would occur when doing so - nuclear fission was discovered in 1938 by Otto Hahn and theoretically explained just a year later. Even in 1934 to say "there is not the slightest indication that nuclear energy will ever be obtainable" was a bold statement, and it was something many others disagreed with Einstein about.
Even before fully understanding the atom, chemists theorized about breaking up an atom in a controllable fashion to utilize the reactions energy. Rutherford and Bohr both wrote on the subject well before the Einstein quote. In fact there was quite a bit of talk in the media in the early 1900's due to Rutherford and Bohr's work. To say their research presented "not a slightest indication" that nuclear energy will ever be obtainable was a massive oversight on Einsteins part. If you read his writings and correspondence with other academics at the time you'll see he could be particularly skeptical and despite being brilliant was not infallible at all.
@_date: 2015-04-25 02:52:10
Funny how you make a ton of lofty claims and provide zero evidence for any of it. I think you might be one of these 'cranks' perpetuating pseudo-science. But thank you for providing a shining example of what I was talking about previously.
@_date: 2015-04-25 01:50:36
Because Krugman submits his models and theories to peer reviewed journals to be dissected by the most practiced minds in the field. The anonymous neck beards submit their contrarian bullshit to Reddit to be circle-jerked over by people with comparable credentials. I'm going to put a lot more faith into the theories of a man who spends years building his models and having them audited by professionals of all economic thought, than someone who 'discredits' him by posting a single quote of him being wrong about something completely unimportant. It's not on me to prove they are not well-respected authors or academics, the burden of proof is on them to prove they are, which I haven't seen a single instance of yet.
[Economics is absolutely a science, I don't know how to take you seriously saying such a thing.]( And out of all the social sciences modern economics is quickly moving towards more empiricism which is what I'm assuming you're (wrongly) defining as 'scientific'. Modern economics not having an empirical answer to something like the Feldstein–Horioka puzzle does not mean it's any less of a science than medicine not having an empirical and exhaustive answer to how the brain works. The Nobel prize has literally nothing to do with what defines something as a science, it's just a grant Nobel set up to award the biggest contributors to fields he personally thought were important (hence the inclusion of literature and peace). If you're following the scientific method, you are doing science. Crack open an issue of Harvard's QJE and you're going to find a whole lot of science. You know what you're not going to find? People faxing stupid bullshit to a random clerk in some random office.
@_date: 2015-04-25 10:51:07
So all you can come up with is a wholly unrelated comment he made on a podcast meant for general entertainment purposes? I'm not even sure what you're trying to get at with that quote, all he's saying is economics is tangentially related to the principals used by psychohistorians in Asimov's story (being sociology, history, and statistics). Do you also think all those doctors who watch House are somehow not real doctors?
You know I really tried to throw you a softball. That particular paper is nearly 3 decades old and is an incredibly simplified model he was musing about at the time. I'll go ahead and assume you don't actually understand any of his work whatsoever seeing as you can't even address a simple question. I don't understand how people like yourself expect to be taken seriously if you have the audacity to claim his work is 'science fiction' yet don't have the integrity to address any flaws you find in it, or at least admit you don't even understand it.
The sad thing is you don't even have the self-awareness to realize you're essentially the economic equivalent of an anti-vaxxer. Completely oblivious to the scientific reality, yet you state your unfounded opinions with such bravado - as if they had any merit whatsoever.
@_date: 2015-04-25 00:50:20




Steve Jobs


Ken Olsen


Lord Kelvin


Albert Einstein
Yeah, all those guys must be real idiots who know absolutely nothing and ended up contributing nothing to their field. Pretty much every great mind in existence has made at least one monumentally wrong prediction, and in Krugman's case it wasn't even about his field. I find it funny that one of the most accomplished and educated contributors to the science of economics is continually lauded as an idiot by neck beards who have zero education, have contributed absolutely nothing to peer reviewed publications, and think they are authorities because they read Wikipedia articles about archaic theories and listen to Alex Jones.
@_date: 2015-04-25 02:41:57
You're right, Paul Krugman has only been a leading contributor to New Keynesian theory and had a major hand in crafting the policies that regulate a multi-trillion dollar economy. He could never create a technology encompassing a couple billion that is [mainly used to buy gift cards and precious metals](
Spoken like someone who has never read a single economic journal, seeing as they're chock full of observational and empirical evidence. I bet you don't consider geography (another social science) to be science either.
Nobel chose the categories purely out of interest and what he thought would benefit mankind, hence why he created a category for peace, also literature. Good thing he didn't create a category for that other totally not a science at all field of **mathematics**.
@_date: 2015-04-25 09:34:11
Ah yes, another well reasoned argument against Krugman's work. I particularly like all the supporting evidence you provided, it really gives you opinion strength /s
Somehow I get the feeling you're not even remotely familiar with Krugman's work. [Here is an older publication by him]( I'd love to hear your deconstruction of it - particularly the parts you find to be 'science fiction'.
@_date: 2015-03-12 17:14:23
Adjusted for inflation Pets.com got $140MM. VC funding is a terrible measure of a company's potential, especially since SV is in a huge tech bubble currently.
@_date: 2015-10-15 12:22:25
I assure you all my posts are on-chain and fully decentralized.
@_date: 2015-03-12 21:25:07
The $140MM is in 2015 dollars, they received $110MM in 1999. [Here]( is a WSJ article that mentions it. You can also see the figures pulled from their books when they went public [here]( listed as "Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities" near the bottom. The $50MM number is just what Amazon put into them, they owned slightly over 50% of the company.
@_date: 2015-02-01 06:08:20


You literally do not know what TIPS are or how they work, and this statement confirms it. No, the interest isn't just to counter inflation. The principle of the bond increases or decreases to account for inflation, and then interest is paid on top of that amount. Here is an example of how it works:




In addition, at mid-year, on July 15, the investor would receive the first semiannual interest payment of $15.15 ($1,010 times 3% divided by 2).
Suppose, then, that inflation accelerated during the second half of the year, so that it reached 3% for the full year.
By the second semiannual interest payment date, January 15, the inflation-adjusted principal amount of the security would be $1,030. ($1,000 x 1.03 = $1,030).
The second semiannual interest payment would be $15.45 ($1,030 times 3% divided by 2).
The interest paid on the bond isn't the part of the security that protects it from inflation. So while you pay tax on the increased value of the principle, the accrued interest will more than pay off that tax.


[Wrong, disbursements from Roth IRAs that are qualified are 100% tax free, that's literally the whole point of a Roth IRA.](
Look, I would love to continue this conversation with you, but it's obvious at this point you have literally not even a basic understand of finance or economics. When you're trying to say TIPS interest only accounts for inflation, Roth IRAs aren't tax free, and that 2+2=5 there's really not much point in continuing a dialogue, so cheers.
@_date: 2015-02-05 07:57:35
Because Coinbase complies with AML/KYC regulations and this guy is using their service to run a felonious money transmitter service that does not comply with said regulations. It's the same reason his bank accounts were closed and they wouldn't give him the time of day.
I'm sure people here will downvote me and accuse me of being a troll or a 'shill' but quite frankly what this guy is doing is idiotic and reckless. He's risking spending the next 20 years in prison over what amounts to probably not much more than an average salary (albeit for a lot less work). If he's reading this I would strongly urge him to stop. I can almost guarantee he has been reported to FinCEN when he had his bank accounts closed and he is on their radar.