@_author: bumpalru
@_date: 2015-10-13 17:00:16
For example...
"Thx for your welcoming.
We should protect Bitcoin from take over by the few. Its function should flow free as the Volga River despite the centuries of Tsars, Mongols, Vikings, Swedes, and the Communist regime rule. We need to toss out any thinking of the apparent treasure in the boat over the the river as the Stenka Razin did to keep the boat rower and citizens free. Keep the flow free and wide.
The Stenka's men were able to trust him to navigate the river and to support the poor. In our case, Bitcoin does have a few generals to serve the crypto math, with many rowers (the open source programmers) to float in the river. The concept of the Bitcoin is the captain of the ship. Not a single or a group of people, which they may call themselves Oh, NO:
A board of Directors
We need to preserve this structure. No board of directors. A few, governing many to navigate in their own purpose, their own ports to deposit goods, ... must not be allowed.
I see this happened to our great nation of USA. 535 legistrature governing 320 million of us making us poor with their dealing with passing the measures put forth by another group of the few for (subprime, derivatives, mortgage backed trust ...) and finally, the mandatory Obama care, making e.g., drugs more expensive for the poor.
Same for the State, County, and down to the town/cities. In our town, 5 counsel staff fooled us to choke the already congested main street of Las Tunas by reducing the lane from 2 lane ea. with diagnal parking, metering out our property money trickled down from the state to county just to hand out contracts to more than one 'traffic study group and beautification firms' against our citizen voices. Same happening at our next door neighboring towns. A few 5 counsels voting themselves against 35K town citizens on allowing to build Monster houses as already done in our town. It's too late for me to understand the 'flow'. The consel making this decision should of been stopped at the money flow. As they say, follow the flow of $$. From the State, County, then to the town. It should of stopped at higher level. That Las Tunas drive portion belongs to my town but it is a thoroughfare used by the thousands of commuters coming from the east side, like Pomona, San Dimas, ... to downtown LA. I've mentioned this in the counsel meeting but was ignored. Call to the LA supervisor's office of Antonovitch was met by 'Oh, it doesn't belong to the county, it belongs to your town'. Yet, the county office metered out the $10 millions to do the diagonal parking.
I see the same for our corporate (capitalistic) structure. A few, say 5 - 10 board of directors governing the fate of all those who actually working day n' night, week after week with little pay and little time off decide to send work out to Shanghi, laying off thousands of US workers while they get millions in their salaries, compensations, bonuses, ... and more raises voting themselves.
Same for our Japanese American community, a microcosm level - Selling off Keiro Retirement Home complex by the few, the home's board of directors and the CEO. They had no right to determine the fate of the all those senior residents, some in dire conditions and to their families and the seniors in waiting to get in by outright selling the facility without allowing the most important people to vote for no. The proceed of $41 million was said to be used for educating about aging (huh?). The $$ should be used to create new Retirement home without the board of selfish directors or CEOs. Let the citizens make the laws and govern themselves without the greedy few. Campigns, voting? Elections? do these matter as the outcome of our citizens well being, both emotionally (promises), health and financial security? So goes for the global trade deals that US corporations thru our government and now every other nations had gotten involved with the expense of our liveryhood. Tell that to homeless here in LA. The Globalization of trade as sought by the few (corporates pushing the representatives).
The concept of few governing many is wrong!
No special interest or contractors thru the few counsel staff can corrupt 35K of town citizens or the few of industry money can corrupt 320 million of us citizens vs. 535 legislatures
Protect Bitcoin from the few. The banks can buy up all of the exchanges for instance. The funding for the Bitcoin development must be traced continuously and be protected from intrusions by the few. Always trace the $$. Where to where, when to when, and mostly to whom to whom.
The few...."
@_date: 2013-09-06 03:30:21
I guess more helpful would be what messaging do you think would be most compelling for them to hear to accept having the gift cards in their store?
