@_author: bunchofsugar
@_date: 2019-01-01 08:32:49


No, he isnt. Thats not how violence between men within civilised and healthy enviroments works. Men do understand that violence is a first of all a huge risk - it can end up with being killed, permanently damaged or in prison. When you go overly argressive and violent you are actually risking your life, which means that there should be a fucking big reason to do it, and being frustrated isnt big enough. So doing it just because you are frustated is blantly dumb and crazy. Even Sun fucking Tsu said:


And thats Art of War, and war is the highest possible form of violence. See men are tought to use violence responcibly, and it happens on eariest stages of lifes. This however doesnt mean that there are no dumb and crazy men and that there no uncivilsed and unhealthy enviroments. And thats the problem we should adress to resolve violent behaviors. And enforcing the idea of "toxic masculinity" does not help here.


It's a huge sign of immaturity and pretty sad to think "oh shit, what's wrong with the way I communicate with men? Oh, it's that I can't beat them up because physiology."
There are women who cannot maintain heathy relations with men, just like there men who cannot maintain heathy relations with women. But for some reason it turns out that for progressives women in this case  are fine but men are losers, permavirgins of whatever. Thats blantly sexist.


They were talking about art and propaganda:




Disney is actally known for it's [propaganda pieces]( And propaganda can make money, because there is a demand for that. Yep, people actually willing to pay money for reinforcement of their beliefs. I personally diasgree with Peterson's definition of propaganda though. In my opinion propaganda at it's highest form becomes art again.


Sorry but it is true. Your denial of things or your opinion doesnt actually change how things work. This age goes up however. right now average age of first time mother in the US is about 30 years according to [nytimes]( And then again there nothing sexist about this opinion or data whatever, how does this translates into "hate women" is beyond me.


Speak for yourself, lol, you are not "anyone" to make such claims. There will be people who take the idea of "strong indendendant woman" too seriously. They will always be, for every popular idea there is somebody who took it too far and ruined his life with it, thats the power of conformity. And some modern feminists who use bullying tactics against people they disagree (like you are trying to do) with makes it even more dangerous.


It does, see above. And I do not rally against women or against feminism, and peterson doesnt look like doing so. Critising some feminist concepts is a whole different thing. 
btw: what is your age/gender if not a secret?
@_date: 2019-01-10 14:05:40


Its easier said than done. First of all you actually need to be kinda smart or enlightened, lol. Its impossible to realise that you are in a bad relationships when you do even even know that such things exist. And then what about sitations when it is ompossible to just walk away? If it happens on work place for example? Then what? He doesnt say that "physical violence being a solution" or whatever, he says that VIOLENCE IS PERCIEVED DIFFERENTLY UPON WOMEN. Is it so hard? Or is it not? Im not the one here who says that men are using violence "when frustrated".


WTF, dude. Thats exactly what they are talking about. Like literally rewind the interview 1 minute to the start. But its just happens that some of those women identify themselves as feminists, because yeah you guessed they do not accept that they have problems and blame patriachy for that. 


I know there are many many types of feminists and they even sometimes hate each other. Those who are 3rd wave feminists do not fight for a gender equality they fight against "patriachy", thats when the slippery slope begins, because some of them do actually say that "it is ok to hate men".
ofc there are women who actually fight for women rights, nobody says anything bad about them. But funny thing is that they themselves do not always "identify as feminists". BTW egalitarianism is also a thing, thats when its actually about equality.


First of all he actually explains what he means by "propaganda".  Also, if you actually know anything about propaganda you can tell what "propaganda pure and simple" means. Think about advertisment, because it is essentially the same thing. "Emoji movie" is an ad, pure and simple. See? Its actually not that hard.
Secondly how does this claim make anyone sexist? How does "I dislike this movie because for me it seems like it is made to promote certain idea" translates into "I hate women"?


Peterson critisises 3rd wave feminism because it is a collectivist ideology, not because it is "for women rights" or "for gender equality". This makes him a heretic, and feminist just call heretics sexists. It has nothing to do with hating women, its individualism vs. collectivism debate.


Those do not like Peterson either. AFAIK. And he doesnt like them. But what does this have to do with Peterson anyways? 


 
MGTOWs are a problem because people can take it too far, and they are not that different from feminists, they believe just that men are the ones who get opressed.
All of those problems are coming from people who do not want to clean their own rooms including feminists. Know what i mean? 


Same with you.


Everything is quite fair as far as i can tell. 


Feminists do it all over the place. Dont they? He doesnt speak that much about feminism neither he thinks that they are that big of a problem. You just only hear him when he is talking about women, but he does talk about men as well and a lot, and says kinda unpleasant things. Like dude, wtf, you expecting me to "educate myself on feminism" but you doesnt seem to be able to do a research on one single person.




I dont think everything he says is great. Cleaning up your room is a good advice though.


Nice assumption. But anyways what is wrong with basement dwellers? 


Proofs? He still has more academic reputation than a random male feminist on the internet. And modern feminism is actually more like subculture based on set of dogmanic beliefs rather than science.


Im not trying to convince you, because i literally do not care lmao. 
@_date: 2018-12-30 01:37:51
What do you expect? I requested info i got it, ive upvoted the comment even though i disagree (there isnt any women hate), and now im chilling cause its 4:30 am here. 
@_date: 2018-12-30 11:11:49
Have you even read the links? Lets go one by one ok?
- “I don’t think that men can control crazy women”
Thats a nice clickbait title but lets check what he is actually talking about:


Nothing about hating women. But this in fact is true. There are women who either do not understand the concept of responsebility for violence or even worse blanatly abuse the fact that they are untoucheable. This is an issue. If you actually want to solve the problem of domestic violence then you gotta to look at both sides. 
- "Frozen was propaganda, pure and simple.. [it] demonstrate[d] that a woman did not need a man to be successful."
Still nothing. It is a completely different discource. Art vs. propaganda. It is debatable and it is a topic by itself. Is propaganda good or bad? Whats worse censorship or propaganda?
- Feminists support the rights of Muslims because of their "unconscious wish for brutal male domination."
Note that here is fucking nothing about "all women". Other than that i dont know. It could actually be the case. Just like homophobia, which is oftenly driven by one's own insecurity and fears to be rejected.
- "Women who don't consider having a child as their primary desire by age 30 are "not quite right in the way that they're constituted"
Go see what he is talking about. Nothing about "should be". Its again is a fact most women actually want to become mothers at this age, you kinda can see it with naked eyes. Same with men. At somepoint you actually begin to prioritise having kids and family over social accepted norms. And there is nothing wrong with that. Problems come when feminism promotes that cooperating with a man in order to have and raise children is a sign of weak woman (which is not the case). Thats when feminism actually limits women's freedoms and ability to make own choices and prioritise own values. Being a lone mother is a hard task.
Also, im from different culture. Ex-socialist country and stuff. Feminism used to be promoted here for entire 20th century by state driven propaganda and a huge chunk of male population got wiped by WW2, here we have an entire generation of fatherless people and it created pretty sexist society if you look closer. I actually can see where such things could lead into and it is ugly. At some point feminism actually can become unhealthy and harmful for both sides. So it is totally ok to critisise it in order to achieve some kind of consensus. And it is totally ok for femininsm to exist and to push the bountries and, so it can drive attention to actual problems with in society which do exist. 
@_date: 2018-12-29 19:46:10
Mind providing an example?