@_author: bunchik
@_date: 2017-01-24 01:00:35
Sure, but I find most people around here buy Bitcoin for the return on investment, the moon shot prophecy to come- only after then will they finally use their Bitcoin as cash and spend it. Gonna have a sleepy ramble now.
Limited supply doesn't strike me as a good thing in a way besides value proposition... Let's say Bitcoin does take off as the world currency and you're born years after that event.
I don't like the idea that the older generation will be ludicrously filthy rich because they were born at a lucky time. We have that already with old money, I don't want children to be beholden to the new old money all over again, we need something better but bugger if I know what that is. I can't see Bitcoin being evenly distributed around to everyone or have it trickle down to the kids not born of a Bitcoin Billionaire. I guess I wish we didn't need money.
We'd probably see an event in the future where our children rise up against Bitcoin's hoarders and make a new money all over again, with the old, evil Bitcoin Billionaire generation first ignoring them then laughing at them and the wheel turns yet again.
@_date: 2017-01-12 09:00:35
The dip is occurring. It rarely happens overnight unless an exchange gets hacked or some other black swan shows it's long slender neck. Typically it'll happen in slow motion over a few days, weeks or months with ebs and flows.
You may have just happened to buy near the beginning of it is all, maybe, it's difficult to call the absolute bottom and the best most can do is try to buy as low as you think possible with as much as you can comfortably afford then sit tight.
I think a lot of new buyers thought it would never go under $800 again and got scared when it did. I gleefully sold at $755 in November while it was going up thinking I was top shit with profit (Bitfinex Hack Dip Buyer) so color me pink I'm happy to see it down here again. Getting itchy to buy again if it drops below $755, but a stagnant Segwit activation has me only observing.
@_date: 2017-01-24 12:50:32
Good morning!
Well I'm not saying I like inflationary money, either. I want something better than inflationary or deflationary money. Something better that doesn't punish people who have their savings eaten by inflation but also doesn't benefit the early birds the longer they've held it. There's an unfairness to it all that sours it and I refuse to believe we can't have something better.
I don't know what such a thing would begin to look like or work, but I know I dislike money and what people will do do get the most of it from everyone else. 
I'd like to have a coin that will the the worth the value of a nut, and always the value of a nut, forever. That this coin could given to my great great great grandchild and he or she could still buy exactly one nut with it. Except I want this to apply to everything, somehow. A batshit thought, I know, but something like that, you know? A barter coin, a time coin, an hours of labor coin. I dunno. Just silly shower-thoughts I guess.
@_date: 2017-01-19 01:01:34
Then how about spending your Bitcoin to reward merchants that take it then immediately buy more Bitcoin at the same price? More buying pressure and actually gives some purpose to the damn thing. 
It's a problem when people are buying things not for any purpose besides expected ROI.
@_date: 2017-01-24 02:05:35
Yeah I'm stupid to the whole thing, sorry. Guess I just want to be in a world where saving wasn't a thing.
I don't like the idea of saving things that will become more valuable as time goes on, I think it's scary for a default currency more so. It appeals to a greedy nature. A kind of "Screw you I got here first, got all the nuts when they were cheap and held onto them, no you can't have a full nut, here's a shaving of a nut for your 8 hours of labor." when that 8 hours of labor back in your day earned you 6 whole nuts now gets the new squirrels just a shaving for their 8 hours and we all expect a shaving of a shaving will pay for the next generation's 8 hours. If I were the 3rd generation squirrel I'd be kind of miffed. Prices of things obviously would probably go down appropriately too, but the savers would benefit the most from this. I think that's a problem in wealth distribution. Makes me think a time/labor coin that stays constant should be a thing.
This analogy of course takes place in a world where nuts are digital, ever lasting and not eaten, heh.
I don't believe hoarding of Bitcoin or of anything is a myth. Most humans are natural hoarders, especially of precious things they think will be worth more later and will throw it out the window to the nearest buyer when that faith is shaken. Considering Bitcoin is only accepted at a very small amount of places as is, hodling is the favorite past time activity in the crpyto world, not just in Bitcoin, heck not just in crypto.
@_date: 2017-01-24 03:25:24
Wouldn't the rich only spend to make more of the limited currency? I mean outside of buying what would probably be one off major purchases from other rich people who own luxuries they may be after. A rich person can be inclined to spend as little as a poor person if they think their nuts will be worth more later. It's not as if you can't survive on simple food because you're rich, there's no rich person food outside the spectrum of plants and animals they can't grow and cook themselves or buy at the same farmers' market like everyone else.
There's nothing to discourage saving or spending on anything else besides more ways to accumulate even more of the limited 21 million Bitcoins as obviously they'll be worth more tomorrow. I have trouble believing that's not a problem.
Our current poor who invested in Bitcoin may get better along in wealth, but what about the next generations of poor? How does Bitcoin help them at the point when the population stops growing and the price of Bitcoin has met it's peak for real? 
It's not inflationary, sure, but saving it at that point isn't worthwhile to the poor, they may as well put it into something else with growth. With smart money following growth it'd devalue Bitcoin to whatever this new thing is and would be a nightmare if this thing became afterwards an essential to stay relevant in the world to anybody who didn't get in early. More "Feck you I got mine.".
I don't see Bitcoin as any more of an advantage to the poor as it is to the rich. Both can buy it and save it, the rich can do it even harder and have the means of becoming entirely self sufficient as to never need to spend a single Satoshi afterwards, whereas the poorer working class typically aren't in that position and are forced to spend to survive. Without benevolent intervention, that alone I think will pass wealth from the poor to the rich in perpetuity.
@_date: 2018-02-22 13:02:23
Ellen's show had a segment for old memes. Meme economics would suggest Bitcoin's dead after appearing on it as we all know Bitcoin's price is fueled entirely by memes and shitposting.
@_date: 2017-07-27 05:09:46
Irrelevant. Has nothing to do with his Tether vanishing from his Polo account, even if the Tether had no value he would still have the Tether balance.
@_date: 2017-06-28 07:22:21
Yeah nah. No Aussie exchange charged GST on trades or purchase of crypto. There was GST applied on trade fees from the Aussie exchanges, which is negligible, especially after you move on to off-shore exchanges and continue to trade there instead.
Whether or not GST was meant to be paid by the individual come tax time I haven't a clue.
I'm guessing this might just apply to businesses that buy/sell crypto but not as an exchange, like Coinbase (not GDAX) for example. ATMs may also had been applicable, never bothered to check them as they take photos and hand prints off you to use from the ones I saw, no thanks.
Australia also makes up only a tiny amount of traders of crypto so I wouldn't expect much more coming out of it, although it could be more as I met a few Aussies that were trading on Polo, on-ramped from BTCMarkets. 
They prefer buying smashed avocado on toast or investing in negative geared property, anyway.