@_author: bundledad
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:27:21
Exactly this.
The number of government and regulatory agencies that are involved will be spectacular.  Any one or more of them could issue a hold (possibly with gag order) to verify the transaction, participant, etc. as part of an anti-money laundering (AML) or know your customer (KYC) process.  
Take a rational view.  OP presumably has been an average joe up to this point.  Now all of a sudden he's trying to move $1.8MM worth of magic internet money into his bank account.   This will set off some alarm bells, you don't do that overnight, it is highly probable that the exchange is subject to a review of this including a gag order.   One thing most people don't understand is that several governments, most notably the US, insist on visibility on financial transactions globally as part of their taxation, AML, and anti-terror activities.
@_date: 2017-03-07 15:40:27
Which is actually the thrust of the story.  OP is spinning a click bait title
@_date: 2018-06-07 18:01:55
And more broadly if you are US based, reading up on the "Howey test" is likely a smart thing to do.   [
@_date: 2018-06-07 15:38:43
No.   If you buy an ICO/ITO token using bitcoin then the token is the asset, the bitcoin was the currency used to purchase the digital asset.  
Understanding the difference between a pure currency (which is just a unit of exchange) and a token which represents an asset, utility (loyalty points, etc.) or other source of value beyond just itself is critical and frankly something that gets confused even in pure meatspace.    A small number of crypto coins/tokens ONLY act as a currency (BTC, LTC, etc.), most alts are a function of fundraising, asset ownership or other utility beyond JUST being a currency.    
The shake out of this will have tremendous implications from a regulatory and taxation perspective around the world.
@_date: 2017-04-01 18:41:44
No,  while neither a blockchain nor banking specialist i do work with both.

Many banks currently operate multiple payment platforms due to acquisition, political boundaries, technological sloth, and legacy dependencies.   this has a direct negative cost, limits efficiency, makes digital transitions damn near impossible, etc.  Moving to a single blockchain implementation either as a bank or a consortium has tremendous benefits.


None of that has anything to do with Bitcoin, cryptocurrencies, or the political repercussions you appear to hold in the context  of your comment.

While I personally hodl I think that you are missing the point that driving billions of cost + trillions of missed opportunity out of the existing systems is also a laudable goal
@_date: 2017-04-02 21:57:02
Other than Bitcoin or the various alt-coins can you provide any examples?   While I do hold coins and am generally bullish on bitcoin, I am very concerns about the general naivety of the community about legally codified concerns that diametrically opposed to a currency that routes around legacy financial institutions.    
In the meantime there are legitimately interesting uses for block-chain technologies that have zero to do with cryptocurrency that I can see really getting some traction.   You have to remember that the entire bitcoin market cap doesn't even match the annual revenue of the top 100 financial services organizations in the world.    Several of which could *individually* see benefits equivalent to that same market cap once they figure out how to put the pedal down on leveraging blockchain.   That doesn't happen in the 18 month period you are talking about and I'm not surprised that many of the consortiums have fallen apart once the real numbers people caught wind and went "shit, there may actually be something here"
In short, yup there may be financial revolution you speak of with distributed, anonymous cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin.  But in the next 1-5 years I wouldn't peg bitcoin as being in the top 10 most impactful uses of the technology.   Lots of growing pains to sort out, and many more issues of "how do we not cause/survive a shooting war with government agencies who do not like the anonymity of cash, let alone a "weightless" currency"
Just my $0.02
@_date: 2018-11-08 00:31:24
Alright Swanson, you are drunk.  Go home
@_date: 2018-07-19 18:20:01
Global warming is pushing the polar bear community to innovate