@_author: bund-berlin
@_date: 2017-12-05 11:32:21
I just want to remember about the activities for environment &amp; nature protection in Germany/Berlin. Please help to let things run better and more "greener" in the capital city. THX!
Read our initial post for this:
@_date: 2017-12-24 10:00:32
Please donate to BUND Berlin. We are engaged in Environment and Nature Protection in Germany/Berlin. We try to save trees and are working for innovative concepts for a new e-mobility. 
Thx a lot and Merry Christmas! 
@_date: 2017-12-01 09:31:55
Give Bitcoin this Christmas.
Hi 
THX for this very nice christmas-campaign. We apply to you for 1 BTC and are hoping, our profile will fit your campaign-requirements. Who are "we"?
We are the BUND (Bund für Umwelt und Naturschutz Deutschland). The name means "German Federation for the Environment and Nature Conservation". Our activities concentrate on Germany, especially the capital BERLIN. But the BUND is also part of the international network FOEI (Friends of the Earth International). Our aims are defined by protecting environment and nature. To be more concrete, some examples:
1. The city of Berlin is one of the greeenest citys in Europe. This results from many trees around our streets. Our green image - and therefore our life quality in town - is threatened by autumn storms and bad financial capacities of our public administration. Our function is to build up political pressure on the adminsitration in order to preserve our "green treasures".
2. The BUND is one of the leading organizations for alternative concepts of mobility. Uprising car traffic let collapse our city and it's necessary to rethink mobility. There are many good ideas for a more bike-friendly infrastructure and for public traffic systems. Last but not least: Ideas for more e-mobilty.
3. Citys are very affected by the effects of climate change. Our job is now to get ideas how people in the city can be proctected against extreme summer-heat and so on. Having said that, we generally have to think about, which plans citys can realize or which contributions can be made to stop climate change.
4. Last example: Our actual lifestyle is in general a wasteful one. Our products come with packages in plastics and so on. We started a campaign/vision "Zero Waste", which is aimed at: The waste, which doesn't occur, is the best one! So, where are the starting points for all of us to think about, not to produce any waste.
These are some points to illustrate our work. We are a charity, which depends on donations and membership contributions. We are acting political independant and we are the first (and the only one?) environment and nature protection organization which accepts donations in Bitcoin. Perhaps, we can qualify for yor "Give Bitcoin this Christmas"-Promotion this year? It would be nice. :-)
Bitcoins on our Website: 
Our Bitcoin hash: 1BboU9QH4kcNeDqdr7xBUZ4GrFgfhNaVBd
Update: 6.12.2017: I updated our Bitcoin URL after the relaunch of our website now has started.
Thanx a lot!
BUND Berlin e.V.
