@_author: buno5san
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:18:06
Someone identified them as a scamcoin:
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:17:45
Stay away from this scamcoin:
@_date: 2017-12-29 05:48:46
Fair enough. But you know, I wasn't looking for something easy to use. I'm a fairly technical person afterall. I basically heeded the developers' suggestion to go download the software and do some testing on the testnet. What I found out is that it's not that the UX is bad, but it actually didn't even work. I tried to open a channel and it was pending-open forever. Then I created another channel and it did open after a while. Then I basically repeated the above steps back and forth, trying to understand how the lightning network works, but nothing works predictably. I had no f-ing idea what's actually happening. When I thought none of my transactions were successful and that I just closed the channel, all of a sudden some random amount showed up in my balance. Then I tried to send some amount over to my other machine with a lightning wallet. Nothing happened. It's insane.
It's not that it needs UX improvement. It's just a piece of dysfunctional software, not ready for testing at all.
And I'm amazed by how many fanboys are here being so gung-ho on the prospects of bitcoin and the lightning network. I have been a big time bitcoin fan. I wanted bitcoin to succeed. When BCH forked off, I sold all my BCH to buy more BTC. However, I don't see Bitcoin Core addressing the obvious problems (transaction time and high fees) that affect everybody. All of this time we just keep hearing that LN will eventually solve everything, but when I actually try to use it and understand how it works, I find myself less and less persuaded by its effectiveness.
Didn't we all want to get away from centralized control? If LN eventually evolves into centralized payments hubs because we end users do not want to open hundreds of channels, aren't we going back to where we came from? I fell in love with bitcoin in the first place is because it's peer to peer, period. These 2nd-layer solutions are complicating everything.
So can someone tell me a simple reason why can't bitcoin address those two major issues without relegating to 2nd-layer solutions? What is so inherently difficult to solve in the main blockchain? Or is it a fundamental design flaw in the first place?
P.S. Someone else said I should be banned from this subreddit. This is exactly what Andreas is talking about. Bitcoin might fail not because of the technology, but because of the politics, the people being so narrow-minded, unwilling to allow others having an opinion of their own, calling FUD this FUD that, even if that opinion is simply complaining that a piece of software doesn't work and that it sucks. Now I understand why so many people went over to r/btc or other subreddits and stopped commenting here, because this place has become so toxic and uncivilized.
P.P.S. Now I'm not referring to you You are actually very reasonable and you replied me with a fair comment, and that's why I chose to reply to you. What I can't stand is how many other comments are being so hostile all of a sudden.
@_date: 2017-12-27 13:28:04
Why is Bitcoin core so fixated with off chain scaling solutions? I downloaded and tried to use lightning network... It's just crap. All of this opening and closing channels is way too confusing for the masses. There is no way this is going to be adopted by the masses. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:05:48
Not just you, but everyone.
@_date: 2017-12-25 00:11:35
These people have really thick skin to post their linkedin profiles on the front page. 
What the hell is Electro-Technical school and Technical University (study discontinued)? An ex-call operator is now a core developer for a bitcoin fork? Does he even know how to code?
The Business developer Donna Khyuz's LinkedIn is even non-existent. The founder Jaap Terlouw is a CEO of "." (blank). 
What a bunch of clowns.
It's sad these days anyone can make a decent website with the help of Wix or Squarespace and fool people.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:54:48
Yeah, many people are so confused. The [original New York Agreement]( did not have so many changes. The original Segwit2x only wanted to activate a 2MB limit, requiring a 80% support of the community.
Who are these folks actually ([Jaap Terlouw, Donna Khyuz, Robert Szabo]( Are they requiring consensus from the community? If not, how are they different from all those scam forks? How can they use the exact name Segwit2X and confuse the hell out of everyone? Where are the original SegWit2X folks? Why don't they speak up and stop this non-sense?