@_author: burak_burak
@_date: 2016-11-22 19:46:55
Go long on another exchange.
@_date: 2016-11-22 17:45:46


I would rather take a very, very high likelihood of a reasonably secure solution rather than a certainty of no security.  


How is that even an argument. How many cases were there of TREZOR getting physically stolen in the first place? How many people even know what bitcoin is? I stored six figures worth of bitcoin on a pc (electrum with password) for months and nothing happened. 
If you're so sure of TREZOR's physical security do a hardware security bounty. At least $100k for managing to send bitcoin from a pin-locked unencrypted Trezor, as long as the attack is documented and explained. Sell these contest Trezors for a normal price, just preloaded with specific data. 
In fact every HW wallet provider should have a bounty like that. Nano S uses a secure element, but that doesn't necessarily mean they use it correctly or it's really that secure. 
[Hardware hacking is not as hard as most people think]( Yes, it's a larger process node and a much simpler chip, so it would be harder. 


I wrote about a smartphone scenario, so everyone, using USB OTG cable. 
@_date: 2016-11-22 15:07:22
Trezor is not physically safe, it has a normal microcontroller. So it's relatively easy for someone skilled to read data from it. You can use passphrase encryption but the password is entered on a pc with all related dangers. Sounds like an academic threat but if you're storing five figures or more it isn't.  
Nano s uses a special reverse-engineering proofed unit for signing and data storage. This is why I chose nano s. Hardware wallet is for security first, all other factors come second. Not to say that nano s has bad usability or something, it's just that I don't even see the point of considering other choices. Unless there are some other hw wallets with appropriate hardware I don't know about. 
No idea about physical security of trezor2. 
Another advantage of nano s over trezor is that nano s looks like a pendrive. If someone sees me in public with nano s connected to my smartphone they would think I'm transferring data and forget about it. Using trezor looks like you're authenticating something to random people and is a signal that you possibly have many bitcoins to those that know it's a trezor. 