@_author: burblebutter
@_date: 2016-06-14 19:03:21
GBTC is an investment trust. So it is a tradeable asset on exchanges that you can move in and out of backed by Bitcoin. You cannot convert from GBTC to straight BTC. Also, GBTC is selling shares of a large pool of Bitcoins. The price is representative of a share (some fraction of a Bitcoin) and not a Bitcoin itself. If you wanted to convert GBTC to BTC, you would need to cash out your GBTC to USD, then get your USD either into an exchange or buy using local bitcoins. Currently, if you consider GBTC's holdings, their shares are trading at a substantial premium to a Bitcoin. Coinbase BTC, on the other hand, represent the actual coins. You can withdraw them from Coinbase's database to a wallet of your choosing. Once you convert your USD to Coinbase BTC, you can then export that BTC to a hot wallet, a cold wallet, or even your prison wallet. The advantage of Coinbase is that you get all those neat features people talk about Bitcoin having. But securing them is not easy or fun. The advantage of GBTC is you can hold it in your fidelity account, you get the advantages of regulation, and you don't have to worry about security as much. You can't really spend your Bitcoins in the GBTC model, but you can certainly benefit from their appreciation.
@_date: 2016-06-14 13:59:43
Because service X is usually removing externalities. There are billions of examples of this. But a good one might be bussing children to school. You don't have children, but you are a beneficiary of their education. You are also the beneficiary of not having Olivers running through the streets begging, stealing, and vandalizing as a result of the baby-sitting provided. The service a school provides is externality management. So you can pay for that service by either paying to send the kids to school, or you can pay for the externalities that are caused by not paying for the service by having your car vandalized or home broken into every 6 months. You could argue that you would be paying less if you took on the risk, but that's not guaranteed. Governments normalize risk. So while you MIGHT have paid less by absorbing the externalities, you MIGHT also have paid way way more. Government takes that cost and uses its abilities to control that externality and de-risk you. As a result, everyone probably pays slightly more than the average would have been had the government not intervened. But no one ever has to pay shit tons more. Moreover, the result of this externality management is a more viable workforce, whose gains you can participate in by putting money into an index fund. What that means very simply is that over time, while you may not love the cost of the externality management, those costs become cheaper and cheaper over time. In the case of children running around, there are a number of redundant protections that save you a lot of money: 1) police patrols, 2) requirements that children be in school with truant officers managing the externality of children who are not in school, 3) homeless shelters for children whose parents cannot afford to put a roof over their head, 4) foster care for children whose parents are incapable of taking care of them, 4.5) Inspectors that will check in on these foster parents to make sure the children are safe, 5) free education, 6) free bus rides to the school, 7) social security for children who have lost a parent, 8) cheap Universities by way of public expenditures, 9) robust insurance industries, 10) work/study programs facilitated by the state, 11) military for kids who grew up with no specialization (including a career pension for those who can stand to do grunt work for 20+ years), 12) amazing adoption programs that make, 13) state-funded abortion clinics, 14) subsidies for daycares, 15) other shit. Frankly, you look at what is provided, it's a shotgun approach to externality management. Each of these programs represents a sort of market failure type program. They provide what amounts to a basic income for children by making sure their base needs are taken care of. You help foot the bill because you don't know that you are happy to help foot the bill and these are externalities that are otherwise expensive and born by you nonetheless.
@_date: 2016-06-10 15:59:36
This is one of the most inscrutable and stupid videos I've ever seen on this issue. Modern Libertarian understandings of money is like having a 4 year old articulate particle physics. Once you start asserting conspiracies, you disappear your credibility. Not to mention, this is literally a buy gold from me pitch.
@_date: 2016-06-13 17:53:22
You may not want to pay for service X, but you do because you can't not pay for service X.
@_date: 2016-06-15 15:21:58
RE: the definition of coercive, you're right. I'm unaware of the definition. And I will also admit to not knowing how law works. I also, like u/Brighton36, have no understanding of what is evil. But I suspect you are no better. Because of externality concerns, you use these services everyday. :) You are coerced into paying them because, as you have stated here, you are a bit of a dunce and don't know you use them. The truth is that the world is impossibly complicated. Libertarians distill it down to weird binaries that probably can't deprogram you of. This notion that anyone forces you to go to prison is hilarious. It's a nonspecific complaint. You can present an alternative to prisons. But you won't. Norway has some pretty interesting data on recidivism and rehabilitation if you want to look. It's also state run. Just because it's run by the state does not make it evil (States compete, just like the private sector).
To Rothbard, I feel like you can read my responses and know why I think he's wrong. Apart from that, I don't believe in oracles. So throw any 75 page pamphlet at me, or the screeds written by Mises and Rothbard. I'll take them and put them in my prison wallet for safe keeping. As to you being free to become a hermit, you can do that because humans also get to choose whether or not they are hermits. It's a perk of being human.
Is Libertarianism a religion? Because I feel like it might be. :) Grammar, by the way, is the penultimate vestige of idiots, spelling is the final destination. Welcome to the bottom of the barrel. We can hang out there together.
@_date: 2016-06-22 16:50:47
Reporting is not the same thing as being involved or knowledgable.
@_date: 2016-06-10 16:41:51
You have no definition for inequality alex. Not to mention your entire thesis is that some people will be jealous that others have more than them. That isn't a competent or interesting thesis. You want inequality to matter because someone told you to care about it. And I'm willing to bet that you don't even care about it for anything more than the social signaling benefits of caring about it.
@_date: 2016-06-14 14:48:54
Get your bits into a private key only you control during run-ups.
@_date: 2016-06-10 18:35:55
It's funny that when inequality is the buzzword of the day, a bunch of people think that I'm the weird one for questioning their motivations. You are following a trend. Also, you don't understand Fractional Reserve Banking. Bitcoin does not make rehypothecation impossible by any means.
@_date: 2016-06-18 04:44:56
You can come on the show if you'd like and discuss it. We shafted you last time, so that would be a nice way to repay the kindness. That said, you know how we are, so the questions won't be fun.
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:01:48
I highly doubt the fed would waste their time with this drivel. There is no information in this video.
@_date: 2016-06-10 20:40:58
I suspect there is a lot of shilling going on here. Two people in one post pitching the same exact gold/silver salespitchumentary? Forgive me for calling bullshit.
@_date: 2016-06-12 20:11:03
I don't believe in experts. So it's hard to evaluate. If it happens, it happens. Nothing you can do. But you won't beat the average over the long term. So it doesn't matter.
@_date: 2016-06-22 14:50:39
You can't know that.
@_date: 2016-06-15 03:40:11
Let's dissect this:


You can be retarded if you want.


These are loaded words. You called them "coercive monopoly institutions." There are all sorts of things we pay for - municipal fire, utilities like water, etc. You picked the institutions you don't like. But I think most of us would find it hard to call the government's monopoly on water delivery services coercive, albeit a monopoly. These other institutions serve the same function.


Conspiracy. You're too much of a pussy to be forced at gunpoint. You would crumble like a little bitch. I like the Libertarian claim that all these government institutions are gun-toting. They aren't, you've never been at the other end of a gun, and you only say that because it's rhetorically convincing. But it's just a lie.


No one is forcing you to pay. You choose to pay because you know the alternative is to go on Universal Basic income (prison) where you will be given free food, free housing, and free medical care. You will give up your friends, be ostracized from society, and hate the other people who picked to go on UBI. But don't pretend like you don't have an option.


You probably are. Lucky for you, so is everyone else.


I'm an idiot. But Rothbard is too.


You are free to make wrongheaded financial decisions. Thankfully for all of us, your risk to society by making those decisions is minimized, however, as a result of institutions managing your externalities. Our Fed is an awesome Fed.


Yes I have. I'm not making a statement about what should exist. Rather, what does. You are free to become a hermit and not benefit from these institutions. You don't become a hermit, because you don't actually believe the shit you think you believe.


The cost is that we have a lot of Libertarians spewing hilariously unthoughtful bullshit. That's an externality I feel is worth it, however.


Conspiracy. No data.


You say hilarious things. And it's whom. I guess English was a hard subject for you.


Do you have evidence? Because I think you don't. There are a lot of studies on educational outcomes of private/public education. Both have their benefits. But I don't think you know much about this subject, and neither do I.


I don't know. You should email the Taliban and ask them. Because I don't think you're describing America.


You might be right. I'm not the one making the claim that it's a net positive. I generally argue that the status quo is the status quo. Your making a claim. Do you have evidence? Or are you just making assertions?
@_date: 2016-06-16 15:42:47
I have been a rapist since I learned to stick my dick into things. I also enjoy sex with various kinds of animals, and I have traveled to countries where eating baby meat is a delicacy (Ireland). While there, I always taste the local cuisine. So I don't know, you tell me. What do I believe?
Also Rothbard is an idiot. It's rule  As to whether I've read his books, as you have, here, yourself witnessed, I am illiterate. Of course I have not read his books.
@_date: 2016-06-22 14:52:00
That comment that was deleted was "Idiot." Probably the mods.