@_author: burf
@_date: 2018-01-07 06:13:52
The Internet wasn't an attempt to replace something nearly identical to it without a real underlying purpose. What does cryptocurrency do that fiat currencies can't? My understanding is that there are two main differences: 1) it's not tied to a particular nation; this is good from an ideological standpoint, but until we decide to dissolve nations I'm not sure I see how it increases monetary utility in practical terms; 2) it's difficult to track - the additional utility here is easy to see (use for illegal purchasing), but it's limited to a pretty small segment of the population.
@_date: 2018-01-07 00:49:15
Anyone want to ELI5 how this isn't just a massive bubble? As far as I can tell it's cryptocurrency is rarely used for actual purchases, and it's effectively just people buying it and holding it based on the speculation that it will increase in value, with the expectation of converting it back to fiat currency when they "cash out".
@_date: 2014-12-15 05:00:00
Literally taken right from Wikipedia:
Theory one: Keynes' basic idea was simple: to keep people fully employed, governments have to run deficits when the economy is slowing, as the private sector would not invest enough to keep production at the normal level and bring the economy out of recession. Keynesian economists called on governments during times of economic crisis to pick up the slack by increasing government spending and/or cutting taxes.
Theory two: Monetarists, including Milton Friedman, argue that the Great Depression was mainly caused by monetary contraction, the consequence of poor policy-making by the American Federal Reserve System and continued crisis in the banking system.[16][17] In this view, the Federal Reserve, by not acting, allowed the money supply as measured by the M2 to shrink by one-third from 1929–1933, thereby transforming a normal recession into the Great Depression. Friedman argued that the downward turn in the economy, starting with the stock market crash, would have been just another recession.[18]
The Federal Reserve allowed some large public bank failures...
Theory three: From the point of view of today's mainstream schools of economic thought, government should strive to keep the interconnected macroeconomic aggregates money supply and/or aggregate demand on a stable growth path. When threatened by the forecast of a depression central banks should pour liquidity into the banking system and the government should cut taxes and accelerate spending in order to keep the nominal money stock and total nominal demand from collapsing
To recap:  states that private industry sucks at keeping the market afloat on its own.  states that the government needs to intervene (not capitalist) to prevent crashes.  states that the government should balance the boom/bust nature of the economy by controlling input. 
So please, please go ahead and explain how the Great Depression wasn't caused in large part by lack of regulation and government intervetion. Are you a fucking economist, or just a conservative who likes to knee-jerk rabble bullshit at people, claiming they don't know what they're talking about?
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:15:25
The original, more laissez faire America was worse than this one. Capitalism led to the great depression, and the only thing that saved the country was an increase in socialist policy (well, WWII was alright in an economic sense, as well).
Not arguing with you on anything, obviously. Just wanted somewhere to put my yammering.