@_author: burgerboycrypto
@_date: 2018-02-19 13:37:11
Yeah I spoke at length in regards to crypto as a whole, the technology behind it and the players in the market that a really good investments that have real world applications/uses. All they wanted was call out Auscoin.
Yeah the boat rented for show, and dealership was to showoff, found out the day before the interview and to bring the gf along to do a dream sequence.
I really just wanted to go in it to speak about Crypto other than the bullshit they usually show - unfortunately they picked up the scent of Auscoin along their research and asked me about it aswell throughout the day. Seems like the original agenda of crypto stemmed to all out assault on auscoin.
@_date: 2018-02-19 03:56:08
What you want to know? 
@_date: 2018-02-19 14:04:06
Target if you are doing the dodgy. Everything is run through a company and I pay top $ for accountants to make sure she is all above board.
@_date: 2018-02-19 13:43:33
I always wanted to own a bar, and cashed in on the burger craze and created a burger bar. Note though - I sold an investment property, not crypto, and built it with my sister, not my gf. Guess that didn't fit their crypto dream life. Yeah I don't need to work, I am semi-retired and do 3 days at the bar and travel whenever I want. I have nodes/trading where i make more in a week, then I would in a couple of months. But I love it at the bar, keeps me grounded. 
@_date: 2018-02-19 14:02:04
Haha I'm new to reddit - how the hell do you post photos? But alas ill answer your questions.
1. 2012 is when I first heard about bitcoin and I just started reading about it. 2013, invested in some GPUs(the 10k) and started mining. I'm a comp nerd at heart and litterally did it as a hobby to understand it all.
2. I've made a lot and lost a lot during my change over from mining to trading. It's been a big learning curve over the past 5years. I went big in Minerals - was like a betting coin for esports using twitch interface. I believed so much in the coin i wouldn't let it go. Still hold them till this day. I also missed out big on HTML - held that fucker for over 8months. Sold for 1sat, 3 and half weeks later it went to 30+, would of banked $5mil! Like litterally ill get you screenshots.
3. A lot of my coins are long terms - owning the burger bar that gives me a steady income stream, but I do have 50btc set aside that I do play with to trade. I sold most of that between 22kaud to 26kaud. I bought back in at 12.5kaud thinking that was the end of the dip, Ive only just come back into green with btc/aud wise value. But did give me opportunity to snap up some short term trades on alts. So BTC wise up.
4. It is very difficult and it's a sick obsession of when I should cash all out of my long hodls. When the markets all started to rise stupidly 200k was my portfolio pull out point, then it kept going up. In the interview they asked when id cash out, my reply was ill cash out whenever i dont need too - as in i can use crypto as fiat anything and everything.
5. In a Facebook page - Crypto Australia. I post a lot.
6. It has only just begun, new players are coming in, big players are coming in, the market in general is only going to get bigger. Regulations will instill trust for big buyers, I know most are against, but regulation is good for all to a point. We will see a trillion dollar+ market and more.
7. Research research research read read read DYOR!!! Decide what player you want to be in this all. A hobbyist, a simple buy and forget for 5years, day trader. There is plenty of money still to be made. 
My main holds(5YEAR HOLD MIN);
SYSCOIN, NEO, ETH, ENJIN, POWR, XRP, LTC AND BTC!
@_date: 2018-02-19 04:49:26
Only reason I went on was to speak about crypto as a whole and the technology behind it. Out of a 12hour day spent with them, they showed nothing of the sort. Also never mentioned what my worth was - they plucked that out of thin air - even in the interview they asked multiple times and I wouldn't tell them. Media aye. 