@_author: burgzoroze
@_date: 2017-03-24 06:08:23
Lower cost to who? You know that the bandwidth and storage requirements go up as the blocksize grows? At some point, the needed storage forces more people to run pruned nodes, which in turn increases the bandwidth requirements for the nodes that keep the whole history. And these are costs that the miners don't have to care about. They can offer you cheap blockspace, but how many publicly available full archival nodes will there be worldwide if the blocksize grows to hundreds of megabytes? I recommend making some quick calculations on how much it costs to store N years worth of transactions when the blocksize is X and the cost of storage drops by P percent.
@_date: 2017-03-27 18:16:53
The password is protected in transit with TLS, so the password is not revealed to outsiders.
@_date: 2017-03-23 23:54:58
Most of the cryptocurrencies have no real value, the trading volumes and prices are completely inconsequential. Take a look on how much activity is happening on most of them. Why would anyone bother to attack them?
Bitcoin is a horribly inefficient way of setting up a payment network, so on this level you'll never have lower fees than centralized services if Bitcoin succeeds (though currently for larger transactions the seller of the product/service will enjoy a lower transaction fee compared to VISA). Though if everything goes well, you'll get to enjoy cheap and fast transactions with second level networks and sidechains. If everything doesn't go well, you'll probably end up with cheap and fast transactions on payment channels with companies like Coinbase, who will then act as intermediaries in your transactions with your counterparties. If the blocksize grows too quickly, you'll probably get to enjoy cheap (but not fast) transactions on the blockchain for a while.


Currently a necessary evil to make it more expensive to attack. Certainly a bit too evil if it's true that a handful of people control &gt;60% of the hashrate. Maybe the optimal solution would be some sort of a combination between PoW and PoS, I don't know. Time will tell what the winning network will be.
@_date: 2017-03-23 19:49:01


If Bitcoin is to succeed, it will need to be secure against state-level attacks. Thanks to the ASICs a 51% attack is not easy to perform. If the PoW is changed, the infrastructure of a single large cloud provider like Amazon or Google would certainly be enough to disrupt the network.
@_date: 2017-03-23 23:33:13


Well, there's the rapidly growing area of machine learning/artificial intelligence, for example. Even though most of the things that currently rise to the surface are just "toy examples", I think the fact that NVIDIA's valuation rose dramatically last year is a sign that there's real demand for real applications. 


If I would not be interested in the topic I would not have replied. You have a different view on the mechanics of mining and I'm trying to see if there is something I could learn.


And I'm quite sure you would even mine at a loss, and so would I, just to support the network, but most people wouldn't. 
If we put on our tinfoil hats and speculate on two different cryptocurrency networks, one having a SHA256 PoW and the other some memory-intensive algorithm. Both of these networks are valued in the dozens of billions. Now, let's say that to perform a 51% attack (or to get something like 80% of the hashpower) on either network costs $500 million in equipment and for one reason or the other, the state is certain that these networks need to be crippled. For the first, you buy/build the manufacturing capability and produce the ASICs and for the second, you simply buy hundreds of thousands of powerful GPUs from the manufacturers. Which of these attacks is more expensive? The budgeting in the second can factor in the fact that they can repurpose the machinery to perform data analysis for all the TLAs that record phone calls and store electronic communications. The end result for the ASIC case is a bunch of expensive and noisy space heaters. But this is the "ideal" scenario, in the real world the ASICs can be defeated by other means if they are in too few locations.
@_date: 2017-03-23 21:21:31
The security from ASICs comes exactly from the fact that they are useless for any other purpose! A state-level actor could easily subsidize additional GPU resources for the cloud providers, since they could still be used after being used in an attack towards a cryptocurrency ("Hey Google/Amazon/Microsoft, how about we help you build a huge supercomputer. There's just this one thing we'd like to do with it first). All investment in the development and manufacturing of the ASICs would be lost 100% after a successful attack. I readily admit that China is currently the state that can harm Bitcoin the most, but the way I see it, the best way forward (though not possible at the moment) would be to re-decentralize the mining by having high-efficiency, low-cost miners that could be used as heaters, for example.
There is simply no way that you can get hundreds of millions of people to start mining a cryptocurrency, if it involves anything more than pressing a single button. I'd say that additionally there would be numerous problems even if you somehow could. First, the current Bitcoin network cannot serve more than a few million people at most, and if you do immediate on-chain scaling, you'll reduce the number of full nodes that people can run, which will increase the latencies on the network, which again will harm the small miners who will see their orphan rate rise. So in any case, you'll have centralization pressure towards places where the cost of mining (electricity) is lowest.
@_date: 2017-04-29 13:15:11
Ok, and would the payment be then proportionally to the voted addresses or would the most common voted on address of some period be chosen? What prevents the miners just paying themselves instead?
@_date: 2017-04-12 11:08:40
The discount removes the currently existing incentive to grow the UTXO set for the new transaction type. The growth rate of the UTXO set is an important detail in the system.
If some miners for some strange reason are against the "discount", they can start policing different minimum fees for different types of transactions.
@_date: 2017-04-28 07:58:18
And who would decide how much the developers get? The developers themselves or the miners? And what happens if the participants are not happy with the results the developers provide? Who gets to decide whether the developers are paid or not? There is practically no (algorithmic) way of making something like that in a fair manner. Some altcoins have a system that directly pays some percentage of the new coins to the developers, but I think it's not good for anyone.
So the alternative is that the miners (and other network participants) fund the development voluntarily. This is also what is happening. And all network participants are free to run whatever implementation they want.
@_date: 2017-04-14 16:08:37
Is anyone developing LN for Bitcoin without SegWit? I have understood that not only it is more difficult to get right (there are more edge cases), the usability is probably poor since all users will practically need to do channel monitoring on their own.
It is a bit frustrating to see that the window of opportunity for changes to the protocol is closing (or already closed) and that instead of the potentially awesome systems like (proper) sidechains and LN we will probably end up with central hubs like Coinbase for our coffee transactions. The silver lining is that we can have decent one-way payment channels even without SegWit so we do not need to trust the hubs with all our money. Upsides: instant, cheap payments. Downsides: requires trust (that the hub passes the transaction to the receiver), censorable, seizable, limited confidentiality.
@_date: 2017-04-24 09:25:58
Something like 1000 BTC sounds like corporations doing international trade. Don't you think they would rather pay $1 (or even $50) to settle high-value transactions? I see LN as a way of enabling some cases of microtransactions and making typical transactions (groceries, beer, coffee type of purchases) much more economical.
Your post seems to ignore the proposed mitigations in sections 9.2 and 3.3.1.
@_date: 2017-04-05 22:21:13
But with 51+%, you can rewrite a larger amount of blocks, if given enough time. The rest of the network might figure that something is up when the average time between block approximately doubles, but eventually you can come up with a chain with more work. And your chain can be full of empty blocks. Even if the rest of the network decides to build on the original chain, you will most likely, eventually, always manage to build a longer chain.
An entity that controls over 50% of the hashpower and that uses it against the network effectively makes Bitcoin unusable.
@_date: 2017-04-28 08:05:57
As far as I know, one of the Blockstream products related to Bitcoin is Liquid, which allows exchanges to transfer value between each other instantly. I've seen a lot of people saying that SegWit is some nefarious plan by Blockstream to destroy Bitcoin. I don't remember seeing any Blockstream developers arguing that the lock-in threshold should be lower than 95%, so it's interesting to say that they are pushing it. Also, SegWit would likely make it easier for exchanges to transfer value with each other without the help of Liquid, so activating SegWit could harm Blockstream's Bitcoin-related revenue.
@_date: 2017-04-24 17:05:33
I guess at a point where LN would be popular, 100 BTC would allow one to create quite a few of channels and then closing them at the same time. Or doing a high-fee spam attack of normal transactions to clog the network. It would not be a targeted attack, but an attack to reduce the trustworthiness of LN.
@_date: 2017-05-29 07:34:53
Someone from BitFury hinted that they would activate SegWit with BIP148 if the DCG agreement fails to activate SegWit by then.
@_date: 2017-05-02 01:42:19
"Consumer PC" is kind of misleading. I'd wager that a surprising amount of gaming rigs and higher-end laptops have AMT-capable hardware . And for a specific example, many in Lenovo's X-series have AMT. Personally, I wouldn't skip checking.
By the description, this may be a more serious issue for server farms (and typical enterprises), since attackers may be able to compromise a whole lot of systems if they get access to the network.
@_date: 2017-05-01 22:35:39
Confirmed by [Intel](
@_date: 2017-05-02 16:24:41
Care to elaborate? Which solutions provide the feature set of AMT without the security concerns?
@_date: 2017-05-24 14:57:58
If there's an agreement between the supermajority of the miners and a large part of the Bitcoin businesses, this subreddit should not matter at all, right?
The biggest obstacle for the DCG agreement is that the work necessary for it has not been done. It sounds like a difficult feat technically and it seems that the agreement is vague enough that there are wildly varying interpretations among the proponents.
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:51:53
I'll be impressed if we don't get 2+ chains and users and merchants and exchanges complaining about issues related to the fork.
If this goes through, I think it sets a terrible precedent for upgrades. There will be no end to back room deals between the companies.
@_date: 2017-05-29 07:59:28
Hard forking is different from causing a chain split. In this case, the more intolerant side (BIP-148 chain) will have a chain that is valid for all Bitcoin nodes. It might not be the one with most work, so it is indeed possible that there will be a long-lived chain split. However, if the other network participants do not invalidate the BIP-148 chain or hard fork to different consensus rules, they have a risk of a massive reorg later. And if it happens that the economy is behind activating SegWit, it is likely that miners will follow.
BIP-148 only needs the majority of the hashrate to prevent a persistent split, while a hard fork requires almost all of the hashrate and the support of the economy.
@_date: 2017-05-29 13:50:56
Fanaticism seems to be thing nowadays, no matter if the topic is sports, politics or technology. Over in r/btc you can read about people who say that SegWit will destroy Bitcoin and they will sell all their coins if it's activated. These extreme positions are rather meaningless, since in the "worst case", most the people will be embarrassed and they will just delete their reddit accounts. If BIP-148 fails, it's unlikely that there will be a chain to follow.
@_date: 2017-05-02 19:06:38
Ok, so which administration methods are you talking about that are better and more secure?
@_date: 2017-05-02 20:00:43
Out-of-band vs. in-band. Apples and oranges indeed.
@_date: 2017-05-02 05:43:51
Why would companies that want to do remote administration and provisioning want to disable AMT? The feature is very convenient when you're managing a large amount of machines, whether they're laptops, desktops or servers. Problem is that it turns out that it is unfortunately too convenient since apparently one can somehow bypass authentication completely.
@_date: 2017-05-23 09:33:54
Again, there is the difference between covert ASICBoost and overt ASICBoost. The problem is that if there are any miners using the former, they have a reason to block upgrades that would prevent them from using it. But since there seems to be opposition for activating SegWit, at least some forms of covert ASICBoost could be prevented with a less controversial BIP. Trying to prevent such a BIP would hint towards the use (or plan to use) covert ASICBoost and could guide the network on how to approach protocol upgrades in the future.