@_author: buridoof
@_date: 2017-11-26 09:12:12
It's not really about whether I can do it. I knew about bitcoin when it came out and if I had been smarter I would have mined it back then. But really I'm trying to figure out why people think it's so revolutionary. I just see it as another "option", but I think it's kind of overhyped. Not because I can't get into it now, but because the role people think it'll have in the future doesn't seem all that realistic. Either way, I think it's existence is great and incredibly interesting. I just don't see it ever becoming what people seem to think it will. Rather it'll just be that thing people use to buy drugs and guns and pizza.
@_date: 2017-11-26 09:16:45
That's pretty insightful, thanks. I'm a bit confused though, I heard there were large fees when investing in bitcoin. Is there a difference between buying and investing? If not, then am I not understanding these fees correctly? 
If they are there when buying and selling bitcoin, doesn't that mean I can't just buy and use bitcoin for the day to day? Wouldn't that just make it a loss?
And that's one thing I definitely don't know a thing about: other cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2017-11-26 08:42:47
Maybe I'm just not seeing it but it sounds like bitcoin has a hard cap in how much it'll grow. From what you're saying it sounds like only big governments or corporations will be able to farm bitcoin eventually. And then there goes the whole decentralized thing. 
Aren't we seeing that already with large websites secretly using visitors to mine? It really seems counter-intuitive to me. Bitcoin being divisible is supposed to make it scale, but isn't that meaningless when only the rich can farm it? 
It honestly feels like it's just become another tool for the wealthy to use, just this one is being sold as a solution to the average person's problems? I'm just not seeing it, sorry.
@_date: 2017-11-26 09:56:11
Well, I mean get into it with no real money like in the real beginning. I'm just a broke student.
@_date: 2017-11-26 09:39:44
That last bit about banks or countries going down really made it's hype make more sense to me. I don't know what it's like to worry whether my bank or even my country will be in place the next day. But I know that this is a real concern for other people. 
Maybe one day that'd be a problem Americans face, but presently for the average person like me that seems so far off and almost impossible. Catalan is a good example, to me, if how this can become a reality. 
Bitcoin's significance makes a lot of sense under that context. I still think it'll only ever be just another option. But for some, that option can be a very good one to have. 
My lack of faith aside, thanks for taking the time to give me those insights. I really never thought of it that way.
@_date: 2017-11-26 08:02:25
But as an average person, isn't Bitcoin prohibitively difficult to mine? As in, unless I'm spending 8 grand for a mining setup, I'm wasting more on electricity than what I'm getting in return trying to mine with my gaming PC. 
I think Bitcoin is neat and here to stay, I just don't think it'll ever replace real world currencies due to it only existing as an investment, so to speak. 
Sure, people can buy things with it, but unless you got into it early or have a lot of money to invest in it now, the average person can't really have any access to it.
You can't get a job that pays you in Bitcoin. You only ever buy Bitcoin. You either buy it directly or buy a ton of hardware to mine it. Wouldn't we want Bitcoin to be more accessible?
These are just some of the concerns of someone who never got into Bitcoin, though. So if you can give me any information I'd very much welcome that.