@_author: burn4evr
@_date: 2017-09-07 15:01:46
The finite nature of bitcoin does not mean it will always hold value, value shifts. The fact that there are other crypto coins out there already show that there are other things to dilute the finite bitcoins.
Like all currency or tradegoods its value is based on demand and confidence. If say Neo all the sudden starts making huge waves and partners with Visa to allow Neo to be used anywhere Visa is accepted, all the sudden its value may shoot up just do to so many new users.
It being a bubble doesn't mean you are going to lose money, or that you shouldn't invest, it just means you should understand the risks.
The housing market had a bubble, but there are plenty of people who made money, granted there were more who lost everything. 
I don't invest in bitcoin or cryto, not because I think I will lose money to the crash, I don't invest because I don't trust the service providers. Back in the day when I was looking into investing, I would have gone with Mt.Gox, which would have not worked out well for me. Who knows when the next situation will occur, you already have conflict over control of bitcoin, and there is more than enough money at stake to want to game the system.
@_date: 2017-09-07 15:24:35
Value Shift and bubbles are related, why do you think the US has tried to keep a stranglehold on oil being purchased in USD. 
It doesn't take much to cause ripples, why do you think the story of bitcoin lasting forever is so important.
If someone had definite proof that bitcoin would be worth $0 on a specific date, what do you think the prices would do? There would be a run to extract any value you could from it... obviously thats not really possible, but if you have enough people believing that the value will decrease, you will have that run.... which is why people are pushing so hard to keep things moving upwards, and at a pace thats hard to ignore...
Trust me I often wonder what my life would be like if I invested in bitcoin at $3 when I first heard about it, but I would have probably thought it was time to get off the roller coaster at $300... with at least most of my stake.
Bitcoin will not last forever, the powers that be will not let it, banks and their owners won't simply roll over and die, they already spend so much on lobbying, and honestly I don't think the world is ready for a worldwide currency.
@_date: 2017-09-07 14:22:39
Bitcoin and other crypto currency are definitely bubbles.... but that really doesn't matter. Its about timing. We have had dotcom bubbles, real estate bubbles, stock bubbles, and I soon think we will see a medical care and college bubble as well.
As long as there is a way to make money there will be people gaming the system to overinflate.
Ride the wave up, extract value where you can, and never invest what you can't afford to lose.