@_author: burrowowl
@_date: 2014-12-30 01:16:49


Hey man. Property rights! They don't have to let you in!


Nah. I'm betting he's some kid in high school that doesn't quite understand how passports and border controls work.
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:23:22


I've said it before and I'll say it again:
If you want to stop paying taxes, and never deal with or interact with another agent of the government ever again you an do so, right here in the good ole US of A.
Just move out to the country and become self sufficient. Move far enough away (and the US has plenty of far enough away) so that you don't interact with other people and you can do whatever it is you want.
Is it technically illegal? Yeah, probably. But if you stay on your own land and don't mess with anyone I can assure you that no one will come after you. No one will care.
Wanna go all Galt and pay for everything in Bitcoin? Go nuts. All it takes is ~50 miles distance from your neighbor and I promise you no one will bother to hunt you down. Build your own roads. Make your own electricity. Smoke all the weed you want. You can be all the AnCap you want. 
But you don't want to be self sufficient. You want to live in the suburbs, not pay taxes, and let everyone else foot the bill for the shit you use.
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:46:33
Man, it's hard being a John Galt AnCap uberman and smashing the state when your mom keeps making you mow the lawn.
Literally slavery, man. Literally slavery.
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:32:07
Negative. Presumably you are talking about a passport?
You don't need a passport to leave. You need a passport to enter some other place. Not surprisingly if you knock on the door of some other country and ask to come in they are going to ask who the fuck you are.
But, again, if you want to hop on a boat and sail off into the sunset I assure you no one will care. If you want to hop the border in to Mexico the border patrol won't care. The Federales might, though.
But, again, you don't even have to do that. There is plenty of space here in the good ole US of A, so long as you don't bother other people.


Dude seriously. There isn't a character test for a passport. No loyalty oath.
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:20:27
You are a college freshman who smokes a lot of weed, aren't you?
Anyway. Go. Nothing is stopping you. You don't want to be a "slave"? Go find yourself some of whatever the fuck it is that you want to persistence hunt and run, Forrest. The rest of us think it's idiotic, and would kindly ask you to stop trying to destroy the state using bitcoin, but hey, it's your life. Follow your dreams of persistence hunting, young man! I promise you that we, the filthy statists, are too busy drone striking innocent pot smokers to come after you. Besides, we are all liberals and want to see you follow your dreams!
You're gonna have to put down the hot pockets and learn to be ok with stabbing Bambi in the eye with a pointy stick, though. It's a bit much for me, but what do I know? I'm a namby pamby bleeding heart liberal who can't really stomach poking Bambi in the eye with a sharp stick.
@_date: 2015-01-08 00:53:21
It seems bizarre because you don't know the tricky little detail:
Any tax you pay in said foreign country counts towards the taxes you owe. And since most civilized nations in the world have a higher tax rate than the US it becomes a moot point.
So (fictional numbers for illustration only) say the US taxes at 10% and France at 15%. Now say you are in France, you make 100k, and you pay 15k to the French.
Since your taxes in the US would have been 10k, and you've already paid 15k you owe the US nothing.
That's the simplified version. In actuality nothing with the IRS is ever simple, and there are about a gajillion rules, and limits, and ifs and buts, and if you make a cubic shitload of money somewhere Uncle Sam might want a cut.
But in real life the rules are set up to catch people who pay no taxes because of international tax shenanigans, not to double tax some random dude working in Germany or something. So the vast majority of people will never pay US taxes on foreign income.
@_date: 2015-01-08 01:10:19
Ya. If you had to pay both typical European or Japanese taxes and Fed taxes there would be nothing left. It would be impossible to earn enough to even have a place to stay.
Also there's the fact that foreign employers just won't report your earnings to the IRS, and you will just file an income of $0. Technically illegal, but there's no way to prove anything.
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:44:52
I have a useful suggestion: Learn reading comprehension.
If you want to live off the grid, not pay taxes, not deal with any agents of the government all you have to do is move to the country. I said it two posts up, man. Buy some land, grow some food, be all Galt uberman self sufficient, be all the AnCap you can be. If you don't bother anyone I promise you we filthy statists will leave you alone.
You can do it in every single state in the US except possibly Hawaii and Rhode Island.
