@_author: busaspectre
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:17:23
Sure. A block-level clone, or "sector-by-sector" clone will clone a hard drive exactly as it is. This is the method used in forensic recovery. It ensures that you can even recover anything that might have been recently deleted or changed.
The reason why you want to make a clone is in the event you get undesired results from an attempt (such as wiping out the windows encryption key with a password removal tool), you only damaged the copy, while the original untouched data still exists on the original drive. You should only work on the clone.
Here is a link to cloning directions, and good software to use:
Note step 3, which has the option to create a sector-by-sector clone
A word of caution: be EXTREMELY careful which direction you are cloning. You could well end up overwriting the original drive!
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:41:56
Beware password reset tools. Yes, you will remove the password. However, if his data was encrypted by windows, it will become inaccessible. I highly recommend creating a block level clone of the drive to work on, first.
@_date: 2018-08-02 20:05:11
Installed in an isolated environment. Used a new BTC wallet. Here's what I found:
1) Software crashes out after a few moments with error 520, says to check logs, but logs folder is empty.
2) The site has no real documentation or troubleshooting. Seems to be a ghosting site.
3) There are no traceable records for the program nor the dev's pseudonym "Harold Glitch" (that I found) 
4) There are no details about payout percentages. Obviously they can't provide income estimates, but there should be some breakdown of reward flow IF an address is cracked.
My suspicion: this whole thing is an attempt to harvest more BTC addresses for their brute-force attempts.
My hope: I encountered a fluke error, the platform is honest and well tested, no user harvesting occurs. It will grow and evolve into a respected and trusted tool.
I'm looking forward to being proved wrong on my suspicion, and right on my hopes. Time will tell.
@_date: 2018-06-06 17:07:26
This is roughly what LBRY is for. I keep getting their emails, but I just haven't bothered installing software just to watch the content. If they would have a browser based option, I'd probably try it. (They might already have a browser option, but I haven't looked). Anyway, it is a good idea. I'd say build it. Alt coins may not last, but that doesn't mean their ideas are without merit.