@_author: bushwakko
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:20:38


Socialism is typically defined as a economic system where the means of production is owned/controlled by the "workers" or "society". Since this isn't a very specific definition, there are multiple implementations that could satisfy it. It could be that each work-place is run democratically by their workers, that workplaces are run democratically by the population of the society or a combination of the two. 
Under capitalism the means of production are always private property, because that is the property system that capitalism requires. It doesn't matter _who_ the private property claim belongs to, it's still private property and is subject to the rules of that system. This means that there is no requirement for the owner to use (more on this later) the property and ownership can be sold or traded freely. In short, there is no connection between who uses a piece of property and who owns and actually controls it. A worker _can_ own the means of production, but it's not required. Some workers may own their means of production, while others might not. A state can also own the means of production, but that doesn't mean that it's under democratic control in any way, as a state will typically act as just another capitalist, and exploit their workers for profit. The state can choose to allow democratic control over it, but it's still the property of the state, and can be sold to someone who doesn't allow worker/societal participation.
So, for an economy to be socialist there would have to be a real type of democratic control over the means of production. This means that everyone would have a say in how their work is managed. When socialists want to "abolish private property" they mean to replace it with a system that guarantees this. Personally I find a system where property ownership is decided by "use" is a good way to achieve this. In addition to ensure that the means of production is always owned by the workers, it also unifies it with personal property. You just have to be careful to define what you mean by "use". For example, when you leave your house (or car) and lock the door, you are clearly still using it, as you depend on it being available when you come back.


Of course not. Why would the workers need someone to do that under socialism? The wealth needed to build new means of production is owned by the workers after all. Remember, there is no private property, so the natural resources required are owned by everyone and the means of production used to build it would also be under the same system. The fact that everything physical requires physical stuff to build, is also a justification for why not only workers, but society at large should have some say in how a work place is run, they are after all using everyones resources to build it. Many socialists argue for a system where decisions are taken in regard to how much they are affected by them. So someone who who both works somewhere, lives nearby and owns part of the resources going into it, will have more say than someone who lives on the other side of the earth, works with something totally unrelated, but still owns pat of the resources going in to it.


They don't, as explained above.


No, because I work for a capitalist business built upon the private property system.
@_date: 2018-01-23 16:40:57


Which is not the only definition, and even if it was, doesn't mean what you think it means: 
You clearly have no idea what you are talking about:


Ownership isn't a single concept, it's wholly dependent on the property system that is in effect. You have to decide how something becomes property, what can and cannot become property, when and if it stops being property and what you can do with the property. The number of different variants of property systems and ownership is only limited by the imagination.




With bitcoin, if someone gets your private key and sends it to another address they control, they are now the legitimate owner of the coin.


What do you think having bitcoin would enable you to do if you lived under socialism? You would be able to get items considered personal property, but so would everyone else? Say you buy a lake with bitcoin, you gave someone bitcoin, and they gave you nothing in return. The lake is still owned by society, as per the property system I'm telling you is in effect. You're allowed to fish in the lake and drink it's water already, as it belongs to those who use it, but you no one would listen to you when you yell "Get of my lake! I paid for this with bitcoin!".


The tragedy of the commons is a strawman (similar to the one you are continually using). In fact, Elinor Ostrom won a nobel price in economics doing just that: 
The rest of your post is just to incoherent to even begin to reply to. You're literally stuck with your own ahistorical idea of socialism. One which is a false dichotomy where you have either have private property or no property rules whatsoever. You even start talking about "financing", taking out loans, "things making money" and running a company, like it has _any_ relevance to how an economy without private property would work.
You really shouldn't debate things you clearly have no knowledge about. It's like you're trying to convince a farmer that milk comes out of the ass of the cow.
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:13:53
It's not necessarily societal ownership either. The point is that no person should have more say over how a work place is run than a worker working there. 
A car would typically be considered personal property. It might be a means of production for taxi drivers, but that's still an example of the worker owning the means of production anyway. 
@_date: 2017-06-01 12:24:43
Is there way to do a slow but cheap transaction, to ensure that future fast transaction will be faster? I mean, you could prime you coins for speed later when you aren't planning on doing anything with them anyway?
@_date: 2013-04-18 15:08:10
What is the total yearly transaction fee and how many people take a share of it? How much of that fee goes to covering costs?