@_author: busted_chops
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:32:01
The electricity cost of the just-delivered (or has it been delivered yet? It's ETA just passed) SP35 Yukon miner is $3000/year at $0.10/kWh
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:59:37


It may intuitively seem unlikely, but it's not unreasonable when you consider that if a sizable fraction of miners were to turn off their machines at some lower price level (intuitively likely), then a majority of other miners will find themselves generating even less revenue and will therefore make the decision to turn off as well until the price increases (they will hope).
Note: This is not the same as miners have been doing, which is spending out large amounts of cash on a miner that can never repay; that is different, because even if they will never reclaim the sunk cost, they will nevertheless be able to continue to mine to get a fraction of their money back. In this case I propose, where electricity cost exceeds revenue, it would simply be irrational to continue to mine (why make the choice to lose large amounts of money, when you could turn off your machine and wait for it to become profitable again?).
The 99% switch off prospect seems more likely also when you consider that a handful of mining pools and individuals with mining warehouses dominate. It will only therefore take the decisions of a handful of individuals to see that 99% wiped off.


It is crucial that the 99% (even something like ~50% would have a major effect though) of miners switch off within about a ~13.5 day period, because the block retarget time is currently ~14 days.
I think 13.5 days, or even just 2-3 days is a reasonable timeframe to posit for these miners going offline, because electricity costs (unlike miner purchase costs) are pretty similar where-ever you go, and presumably most big miner outfits are roughly on the same minimal kWh rate because they want to be efficient and competitive.


Yes, with a ~99% loss that would be about a few hours to a day to find a block. That would make the time to the next retarget 0.5 to 5.5 years. The network would come to a standstill if blocks were to take a few hours to a day - confidence in the system would surely be lost.


No, they would get the same amount of coins, but with the price being lower, the dollar value of those coins would be worth less. They would not get more coins, because the difficulty has not changed.
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:38:23


No it does NOT!
Please investigate how mining works. Seriously.
It does not become more profitable until the block retarget, which changes the difficulty to suit the existing amount of miners.
If 99% of miners switch off, block times do not remain at 10 minutes/block (normal reward rate for remaining miners); the time would instead increase to 1day/block or so because the difficulty remains the same until the retarget, and with a falling price that would mean LESS profit for miners UNTIL the retarget.
Problem is, as I have explained, if block times blow out to a few hours or more, then the block retarget won't come for half a year, or years later!
@_date: 2015-01-04 04:18:03


It's depends on whether domino effect argument I put holds true. I think it will hold true; I've personally witnessed it  happen when mining altcoins on my HD7970 back in late 2013/early 2014.
But what if we assume that it doesn't; of course then it would be more likely for a small drop in hash rate as an event, but the prospect of the hash rate dropping by 99% remains a possibility. Even if it is a minor possibility, we are talking about an event that constitutes an existential threat to Bitcoin.


*After* the next difficulty change is the keyword here. By my theory that 'after' will never come - or at least, it'll be months/years before it does. And how long will it take for Bitcoin to be abandoned, for perhaps some promising altcoin, once it's realized that the network is frozen? Given that such an event could be allowed to happen by the developers, who would still have faith in the Bitcoin protocol, on that point alone?


We've already seen 1% switch off twice in December, and the effect is of course negligible. In fact, the overall hash rate varies considerably between retargets. 
I think for a serious confidence crisis you need a hash rate decrease of at least 90%. It depends really on what you think will make Bitcoin impractical to use.
Just taking my figure of 90%:
90% = 1.66 hours per block = 4.5 months until return to normal (difficulty retarget)
In practical terms, that means you'd be waiting 1.66 hours for a single confirmation. This rules out use of any 'instant' service. Services with a one-day turnaround time would be unable to conduct moderate to high value transactions, since 10 hours for 6 confirmations would exceed a normal 8-hour working day.
If you want to be really conservative, probably 99.9% would be the figure to look for. I think you'd agree that at one week for 1 confirmation and well over a month for 6, pretty much all practical uses for Bitcoin are void.
I think if we see a decrease, it's going to pretty much be an all-or-nothing scenario.
And one last point about the possibility of Bitcoin enthusiasts mining to save their interest or investment at a loss: Even if there is just 0.1% of the current hash rate remaining, that would be 33 million gigahashes/second - the equivalent of 5,500 of the most powerful mining machines today (6000GH/s Titanium ASIC or SP35 Yukon). That's a lot of machines to be running for free, considering the Bitcoin faithful might be what? 50,000 at best? And only a fraction of them will be willing to mine, and only a fraction of them will have machines, of which only a fraction will not be 180GH/s Antminer S1s or the like.. - and that's just to sustain 0.1% of the current hash rate!
Interestingly, if you do the math, with a 99.9% hash rate fall, and just 42 days (1 'normal' hour) til the next retarget, Bitcoin enthusiasts would need to expend $1,219,680 just in electricity costs *AT BEST* to get to the next retarget. In the process, they would get a 25BTC reward to divide amongst themselves of course - the value of a Bitcoin would need to be $48,787.20 just for them to break even on their electricity costs! Unless I've made a mistake somewhere in my calculations..
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:33:57
Who will run a single SP35 Yukon miner for no profit and at a cost of $3000 in electricity a year? (at $0.10/kWh)
I doubt there will be many. Perhaps 1%..
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:29:58
My child, I have already explained that the reason a collapse of 99% is in fact likely is because if some miners switch off, it makes it even more unprofitable for the remaining miners; in other words, a domino effect.
Their only saving grace would be the difficulty retarget, but say those 99% switch off within a window of 13 days - that would leave 142 days (almost half a year) to the next difficulty retarget!
Also electricity costs do not vary all too much worldwide, in comparison to the variation in the cost of miners. I'm saying that once the cost of these miners is reduced pretty much to zero, and thus electricity cost becomes the only consideration, miners will switch off en masse as electricity costs begin to exceed rewards
Ignore these facts at your own peril, just as you have ignored the advice given to you when Bitcoin was at ~$1200 rather than $300.
@_date: 2015-01-03 23:20:25
Not thrown away; simply turned off until it becomes profitable to mine again.
And all you have to do to see that this has already begun to happen is to look at the two consecutive difficulty adjustments in December which were NEGATIVE.
Granted, they were small decreases, and in the most recent difficulty retarget we've seen a modest increase, but that's with the price currently at ~$300 - at lower price levels expect all hell to break loose