@_author: busybeaverhp
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:43:49
Read the section "Ledger Size and the Network Effect", about halfway down the article.
The highlight here is that following Metcalfe's law, a network's value is quadratically proportional to it's userbase. So if network A is split in half, the value of resultant B or C would be worth only 1/4 of the original network each. Illustrated here:
@_date: 2015-06-19 17:08:04


hugely stressful and worrying for developers, companies and investors.
Oh yeah? Let's see what the investors and companies have to say about the blocksize:
1. [Multiple polls' results regarding Bitcoin blocksize increase.](
2. [Bitcoin Wallet Software Providers Express Support for Block Size Increase](
3. [List of Bitcoin services that support/oppose increasing max block size](
4. Exchanges that want blocksize increase: Coinbase, BTCChina, Bitfinex, Huobi, OKCoin, Bitstamp
5. [All 5 Chinese mining pools wants to increase the blocksize](
So the investors, wallet developers, miners, and money services support the blocksize increase by a landslide. Are you going to plug your ears and scream "LALALA CAN'T HEAR YOU"? What more the do you want?


"Trust the committee, trust us, we know what's best for you and will approve what's best for others."
There is also a more significant meta-debate at play. Who controls bitcoin? **Why should Blockstream have veto power of bitcoin?** It isn't healthy. All of this talk of "consensus" is nauseating. It's a tool for Blockstream to maintain control. I'm still waiting for anyone to define what the fuck they mean when they play this consensus card. The game is rigged. You might fool some but you don't fool us all. You don't fool the VCs funding bitcoin businesses. You don't fool the wallet developers. You don't fool the API providers. You are completely obvious.
@_date: 2015-06-11 19:09:53
1) All of those questions will be settled by the result of the potential fork.
2) The difference is that this potential fork is led by a well-respected member of Bitcoin space whom Satoshi handed his GitHub keys to, and backed by popular support.
@_date: 2015-06-11 18:45:01
You forget that the basic function of the system is supported by everyone who uses it... and the network is not just the code, but the people forming the consensus. We are in essence, all the mothers of Bitcoin.
You of all people are so keen to parent Bitcoin to your own theory of decentralization and keeping it small, yet ignoring the overwhelming evidence that (we) the network wants bigger blocks, clear and simple.
I have yet to see you ever address the overwhelming will of the majority who wants to see that their participation in the network won't mean having to crawl hands over feet with fees. Here's the list and polls of network participants who wants the blocksize raised, including pretty much 90+% of all wallet providers:
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
There has been numerous studies in why blocksize increase is necessary, including this latest one: 
Gavin has put actual numbers behind the proposed 20MB fork:
 
People have put actual numbers behind the prospective blocksize increase, your camp in not increasing the blocksize have not a thing beyond some vague theoretical concern of centralization (in particular, node count decrease and the measure to increase them), which is questionable as well as debatable. How do you respond to that?
Look Greg, I find you to be one of the most intelligent people in the space, and have come to respect your work in Bitcoin protocol, as well as having learned a lot from you... but your political stance with the current blocksize and your economic dictation in the network completely disgust me.
@_date: 2015-06-08 17:04:06
Most of the Core Developers, especially those involved in Blockstream, are playing politics with the blocksize limit. Some numbers on where the Bitcoin constituents stand:
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
6. 
 
Despite an overwhelming majority support of the blocksize raise, the Core Developers (besides Gavin) continue to oppose it without proposing any alternative, except to hawk their own vaporware like Lightning Network and Sidechains (of which would require a blocksize raise anyway).
Just like the American Congress colluding against their constituents, the Bitcoin Core developers have colluded against the base users, the ones who invested their hard-earned money and time into this project... We run nodes, we run exchanges, we GIVE Bitcoin its worth! 
They are their incumbency to keep the blocksize small so they can profit off it. [A quote from GMaxwell](


So we're letting this man, however technically bright he is, dictate our economic policies with a small group of people... an obstructionist decision made without regards to competition nor deadlines. Not all mathematicians are engineers nor economists. 
"*We see the blocksize increase as just kicking the can down the road, so we're not going to do it*" is terrible decision making that ensures the rise of a competitive alt-coin that offers things Bitcoin do not, like non-restrictive ledger access that more than a handful of people in the world can write on.
We've seen both sides of the debate, spare me the details of a possible threat of centralization if we nudge the 1MB limit, spare me the details of how Timmy can't run his node in his basement because of this. I've seen both sides of the debate and already made my decision.
I'm casting my vote to fire our current ~~Bitcoin Congress~~ Core Developers, by running XT.
@_date: 2015-06-12 00:27:28


From what I've seen, you take a position that increasing blocksize increases centralization and is inherently dangerous to network security, but then again, how much of an increase isn't dangerous to network security? 2MB? 4MB? 8MB? 20MB?
All I've seen from you and the rest of the no-increase camp are vague theorizations without numbers. In engineering, business, and research, no idea can be taken seriously without quantitative backing.
When Gavin proposed his numbers, why didn't you propose yours? Not even a modest 4MB? Why have you been so hesitant to give out numbers, when even Chinese miners have mentioned 8MB?
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:29:44


Satoshi doesn't think it's that important:
@_date: 2015-06-28 23:08:14
What perplexes me is why these Blockstreamers are even debating the purpose of Bitcoin when Satoshi's whitepaper is clearly titled "Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System"
In order to be peer-to-peer, we settle transactions on the blockchain, we cannot defer to third wheels like Lightning Network and Sidechains--useful as they may be--to solve scaling of the network.
For Bitcoin to remain electronic cash, the settlement must happen on the blockchain, not deferred through some vaporware while increasing transaction rates causes Bitcoin to have Western Union fees.
I don't care if dipshits like Adam Back thinks he knows something about cryptography that the rest of us don't, we signed up for electronic cash and we're not going to let a politburo of layer-2 parasites tell us that the network can't scale beyond 1MB in the era of 4K streaming.
If you've had enough of Blockstream perversing the electronic-cash vision, go XT. I am not going to do Core as long as the likes of Blockstream poison the electronic cash well that we have built.
@_date: 2015-06-28 04:50:18
What I don't understand is, if Peter Todd doesn't have push access, and he's just one person, what is stopping the rest of the developers from steamrolling him and going full speed ahead with the changes?
Doesn't that go for everyone who aren't the five who has GitHub push access?
I mean, he's clearly a paid troll. If not for him, there will be other deranged individuals trying to stop Bitcoin's progress. The more we realize this, the better it is to exclude them from discussion. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 15:41:47
1. I don't oppose trustless offchain solutions, in fact, my nodes would be more than happy to run with Lightning Network and Sidechain compatibility... but where are they now? Will they be available in 2016? 
2. The problem is that people keep hawking vaporware as we are nearing the blocksize limit, and even if those potential solutions were to be implemented, we know that the blocksize limit must be raised anyway.
3. Last but not least, name one trustless off-chain alternative that exists in public functioning form today. 
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:27:51


An overwhelming majority vote with our nodes. I've installed XT as a vote that I no longer want the likes of Maxwell to dictate our economic policies by ways of obstructionist gridlock.
@_date: 2015-06-01 16:46:16
Agreed, I couldn't care less if it was a 2MB adjustment, as long as it is bundled with a max blocksize increase over time to some agreed upon upper limit... we do not want another charade like this in the future.
Fork it once, be done.
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:37:27
Indeed. Mike was a software engineer working for Google Earth, he has shown competence in carrying out the lighthouse project. Gavin needs no introduction and couldn't have been better chosen by Satoshi to carry the legacy.
Most of the rest of the Bitcoin development contributors have been shown to be a bunch manchild incapable of understanding how the world works.
A year ago, I would not believe that the biggest threat to Bitcoin would be from within, but this blocksize conflict has shown that centralization of development is the biggest threat to the ecosystem by far, beyond that of any external groups or government.
@_date: 2015-06-18 21:06:56
I don't know how bitcoin tech should be governed, but I do know how bitcoin tech should NOT be governed.
Elected committee and panel of experts should be eliminated right off the bat, as they are the current culprit of our gridlock.
A collection of polls and lists showing support of blocksize increase:
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
There has been numerous studies in why blocksize increase is necessary, including this latest one:
When you have a panel of experts acting against overwhelming research evidence with live data, acting against public interest in raising the blocksize without even proposing anything but stalling... you basically have the equivalence of American Congress governing Bitcoin. Blockstream is corrupt to the Core.
This obstructionism is toxic and an embarrassment to the community. It's almost criminal that we allow a multi-billion dollar system supported by the likes of you and I to be governed by an oligarchy of people (Blockstream) acting against our very interest, in order to play with their theorycrafted vision of 1MB "decentralization".
Core developers should be working on improving the protocol, not dictate Bitcoin's economic policies. You know what? We won't give them that power. Fork away.
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:21:41
We cannot limit Bitcoin's growth because someone with dial-up modem cannot run a full node. 
If a country is beyond a few standard deviations to the left as far as connection goes, it can't be expected that the global payment network waits on them. 
Those in countries that can handle the storage and bandwidth of increasing user demand, would certainly shoulder the burden for those that cannot. 
@_date: 2015-06-26 19:16:43
Pieter Wuille:


Size should scale to whatever people want! That is the point of Bitcoin as electronic cash! Read the fucking whitepaper, read Satoshi's remarks! We cannot push new users off the chain, Bitcoin has to scale or it will die because of Blockstream's corruption.
If I was Gavin, this would be about the right time to revoke Blockstream's access to Bitcoin Core. 
The more I read from the opposition, the more obvious it becomes that they're perverting Satoshi's vision of electronic cash, and instead crippling it so they can profit off of layer-2 systems.
Blockstream is parasitic, surgical removal is recommended.
@_date: 2015-06-11 19:05:45
The ability to send nickels to each other is a huge factor in why Bitcoin has value over the likes of Paypal and Western Union.
The ones who dreams of 0.1BTC fees are going to end up playing amongst themselves while the rest of us migrates over to solutions that allows us to continue sending nickels to one another.
@_date: 2015-06-30 23:44:00
Continually repeating this statement without defining terms or providing
evidence does not make it true or informative.
"Decentralization" is a popular buzzword these days, but how about
stating the problem description in a way that is more precise and accurate?
One of Bitcoin's differentiating properties is that it prevents double
spending without using a trusted third party.
Now instead of arguing about some nebulous "decentralization" that
nobody can define or measure, we can talk about more helpful questions like:
Under what circumstances will miners and/or nodes behave as a trusted
third party (collusion)?
What incentives exist which increase, and which reduce, any tendencies
that may exist for nodes to collude?
In what ways specifically does MAX_BLOCK_SIZE relate to either of the
following questions?
@_date: 2015-06-08 23:01:09
Mike mentioned that Gavin has the ability to revoke Github push access of the rest of the core developers.
If this is true, it's an amazing testament to Gavin's patience in handling the obstructionist refusal to acknowledge any changes to the blocksize limit.
@_date: 2015-06-09 01:41:46


Well, Bitcoin XT isn't being forced on anyone and it's obviously under a different name than Bitcoin Core. Gavin has the popular support, so pushing for the blocksize change is not exactly shoving it down anyone's throat.
@_date: 2015-06-05 01:26:24
On the other side of the coin, you have the Bitcoin Core developers with a conflict of interest in Blockstream... why is it that they are so adamantly against any blocksize increase while hawking their own vaporware?
At least Gavin is doing blocksize lobbying backed by popular support, while the rest of Core Developers are arrogant enough to think everyone's going to pay higher fees once the blocksize limit hits... 
Hint: literally all of the altcoin community is just waiting for Bitcoin to fuck up on the blocksize limit and NOT raise it.
@_date: 2015-06-08 21:54:21
A more complete list here:
@_date: 2015-06-24 04:01:28
All I read was a bunch of words and slippery slope musing without a single quantitative backing... the author seem to imply that if a hard fork can occur to raise the blocksize, a hard fork can also occur to do anything and destroy Bitcoin. 
Once again, like the rest of the hard fork opposition, he spends his entire article on subjective opinions without providing a single counter proposal to solving the incoming flux of adoption that would surely overwhelm the 1MB limit. Nobody cares about philosophical musings about some vague ideology, put up the numbers!
@_date: 2015-06-14 23:40:30


**Answer: It won't**. Prospective users will not use Bitcoin to pay fees, they will simply migrate to solutions that isn't Bitcoin. People advocating that Bitcoin works with a backlog of unconfirmed transactions competing for fees are economically and astronomically stupid.
@_date: 2015-06-19 17:20:31
Just as oil interests have multi-million dollar think tanks debunking climate change, whilst the overhwhelming majority of the scientific community thinks otherwise...
Blockstream is a multi-million dollar think tank debunking blocksize increase, whilst the overhelming majority* wants otherwise. Blockstream either are:
1. Corrupt
2. Incompetent
3. Both
Regardless of options, they are not fit to make any decisions in governing Bitcoins, and we will oust them by either voting, or a violent fork. It will happen.
*Overwhelming majority defined as:
1. [Multiple polls' results regarding Bitcoin blocksize increase.](
2. [Bitcoin Wallet Software Providers Express Support for Block Size Increase](
3. [List of Bitcoin services that support/oppose increasing max block size](
4. [All 5 Chinese mining pools wants to increase the blocksize](
@_date: 2015-06-10 00:27:42


It's only going to get more and more attention as this debate drags on. The only way to settle the blockade is to divorce the opposing parties with a fork.
@_date: 2015-06-19 19:51:10
[One of the clearest explanation of Blockstream's corruption from Jstolfi:](








@_date: 2015-06-30 07:56:49
RBF is nothing but a way to destroy all businesses that rely on 0-confirmation transactions. It is essentially forcing brick-and-mortar merchants to hold their merchandise after the point of sale until at least 1 confirmation... may that be 10 minutes or two hours...
Mike Hearn and the rest of the community has already beaten this retarded fucking idea to death:
is nothing but a hypocritical charlatan whose purpose is to implement features that will hurt Bitcoin, while opposing the features that helps Bitcoin, like a blocksize expansion for example.
@_date: 2015-06-28 23:28:04


This isn't the first time I've heard this before, and never have I seen Blockstream put up actual numbers for the blocksize expansion despite that canned response. You simply are playing politics and stalling... your investors are pulling your strings.
Gavin and Jeff have put up their numbers, so when is Blockstream going to put up theirs?
@_date: 2015-06-19 18:57:08
Edited, thanks.
@_date: 2015-06-16 01:22:51


hugely stressful and worrying for developers, companies and investors.
Oh yeah? Let's see what the investors and companies have to say about the blocksize:
1. [Multiple polls' results regarding Bitcoin blocksize increase.](
2. [Bitcoin Wallet Software Providers Express Support for Block Size Increase](
3. [List of Bitcoin services that support/oppose increasing max block size](
So the investors, wallet developers, and money services support the blocksize increase by a landslide. Are you going to plug your ears and scream "LALALA CAN'T HEAR YOU"? What more the do you want?


"Trust the committee, trust us, we know what's best for you and will approve what's best for others."
There is also a more significant meta-debate at play. Who controls bitcoin? **Why should Blockstream have veto power of bitcoin?** It isn't healthy. All of this talk of "consensus" is nauseating. It's a tool for Blockstream to maintain control. I'm still waiting for anyone to define what the fuck they mean when they play this consensus card. The game is rigged. You might fool some but you don't fool us all. You don't fool the VCs funding bitcoin businesses. You don't fool the wallet developers. You don't fool the API providers. You are completely obvious.
@_date: 2015-06-19 19:06:34
If you can link me the sources saying which exchange advocates the increase, I'll add it.
@_date: 2015-06-28 23:05:11
What perplexes me is why these Blockstreamers are even debating the purpose of Bitcoin when Satoshi's whitepaper is clearly titled "Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System"
In order to be peer-to-peer, we settle transactions on the blockchain, we cannot defer to third wheels like Lightning Network and Sidechains--useful as they may be--to solve scaling of the network.
For Bitcoin to remain electronic cash, the settlement must happen on the blockchain, not deferred through some vaporware while increasing transaction rates causes Bitcoin to have Western Union fees.
I don't care if dipshits like Adam Back thinks he knows something about cryptography that the rest of us don't, we signed up for electronic cash and we're not going to let a politburo of layer-2 parasites tell us that the network can't scale beyond 1MB in the era of 4K streaming.
If you've had enough of Blockstream perversing the electronic-cash vision, go XT. I am not going to do Core as long as the likes of Blockstream poison the electronic cash well that we have built.
@_date: 2015-06-19 22:53:21
Let's check the consensus of the users here:
1. [Multiple polls' results regarding Bitcoin blocksize increase.](
2. [Bitcoin Wallet Software Providers Express Support for Block Size Increase](
3. [List of Bitcoin services that support/oppose increasing max block size](
4. Exchanges that want blocksize increase: Coinbase, BTCChina, Bitfinex, Huobi, OKCoin, Bitstamp
5. [All 5 Chinese mining pools wants to increase the blocksize](
In the face of full blocks, miner demands, exchange demands, and ultimately overwhelming user demand, you're going to use consensus as a political tool to stall so that non-existent solutions may potential come in and save a dying technology?
If you were actually serious and listened to the economic demand for a blocksize increase, you would put ACTUAL NUMBERS behind your musings like Jeff or Gavin, rather than telling us how the blocksize should or shouldn't grow. You're nothing but a politician.
All of this talk of "consensus" is nauseating. It's a tool for Blockstream to maintain control. I'm still waiting for anyone to define what the fuck they mean when they play this consensus card. The game is rigged. You might fool some but you don't fool us all. You don't fool the VCs funding bitcoin businesses. You don't fool the wallet developers. You don't fool the API providers. You are completely obvious.
@_date: 2015-06-28 23:18:09
You clearly have no idea about network and bandwidth scaling, despite what the Google engineers keep telling us about the non-deterministic behavior of the network as we approach 1MB consistently.
I understand that lightning is a trustless payment channel that won't steal the user funds upon collapse, and I would be one of the first to use it, but it is vaporware and not a reason to block the Bitcoin stream with 3 TPS.
The hard fork to increase the max block size should have been a no-brainer and a non-event, a routine maintenance  action predicted  and proposed by Satoshi himself when he added the arbitrary 1 MB limit.  Why has it become the most dreadful menace to the future of bitcoin?
Raising the blocksize isn't going to harm the development of sidechains nor the lightning network, and in fact, they would require a blocksize raise anyway, yet you and Blockstream fail to see the bigger picture of all people who claim to understand the code.
So about electronic cash, what exactly is Blockstream doing to bring that aspect of Bitcoin vision to the masses? How are you going to sit here and tell me that you're helping the ecosystem by not giving what the miners, wallet developers, exchanges, and the masses want?
@_date: 2015-06-29 19:25:12
You mean the economic ramifications that nobody is going to fucking use Bitcoin if the fees are non-trivial? What Blockstream is pushing is Bitcoin off a cliff. We're not going to stand for that bullshit.
We're not going to stand idly by while the 1MB limit forces fees on us and other users away onto a different system. We will violently fork and right the wrongs Blockstream has done unto us.
Hey, remember Satoshi's whitepaper? Remember how the title read "**Bitcoin: P2P Electronic Cash System**"? No? Then read the fucking whitepaper again.
@_date: 2015-06-08 23:27:46
Speaking of last minute, you should ask Peter Todd how his implementation of tree chains for VIACoin is coming along ;)
@_date: 2015-06-09 01:09:18
Gavin isn't the ruler of bitcoin, he's just a man whom Satoshi handed Bitcoin's GitHub keys to before disappearing, therefore Satoshi's will is with Gavin. That isn't to say he is infallible, but the thing is, Gavin has the popular support AND the support of many key players in the space regarding the blocksize increase:
... On the other side of the blocksize debate, there's GMaxwell. 
GMaxwell thinks he's libertarian, but he's extremely tyrannical by the fact that he thinks his beliefs of what is decentralization should be imposed on others for their own good.
[An excerpt:](




So Maxwell's got his million dollars from Blockstream's VC rounds, and has leisurely time to mull about theoretical things without running real numbers backing them up, and has no incentive to increase the value of the network in the face of innumerable alt-coins waiting for Bitcoin to fuck up.
Just as the construction of the blockchain is a competition, Bitcoin is a zero-sum contestant in the cryptocurrency space. Having less value while there are many competitors who are faster to adopt whatever slow changes you throw their way plus their own innovation, is asking for death by a thousand cuts.
When given a chance to raise Bitcoin's value, never, ever, ever back down, because the moment we do, the Alt-coins and powers-that-be will not waste a moment's time to capitalize on it.
Last I checked, wasn't Blockstream funded to improve the cryptographic protocol and not impose ill-researched economic decisions on the entire ecosystem? If I was running a company and some engineer was spouting some bullshit like holding off our company's growth (hence increased revenue) in the face of competition, I'd fire him on the spot.
Last but not least. GMaxwell's shining leadership on display:


@_date: 2015-06-12 16:58:58
So help me understand this: 
1. A hard fork will remove the 1MB blocksize limit.
2. A soft fork limit of 2MB instated.
3. In the future, when the need arises, the 2MB limit can be raised to x MB with another soft fork?
Is  true? If so, I totally support this proposal. 
@_date: 2015-06-19 20:06:06


hugely stressful and worrying for developers, companies and investors.
Oh yeah? Let's see what the investors and companies have to say about the blocksize:
1. [Multiple polls' results regarding Bitcoin blocksize increase.](
2. [Bitcoin Wallet Software Providers Express Support for Block Size Increase](
3. [List of Bitcoin services that support/oppose increasing max block size](
4. Exchanges that want blocksize increase: Coinbase, BTCChina, Bitfinex, Huobi, OKCoin, Bitstamp
5. [All 5 Chinese mining pools wants to increase the blocksize](
So the investors, wallet developers, miners, and money services support the blocksize increase by a landslide. Are you going to plug your ears and scream "LALALA CAN'T HEAR YOU"? What more the do you want?


"Trust the committee, trust us, we know what's best for you and will approve what's best for others."
There is also a more significant meta-debate at play. Who controls bitcoin? **Why should Blockstream have veto power of bitcoin?** It isn't healthy. All of this talk of "consensus" is nauseating. It's a tool for Blockstream to maintain control. I'm still waiting for anyone to define what the fuck they mean when they play this consensus card. The game is rigged. You might fool some but you don't fool us all. You don't fool the VCs funding bitcoin businesses. You don't fool the wallet developers. You don't fool the API providers. You are completely obvious.
@_date: 2015-06-10 15:37:54
Part 2, featuring Central Banker:
@_date: 2015-06-16 01:29:47
[Adam will not propose anything, it will never happen. no ambguity, just NO.](
--- --- ---
[I have a picture of him while he's saying that](
@_date: 2015-06-08 21:59:40
But that's the truth, there are these people who think we should never increase it, and somehow create an off-chain wormhole to push potential Bitcoiners onto trusted system. 
Oh, and you're a Buttcoiner.
@_date: 2015-06-08 17:24:19
The core developers seems to be too corrupt to change despite the overwhelming part of the Bitcoin space wanting the blocksize increase.
Most of the Core Developers, especially those involved in Blockstream, are playing politics with the blocksize limit. Some numbers on where the Bitcoin constituents stand:
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
6. 
 
Despite an overwhelming majority support of the blocksize raise, the Core Developers (besides Gavin) continue to oppose it without proposing any alternative, except to hawk their own vaporware like Lightning Network and Sidechains (of which would require a blocksize raise anyway).
Just like the American Congress colluding against their constituents, the Bitcoin Core developers have colluded against the base users, the ones who invested their hard-earned money and time into this project... We run nodes, we run exchanges, we GIVE Bitcoin its worth! 
They are their incumbency to keep the blocksize small so they can profit off it. [A quote from GMaxwell](


So we're letting this man, however technically bright he is, dictate our economic policies with a small group of people... an obstructionist decision made without regards to competition nor deadlines. Not all mathematicians are engineers nor economists. 
"*We see the blocksize increase as just kicking the can down the road, so we're not going to do it*" is terrible decision making that ensures the rise of a competitive alt-coin that offers things Bitcoin do not, like non-restrictive ledger access that more than a handful of people in the world can write on.
We've seen both sides of the debate, spare me the details of a possible threat of centralization if we nudge the 1MB limit, spare me the details of how Timmy can't run his node in his basement because of this. I've seen both sides of the debate and already made my decision.
I'm casting my vote to fire our current ~~Bitcoin Congress~~ Core Developers, by running XT.
@_date: 2015-06-09 00:46:25
GMaxwell thinks he's libertarian, but he's extremely tyrannical by the fact that he thinks his beliefs of what is decentralization should be imposed on others for their own good.
[An excerpt:](




So Maxwell's got his million dollars from Blockstream's VC rounds, and has leisurely time to mull about theoretical things without running real numbers backing them up, and has no incentive to increase the value of the network in the face of innumerable alt-coins waiting for Bitcoin to fuck up.
Just as the construction of the blockchain is a competition, Bitcoin is a zero-sum contestant in the cryptocurrency space. Having less value while there are many competitors who are faster to adopt whatever slow changes you throw their way plus their own innovation, is asking for death by a thousand cuts.
When given a chance to raise Bitcoin's value, never, ever, ever back down, because the moment we do, the Alt-coins and powers-that-be will not waste a moment's time to capitalize on it.
Last I checked, wasn't Blockstream funded to improve the cryptographic protocol and not impose ill-researched economic decisions on the entire ecosystem? If I was running a company and some engineer was spouting some bullshit like holding off our company's growth (hence increased revenue) in the face of competition, I'd fire him on the spot.
Last but not least. GMaxwell's shining leadership on display:


@_date: 2015-06-03 18:09:52
From the comment section of the article:






@_date: 2015-06-30 20:44:08
Adam Back:




limiter + policy limits


limiter + Jeff Garzik's miner vote.


limiter + Greg Maxwell's flexcap
@_date: 2015-06-11 22:19:20


I believe you and I both want Bitcoin to be as large as possible, but your decision regarding the blocksize limit seems to be contradictory to this. Has it ever occurred to you that a system that can only initiate 3-TPS on-chain is not as secure or useful as it can be? Off-chain solutions notwithstanding, the relatively low transaction rate is going to cap usability at an equilibrium where user immigration equals that of migration, and there will be no further incentivization to secure the network with additional nodes in face of the dropping node count.
You've always argued that increasing blocksize will increase centralization of nodes, and while that may or may not be true, how much and what is gained from it?
When prospective users see articles like "[Bitcoin's Long-Term Viability Threatened by Block Size Limits]( it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that users are deterred by the blocksize limit and that we perhaps are seeing an equilibrium right now! In light of that, the blocksize limit may very well have a chicken-or-egg effect on potential adoption.


First off, is single-sided paid campaigning a claim you can back up quantitatively? Because on the converse, I can make claims that the substantial disagreement comes from a scummy individual and his scooby gang, which is only as fair as your claims of blocksize campaigning. Secondly, some of my polls show not users, but wallet providers and payment services that are unique entities, of which support the blocksize increase by a landslide.
Another converse to your will of a substantial minority of users, is that we the majority, are being subjugated in this blocksize issue by a minority of obstructionists who will neither compromise nor consider any counter-proposals. How is that even ethical or fair to us? It isn't, so many of us are going to pick XT to represent our votes.


I'm glad to hear that you're not a batty 1MB'er who dreams of 0.1BTC fees. You want the blocksize to increase? When, how, and by how much? When Gavin proposed his numbers, why didn't you propose yours? Not even a modest 4MB? Why have you been so hesitant to give out numbers, when even Chinese miners have mentioned 8MB?
Now the mention of actual usage, how are you going to distinguish someone like me who likes sending random nickels to my friends from the spammers?
I find that your accusation of the 20MB party "we'll worry about that later" attitude funny in light of the fact that your camp thinks that we can roll out blocksize changes in matters of weeks if the need arises... when one look at the Bitcoin node versions shows that even the latest version of Bitcoin Core is still the minority. When it comes to full blocks, your camp is essentially saying "we'll worry about that later."


1. Users and payment systems will not tolerate a system where their payment are delayed in an unpredictable and unreliable manner. It is bad enough that the Poisson distribution causes 2-hour block delays at random, if backlogs are big enough that fee'd transactions can sit perpetually or drop out, then we have a problem with the scaling of Bitcoin itself.
2. The vast majority of users will not compete to pay higher fees, but simply migrate outwards to a system that allows them to pay lower fees as before. Altcoins are just waiting Bitcoin to fuck up in this manner.
Many people including myself sees that fees should remain the same, but network value goes up to compensate for decreased subsidy. Bigger block sizes coupled with bigger adoption is the model we support here. Disagreements welcomed, and that's why there will be a fork to settle and reconcile the two engineering approaches.


Everyone has ever slightly differing opinions on what Bitcoin should be, but you should consider that small ledger ran by everyone but only a handful can use, is really shitty.


Suppose that increasing blocksize by Nx costs Ax bandwidth, Bx cpu power, and causes Yx adoption and Zx decentralization, who is to decide what are the best trade-off parameters? One developer? Two developers? The mob? Who decides the optimal solution to this knapsack problem?
You are an individual and it's only fair that you have your views on decentralization that differs from mine, but you having a dictation in the software implementation based on your whims while ignoring the majority's will is not fair and hence XT is my protest.


Another converse yet again: the disenfranchisement cuts both ways.
A lot of people thinks that the blocksize raise shouldn't be controversial too, you know? No matter what happens in Bitcoin there are always going to be groups that are disenfranchised whether we increase or stay. In light of this, the only way to settle the debate once and for all is a fork-off. 
Let's vote.
@_date: 2015-06-12 17:35:26
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:10:52
You know, the best business managers are both technical and has economic vision. Take Elon Musk, or Bill Gates for example...
I don't think the loudest opponents of the the blocksize increase can see the forest for the trees.
Gavin is fit to lead the Bitcoin development process, he has both a combo of technical expertise as well as people skills. Gavin is not a technical slouch by any measure. Notice his ranking in the Bitcoin Github master contributions:
@_date: 2015-06-11 18:51:46
I want you to click on any of the links  through  and it should be clear who that "we" implies.
@_date: 2015-06-01 21:04:21
I have uninstalled Bitcoin Core, and installed Bitcoin XT.
The developers behind XT is aligned with my interests, my vision of Bitcoin. It's a free market, and I have decided.
one busybeaverhp
@_date: 2015-06-19 17:04:06
[Adam will not propose anything, it will never happen. no ambguity, just NO.](
--- --- ---
[I have a picture of him while he's saying that](
@_date: 2015-06-19 19:26:11
Coinbase, BTCChina, Bitfinex, Huobi, am I missing more?
@_date: 2015-06-13 17:34:50
It doesn't matter how much they try to separate the blockchain from Bitcoin. The truth will come out after asked the inevitable question...
Which blockchain? IBM chain? Samsung chain? How about that world's most transparent, and secure ledger over there?
Like some taboo things... at the end of the day, when asked who gives the best BJs, they will never admit that the best ones are given by burly, mustachioed New Jersey construction workers behind a honey bucket... sorry I am getting too carried away with analogies here?
@_date: 2015-06-30 20:46:44
Bryan Cheng's Reply:


not represent any particular rigorous design choice; it is purely arbitrary.


under any reasonable MTU to prevent TCP fragmentation, nor does it
guarantee in any unique way ease of transmission or lower latency. Chinese
mining pool operators, noted as one of the more constrained stakeholders in
this decision, have indicated that 8MB is a reasonable compromise in their
situation. Unless individuals with specific, concrete use cases come
forward with exactly how they will be marginalized by blocks in the 1-8MB
range, we should consider 8MB the minimum applicable size for technical
objections to raising the block size from a network propagation point of


the arguments on the mailing list that economic incentives for the creation
of the fee market depend entirely on a single variable, the scarcity of
space for transactions in a block, we should be talking about _decreasing_
the block size. In reality, this is clearly laughable. The real economic
analysis would consist of a balance between the space for transactions in a
block, the number of transactions being attempted at any given time, and
the block subsidy, among many other factors. Viewing it in this light, the
chance that 1MB by some divine miracle is the perfect balance of those
economic considerations becomes exceedingly small.


of creating a fee market after coinbase subsidies decline, as having
competition for space in a block depends not only on the number of
transactions that fit in the block, but also the number of people
attempting to spend; if success rates fall dramatically, significantly
fewer people will attempt to transact bitcoin. However, this is a
discussion for another post).


into a real discussion about finding what the right sweet spot is. We very
well may decide that 1MB is _too big_; what should not be acceptable is
conflating pressures to decrease the block size with reasons for inaction
altogether. The end game of this debate should be to decide the new block
size that balances, within reason, the various pressures in every direction.
@_date: 2015-06-30 08:39:24
Peter Todd is nothing but a hypocritical charlatan whose purpose is to implement features that will hurt Bitcoin (RFB), while opposing the features that helps Bitcoin, like a blocksize expansion for example.
@_date: 2015-06-15 23:49:03
Abra is similar to Android in the sense that Linux rarely gets a mention in the MSM when it comes to Android.
@_date: 2015-06-18 01:17:44
We really need to get rid of these Blockstream guys from making economic policies on Bitcoin, they're the equivalent of climate change deniers in the Bitcoin space.
@_date: 2015-06-08 21:56:16
We've got a buttcoiner here fellas.
@_date: 2015-06-19 17:09:24
**"I want the blocksize to remain at 1MB for the security of the network"** said NOBODY FUCKING EVER (outside of Blockstream).
Seriously, fuck these guys. We will fork and leave them in the dust.
@_date: 2015-06-09 02:19:33
The significance of the "popular" support is that they're a huge factor in why Bitcoin went from $0 in 2009 to the price it is today. Without the "popular" support, the Bitcoin ecosystem would not exist and those who write the code would not be able to maintain livelihood with Bitcoin. 
Let's take a look at the numbers behind the popular support:
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
6. 


Informed opinions clouded by ideology over practicality, and Blockstream's money is there for all to see. Of all the people Satoshi could have given his legacy to, he handed Gavin Bitcoin's Github access.
You can try to refute this with some authority fallacy claims, but the fact is that Gavin has put actual numbers behind his assertion, while the opposition has nothing but vaporware.
We don't trust that a politburo of programmers corrupted by $21 million dollars have the best interests of the masses in mind, because power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
@_date: 2015-06-26 20:54:06
Before you call foul, let's check the pulse of the ecosystem as far as blocksize limit goes:
Let's check the consensus of the users here:
1. [Multiple polls' results regarding Bitcoin blocksize increase.](
2. [Bitcoin Wallet Software Providers Express Support for Block Size Increase](
3. [List of Bitcoin services that support/oppose increasing max block size](
4. Exchanges that want blocksize increase: Coinbase, BTCChina, Bitfinex, Huobi, OKCoin, Bitstamp
5. [All 5 Chinese mining pools wants to increase the blocksize](
So in this case, the minority is holding Github hostage against the entire ecosystem--the miners, the wallet developers, the USERBASE! None of the Blockstream members have even a pip about when and how they're going to raise the blocksize limit. None!
They're afraid of revealing their position, because the moment they publicize their proposal, it would probably be rejected even harder than 100 or 101.
You know what that's called? Filibustering, obstructionism. I want Blockstream eliminated.
@_date: 2015-06-06 05:17:50
Who the fuck would consider MP and Peter Todd to be leaders of anything? The author is a clown.
@_date: 2015-06-26 20:48:56
Leave to XT. With a high enough node count, Blockstream will eventually get it through their thick fucking head that we decide the economic policy, not their insular little politburo whose plan is to choke the life out of Bitcoin and live off of layer-2 consulting.
@_date: 2015-06-11 18:00:02
I don't know how bitcoin tech should be governed, but I do know how bitcoin tech should NOT be governed.
Elected committee and panel of experts should be eliminated right off the bat, as they are the current culprit of our gridlock.
A collection of polls and lists showing support of blocksize increase:
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
There has been numerous studies in why blocksize increase is necessary, including this latest one:
When you have a panel of experts acting against overwhelming research evidence with live data, acting against public interest in raising the blocksize without even proposing anything but stalling... you basically have the equivalence of American Congress governing Bitcoin.
This obstructionism is toxic and an embarrassment to the community. It's almost criminal that we allow a multi-billion dollar system supported by the likes of you and I to be governed by an oligarchy of people acting against our very interest, in order to play with their theorycrafted vision of 1MB "decentralization".
Core developers should be working on improving the protocol, not dictate Bitcoin's economic policies. You know what? We won't give them that power. Fork away.
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:22:50
Immature is generous, some of the members like Peter Todd is downright autistic.
@_date: 2015-06-29 22:25:33
[One of the clearest explanation of Blockstream's corruption from Jstolfi:](








@_date: 2015-06-09 01:15:42
If it's open-source, then there's nothing stopping it from being on both!
@_date: 2014-09-23 10:09:14
+1 to Electrum.
@_date: 2014-11-08 01:52:15
Thanks! Let's see if this works.
give fiat_sux4 one MoonRocket!
@_date: 2014-09-29 19:31:04
I was able to register my Visa debit card and withdraw my purchased BTC within 5 minutes. This is amazing.
@_date: 2014-11-07 20:46:42
give ToTheMoonGuy 500 bits!
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:20:42
@_date: 2015-06-09 08:04:29
Agreed. I didn't think that it would apply to sidechains and bitcoin. Sidechain is something I would definitely get behind if proven to work as intended.
@_date: 2014-05-01 06:25:00
It has already happened covertly. Do you think that Wall Street is going to publicize how much money they've pumped into bitcoin before they're fully invested?
Wall Street have been silently buying up bitcoins off-exchange. Second Market alone has already stockpiled 100k+ BTC in preparation for its public BIT (Bitcoin Investment Trust) debut: 
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:19:01
The other altcoins' securities are questionable due to their comparatively low hashrate, making them extremely vulnerable to a 51% attack. Take Aurora and Dogecoin for instance.
The biggest advantage of bitcoin over other altcoins is the secure hashrate resulting from the first mover advantage and network effect. At 50 PH/sec, bitcoin's network hashrate is about 100x of all the altcoins combined, and several folds the computing power of the top 500 supercomputers in the world.
Many people say that bitcoin is backed up by nothing. They're wrong. Bitcoin is backed up by the biggest distributed computing project in the history of mankind.
If you were an institutional investor, the first thing you're going to look for is security. Being a high risk investment as bitcoin is, the altcoins are even higher risk than bitcoin as of today. For the next few years, nothing can come close to contesting bitcoin's status as the premier cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2014-11-07 21:01:29
Thanks! &lt;3
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:39:52
Let's test something else out:
Paging Shout your catchphrase and collect a tip!
@_date: 2014-12-25 05:16:53
Merry Christmas!
give AnalyzerX7 one BusyBeaverHP!
@_date: 2014-09-06 22:30:49
I was ticked off enough by the premise of the article to have replied:








@_date: 2014-11-07 20:49:48
@_date: 2014-11-28 21:29:02
So many holes in this article. I don't even know where to begin...
Why is he bringing up superfluous things like compliance and third party BTC transmittance services when the advertisement clearly fingers the blockchain? This article was written by someone still living in the old world where a babysitter makes sure you're playing by the "rules".


Okay, by this logic, the true cost of sending through the Western Union network should include the building fees and staff wages as well, making several magnitudes higher than just $5.
The author is insinuating that the block reward can be accounted separately from the rest of the network cost... I don't even...
@_date: 2014-10-06 07:13:08
I have a Circle bank-linked account (US). I'm able to purchase instantly and cheaper than Coinbase 100% of the time.
I just purchased 0.4 BTC and was able to withdraw immediately, just 5 minutes ago.
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:19:28
No scam, I have a post history.
send 500 bits to rmull
@_date: 2014-10-17 07:35:28
Coinbase did this in reaction to being surrounded by Circle.
@_date: 2014-11-01 18:44:18
Bitcoin has been declared "dead" since June 2011, and then declared dead again in April 2013, and then again in March 2014.
I'm sure bitcoin will be declared dead again many times in the future.
@_date: 2014-12-05 01:45:33
False. [Peter Todd was always against Coin Validation]( ([which was in fact proposed by Mike Hearn](
@_date: 2014-05-02 20:57:20
I agree with this. 
Super important issue regarding widespread adoption.
There's so many of my friends who doesn't want to invest in BTC because it's 500 a piece and they think it's too late aboard the train... if we can fix this perception with "bits", it's another step forward.
@_date: 2014-11-09 23:43:19
This is what's causing the recent tipping trend:
give Inthepaddedroom one BusyBeaverHP!
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:26:57
It worked.
give CeasefireX his 200 bits back.
@_date: 2014-10-06 03:35:49
Circle's bank-linked account has a slight price advantage over Coinbase's bank-linked account. I've tested this many times including the latest instance of $300 BTC:
 
Remember the emphasis here is bank-linked account vs bank-linked account.
@_date: 2014-11-08 07:12:40
give borealforest 700 bits!
@_date: 2014-05-01 06:47:39
If you called for $1000 BTC in April 2013, seven months before it happened, most speculators wouldn't take you seriously. This guy called it: 
I'm calling the next one: $10k BTC before 2016.
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:23:55
send 100 bits to ThePenultimateOne for no reason.
@_date: 2014-05-03 04:10:56
Moving the standard nomenclature to "bits" or "uBTC" is an excellent idea.
It gives people the positive psychological effect of feeling that they have "more". 
I think that most would agree that it's more satisfying to have 50,000 bits than 0.05 BTC.
Lessons can be learned from altcoins like Dogecoin in this regard. We must enable bits in preparation for mass adoption.
@_date: 2015-05-04 20:41:24
RBF is also a bad idea that promotes double-spending, and the topic has been beaten to death by Mike Hearn in another thread:
Double-spending fraud would be almost guaranteed in any RBF-enabled 0-confirmation transactions.
@_date: 2015-05-04 01:41:01
The DDOS protection *is* the free market:
* 1: The miners can choose which transaction to broadcast. The miners can choose to accept or reject the spammer.
* 2: The spammer has to pay a non-zero fee for every transaction that he spams. 
* 3: Considering the fee competition with other people who are willing to pay higher fees to transact non-spam, the spammer now has to pay higher fees per spam. 
He will be bled dry by the free market.
@_date: 2015-05-30 05:15:18
None of these points directly address the fact that if transaction rate were to triple within the next few months, the network would still be paralyzed by a backlog of unconfirmed transactions which will invariably cause non-deterministic behavior, and Bitcoin will be known as a flaky payment system that cannot scale.


Surely the blocksize may be too large in this age of 4K streaming? That we should find other solutions more complex than simply raising the blocksize limit and giving the rest of the Bitcoin infrastructure breathing room while sidechains and lightning network gets developed? 
This wait-until-it-breaks behavior is one of the worst things to ever happen to Bitcoin development... it is nothing more than redtape from do-nothing bureaucrats who would rather lord over the risks of nodes moving from DSL and WindowsME to somewhere with a few TB of hard drive space and broadband connection, than to see that the moment the Bitcoin network gets clogged up, the world's money will not pay pay a higher fee to use a non-deterministic network that drops transactions from the memory pool... they will simply migrate to a solution that isn't the Bitcoin Blockchain.
At the heart of the problem: The blocks gets filled up, what do you do? Are you going to create incentives for the transactions to go down? Because the users will just find another solution that isn't Bitcoin Core...
Oh wait... that's why XT is being developed!
@_date: 2015-05-31 08:56:49
You tell us decentralization are the core value propositions of the Bitcoin system and yet here it is, only able to support 0.005% of the population every day. How is a system decentralized when the maximum use case is limited to a very small group of user that does not include every participant in the network?
Pray tell me, if everyone can run the 1MB ledger, who gets to actually use the ledger when it's full and the fees become non-trivial?
@_date: 2015-05-26 01:35:13
You say that we are nowhere near that level of adoption but the blockchain with the numbers backing it says otherwise:
1. 
2. 
What are these serious risks that you keep talking about? Given the plethora of articles Gavin has put together outlining the feasibility of the 20MB blocks, I have yet to see a single coherent argument against the blocksize increase that incorporates real numbers behind them.


This is really asinine, you know that? So you're implying that the blocksize limit should be left alone until we find a solution that hasn't been conceptualized, to force people to find such a solution? You know what? The trip to Mars is risky too, let's just put the trip to Mars on hold until we invent antimatter propulsion!
You are the Chief Scientist of VIACoin, I think you have an agenda to push, and that you bring up vague concern with no numbers backing it, no clear bullet points... are you trolling?
@_date: 2015-05-04 17:54:53
Gavin Andresen's proposal to increase the blocksize is doing exactly what Satoshi intended, down to the blocksize version implementation:






    maxblocksize = largerlimit*




The vast majority of bitcoiners, including myself as a node-runner, wants this 1MB cap removed. We know that the users will not compete for a higher fee in the event of transactional scarcity... they will simply find another solution that is not the Bitcoin blockchain.
The vocal minority opposing the blocksize increase has built entire doctrines around "transactional scarcity", and "blockchain security" when Satoshi only implemented the 1MB as temporary spam prevention. The opposition's behavior reminds me of an old zen story about [The Ritual Cat](








... We know that Satoshi, the teacher, has only meant the 1MB blocksize limit as a spam curbing band-aid, and now Gavin has to take up the janitorial task of debunking the myth of centralization and security flaws of a blocksize increase, and ultimately remove the 1MB ritual cat.
The problem here isn't the centralization/security to increasing blocksize... the problem here is a vocal minority choosing not to operate on the cancer because they're afraid of dying from infection.
In this era of 4K streaming, obstinately sticking to 1MB is akin to fighting for 240p... and who does that?
@_date: 2015-05-31 20:01:24
What do you suppose will happen when the 1MB blocks gets filled and the fees starts rising, and only the rich can afford to access the blockchain?
@_date: 2015-05-31 17:59:53
one gavinandresen!
@_date: 2015-05-30 08:26:10


Every time I read GMaxwell's posts, aside from his respectably high intelligence, there is an unhealthy serving of ego wrapped in self-absorption that prevents him from seeing the bigger picture... this is clearly reflected in his decision to not pursue the practical raising of the blocksize limit.
When you have the lead core developer walking out along with the almost all the big players in the space, and the general populace following, it is a clear sign that someone screwed up...
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:24:16
one busybeaverhp
@_date: 2015-05-23 03:43:28


Given a constant percentage of the network hashrate, suppose that you have a mining EV of 333 blocks... now with the 0.3% edge, you now have a mining EV of approximately 334 blocks.
Given the variance of block discovery in Bitcoin following Poisson distribution, the 0.3% edge in practice is essentially noise as Gavin had originally stated.
@_date: 2015-05-04 20:37:50
The topic of RBF and why it's a bad idea has already been discussed here:
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:34:42
[Gavin has already shown running 20MB nodes are feasible with a decent broadband connection](






Some folks here keep spinning their wheels with speculative reasons to not increase the blocksize without a single quantitative backing... while Gavin has done his homework and shown otherwise.
Following the logic of of the opposition, I can come up with many reasons not to drive as well, like the risk of dying in a crash on the freeway... but did that stop us from obtaining a driver license? No? Then there's no reason to fear the blocksize increase.
@_date: 2015-05-30 03:11:58
Number of transactions per day has a new ATH:
@_date: 2015-05-31 20:41:31
Correct. [From Gavin's past proposal](


Supermajority defined as: 800 of last 1000 blocks have block.nVersion == 4
Once supermajority attained, block.nVersion &lt; 4 blocks rejected.
This is basically phasing in nodes which are compatible with the old 1MB blockchain, and the new blocksize limit will remain inactive until 80% supermajority is reached, then miners would be allowed to create &gt;1MB blocks which would be accepted into the longest chain, and the 20% minority who rejects the new blocks would find themselves on the shorter chain... and left behind. 
@_date: 2015-05-31 17:49:17
Notice that the services against the blocksize increase like Paymium have an order of magnitude or two less customers than the likes of Coinbase, Bitpay, Bitgo, and so forth...
It may be relevant in OP to perhaps display such information next to the respective votes.
@_date: 2015-05-30 01:54:19
I've sent 200+ transactions with 10-bit fees. Not a single one of them have been confirmed since the test.
Excellent work fellas. I shall call this protest: Occupy 1MB Blockchain!
@_date: 2015-05-29 17:29:10
Going ahead with XT and letting the free market decide is superior to previous attempts at gaining consensus amongst a committee of people... it proved to have placed too much power into a small group that has behaved more like do-nothing bureaucrats rather than programmers with honest intentions to improve the Bitcoin Protocol... and what has resulted is political gridlock because incoherent reasons against the blocksize increase. The obstruction needs to end now.
XT needs to happen. The miners wants this to happen. The exchanges wants this to happen. The payment processors wants this to happen. And most importantly, the popular support wants this to happen.
You are doing the right thing and I will support XT with all of my nodes.
give another gavinandresen.
@_date: 2015-05-31 00:04:06
I'm tired of ~~these bureaucrats~~ core developers practicing politics while ignoring the popular support.
Blocksize limit increase. Now.
@_date: 2015-05-31 20:10:21


Bingo! This is obvious as daylight and it shocks me that some of the Core developers thinks that keeping the nodes small will encourage node count increase, rather than raising the value of the network to incentivize more people to be invested in securing the network. Talk about not seeing the forest for the trees.
100 bits
@_date: 2015-05-19 20:04:50


Who are these experts and what exactly is going to secure the underlying blockchain technology? 
Nothing from this mainstream drivel we haven't heard of before.
@_date: 2015-05-07 04:34:15
The question you brought up is exactly why a limitless blocksize would not be limitless in the wild. The miners can choose to reap transaction fees or broadcast the block as quickly as possible for the network to validate.
As the block reward subsidy reduces over time, this tension between transaction fee versus block validation becomes more apparent and the miner have to choose the optimal blocksize (this is without taking into account disruptive developments such as IBLT).
Without an agree-to max blocksize, it is then up to the free market to decide, and I think that is far more optimal than some arbitrary limit imposed by humans, be it 1MB or 20MB.
@_date: 2015-05-23 09:01:37
If my business expenses to mine those 333 blocks are the equivalent of 332 block rewards, these are some factors that could send me into the red immediately:
1. Rising hashrate/difficulty
2. Electrical power usage according to seasonal changes
3. Unforeseen equipment failure (let's say my yearly equipment failure for the year is now 6% instead of 2%.
4. Inconsistent block discovery (Poisson distribution)
5. Super volatile bitcoin price
In light of this, [No pool can survive without a certain margin of profitability to shield them from variability of the ecosystem.](
You gotta ask yourself, is there any bitcoin mining operation where 0.3% would make a difference, before any of the five points I've listed above would force them into a chapter five declaration?
@_date: 2015-05-30 08:42:29
None of these points directly address the fact that if transaction rate were to triple within the next few months, the network would still be paralyzed by a backlog of unconfirmed transactions which will invariably cause non-deterministic behavior, and Bitcoin will be known as that flaky payment system that cannot scale.


Surely the 1MB blocksize may be too large in this age of 4K streaming? That we should find other solutions more complex than simply raising the blocksize limit and giving the rest of the Bitcoin infrastructure breathing room while sidechains and lightning network gets developed?
This wait-until-it-breaks behavior is one of the worst things to ever happen to Bitcoin development... it is nothing more than redtape in the face of a potential network disaster, and it seems that you would rather ponder over the risks of nodes moving from DSL and WindowsME to somewhere with a few TB of hard drive space and broadband connection, than to see that the moment the Bitcoin network gets clogged up, the world's money will not pay pay a higher fee to use a non-deterministic network that drops transactions from the memory pool... they will simply migrate to a solution that isn't the Bitcoin Blockchain.
At the heart of the problem: The blocks gets filled up, what do you do? Are you going to create incentives for the transactions to go down? Because the users will just find another solution that isn't Bitcoin Core...
Oh wait... that's why XT is being developed!
@_date: 2015-05-31 21:45:16


The limitation is not neccessary at all, unconfirmed transactions can be stored in a database and only need to partially sit in memory, and given the speed of SSDs, there isn't a technical limit to the mempool.
With the current 1MB limit, how many lookups are we talking about? At worst, 7 TPS. I don't imagine you need to look up a whole lot of unconfirmed transactions. Even at 140 tps (20 MB blocks) I don't see that being more than an HDD can handle.
Beyond 20MB, using a reasonably affordable SSD gives us around 100k IOPS, so scaling to match VISA's 2k average tps we still have 50 IOPS per transaction.
TL:DR the mempool argument is bunk.
EDIT: UTXO and mempool are different.
@_date: 2015-05-30 08:02:29
Agreed, the core developers who are not Gavin nor Mike, are starting to behave like a bunch of do-nothing bureaucrats who plugs their ears, singing lalalala while their state burns...
True consensus isn't with the core developers, it is the summation of all the factions involved, and that can never be 100% achieved... hence the force of the free market will either force the hand of XT or Core... my money is on the popular support.
@_date: 2015-05-27 02:17:58
I trust that in the future, my transaction paid with 0.0001 BTC fee, will not get dropped from the mempool, and that I will not have to pay higher fees to guarantee such privilege. 
We are a decentralized public ledger, ran by the public, not a centralized ledger ran by the public, which is what will happen as the blocksize limit gets squeezed and only the rich can afford the fees.
Raise the roof. Do it @_date: 2015-05-30 02:01:54
I've sent 200+ transactions with 10-bit fees. Not a single one of them have been confirmed since the test.
Excellent work fellas. I shall call this protest: Occupy 1MB Blockchain!
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:01:34
I agree, either instate a dynamically increasing blocksize limit, or remove it altogether. We do not want another charade like this.
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:27:49
@_date: 2015-05-23 17:02:45
I am not confusing volatility with expected value at all. It is possible to have an expected value delta that is subjected to engulfment by volatility noise. 0.3% has very little effect on profitability based on the numbers ran. Gavin has provided numbers, where is yours?
I disagree with your dice site comparison for the important reason that the "n" in mining is several order of magnitudes smaller than sites like Primedice. Processing hundreds of millions of trials, the [law of large numbers]( reigns supreme and thin profit margin can produce an industry. Where as with mining pools, the "n" is several hundreds, if not thousands at most, then the 0.3% probabilistic difference amounts to noise superseded by Poisson distribution.
As for mining and margin, once again: [Gavin's chart has shown that mining doesn't operate on as thin of a margin as some people might think]( Most pools have a good cushion on profitability and that 0.3% is once again, noise.
As Gavin mentioned in another post, 




Given that Gavin has shown the numbers backing his argument (in OP), it's only fair that you back up your qualitative arguments with likewise. Otherwise, it's just another speculation.
@_date: 2015-05-31 21:53:13
Ah, thank you for the clearing that up for me.
100 bit.
@_date: 2015-05-30 23:47:25
Peter is a fearmonger and always comes across as a prima donna, not someone I would vouch to develop the World Wide Ledger... as the chief scientist of a rival altcoin... why is he even relevant and what is he doing in the same room as the core developers anyway?
@_date: 2015-05-30 21:07:24
I don't understand what the concern is, from the way that Gavin plans to implement the fork, the bigger blocks don't go live until the supermajority of nodes update their clients. [From Gavin's past proposal](


Supermajority defined as: 800 of last 1000 blocks have block.nVersion == 4
Once supermajority attained, block.nVersion &lt; 4 blocks rejected.
This is basically phasing in nodes which are compatible with the old 1MB blockchain, and remain inactive until 80% supermajority is reached, then miners would be allowed to create &gt;1MB blocks which would be accepted into the longest chain, and the 20% minority who rejects the new blocks would find themselves on the shorter chain... and left behind. 
Everyone is then compelled to follow the longest chain, thus the network now has a new consensus.
@_date: 2015-05-31 08:57:46


What makes you think the other side won't be able to do the same thing?
@_date: 2015-05-27 01:59:00


This! Did Henry Ford stop building cars because the road system was too small? No! [It pressured the government into building bigger roads](
Did Elon Musk stop building electric vehicles because there were not enough charging stations? Fuck no! [He then strung a bunch of them across the continent!](
Bitcoin is one of the most innovative accounting technologies to ever emerge within the past 500 years, and we're not going to be impeded by a bunch of do-nothing bureaucrats. We will force the infrastructural changes, not the other way around.
People who thinks bitcoin has to snake around current technology have no vision, and are not fit to advise anything in the bitcoin community.
@_date: 2015-05-31 01:25:06


SPV is fine as it doesn't give away the private keys of the users, and at the end of the day, there are various ways to cross check whether a transaction is officially settled on the blockchain or not.
I don't agree with the notion that keeping the 1MB limit around is healthy for the system in the short or long run, as the security of the system is dependent on its value (adoption and mining incentive), and as soon as Bitcoin takes second place to some non-Bitcoin solution, you're going to find security flooding out of the system as if a dam has broken.
And once full, who are these 1MB nodes supporting if not the majority of bitcoin users? My take:


On the contrary, a small group holding back a larger group's interest is not authoritarian? I'm not saying that I'm in the right, but your stance isn't in the right either.
Even though I disagree with your direction on Bitcoin Core and find your overall tone egotistical, thank you for taking your time to respond to my posting. I find you highly intelligent and have much respect for your writings and have learned much from reading your posts over the year.
@_date: 2015-05-26 15:30:21
Android, but not Linux.
@_date: 2015-05-06 17:45:40
@_date: 2015-05-31 09:04:14
Existing security vulnerabilities that would be greatly impacted by increasing the blocksize limit are?
You seem to have a habit of avoiding the specifics and not backing up your assertions with data.
@_date: 2015-05-08 04:09:25
Mike, thank you for pointing out the big picture.
Whatever the problems that the increased block size limit may or may not face, whether it be increased centralization or spam across the network, is nothing compared to the impending disaster that you pointed out:
* 1 - At full capacity, confirmation time goes up, way up to the point where I may as well use a credit card and at least my product ships immediately.
* 2 - At full capacity, unconfirmed transactions starts dropping like flies across the network. This is catastrophic for businesses that accepts zero-confirmation transactions (and there are numerous ones that I use). With credit cards, at least you don't have to swipe twice.
* 3 - Stemming from 1 and 2, the Bitcoin network becomes extremely unreliable with long confirmation times and dropped transactions. If I was a journalist and saw this, my next assignment would be: "Bitcoin Cannot Scale", "Bitcoin Blackout", "Is this the End for Bitcoin?", "Bitcoin Failure?".
* 4 - Last but not least, transaction fees goes up. With a non-trivial transaction fee, remind me why I'm using Bitcoin instead of Western Union again?
In the Bitcoin world, achieving protocol consensus is like herding cats, and it takes leadership to spearhead change.
Hearing this, detractors will be like, "Nonono, you've got this all wrong buddy, we don't need a dictator in this decentralized community." But they forget the past: Bitcoin development revolved around one leader.
Satoshi has left Gavin stewardship of Bitcoin development, but is that enough? Well, in every single poll I've seen regarding block size limit increase, the consensus is 3:1 to 4:1 in favor. Gavin has the backing of the public majority.
Considering that Gavin, chief scientist, has ran many tests that indicate the increase to 20MB has very few negative consequences, and the public majority supports it... it must happen.
give one BusyBeaverHP to @_date: 2015-05-30 00:01:19
200+ transactions. I'm done.
@_date: 2015-05-30 08:51:17
That's exactly what I'm implying, that in the face of overwhelming support and demand for a bigger blocksize, some of the core developers would rather stroke their ego, than go for the quick and simple blocksize raise that would buy us a little bit more time to develop alternative solutions like the lightning network.
@_date: 2015-05-29 17:35:40
Please list more if possible, the rest of us would like to see it anyway.
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:49:33








@_date: 2015-05-05 03:38:27
I'm showing you broken logic on purpose to reflect that the fear of increasing centralization with increasing blocksize is an irrational one.
Some people are just so naive with their either-or dichotomy...
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:44:46
There is no such thing as a free lunch in blockchain engineering, I concur, as to gain one aspect comes at the cost of others, but to remain at its current blocksize cap is to ultimately stunt Bitcoin's growth.
On the converse, it would be nice if the TOR nodes had enough bandwidth to propagate the larger blocks through its network quickly. 
The question is, do we build the blockchain according to the past's specifications, or do we build the blockchain for twenty years into the future? I'm in the long-term camp and having a generous infrastructure, even if it means the internet has to play catch up.
And as for the government, why should we let their actions dictate how the blockchain is engineered?
@_date: 2015-05-26 04:42:16
Here are the potential risks that comes with maxing out the 1MB limit:








Honestly, we know what's going to happen when the blocksize hits the ceiling, we know how the media is going to react when unconfirmed transaction starts getting dropped from the mempool, and we know that the price isn't going up because of this.
The overwhelming majority of Bitcoin users and payment networks, and yes, even the Lightning Network themselves, needs something bigger than a trickle of tps. 
The blocksize limit needs to happen right now, we cannot be held hostage by a bunch of 1MB lunatics who can't see the forest for the trees.
@_date: 2015-05-31 09:06:42
Gavin has already shown that a full 20MB node is possible with a late 2012 iMac and decent broadband connection.
@_date: 2015-05-28 07:32:35
It's actually an arbitrary moniker from my ChangeTip dictionary:
You can define your own moniker using your ChangeTip account too, like this:
give one busybeaverhp!
@_date: 2015-05-27 17:59:27
Also, give another gavinandresen.
@_date: 2015-05-06 03:56:52


[I believe Gavin has already tested 20MB as detailed here](












The bandwidth extrapolation you are mentioning, was also addressed in one of Gavin's previous blogs: [A Scalability Roadmap](














@_date: 2015-05-29 18:02:00
Pacific time spammer reporting in.
Will spam a bunch of transactions with 10-bit fees.
@_date: 2015-01-23 01:49:05
Bill Gates is biased against decentralization. He doesn't like decentralized things in which he has no control over, like the internet. This is the root cause of his missed prediction on the modern web, as seen [here](




As you can see from the past, Gates' prediction about a centralized currency replacing bitcoin is flawed thinking, clouded by his need for control and centralization. 
It is wishful thinking at best, and digital currency's decentralized future will march on, and he'll once again find himself attempting to catch up with the times.
He hasn't learned from his past mistakes. 
Smart man, but not an innovator.
@_date: 2015-05-31 10:02:25
True, but the Lightning Network would still need a Bitcoin blocksize increase nonetheless to settle on-chain.
@_date: 2015-05-26 21:02:20
Calling bullshit. 
Anyone with a decent broadband connection and a few TB of hard drive space can run 20MB nodes... don't tell us a miner who can afford a warehouse of ASICs and several hundred kilowatts of power can't afford these things.
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:35:48
... sorry, unforeseen attack vectors? By your logic, none of us should even be on the road because of some unforeseen accident waiting to happen.
If you are that conservative, just keep with Core, those who aren't will move to XT.
@_date: 2014-11-08 01:46:53
give cacheson 100 bits!
@_date: 2015-05-31 00:37:22


It seems like your view is in conflict with Satoshi's original vision and currently the popular support to raise the blocksize limit:








Essentially, because you and a small group control GitHub access to Bitcoin, you believe you can exercise your vision upon the Bitcoin network while ignoring the popular support and Satoshi's original vision.
Why do you think XT on has caught like wildfire? Do you think people like it when they've been clamoring for that one thing, for the network to accommodate more users immediately... and being told what's best for them in a paternal fashion?
You tell me.
@_date: 2015-01-12 09:50:08


Facepalm. The author doesn't get how mining works.
@_date: 2015-05-27 17:17:47
Gavin, thank you for seeing the bigger picture and recognizing Satoshi's original vision. 
After seeing how the other developers handle the incoming blocksize limit squeeze, Satoshi couldn't have picked a better lead developer to carry on the Bitcoin experiment.
@_date: 2015-05-31 20:34:49
Yes, the cognitive dissonance of decentralized upkeep to maintain centralized ledger access is astoundingly stupid.
A: "Keep the blocksize small so I can run a full node with my DSL!"
B: "Can every participant write on that ledger?"
A: "Off-chain solution solves that."
@_date: 2015-05-05 02:55:36


That logic is only as sane as those who refuse the blocksize increase due to increasing centralization without looking at the cost-benefit analysis of the entire situation ;)
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:34:24
Small enough that I can run the full node on my phone.
0.1 TPS.
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:04:55
The other core committers are not happy with Gavin's proposal, that was the problem to begin with, never mind the miner's support, exchange support, payment processor support, and the popular support...
@_date: 2016-01-17 00:02:26


You are correct sir, a prime example would include foisting RBF into Core on one of the busiest days of Bitcoin traffic.
Pray tell us, why do you insist on foisting such abominations that nobody asked for, while denying a blocksize increase that clearly, the vast majority of the ecosystem demanded?
So why is something with overwhelming demand (2MB) controversial, while your RBF merge is not? 
I'm having trouble following your elaborate mental gymnastics here.
@_date: 2015-05-26 04:53:02
;) 
Yeah... let's all run a bunch of cheap nodes to support off-chain solutions... at this rate, we should be constructing a new Coinbase headquarter for free!
@_date: 2015-01-31 21:25:49
Name calling? Check.
Telling people what they should and should not use? Check.
Dogmatic disposition? Check.
FUD? Check.
Recommending Blockchain.info? 
1. [Hack 1](
2. [Hack 2](
3. [Bitcoin wallet Blockchain.info accidentally introduced a software vulnerability](
It should be noted that blockchain.info has been removed from [Bitcoin.org]( a few months ago.
I don't understand how you can call your audience morons in one sentence and recommend a wallet with a chronic history of security failures in the next.
Are you trolling?
@_date: 2015-05-26 20:51:41
We've had this debate for three long years and after every point examined, it's clear that those who oppose the limit raise, will continue to oppose the limit raise regardless of rational arguments presented.
You know that you have backing of the miners, the payment processors, the popular support, and even the Lightning Network?
What is stopping you from coding up the fork, test, and release it, and letting the free market decide? Certainly not a handful of do-nothing ~~trolls~~ bureaucrats deciding what bitcoin should or shouldn't be, right? That's would be sooo opposite of decentralized decision making ;)
Do it. Just do it. Release the code, the free market will then decide.
@_date: 2015-05-28 07:38:41
In order to make it to the front page of you actually need to have a very large upvote minus downvote margin.
Seeing how things works around here, Gavin is quite popular here, isn't going anywhere, and you're just going to have to suffer him.
@_date: 2015-05-27 22:22:19
I'm in. Will spam a bunch of transactions with 10-bit fees.
@_date: 2015-05-26 04:23:29
Perhaps Mr. Todd should've listed those presentation in bullet points instead of putting the onus on the reader to find those articles?
@_date: 2015-01-12 01:56:07
Agreed, I don't even understand why anyone would give this sideshow the time of the day.
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:30:04
Just pushed out 100+ transactions... Oh my, looks like we haven't discovered a block in 30 minutes? Awesome.
@_date: 2016-01-16 18:06:05
back in August 2015:


... You said it, not me. So what happened Adam?
@_date: 2015-05-04 01:25:13


The statement of increasing centralization with blocksize assumes that we are in technologically static environment rather than a dynamic one in which broadband and storage capacity doubles every two years.
If centralization happens, it will happen first when we run out of 1MB space and the only entities capable of paying access to the blockchain are the bankers themselves.
All in all, not increasing the blocksize in fear of centralization, is like not operating on your cancer because you're afraid of dying from infection.


Why not both implement the blocksize increase and the Lightning Network? Why the artificial dichotomy? 
As Satoshi once said:








@_date: 2015-05-16 18:51:10
No. [E-Gold]( was the Napster of digital currency: centralized and vulnerable to seizure. 
Bitcoin is the bit-torrent of digital currency: decentralized and short of shutting down the internet, not vulnerable to seizure.
@_date: 2016-01-17 00:21:53


I'm impressed by the amount of time you spend interfacing with Bitcoin users on reddit, though I wish that your interaction would be less about attacking individuals and more about why Core has chosen to ignore the elephant in the room about the 2MB blocksize consensus.


So instead of working on something that actually adds value to the ecosystem, you've chosen to merge a double-spend tool to subvert 0-confirmation. Your input is not necessary in this case, your action reveals where you stand as far as far the network security goes.
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:19:22
Agreed, a blocksize limit based on moving averages and other algorithmic derivations would be superior to human arbitration.
We already have the coinbase reward automated, we already have the difficulty automated... it's not that far of a stretch to implement automated blocksize based on supply and demand... the only point in which Bitcoin needs human arbitration is the initial parameters set... once that is agreed upon, the system enforces that contract. 
We don't want to enter into another political stalemate when the 20MB limit is reached let alone 1MB.
@_date: 2015-05-29 20:25:07
We cannot let Bitcoin's fate be decided by indecision of a handful of do-nothing bureaucrats while the rest of the industry backed by popular support is clamoring for change... 
Thank you for not letting Bitcoin go the way of the American Congress.
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:02:20
200+ transactions... I'm done.
@_date: 2016-01-17 00:23:15
Hope you are around after the Classical fork.
@_date: 2015-05-31 19:37:57
What is the point of running a full node that cannot support the full set of participants on the Bitcoin network?
Once full, who gets to access the nodes that you and I are running if not you and I because of non-trivial fees?
My take:
@_date: 2015-05-12 02:22:25




Jeez, another mouth breather who thinks the blockchain can work without bitcoin
... same fools are going to be buying one bit to the dollar...
@_date: 2016-01-27 01:00:14
For someone who tends to not use third party controlled highly centralized communications mediums for primary anything, where at all possible, your posting history shows heavy activity on Before you attack me, I'm just pointing out publicly available information here.
@_date: 2015-05-28 07:24:57
Gavin is worth 210 bits as satoshi is worth 0.01 bit... it is simply nomenclature.
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:31:58
You know, in a way, this is a protest against the 1MB blocksize limit...
Already sent 100+ transactions, more incoming...
@_date: 2016-01-17 00:16:54
If you actually put out as much code as you spend time attacking other developers here, on the dev mailing list, and IRC, you would have more commits than Satoshi Nakamoto himself. 
@_date: 2016-01-17 00:10:32


You are mistaken, the Classic development team has members who has supported the system for years, take Gavin and Garzik for example.
The BS development team is free to contribute to Classic. We, the majority fork, will not fire them, it's their choice to voluntarily quit or hop on the bandwagon.
If 75% of the mining power and pretty much all the Western exchanges gets behind this movement, what are you going to do? This is the free market in action.
@_date: 2016-01-18 03:47:54
This needs to be done. +1
@_date: 2016-01-17 00:34:04


That change is effectively rendering all SHA256 ASICs useless. It would be funny if it weren't for the fact that he only made that PR for Classic... in which case he's trolling non-Core implementations and got what he deserved.
@_date: 2015-08-15 18:45:54
I can't help but notice that 9 of out 10 blocksize increase topics are voted to the top. Puppets and trolls from both sides cancelling one another out, what does that tell you about the majority's sentiment?
1. [Multiple polls' results regarding Bitcoin blocksize increase.](
2. [Bitcoin Wallet Software Providers Express Support for Block Size Increase](
3. [List of Bitcoin services that support/oppose increasing max block size](
4. Exchanges that want blocksize increase: Coinbase, BTCChina, Bitfinex, Huobi, OKCoin, Bitstamp
5. [All 5 Chinese mining pools wants to increase the blocksize](
Basically, the entire fucking ecosystem, save for a handful of autistic developers, is screaming for a blockraise... 
Deleting XT-related topics when it's blatantly obvious that anything XT would be upvoted to the frontpage of cannot be considered anything but fear and censorship by the oligarchs that we've fought so hard against in the world of fiat.
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:05:12
Missing the point. 
Supporting XT is a signal that we won't put up with the Core Developers and their obstructionist strategy.
Blockstream is setting up their own control system on top of layer-0, at the expense of starving Bitcoin and the rest of the users out of blockchain access.
The Core Developers, without a doubt, are becoming the same assholes we've fought so hard against in the command-and-control world of fiat. Do not let Bitcoin become this monstrosity.
@_date: 2015-08-15 23:32:41
Combined with the five bullets up there? I doubt it's manipulation.
Occam's razor...
@_date: 2015-08-15 21:34:39
Both sides do it. You cannot be that dense.
So let me ask you this: if both sides can brigade, then shouldn't they cancel each other out?
I guess the tiebreaker here is the free market: that there is a clear and unignorable majority who wants XT and bigger blocksizes to happen. Otherwise, why do you think those topics consistently make the frontpage when not otherwise deleted?
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:51:07
The XT topic has been deleted in I have backed up the deleted topic here for anyone who wants to see the degree of censorship two letters of the alphabet can cause:
@_date: 2015-08-26 22:18:04
"Then re-assess" is a codephrase for keeping Bitcoin's economic development policy under Core developers central control.
you are not fooling anybody.
@_date: 2015-08-10 01:12:24
But the miners can indeed break the network rules if they so want to by hashing majority. The response to that is changing the mining algorithm and give up dSHA2 mining. Think Bitcoin can survive that in the face of Ethereum and other altcoins?
@_date: 2015-08-10 04:07:54
It's easy, slip XT into every single piece of conversation of that you can participate in.
@_date: 2015-08-15 20:05:08
How is it broken and biased? You tell us this but you haven't pointed out how so.
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:39:48
I'm correct in what downvotes are used for in reality: To show dissatisfaction with the subject at hand. Prove me wrong.
You can complain all you want about how it's not following the guideline, but that doesn't change the reality of the free market baby.
@_date: 2015-08-15 20:52:15
No digital signature? No Satoshi!
@_date: 2015-08-13 15:39:04
If the Core Developers have their way with the 1MB blocksize limit, you're going to see systems move over to non-Bitcoin solutions. Think network effect will last us through the retarded fucking fee market when there are other blockchain that will not have any? 
Keep it up Core developers, you really are doing a good job of block streaming Bitcoin, setting it up to become the MySpace of digital currency.
@_date: 2015-08-21 01:29:41
Typical conservative tripe attempting to prevent any blocksize increase.
@_date: 2015-08-09 21:55:57
It is criminally cheap to run duplicate full nodes -- I myself have at least two running at all times. Don't think for one second that the node count is anything but a paper-thin front in the event that a loaded bad actor wanted to set up shop with fake nodes.
Once again, the only thing that actually matters, is the dSHA2 hashpower backing those nodes.
@_date: 2015-08-15 23:12:37
It works for now...
@_date: 2015-08-15 20:48:56
Truth. This man speaks it.
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:25:05
So Gavin basically let what essentially is a prototype of a Buttcoiner have commit access? Big mistake The same guy is declaring in the same heretical tone that Bitcoin cannot scale, and he intends on reinforcing that vision with this cronies in Blockstream.
@_date: 2015-08-09 21:24:06
Nodes can be faked, hashing power is the only thing that cannot be faked. Runtime consensus is the only thing that matters and backed by dSHA2... in which case Bitcoin Core is winning currently.
Question remains: Why do you censor XT code instead of letting the user decide? If it is such an unpopular and controversial implementation, the free market will then downvote it to oblivion. 
Clearly, you are afraid that majority votes does not align with your vision, and therefore you have decided to intervene with the free market, free speech, and ultimately practiced censorship.
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:54:43
keep trying repeatedly. I did and got mine.
@_date: 2015-08-09 20:50:18
The fundamental difference in your opinion vs many is that you think BitcoinXT is not Bitcoin, while the majority of users including myself think that BitcoinXT is a superset of Bitcoin due to the fact that the majority vote with dSHA2 is the only thing that matters.
Why engage in censorship (ban a post to some code) if you believe in an open and permissionless network? It shows you do not believe in an open permissionless network.
If you cannot allow Bitcoin-related code written by Mike Hearn and Gavin Andresen to settle itself on you are enacting a malicious kind of censorship that is arbitrary as well as setting a precedent for suppression of free speech in While I cannot change your mind on this subject, I will continue to promote XT and communication channels that is not @_date: 2015-08-15 22:27:24
The XT topic has been deleted in I have backed up the deleted topic here for anyone who wants to see the degree of censorship two letters of the alphabet can cause:
@_date: 2015-08-15 21:51:31
You are sidestepping my question with excuses, and yet implicitly agreeing with me that most of wants the blocksize raised with XT.
The free market does not care about these values subjectively assigned by Blockstream. The free market are the customers of these so-called industry leader and sooner or later past a critical XT:Core ratio, their ship will steer in the direction of the the free market.
So now what constitute technically minded? I mean, I can code, understand ECC, and understand network propagation, does that not make me technically minded? You are now bringing subjectivity into a topic where the the only resolution is runtime consensus... in which case Core is currently the winner, so what have you got to worry about?
... wait wait wait... I think I know:
1. [Multiple polls' results regarding Bitcoin blocksize increase.](
2. [Bitcoin Wallet Software Providers Express Support for Block Size Increase](
3. [List of Bitcoin services that support/oppose increasing max block size](
4. Exchanges that want blocksize increase: Coinbase, BTCChina, Bitfinex, Huobi, OKCoin, Bitstamp
5. [All 5 Chinese mining pools wants to increase the blocksize](
Basically, the entire fucking ecosystem, save for a handful of autistic developers, is screaming for a blockraise... This is the reality and assigning subjective values to the "danger" of a hard fork will not change the reality of what's coming up next.
@_date: 2015-08-15 20:46:59
Consider the free market:
IF something is popular and enough people agree upon it, it will be upvoted to the frontpage.
IF something is NOT popular and the majority does not support it, it will be buried under a mountain of downvotes and hidden away by obscurity.
The need to remove postings is a sign that they're afraid it'll get upvoted to the top, and hence deleting such things is a clear sign of censorship.
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:05:24
well that settles the debate then
@_date: 2015-08-16 00:55:16
Whatever dude. Is your Asperger acting up again?
Here's the brigade:
1. [Multiple polls' results regarding Bitcoin blocksize increase.](
2. [Bitcoin Wallet Software Providers Express Support for Block Size Increase](
3. [List of Bitcoin services that support/oppose increasing max block size](
4. Exchanges that want blocksize increase: Coinbase, BTCChina, Bitfinex, Huobi, OKCoin, Bitstamp
5. [All 5 Chinese mining pools wants to increase the blocksize](
@_date: 2015-08-15 21:57:35
If that is your prediction, then you've got nothing to worry about... 
Why so worked up about XT if you expect it to fail?
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:31:42
The XT topic has been deleted in I have backed up the deleted topic here for anyone who wants to see the degree of censorship two letters of the alphabet can cause:
@_date: 2015-08-21 01:42:14
In a free market, LN's capitalization should be directly related to the fee efficiency it confers over that of direct on-chain transactions.
If LN proves robust as a micropayment channel, it should be able to grow in a 8MB+ environment.
Any attempts at keeping the 1MB limit, despite the overwhelming consensus to raise it to 8MB, in order to artificially drive a fee market is heretical to the free market.
@_date: 2015-08-31 21:38:55
False analogy.
The exponentially decaying price of SSDs in this case is analogous to the price of the 1000-Lb. hamburger decaying into a handful of dollars in a handful of years... in this case hunger would no longer be an issue.
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:49:40
The XT topic has been deleted in I have backed up the deleted topic here for anyone who wants to see the degree of censorship two letters of the alphabet can cause:
@_date: 2015-08-14 15:56:12
Article headline is misleading. Clickbait. Author is a scam coin supporter.


Dash = Dark coin renamed, a scam coin with at least 10% premine.
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:27:04
The XT topic has been deleted in I have backed up the deleted topic here for anyone who wants to see the degree of censorship two letters of the alphabet can cause:
@_date: 2015-08-15 20:01:00
For what? I don't understand your implication in the question.
@_date: 2015-08-23 17:13:36
You know, these Core developers are just fabricating vague theoretical concern shit up as they go... even when the actual miners practicing in the field tells them that big blocks can be done safely... this is why BIP101 exists... 
No qualitative assertion can be taken seriously without quantitative backing.
All I've been hearing about concerns behind mining centralization due to 8MB+ blocks are these vague theoretical threats and nobody has came up with actual numbers detailing such things.
I mean, it's basic engineering you know... put up the numbers or it just becomes another exercise in theorycrafting.
The Core developers can't seem to wrap their heads around theoretical threats that can be approximated to zero when it comes to applying such things IRL engineering.
@_date: 2015-07-27 19:11:21
Note that Pieter's simulation only used a 2Mbit/sec connection between peers... this is unrepresentative of the broadband internet most miners and node runners have currently. From Pieter Wuille's simulation:




It would help your case if you actually came out with your own numbers instead of accusing Gavin of lying, and given your conflict of interest (RFB)(cough, VIAcoin, cough...), you come across as a real piece of work whom most of us Bitcoiners wouldn't trust with a potato gun.
@_date: 2015-08-16 00:57:29


If that is the case, then by all means continue running Core. I am running XT, and thus the free market will decide the biggest fork.
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:14:18
I'm not understanding your point of view, what is considered drama and what is considered a healthy discussion?
Consider the free market: IF something is popular and enough people agree upon it, it will be upvoted to the frontpage. IF something is NOT popular and the majority does not support it, it will be buried under a mountain of downvotes and hidden away by obscurity. 
So why are you deleting topics instead of letting the free market decide what is worthwhile to discuss and what isn't?
@_date: 2015-07-25 01:08:54
[One of the clearest explanation of Blockstream's corruption from Jstolfi:](








@_date: 2015-07-09 08:27:31
Fuck those Blockstream guys. I invested into Electronic Cash, not some holy ledger that everyone can see but only a few elites can use. 
These Blockstreamers are not visionaries, they are bean counters who thinks the network cannot scale, and worse yet, they are doing everything they can to ensure that outcome. They can burn with Bitcoin Core. 
XT supports my vision of Bitcoin: a large ledger facilitating nearly frictionless movement of electronic cash.
@_date: 2015-07-01 06:43:05
Agreed. Most people including myself who has invested into Bitcoin space read the whitepaper, which is clearly titled "Bitcoin: A P2P **Electronic-Cash** System".
We didn't own bitcoins to get pushed off-chain onto trusted-third parties and non-existent layer-2 services... no, that's a fucking IOU. We didn't own bitcoins to have to auction fees just for a fucking transfer... there's a Western Union where no bidding is required.
Sooner or later, in the midst of a backlog storm, a violent fork will occur and Blockstream will be the first dam to burst. Mark my words.
@_date: 2015-07-30 02:57:49


thinks Bitcoin cannot scale in the same manner that he thinks distributed consensus is impossible!
@_date: 2015-08-23 17:21:02
Do you have actual percentages backing such concern? Because a 0.1% edge is not the same as a 1% edge is not the same as a 10% edge.
No qualitative assertion can be taken seriously without quantitative backing.
All I've been hearing about concerns behind mining centralization due to 8MB+ blocks are these vague theoretical threats and nobody has came up with actual numbers detailing such things.
I mean, it's basic engineering you know... put up the numbers or it just becomes another exercise in theorycrafting.
@_date: 2015-08-15 21:53:50
The explanation is window dressing as long as reality shows otherwise. 
The free market doesn't care about reddiquette, it cares about what happens at runtime and in this case the downvotes are to show dissatisfaction with the subject at hand.
@_date: 2015-07-01 06:43:43
Most people including myself who have invested into Bitcoin space read the whitepaper, which is clearly titled "Bitcoin: A P2P **Electronic-Cash System**".
We didn't own bitcoins to get pushed off-chain onto trusted-third parties and non-existent layer-2 services... no, that's a fucking IOU. We didn't own bitcoins to have to auction fees just for a fucking transfer... there's a Western Union where no bidding is required.
Blockstream is trying to turn Bitcoin into Paypal, Western Union, where the user has to pay third-party fees... but in the case of Western Union and Paypal, the fees are known and your transfer is guaranteed.
Sooner or later, in the midst of a backlog storm, a violent fork will occur and Blockstream will be the first dam to burst. Mark my words.
@_date: 2015-07-12 02:45:41
500 coin cockblock to $300 on Bearstamp.
@_date: 2015-07-12 05:02:55
Rather than belittling someone who pointed out a problem with your usual passive-aggressive tone, you could perhaps consider what he pointed out is a legitimate oversight... to which 21 did respond by upping their max block size:
@_date: 2015-08-16 01:08:44
SMH the debate's already exhausted. There is no consensus. XT is the result. Deal with it.
@_date: 2015-07-01 05:26:32
That list is out of date. It did not include the biggest one: Blockstream.
@_date: 2015-08-15 23:38:42
@_date: 2015-07-12 04:36:09
That got taken out fast.
@_date: 2015-08-15 21:42:34
No? I'm just going by what reality is showing, no more no less.
Downvotes are for whatever the free market uses it for, and in this case it's to show dissatisfaction with the subject at hand.
If not for what I've just described, what is then for?
@_date: 2015-07-01 07:37:21
"Protect" is one of the most reviled word in Bitcoin space. 
The Blockstreamers wants to protect the Bitcoin ecosystem from the free market where miners can choose how many transactions can fit into a block. 
The Blockstreamers wants to protect the Bitcoin ecosystem from centralization, and yet have not come up with anything but vaporware to push us off-chain!
Just like government regulators trying to protect consumers from the Bitcoin bogeyman, Blockstream is trying to protect Bitcoin from the free market. These guys betray the social contract of Satoshi's Electronic-Cash the very moment they decided that a fee market should be developed under their watch so they can siphon off our time and money, and live like parasites off their artificial blockades.
Sooner or later, a violent fork will occur and heads will roll.
@_date: 2015-07-24 18:01:59
Most people including myself who have invested into Bitcoin space read the whitepaper, which is clearly titled "Bitcoin: A **P2P Electronic-Cash System**".
We didn't own bitcoins to get pushed off-chain onto trusted-third parties and non-existent layer-2 services... no, that's a fucking IOU.
@_date: 2015-08-10 06:59:45
Joined and subscribed.
@_date: 2015-07-06 17:38:14
The $10 price drop? That's just the Moonguy reversing mid-orbit to pick up more passengers... he wants as many people aboard the Moonship as possible!
@_date: 2015-07-01 06:27:45
one busybeaverhp
@_date: 2015-07-09 10:01:41
Fuck those Blockstream guys. I invested into Electronic Cash, not some holy ledger that everyone can see but only a few elites can use.
These Blockstreamers are not visionaries, they are bean counters who thinks the network cannot scale, and worse yet, they are doing everything they can to ensure that outcome. They can burn with Bitcoin Core.
XT supports my vision of Bitcoin: a large ledger facilitating nearly frictionless movement of electronic cash. I support that fork.
@_date: 2015-07-03 18:00:09
Digg died during the mass exodus of users to Reddit. 
This Victoria incident is the straw that broke the camel's back as far as management goes, and Reddit will suffer a mass exodus.
If history repeats itself, Reddit will likely die as a result of a mass exodus to Voat. Welcome to the fluid new world of crowdsourcing.
@_date: 2015-07-09 08:10:36
Hey troll, these are the people who wants the blocksize increased:
1. [Multiple polls' results regarding Bitcoin blocksize increase.](
2. [Bitcoin Wallet Software Providers Express Support for Block Size Increase](
3. [List of Bitcoin services that support/oppose increasing max block size](
4. Exchanges that want blocksize increase: Coinbase, BTCChina, Bitfinex, Huobi, OKCoin, Bitstamp
5. [All 5 Chinese mining pools wants to increase the blocksize](
Basically, the entire fucking ecosystem save for a handful of autistic developers is screaming for a blockraise... the only manipulators I see here are those trying to wall us in with an artificial fee market.
@_date: 2015-07-01 06:31:07
I have never, ever, ever seen anything advocating the keeping of the 1MB limit upvoted to the top of It is one indicator of popular support against 1MB, and a nod to Gavin raising the roof.
@_date: 2015-08-15 18:56:38
This. 
History has shown time and again that benevolent dictatorship has always produced superior results compared to ruling by group of oligarchs... the latter being the absolute worst type of dictatorship motivated not by vision nor the well-being of his kingdom, but appeasing his fellow politicians by sacking the treasury of his country and the goodwill of the people.
We are seeing this with Blockstream and how they are deliberately setting up their own control system on top of layer-0, at the expense of starving Bitcoin and the rest of the users out of blockchain access.
The Core Developers, without a doubt, are becoming the same assholes we've fought so hard against in the command-and-control world of fiat. Do not let Bitcoin become this monstrosity.
@_date: 2015-08-06 18:57:11
Relax, I'm here to upvote people of reasons and downvote idiots. Here's an upvote for you.
@_date: 2015-07-01 07:24:36


What? There is certainly no incentive NOW to keep the nodes running now apart from exceptional altruism or profit. There will always be bitcoin holders with a TB+ drive and decent broadband connection who will be motivated by participating in the network's security, this would fall into the profit category.


The nodes will be ran by significant bitcoin holders, payment processor / exchanges, miners, and data centers. The integrity of the nodes will be maintained by those who wishes to see their investment remain true to the social contract of 21 million coins.


The miners will always profit due to Nash's equilibrium. The only consensus that everyone agrees upon is the longest SHA256d hash wins. In a free market, the miners will always choose the blocksize that profits them... unfortunately, the developers are are deathly scared of giving the miners the free market, because that would defang their economic control... truly, it is the developers who are the enemy of the people at this stage, not the miners; they're printing money and couldn't care less.


Why that arbitrary number? What is the equivalence of 56k in 1995 is now 1mbps today. I expect that the equivalence of 1mbps today will be 100mbps in the future. 
@_date: 2015-08-05 17:17:48
What a douchenozzle.
@_date: 2015-07-03 18:58:24
True, but consider that if the unpopular changes in Digg were the cancer, then Reddit was the lethal cocktail that euthanized Digg.
@_date: 2015-08-15 20:43:08
Consider the free market: 
IF something is popular and enough people agree upon it, it will be upvoted to the frontpage. 
IF something is NOT popular and the majority does not support it, it will be buried under a mountain of downvotes and hidden away by obscurity.
The need to remove postings is a clear sign of censorship.
@_date: 2015-07-12 06:17:02
It won't kill Bitcoin, because when there's a big enough backlog, Bitcoin will simply fork out of control.
@_date: 2015-04-12 08:08:41
Would Bitcoin need to work in a trustless manner on the mobile phone? Though not a full node, SPV does a good enough job by just downloading the block headers and is linearly scalable, which would make this aspect trivial because storage density growth over time is exponential.
Would you clarify "scalable"? AFAIK given exponential growth in bandwidth and storage density over time, scalability is relatively trivial.
[According to Gavin Andresen](












@_date: 2015-04-08 00:55:40
give one gavinandresen to for being Gavin Andresen!
@_date: 2015-09-03 00:20:55
You've been reported for including that word in your post as well!
HAW HAW!
@_date: 2015-04-02 20:36:35
Sorry, if I had to correct every incorrect assumptions made by people who don't get bitcoins, I would be seated at my keyboard indefinitely.
In the words of Satoshi: If you don't believe me or don't get it, I don't have time to try to convince you, sorry.
@_date: 2015-04-02 22:01:16
Neither Gemini nor the ETF will start without a finalized regulatory guideline aka Lawsky's bitlicense. Stay tuned.


@_date: 2015-04-06 22:35:37
If nothing else, upvoted for clever title.
@_date: 2015-04-07 18:14:50
one gavinandresen for a bigger blockchain &lt;3
@_date: 2015-04-02 20:28:26












These "not useful" things he listed are actually useful and bitcoin is tailor-made for them. 
In other words: this cretin is wrong.
@_date: 2015-04-03 00:11:32
**PSA: Dash is Darkcoin rebranded. [Don't forget that Darkcoin has a 10% pre-mine](
It's only appropriate that the developers chose to name it Dash, because that's exactly what they're planning when enough suckers buy into the pre-mine.
@_date: 2015-11-29 02:24:01
It's a free market, if you don't like what Bitcoin Core's development is merging, such as RBF and keeping the blocksize small... download a non-Bitcoin Core client, simple as that. 
Vote with your feet people.
@_date: 2015-03-31 01:28:32
All you're giving us is words. Perhaps I didn't ask more clearly: how do you enforce such a fundamental tenet at the protocol level?
@_date: 2015-11-29 02:25:57
It's a free market, if you don't like what Bitcoin Core's development is merging, such as RBF and keeping the blocksize small... download a non-Bitcoin Core client, simple as that.
Vote with your feet people.
@_date: 2015-03-30 19:01:23
You haven't defined what is the minority of the coins. You haven't made an argument to why these founders and investors won't be like NXT and just hold on to their coins.
What you are essentially saying is "*Trust us, we are going to behave logically, and hence altruistically*" when time and again, history has shown that organizations and hence people with power will only behave logically towards a quick exit. Ripple ring a bell?
@_date: 2015-03-29 09:09:01
Bitcoin needs payment reversibility as much as a person needs to defecate out of his/her mouth.
@_date: 2015-03-30 18:47:34
I have an un-addressed concern regarding PoS, and it's not consensus nor any kind of attack vector, it's a question of economic incentives to distribute the coins.
With PoS, coins are created by owning coins. If I owned 51% of the coins, where is the incentivization for me to distribute the coins in a fair manner, instead of sleeping on top of my loot like Smaug while all the suckers spend their money? Over time, I would actually own more of the PoS coin economy by just passively printing money, while everyone else spends it, by virtue of inflation.
This isn't a hypothetical problem, it's real because exchanges essentially are printing their own money with PoS coins in this case. Just-Dice is a pretty good example of this.
In PoW, the miners' hands are forced to give up the coins by means of competition and resource expenditure, thus a good portion of the coinbase reward are sold on the open market and there lies forced incentivization of distribution.
With PoS, what is the incentivization to distribute the coinbase?
The pre-mine in many PoS systems today (I'm looking at you, NXT), is ludicrous and consists of a bunch of early adopters hustling unwitting newcomers into accepting Bitcoin 2.0. Printing money with zero work is no better than the Federal Reserve we strive to avoid.
@_date: 2015-03-23 21:51:24


I stopped reading right there.
@_date: 2015-10-05 17:35:11
Remember the [5th of November](
@_date: 2015-03-30 19:03:47
"*Trust us.*" /s
@_date: 2015-03-03 00:37:23
one busybeaverhp
@_date: 2015-03-30 19:05:08
Can you define how your implementation of PoS is a smarter distribution mechanism than all the past attempts?
@_date: 2015-03-29 00:08:06


As a frequent customer to several bitcoin-accepting merchants, I can confirm that. 
If a busy merchant were to accept 0-confirmation under RBF. There is nothing stopping me from sneaking in a double spend and walk out with my double-latte while he/she serves the next customer.
The people supporting RBF fails to account for the far future when fees exceed the coinbase reward. The incentive to exploit RBF via collusion undermines the transactional irreversibility Bitcoin offers and cannot be a good thing.


Peter Todd's response, buried under a mountain of downvotes, seems to imply this... seen below.


Dafuq... Dell, NewEgg, Overstock, Rakuten, Dark Net Market? This guy has no business in bitcoin if he thinks this.
I personally think that as Chief Scientist of VIACoin, Peter is pushing an agenda at the expense of Bitcoin. He literally is a concern troll undermining the progress of Bitcoin.
I'm glad he isn't allowed to push code on GitHub. I've watched his section in the last MIT conference and he comes across as a fear-mongering prima donna. Every problem that this guy fingers, he proposes inferior solutions that creates more problems, treechains? Opposition to blocksize increase? Does that ring a bell?
@_date: 2015-03-07 22:28:58
Can haz I?
@_date: 2015-03-24 23:28:41
Addressing your concern about the scalability of the blockchain is Gavin's article from October 2014:
[A Scalability Roadmap](










@_date: 2015-03-23 21:56:52
The author is a well-known Bitcoin skeptic whose previous article predicted [Mt. Gox Meltdown Spells Doom for Bitcoin](
I just submitted aforementioned article to Bitcoin Obituary :)
EDIT: It became the 51st accepted Bitcoin obituary!
@_date: 2015-10-05 18:31:00
Remember the [5th of November](
Ingenious. Noted.
@_date: 2015-03-13 06:24:24
One Bitcoin blockchain enforcing innumerable sidechains will become the Internet of All Things.
@_date: 2015-03-30 19:52:43


Agreed. Another avenue of cornering the market is to simply set up an exchange and print your own PoS money. You don't have to purchase the PoS coins... your customers do that for you!
@_date: 2015-03-29 00:34:00
Peter Todd, Chief Scientist of VIACoin, has an agenda to push. Should anyone be surprised by this prima donna anymore?
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:58:43
Looking at posting history, it's littered with comments shitting on bitcoin. It's definitely a troll account.
@_date: 2015-02-19 23:32:21
@_date: 2015-02-21 04:03:26
Autistic much?
@_date: 2015-02-08 06:10:28
I also find that annoying as well. When two people agree on a transactional instrument, that instrument then is a currency by definition, whether that be gold, dollars, bitcoins--or my left sock.
Additionally, people lacking critical thought processes resort to either-or dichotomy when really... it's all of the above. Bitcoin is all-encompassing as a platform, currency, and store of value.
@_date: 2015-02-10 04:57:20
Looking at posting history, it's littered with comments shitting on bitcoin. It's definitely a troll account.