@_author: buuuuuuuuuuuuuyyyy
@_date: 2016-04-27 14:01:54
Well after it goes up for awhile the traders checkout the MacD and stochi rsi and buy signals and sell signals start to line up and people make trades on different time frames. a couple sell signals happened and some people started to "short". also when people start to sell a bunch it sets off alot of other peoples stop loss orders. which means their orders automatically sell when the price goes down past a certain point. So when lots of people have stop losses in place you can see a cascading effect that sometimes causes the price to come down and trigger other peoples stoplosses and has a bit of a cascading effect. at the bottom of some of these candles is a great time to buy back in. depending on what the charts have to say.
I see people asking why the price goes up or down on r/bitcoin and usually you can see it in the charts that there are strong buy and sell signals that naturally occur all the time. but I usually see people trying to attribute it to any number of things like a recent article or the phase of the moon or because of whatever.   also bitcoin and commodities like gas are inversely related to the us dollar or ruble or cny or whatever fiat. so for instance when the usd got stronger while the ruble crashed during the crimea thing you could see it in the charts.  I heard that Moodies financial service was supposed to downgrade a bunch of companies may 30th. and this could cause the dollar to weaken and bitcoin and gas prices could go up compared to the US Dollar. Just putting that out there. check out the US dollar index because it directly effects the price.
The price often follows patterns, periods of consolidation and whenit gets to the end of the consolidation pattern and the price comes to a point of certainty. Then it can "break out" and the price moves Up or down into and area of uncertainty and moves into another consolidation phase.  its really interesting. and I am not an expert at all at these things but I think these things are interesting. I've been watching the bitcoin charts for a year or two now. 