@_author: buybitcoins1
@_date: 2014-02-01 03:58:55
Nassim Taleb, one of the greatest thinkers of our time, commented that bitcoin needs a few major nations to ban it for it to truly succeed.  I don't totally agree with that, but I appreciate the sentiment.  
A nation banning it will not likely slow it down in the long term, but rather validate its true power and potential.  Sure, a major nation banning / heavily regulating it, would slow it down in the short term.  But only a few could really affect its price that much in the short term:  US, China, Germany, coordinated action in the EU, and I think that is about it. Possibly Argentina cracking down could affect it, but they are already trying to ban it so it would have to be a pretty draconian crackdown. 
You should really watch or read the senate hearings on C-SPAN to get a view of the federal government's current view / likely positions.  The Secret Service and FinCEN are definitely closely watching it, they are not just letting the states do whatever--but its pretty clear they have OK'd it.  IMHO, they probably realize its best to let bitcoin survive, as it has a public blockchain that should help to catch terrorists / the bad guys.  It is better than banning it and then the community may move on to a more resilient / anonymous cryptocurrency. 
EDIT:  Link to c-span video:
@_date: 2014-02-01 03:36:58
The recent NY ones are relevant, but the senate committee ones earlier this year were much more important.  In them FinCEN and the Secret Service both explicitly said that organized crime (the kind that the state really worries about) are not using bitcoin and instead prefer working with centralized e-currencies.  They prefer the centralized ones that will work with them and that they can maintain control over.
If the federal government allows it, what NY does is somewhat irrelevant.  If NY decides to take an anti-bitcoin stance then some other city / state will become the hub of bitcoin activity (likely a city in cali, chicago, seattle, denver, whatever).  
Also although all ASICs are high risk, they are also likely bad investments when compared to just buying bitcoin.
The problem with other altcoins is that nothing yet is offering a real advantage over bitcoin.  Bitcoin has a massive advantage due to first mover and the network effect.  Sure some might offer really impressive returns, but I think bitcoin is likely to win in the long run.
@_date: 2014-02-01 03:48:12
buying --&gt; price increase --&gt; media attention --&gt; more people learn about bitcoin --&gt; more buying --&gt; price increase, etc.  
A positive feedback loop.  Problem with the current bitcoin security market is that it is full of scams.  Most are very young and not yet proven.  The only possibly viable one is ASICMiner, but it is still very high risk.
@_date: 2014-02-01 03:13:13
Yes definitely just buy bitcoins if you are thinking 3-5+ years.  All ASICs are too high risk.  The only one that might be worth it is if ASICMiner's chip specs turn out to be legit.  Then they will likely be the most efficient for some time.
Alt coins are pretty high risk and may very well be a fad.  Most mainstream people are still wrapping their heads around bitcoin.  The price increases are driven by other speculators thinking that "bitcoin looks expensive."  I think it is likely they are just fads.
Too be clear though, bitcoin is still high risk, but much less risky than it was just 3 months ago (due to recent evolutions in US regulation).
@_date: 2014-02-01 05:07:58
If he has a perfect rep with good volume I wouldn't be too concerned.  Obviously he can't send you them if hes not online.  I would just relax and wait.  Not much you can do anyway.