@_author: buybitcoinsites_com
@_date: 2017-12-08 05:53:14
not at all, but that is a typical response. i should probably stop making my thoughts public now..... lol 
@_date: 2017-12-08 05:57:26
but thoughts do become memories and in this case the memories/thoughts were made prior to its creation (that's how i see it) thanks for actually adding an opinion unlike the "are you high guy" lol 
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:14:30
believe me to take what you said personal would be counter productive, i actually take it as reinforcement. I, in no way shape or form was looking to have a conversation with anyone that requires proof on the topic ( though i would have that conversation it is not necessarily what i was looking for). My intentions were to learn not teach, I do not have time for someone to read MIT research papers, scour through clinical documents on neural networks and autobiographical memory, genetic amnesia, or the thousands of documents needed to bring someone up to speed in order to have a legitimate intellectual conversation on the subject. you sound as though you do indeed have an understanding of the point i was trying to bring up.
I do not quantify intelligence based on a scale that represents the deviation of an individual from what the majority of their peers are ( especially considering most are biased to Americans that speak English, not to mention a tendency to worship etymologists ( i am slightly exaggerating there lol )
this was somewhat of a snide remark but  said in truth not in an attempt to downplay your intelligence. creativity and the ability to abstractly connect seemingly unconnected points ( regardless if that point is an idea or a fact) is my personal way to measure intelligence and unfortunately, much like art tends to force an individual to objectively judge a subjective concept like trying to tell me blue is better than red. in the end i don't let "my intelligence"dictate whether or not i listen to someone until i have judged for myself if it is worth hearing. 
now i simply wanted to ask if anyone felt the same as i did in order to share views on the subject, would you like to message me and maybe we can both learn something new? 
by the way dice games are event based probability in which the algorithm ( depending on the bot some are more efficient than others and some tend to cheat) learns and often just creates the most effective pattern to take your money if i switch my bet 12 out of 12 times after losing then not switching the bet after losing will likely be beneficial to me in a dice game, especially if i bet 100 times the normal amount for that bet, don't you think ? as for what they actually  solve when i win 75 times in a row i really don't know that's not for me to hash out.
I will be the first to say that I know enough to know that i Know nothing.
@_date: 2017-05-10 19:07:01
BitCoin will not stop rising !!! supply and demand dictates that as demand goes up price goes up. supply increases price goes down. 
difference is demand does not go down with bitcoin. you get paid to make it. as supply is increased demand has to be increased because of the mining pool mechanics. block production difficulty increases as supply increases. value of bitcoin decreases at set intervals. After value of newly produced bitcoin is decreased the exchange value is forced to increase due to production requiring more resources, this decrease in production coupled with a decrease in value (it costs more to make less after btc payouts are halved) creates an increased value . to the liquid btc market. (btc prices rise as supply stays relatively low.) this increases the incentive to create new btc to sell/trade on the open market. cost to buy existing btc exceeds the cost to produce. as block production increases the price of bitcoin falls (eventually the cost to produce exceeds the cost to buy existing BTC) and buying BTC once again is more profitable to buy than to make. ( price per BTC rises and Spikes in Value occur. demand once again skyrockets. ) BTC production Rewards are halved again and the cycle is repeated. 
Simlple version.... Btc mining and btc trading automatically correct the supply and demand relationships of each other allowing for an unlimmited supply Of Bitcoin to be gradually introduced into the market without ever being deflated. Bitcoin is free money. if What i said is correct BTC will rise in value for 20+ years until the Production rewards have been halved to near zero . will you keep your us currency if btc rises in value for another 5 years straight ? 10? 20? didnt think so .... Bitcoin is not an investment it is a replacement.... to all currencies. All usd debts will be worthless. all us offmarket money will be worthless. the world is going to redistribute the wealth and fix the 1% hold 99% of all wealth gap. 
oh and bitcoin will also Catapult Free renewable self sustaining energy . 90% bitcoin production costs are from energy. as profit decreases the incentive for free energy grows. 
world hunger will end. 3rd world countries can produce bitcoin at the same rate as any country can. meaning Ethiopia could increase it average wages per person 1000% 
human trafficing will end. every transaction is digitally marked. with your information. illegal activities on a large scale will end completely. 
what happens if your individual marker is shut off and you can't use any form of money sinceall physical forms have bee devalued and traded in ? be good or you are cut off. 
only downfall is that everyone in the world is susceptible to these actions. be good or your cut off. for anyone who likes theories messageme and i will send a link to an article that was produced nearly 20 years ago predicting this exact occurrence. as well as a very  odd bit of information that may be a clue to just who really is behind all of this. you will be surprised.  
@_date: 2017-05-10 22:32:26
yeah well it got your attention so i think that it was well placed naivety, for the sake of appearance i felt it would be better than writing " rid the world of the overwhelming amount of; for profit crimes that have plagued it in the past 50 years" next time that i post i will just assume that people want to see the story in the headline,the body is actually meant to be used for a concise and attention grabbing teaser of what was in the header. 
@_date: 2017-07-27 01:46:45
ethereum made one mistake, talking about its future contributions before people could fully perceive them. for anyone that believes ethereum is undervalued it is my opinion you cannot comprehend abstract ideas or conceptualize what ehtereum and blockchain technology actually is. 
cryptocurrencies as a digital asset are cool, fun to play with and not typically a bad investment as they are based off the value of bitcoin.
bitcoin as a form of currency has its place and will more than likely ( by means of Litecoin ) aquire a 50 billion dollar market share of cross border money transfer services current rates require 10%+ of the sent value. litecoin does this for about 1%-10% of that. (0.01%-1% and in actuality less in most cases ) divide 84 million coins (max available at production end) by 500 billion (yearly cross border money transfers) roughly $4500 per coin is the minimum value of each coin to cover just one year of money transfers. rest assured it will be higher. 
ethereum is efficiency , it is balance, equality, cooperation, innovation, security, and accountability. Ethereum is progress in the name of the greater good of all mankind not just the elite. Ethereum is a social Democracy
all of this sounds nice .... which is what Ethereum promises. people need proof before investing. and that is why you will be just a moment to late. because once it's a sure thing  everyone will be investing.
blockchain technology is the real use of digital assets. imagine the following, all media content can be easily published on the blockchain providing two advantages, instant alert to its previous creation if applicable (through the entire database being accessible for instant search and comparison of all published media ) instant encryption ensuring piracy is lessened ( future application software will not be downloadable its code will exist in the ethereum "cloud based" network) the media can be viewed, shared, or done with as is desired, but only to the limits permitted by its creator and only when accessed through a supported ethereum network affiliate using ethereums "Token" to powe rthe software allowing the creator of the content to share their creation. furthermore the creator is capable of issuing their own proprietary tokens that allow them to essentially grant access to their creation to anyone in posession of their "token" 
The reason that you cannot comprehend Ethereum is the same reason your parents dont understand bitcoin, why your grandma will never comprehend the internet, why her mother doubted electricity, and her mother didnt see how coal could move a 50 ton train. that reason ? you are all just one generation behind in respect to grasping the concept, for which you have nothing to base its technology off of Ethereum is the next step in innovation. we all wondered what form the next leap in progress would take every great leap in technology is not recognized immediately but when initiated they cannot be stopped. the chain cannot be stopped it just moves forward. building on every advancement that comes before it. 
whatare these apps ?.....
medical information will be on ethereum network.... the entire medical database of the world will be connected. acting as a living network updated instantaneously patients symptoms will have quantifiable values, vital statistics will be available for every patient that has ever had the symptoms that any given patient comes in with. by inputting the data of a patient the network uses event related probability to calculate a given set of all possible cases where the data matched with other patients ( millions of variables are considered in an instant.) to diagnose and treat patients according to the most succesful course of action as time goes on after years of trial and error the data will eventually reach a near 100% success rate. faster than we ever thought possible. 
Television. cable will end see my remaining thoughts down below for why. netflix style content will replace it. tokens will be distributed. by movie producers meaning a handful of affiliates have access to the rights to distribute them. and netflix will require you to buy its token to have access.
pandora style radio tokens
gps tokens, 
but why ?
by making specific tokens account for specific services we can prevent inflation. we also give a value to our money supply. remember when we had money backed by gold ? a dollar could be exchanged for its value in gold. well thats your answer. we have returned to a barter system where i can trade my own services for your services or a future promise that you can at any time redeem said token for my service, or trade for other services. ultimately our money can be thought of as bitcoin and the gold is all other coins. fiat or at least a hard money currency will always exist although two things will occur because of that. people will not be as likely to keep large amounts of money outside of the system as it will depreciate. in most cases over long periods of time. take 10 dollars out for a year and when you come back to buy the equivelent in bitcoin you will likely receive less than if it stayd in the system. where as hard currency versions of bitcoin will retain their value. that theory should hold until  2041 when all coins have been mined and by that time i would bet everyone has jumpedon board. and global currencies will have traded in their fiatmoney to make huge gains from the appreciation of bitcoin integration. i believe bitcoin will be more than an investment it is a replacement as well as a return to the gold standard. 
if my outlook holds true then wewill all get an identity token. with that token you can vote on everything from what to spend the pto funds on to what roads need to be built in your city to whether that 150 million dollars should go towards researching the effects of mustard gas on purple monkeys or if it might be better served providing 2 and a half million children with water that hasnt been filled with biological waste. or maybe to give power to 20 million human beings that have lived their entire life without it. 
we will have a global currency (bitcoin) and all goods and services will add to its overall marketcap. one services sucess adds to the value of all services. if you do roofing in the the summer your toens will be more valuable. if people cant afford your service then they can contribute to the mining of that service if you allow it. if yoou want to support a cause like funding research on autism then you can go and buy their coin. their service is to find a cure and if its important to people then they will continue to do so. if it is meaningless we as a society will not buy their coin and they will have to find a new job, or keep it as a hobby. either way its not up to a group of people that find it unnecessary it is the decision of the entire world as a collective entity. 
many will read what i am about to say and it will cause everything i have said to be no longer looked at as credible. for this i am sorry that you are unable to think of anyone in this world but yourself, and it is people like you that have brought us to this point. socialism always failed in the worlds eyes as did communism. on paper the greatest civilization and its structure are ones in which people work together and do not worry about accumulating wealth in order to live in excess. the wealth is distributed equally, some positions which are harder to fill or require more skills will in the end offer higher pay for their tokens but only because there will be a supply and demand effect created due to its nature of less people being capable of supplying that service/good. on the flip side i believe that by the same token certain positions will ultimately demand a far higher pay. do you want to clean shit out of a porta potty ? probably not so when you need someone else to do it guess what you are going to pay that guy/girl exactly what it costs to have someone do it or you can do it yourself either way supply and demand dictates the value and the most agreed upon value between the provider and the consumer will prevail.
@_date: 2017-05-10 21:06:36
i just made my account a few hours ago and all of a sudden i look at this post and it says i haave been a redditor for 5 days ???? is that normal ? 
@_date: 2017-05-10 21:16:39
ha there was a 1999 article printed in the news paper about a man that had a working self sustained car  that ran on water. the newspaper article said it would be released as a prototype less than a year from the dateof publication. it was never seen again.
patents get bought and shelved. but companies will use them to make money believe me. that patent is now valuable to someone. bitcoin without elecric costs would be free money. oil companies would pick now to switch over. they make more than they can with oil with no cost bitcoin mining.
i already have a short term way to create free energy for bitcoin mining. using already developed technology
its actually just a simple concept to have energy made at no cost or at least an incentive based solution. 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:22:50
Hahahahaha the discussion got heated between the OP and a moderator the guy seems legit on what he has to say. Apparently he wants to release the information on their forum and they are basically telling him that he is not allowed 
@_date: 2017-06-22 14:57:23
R and d as well as initial purchases, when it first started and it had a value who was it that bought bitcoin? even at 0.01 or $1.00 people were buying and selling bitcoin in large quantities. With no real application or use. Simply speculation. It is my belief that bitcoin is the backbone of the new project they are working on. 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:41:24
Reposted for some reason I messed it up lol 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:42:03
Reposted with the link 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:41:27
Reposted for some reason I messed it up lol 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:41:14
Reposted for some reason I messed it up lol 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:41:26
Reposted for some reason I messed it up lol 
@_date: 2017-06-22 06:39:05
Well I know who he is already and that is somewhat correct. He managed investment portfolios, I believe that is how he came upon the money to back bitcoin. He was aquainted with some very rich individuals and They are the "SatoshI nakamoto". i am fascinated with bitcoin it's such a wonderful idea, in the coming years it will undoubtedly change the world. Hopefully it is built in order to help the world rather than harm it. Tesla had some interesting ideas that if one speculates could very easily be implemented into bitcoin like systems. There are so many ideas that require large scale acceptance and implementation in order to succeed. Many times a great idea simply fails because it's to hard to get everyone in the world involved in a quick enough fashion. P2p networks the size of bitcoin's could allow for many previously impossible ideas to be given a chance at success. Especially if a unified device in every home were made a reality. If enough people believe in and support bitcoin then the rest of the world will eventually be forced to accept it as well. think of the internet, not everyone recognized or supported it in the beginning but eventually it had to be acknowledged and is now a necessity in nearly every aspect of our daily lives.... And it will always be that way.... That is Until something better comes along. 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:42:05
Reposted with the link 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:41:35
Reposted for some reason I messed it up lol 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:41:16
Reposted for some reason I messed it up lol 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:41:05
Reposted for some reason I messed it up lol 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:41:34
Reposted for some reason I messed it up lol 
@_date: 2017-06-18 01:41:26
Reposted for some reason I messed it up lol 