@_author: buyersbitware
@_date: 2013-11-25 08:58:31
Lamassu has legality issues as far as I know.
@_date: 2013-11-25 08:31:31
The machine is over $20K. You need a minimum $100K in a Bitstamp account to frugally provide BTC for it. Legal and various other costs are now included in these numbers. 
ATM machines including the one they are buying cost around $5K. All costs are due within 10 days and after recoup of the machine, not investment, they take a royalty on total revenue of %50. This is significantly different than a few months ago of a steep (but manageable) %2.5 on transaction.
Not supporting this company is a service to the bitcoin comminuty and potential customers.
@_date: 2013-11-25 09:25:37
Do you feel 30% until hardware cost is met and then 50% indefinitely is fair? Have you created or looked at real operational costs? You answered yes I'm sure, have you created or looked at real operational costs outside of Canada's first location and premier marketing?
At the very least, and still ridiculous, why would you take it off the top and not bottom? You should have stuck to the 2.5% on transaction because 50% of anything is a huge red flag and, to be honest, quite disrespectful.
*Regardless, I don't really care. I want future buyers to really look and consider the full spectrum of costs. I'm out.*
@_date: 2013-11-25 09:42:01
Disingenuous. Dishonest about the opportunity probability, costs, and likely profit.
If a person pays BTC then they expect to return the original BTC + profit over the operational life of the ATM. Given the unknown in price, giving away BTC becomes an opportunity cost as well. They can market the prime-time results of Canada's first ATM all they want, but what they are advertising to us is a dishonest expectation of the likely outcome for a potential buyer.
I'm glad we are capable of creating our own forecasts. It can look like a slam dunk business opportunity and quickly turn ugly.
@_date: 2013-11-25 08:28:16
Not even that. The cost is ~300-400k to responsibly launch this with all legal requirements, the difficult bank partnerships, and required cash on hard for volume (they do not do the trade as would be expected with this price). This is still low due to volume and you need at least one person full-time and relations with the bitcoin liquidity providers.
Robocoin gives you all and every risk, has the ability to change all terms of the deal, and graciously gives you a profit share of 50:50 for maintenance they later describe as a 1 year warranty, which you provide most cost, and &gt;$1k cost per 12 months.
They are taking advantage this community. The business model has changed at least once since I was first interested in helping invest in this venture. At first it was a 2.5% fee per transaction which was still steep but would be profitable.
This is not an ATM company in any regard, do research on what ATM company networks are like. To run this, I would need to *offer* you all an 8% fee to assuredly recoup on all of our BTC costs and expect highly diminishing use and return. They are salesmen that cross on moral issues. Greed is all I can say in regard to the risk this model puts people in.
Me, us, and others not accepting these terms is an action to safeguard ourselves, not be required to charge an excessive see to new and currenct bitcoins users, and is now a moral stance and issue for all of us.
@_date: 2013-11-25 08:59:56
This contract does not represent the business model, hurdles, diminishing reterns from competition, and various other hard costs.
They take 50% off the top and let you incur all responsibility, which they can change, and costs.
@_date: 2013-11-25 08:55:14
The first ATM was a unique opportunity from the original fees / business arrangement, media exposure, bitcoin price influx, and various other attributes.
Given the risk of price and currency, requirement of investment capital on Bitstamp, and dedication to provide a fair fee and be profitable, this is not a deal me or our various partners are willing to continue to pursue.
I hope you reconsider your participation in the community, business, and interpretation of what is a fair arrangement. I have managed dozens of ATM machines. This, even as a unique opportunity, does not balance risk, diminishing return / interest / competition, and places all liability and cost on your customer.
@_date: 2013-11-25 08:40:44
The product is an ATM machine you are purchasing with new software, I assume, you personally developed. Your company explicitly provides very little value proposition besides abusive fees for recoupment and a perpetual %50 fee on revenue. This is mentioned in the terms with your best interests put first in every section and matter. 
You also charge for the things your company says are generally covered, such as, maintenance and service. We even have to manage the market side and you willfully forgo offering economies of scale in this regard.
This is not standard. I know ATM networks, and although this is a unique proposition, you should feel moral accountability for the proposition of liquidity risk a company needs to deliver to see profit. This is also not a location issue as is common in ATMs.
Just do the right thing, which was closer to your original business model. Your operations express that you do not believe in the long-term success of bitcoin and/or the product you are providing.
@_date: 2013-11-25 03:33:30
We created a very detailed financial analysis and this structure, with the large risk variables, and the opportunity cost of bitcoin, makes this a very unwise investment. I feel really bad for the excited new owners and all of the additional requirements on their end from legal, reporting, and security they may not have taken into account.
You are giving them bitcoin upfront for a revenue share that will likely not recoup back to the original amount without operating at very high currency risk and gauging the first year customers.
@_date: 2013-11-25 09:09:46
The trend in US ATM machines are free, but US ATM machines are known to see $100 to $1000 income per month based on location. This is why you see them everywhere.
They are very easy to launch with low initial cost. The parent company or network provider typically covers most intiialy cost because they understandthe value you provide by finding and manging a location.
@_date: 2013-11-25 03:15:17
Truly disappointed in them and we've wasted a lot of time.
@_date: 2013-11-25 09:31:34
High volume market we're talking here. I'm sure all of these potential ATM buyers are looking at huge visitation forecasts.
I appreciate your input but I have a lot of experience in these deals and, although you can vastly increase your risk to see profit, this entire model is not a partnership and is focused on their personally immediate income and growth.