@_author: buzznucleus
@_date: 2017-12-31 07:37:11
There was a 90% consensus among a few miners and companies. It certainly wasn't the community consensus -- and incidentally, that's why the fork didn't happen. I was running a NO2X node and so were many other people.
Look, I get it: you want Bitcoin to do whatever **you** want it to do, and you also want its name, price, ticker and adoption. Unfortunately it doesn't work that way. You need consensus to implement changes. If you don't want to acquire the consensus, you're free to create your own fork (which is what BCH correctly did).
@_date: 2017-12-31 07:31:46
Hey, leave him alone. He's an expert and very smart, and probably has a degree in economics. He understands that Bitcoin is tulips. 
Have some respect for the resident expert.
@_date: 2017-12-31 07:20:00
Ok. BlockstreamAXAIlluminatiBilderberg control Bitcoin. Got it.
You are recommended to use BCH since it seems to be doing what you want. [It's right this way]( so go ahead and use it. You're invited to dump all your BTC for BCH. No one cares.
@_date: 2017-12-31 07:09:50
Your understanding of the issue seems very simplistic and naive.
It's been proven time and time again that large blocks would cause a geographic centralization around whatever physical area most miners are based in due to high block propagation times and ridiculous orphan rates. As of now, that centralization would occur in and around China. The people claiming that gigabyte blocks are safe are conveniently ignoring this argument.
Furthermore, Bitcoin is a decentralized system and any contentious fork will result in the creation of another coin. The [8mb fork you're looking for has already happened]( I recommend that you go ahead and use it if Bitcoin isn't to your liking.
@_date: 2017-12-31 07:27:47
I mean I don't get it. BCH already seems to be doing whatever you want it to do. It's the solution to all your problems.
Why are you still here? We don't consent to the changes you propose. The portion of the community (around 10%) that wanted the changes you propose has decided to create BCH. Since your desires are aligned with what BCH proposes, why not just focus on building and growing BCH? Why are you still here, trying to push the changes that we don't want? Do you believe in dictatorship or do you believe that people should go their own peaceful ways if they disagree? The fork has already happened, go ahead and use it.
I really don't understand what your agenda is.