@_author: bvknight
@_date: 2016-04-18 17:14:32
Great answer! I am full of questions, so I hope you don't mind if I ask a followup. No worries if you don't have time to answer.
If the protocol HADN'T included the ability to add funds to an address, how would anyone have been able to receive bitcoins? Right now you have to create or use your own address and provide that to anyone who wants to send you bitcoins. I don't know what the system would have been like if instead you had to somehow hand over control of an address in order to transfer funds.




Unless I'm missing something, this doesn't really solve the problem of "the fastest miner wins." Even if two miners are working on slightly different blocks because their own output address changes the content, they may be pursuing different targets but their own hash power remains the same. So the faster one will reach his target first, and if he can complete and broadcast his block sooner than the other, the network is more likely to accept his block as the  next one in the chain, right? Which means that the block which the slower miner was working on is now worthless, since it won't be accepted by the network. If this happens repeatedly, how does anyone besides the fastest miner ever get a reward? Or is it just when they get lucky due to RNG?
@_date: 2016-04-18 15:33:09
Thanks for your reply! I got two answers to my question, and I had both of them in mind for [this response.](
@_date: 2016-04-14 18:57:45
How would multiple currencies benefit the end user? Like any trade system, wouldn't it depend on you being able to find someone willing to trade what you want for what you've got? The advantage of a unified currency makes this problem much easier to tackle.
@_date: 2016-04-18 15:29:35
Thanks for the answer. 
First. I've heard the cash analogy for bitcoin, but I guess I still don't understand why those same rules apply to a digital currency. The answer may very well be "because the creator decided to apply those rules," but there are a few pieces of the concept that still don't make sense to me. For example,
* If the contents of each bitcoin address exists as an individual electronic token (like a coin), so that it has to be spent in entirety, then why can funds be added to an address instead of always creating a new one?
* I guess I understand that the blockchain transaction itself has to be the mechanism which splits up and reassigns values, otherwise  the information wouldn't be recorded in the public ledger. But why does this mechanism HAVE to take the form of wholesale transfers and new address creation, rather than "address A is now worth this new amount X, and address B is now worth new amount Y"?
Second. I think I may not grasp this issue due to my lack of understanding of the blockchain itself. My current belief is that each few minutes, all of the transactions that have been received by nodes on the network are compiled into a block, which miners are then doing the work of computing. Whoever computes the block first, and provides proof-of-work, gets the reward and the block is added to the blockchain. Since the block contains the same transactions, are not all miners working on the same block at the same time? And if they are, then wouldn't my original question stand: what's to stop the fastest miner from ALWAYS taking the reward?
@_date: 2016-04-18 14:11:52
Why does a bitcoin transaction from a single input have to send the whole sum of the address contents? Why can't it do a partial send, instead of needing change?
If the block reward goes to the first person to solve a block, and everyone else working on the same block doesn't get anything, what mechanism prevents everyone from working on the same block at the same time, and only the fastest (most computer power) miner always getting the reward?