@_author: bwa_aptos
@_date: 2017-12-17 17:19:23
My considered advice to fund recipients is to hodl the Bitcoin; don't sell your Bitcoin; keep it held as Bitcoin (in safe wallets held by you with your good management).  Spend it an equal % per year equal to your time horizon for your charity.  Such as, if it will take 40 years to bring desalinated drinking water using slant wells and solar panels to all of Africa, then only spend 2.5% of your Bitcoin per year.  The reason is, the Bitcoin will go up in value, so each year, you can grow along with your Bitcoin.
If you sell all your Bitcoin now, you will miss out on BILLIONS OF DOLLARS for your charity.  DON'T BE STUPID!  Hold and spend the Bitcoin a little at a time equal to your time horizon.
Get multiple good wallets and good wallet management.  Use only cold storage with multiple locations and multiple signers.  DO NOT BE STUPID!  This requires good conservative management with good conservative experienced programmers, logicians and accountants, which ought to be in ample supply in your charity already if it means to do any good (well, the way I see the world).  If not ... I don't know how to find them, but don't take the first thief off the streets, or the first thief out of the silk gowns.
Remember:  Bitcoin will drop many times.  Look at the 9 year chart for Bitcoin price.  Zoom out, then zoom in, then zoom out.  OK?  Your job is to hold during drops, not to sell.  In fact, your job is to do nothing.
Have multiple wallets.  Some wallets are holding wallets and some are spending wallets.  Only move the correct % in the correct period to the spending wallets; that is, once per year, move 2% or whatever of your Bitcoin into the spending wallets.
@_date: 2018-10-21 19:27:08
Coinomi supports it!
Downloads:  [ (has iPhone and Android)
iPhone:  [
I found this information from the current list of wallets supporting it at:  [
Also of note to me are:  Samourai Alpha 3:  [ (has Android), and Wasabi Wallet, for desktop, since to me they are new in that list.  I already knew of Electrum (for desktop), and Bitcoin Core (for desktop and server).
Are there any comments on the security of these wallets?  I tried Coinomi, and it has FABULOUS Bech32 support on iPhone from all appearances.  I just sent a small amount of coin to it using Bech32 direct from my Lightning Network node via Bitcoin using its default Bech32 address, and so far it worked flawlessly, with the unconfirmed transaction showing up immediately, and when it got confirmed, everything looks great.  It shows:
`October 21, 2018, 12:26`
`3 confirmations`
`0.03423217BTC 223.04USD`
`bc1qt kapc ch9k 0592 ya55 scpd mjra hg4u v5tk 4thnc`
`Transaction ID`
It easily shows up in explorers that support BECH32:  [
I then successfully sent Bitcoin back to my LN node via Bitcoin.
Also, somewhat but not direclty related, Zap app on iPhone allows Lightning Network transactions direct on iPhone; I've tested the iPhone app (currently in Beta in TestFlight), and it works great (I've paid my phone bills with it)!  Link:  [  Its backend, LND, supports BECH32 fully (and has since before its first Mainnet release, as all Lightning Network nodes have).  I don't have time to see how related that is, since I think ZAP only supports LN for now.
The day that anything relevent supports Bech32 is fast approaching.  When hardware wallets such as Ledger &amp; Trezor finally catch up, it's over for non-Bech32 except for those wilting into the background, and ATMs, which will find themselves banging on doors of obscolesence if they refuse to support it.
Update:  I just paid my phone bill again after all this with Zap Lightning Network Wallet after sending those above coins back to my LND Lightning Network node via Bitrefill.Com!
@_date: 2017-08-17 04:48:08
Come clean and explain to them that it is likely worth $0, or it could be worth $4 million, if they're lucky, but you'd need to do the computer part to figure it out.  Tell them don't tell anybody and just leave it someplace safe and you'll figure it out later.  Tell them it's only 5% chance it has any money on it, but that it's worth finding out.  Tell them not to bank on it or anything.
@_date: 2017-08-17 04:45:35
It's worth it for the $4 million sitting on there, even if it costs $200,000 to recover.
BUT:  you could get the actual private keys, only to discover they already spent it, and 0 balance left.  Consider the options.
@_date: 2017-08-17 04:44:43
As of right now, that's $4,094,500.  Unlikely it's still on there, but if it is, take care of it diligently so you can get it :P
@_date: 2017-11-12 17:15:23
Fork.lol clearly shows that the attack started as soon as the BTC difficulty adjusted upwards.  The attack continues tomorrow at UTC 2017-11-13 19:06 when BCH difficulty adjustment algorithm hard-forks to become a war footing.  This was not about winning at ideas; this was about power and control from the beginning.  That's why every promotion of BCH isn't about reason, honesty, integrity, truth, science, and thought, but is misspelled fake lies deceit fraud and completely uncaring of outcome other than some wanna-be thieves getting richer (all they could muster is market fraud (collusion to lie and deceive and profit off of inside knowledge working against those lies)).
@_date: 2017-07-04 10:20:02
Whenever they see opportunity to take advantage of you, they will.  Generally, you'll see this if their social reputation system has flagged you as:
* Not enough of an influencer to hurt them
* Not connected enough to hurt them
* Not able to sue them enough
* Not wealthy enough to really hurt them
Alternatively, if they see the opportunity to use your wealth in order to shore up a larger number of other ponzi scheme victims, they see it as the lesser cost to deal with you who does not go to social media (like your Reddit post), does not hire a lawyer (you never did), etc.; their social scoring systems will figure out your relative power and calculate a cost-benefit analysis for them to steal from you.
What happened in the Ponzi scheme is a few things:
* You called their bluff on their social scoring system, and became a huge influencer.
* AND, Bitcoin recovered, AND Coinbase problems got forgotten, old news, not blown up, so they had opportunity to "find" your money, "explain" the mistake, and "refund" it.
Actually, they intentionally targeted you, intentionally stole it, and when the fire from you got to be too much, they unstole it.  That's their entire business model.
Expect them to do it again and again.
Why don't they fix the telephone SMS number weak link requirement in their security chain?  Because they REQUIRE that weak link in order to "hack" (themselves) into your account and "steal (not them)" (actually them directly stealing pretending to be a third party thief but actually just a first party thief) so they can shore up their Ponzi scheme.
The problem with exchanges is that they're working with Fiat money, and Fiat money has all of the problems of Fiat (which itself is a Ponzi scheme).  The solution is to become completely open and transparent and pass all of the Fiat problems directly to the customers in a computational way that is not at all dishonest.  That tends to get blowback from the Fiat Ponzi scammers of most power, the banks that exchanges must work with.  Unfortunately, the only way to "hide" those Fiat money problems in exchanges is to cheat, and therefore, those who decide to go into business as exchanges that want to make Fiat money look OK are the types of people that want to cheat to begin with.
That's why all of the exchanges that hide the ugliness of Fiat money are really just sophisticated scammers.
@_date: 2017-07-04 10:10:30
This happened to me when I was experimenting with their system to see if I could learn how to use it safely, and my phone number never worked.  During that time, they insistent on using phone numbers as security, and during that time, there were many examples of phone numbers being insecure.  I asked them to both fix my particular problem and to enhance the security to not require insecure phone numbers as the weakest link, and both requests have been ignored.  I contacted them both as customer and on social media.
That is all I needed to know to not trust them.  Therefore, I will not use them.  This is MtGox all over again.
@_date: 2017-07-04 10:46:12
Being so much better than something super super awful and evil is not a score worth much of anything.  It merely means that there is a nonzero possibility it might be worth investigating to see if it might be OK.  Most things start as that to begin with before you know about them.
Let's break down some of their (Gemini) mission statement:
"Your Bridge to the Future of Money":  (Aha, an exchange.  Nothing wrong with that, other than the fact that exchanges exchange with Fiat Ponzi Scheme Money, which is wrong; to do so would require honest computationally communicated open transparency about that.)
"We built a best-in-class" (so they say) "digital asset exchange" (yes, that's what we're talking about) "from the ground up" (yes, many things are built that way) "to put the safety and security of your assets first." (good:  that's a good thing.  But what examples do they have that explain their honesty about this?  None! MAJOR WARNING FLAG!)
"Gemini is a fully compliant and transparent digital asset platform."  (THIS IS THE MAIN KICKER:  COMPLIANT WITH WHAT?!?!?!?  THEY JUST SAY THEY ARE COMPLIANT.  THEY DON'T SAY WHAT THEY COMPLY WITH.  They might be compliant with Ponzi Scheme, with Genocide, with the Theft Cartel, with who knows what the hell with.  They might be compliant with China, Mexico, Islam, Socialism, Communism, Bankers, North Korea, ISIS.  They might be compliant with Venezuela, with Putin, with Iran.  They might be compliant with USA, with Wall Street, with Bank of America.  Compliant with what?  MAJOR WARNING.  FAIL.)
That's how I read these things.
Perhaps a lackey wrote that text, and it's wrong.  Wrong in what way?  Wrong good, wrong bad?  But, it's a major warning sign.
@_date: 2017-07-04 10:44:11
Ponzi scheme example.