@_author: byebyeshitcoin
@_date: 2014-04-01 17:21:41
OP here under a different username
Whilst what you claim about competitive tactics may be true, Neo&amp;Bee could very easily dispel this matter by answering their phone calls, making fresh public statements, and begin releasing financial statements.
Its not that hard really.
That they have not chosen to do so suggests either insolvency or gross incompetence, neither of which bodes well for confidence in the success of the business.
@_date: 2014-04-01 17:53:59
Democratic mining (I.e. scrypt), greater anonymity (I.e. coin mixing), energy efficiency (I.e. PoS), targeted or function inflation (I.e. 2% p.a.), beneficial mining (I.e. protein folding), etc. I could go on
Many of these features which are already available in current altcoins cannot be replicated with Bitcoin without a hard fork, and even then I daresay impossible in most cases without a fresh start.
@_date: 2014-04-02 10:19:52
Fedoracoin has had inbuilt coin mixing for months
If you don't understand the advantages of the other attributes I listed, I pity you, but nonetheless offer you hope for the best!
@_date: 2014-04-01 17:33:27
Simple - you tell them that they can make more money mining 'Poopcoin' than Bitcoin
This is why altcoins have become so popular in such a short space of time. Most, if not all, attract hashpower and users on the promise of high profitability.
Its not hard to imagine that the current 'natural selection' of altcoins as I like to think of it will result in some kind of super-altcoin soon that poses a deadly serious challenge to Bitcoin - it might combine a bunch of desirable features in various altcoins already in existence, or add even more.
@_date: 2014-04-02 14:13:06
Better to link to the source itself rather than a known shill magazine
Right off the bat you know its taking the side of the CEO just by the title
Do I dare say there is no 'confusion' about the insolvency, but rather just the fact of the matter of it and subsequent outrage?
@_date: 2014-04-02 14:00:03
Why are you posting this?
Its just his post on Bitcointalk split up into sections with comment
I recommend everyone read the post on bitcointalk BTW
@_date: 2014-04-02 06:32:08
1. You do realize that Bitcoin was more democratic in the beginning right? Back in 2010/2011 consumers CPUs and GPUs were doing most of the mining. Things started changing rapidly throughout 2011, but Bitcoin had value when only CPUs and GPUs were involved, and in fact most Bitcoins in existence are generated from that hardware period. Also a number of altcoins have achieved value. Fair distribution and value are not at odds with others, though I'd like to hear what you can counter with to support your claim.
Democratic mining is actually desirable for a number of reasons: Boosts wider uptake, gives a fairer (but not completely fair) playing field which dampens speculation and being taken advantage of, and with truly fair distribution it takes away the need for inevitably corrupt or mafia-style entities like exchanges or other forms of distribution channels - also makes the system tighter and thus more efficient and secure.
2. Coin mixing services are not built into Bitcoin itself. Again, efficiency, ease of use, and security.
3. It actually may be their moral responsibility to be more efficient, but regardless personally I like to support that which preserves my world over what destroys it, and for miners its not just a moral consideration - the costs of energy, hardware degradation, and associated problems are very real.
4. Inflation is essential to a working economy, and anyone who has done Economics 101 knows this.You might disagree with what constitutes appropriate inflation, but to suggest that deflation is desirable is absurd - even a 14-year-old who just completed a history lesson on the Great Depression can appreciate that. Its not just bad for individuals, but bad for any business that wants to accept the cryptocurrency, because it will be hoarded more than it is spent.
5. Protein folding, and similar activities like SETI I think you will find you have underestimated. (Almost) Everyone instinctively enjoys making these contributions even if they gain nothing out of it other than the satisfaction of pride and perhaps to show off to one's peers. Just look at the previous success of Rosetta and Folding when there was no financial incentive at all. Now imagine you don't just help find potential cures for cancer, but you get paid to do it! If you don't understand the incentive in that, I pity you.
If you want to learn more I suggest you keep up to date on recent developments in the world of altcoins. Its amazing how much progress is occurring through what appears to be some kind of natural selection process, which is far more rapid and efficient than 'the Bitcoin Foundation' or a small hierarchy of developers!
@_date: 2014-04-02 05:47:21
Mark, pls go.
@_date: 2014-04-02 04:31:14
Check this guys post history, because I remember him about a month ago making a post when the price jumped up to ~$700 briefly saying 'Bears are getting SMOKED' and that there would be a huge subsequent rally.
Well now we know who really got 'smoked' don't we Libertymark?
EDIT: Reading his other previous posts is comedy gold
Quote from a post a month ago: 'btc is now bouncing on all this bad news and will climb the wall of worry to 3000'
Two months ago: 'Folks, the flash crash is a huge sign to buy'
Submitted one month ago: 'Extremely bullish chart...retest back to $600 should hold'
This guy is a textbook example of a shill
@_date: 2014-04-02 13:53:49
On the one hand you almost begin to feel sorry for him - we all make mistakes, and its not his fault that fools praised his bad ideas and made him a hero.
But where he crossed the line was accepting and thus taking on a responsibility to deliver to these people who entrusted to him not only their minds, but their money as well. *Ignorantia juris non excusat.* - 'Ignorance of the law does not excuse', an established legal principle.
That he has deliberately done dealings behind the scenes to starve off bankruptcy, without informing investors of the true nature of what has been happening, is inexcusable.
@_date: 2014-04-02 23:10:03
What are you talking about?
Their entire business model is to build lavish big buildings and buy expensive TV advertisement placements.
And what revenue streams do they have? None!
They say that since they started up, they've had 'interest' in Bitcoin expressed by 100 people. That's hardly anyone - hell, half of that figure could be the staff members themselves!
Its not difficult to see why this is the case. Anyone who knows about Bitcoin will just buy it online in the safety and convienance of their own home. Anyone who doesn't know about Bitcoin would just do online research or ask friends, and they sure as fuck won't go waltzing into some open-space building to discuss something they have no idea about - its intimidating, for lack of a better word.
Its not an accounting problem, the whole idea is just completely stupid.
Maybe if it was one small preexisting building that was purchased and acted as a local trading/information/meeting hub for Bitcoin, without a share offering and rational expectations of profitability, then it might make some sense. I find the whole pumping of Neo&amp;Bee just bizarre.
@_date: 2014-04-02 05:49:13
The next time you see a Libertymark post, don't upvote it unless it actually contains credible information, and draw attention to his previous posts and demand he account for it.
That is what I think you should do.
Also, this subreddit as a whole should reflect on itself, and not merely pass over and forget what it has been saying and doing these past few months.