@_author: byrnereese
@_date: 2015-06-11 17:28:50
 - We are so sorry for the inconvenience. We have had to make some short term policy changes with regards to the states we operate in to ensure that we are complying with all state/local laws. We make these decisions with great care and consideration for all involved. The actual blocking of certain states was done prematurely and by accident when we conducted a release last night (we made all exchanges 100% free of charge BTW). 
It has always been our intent to give account holders such as yourself a chance to either withdraw their funds gracefully, or have an opportunity to furnish proof of residence in another state. I have asked support to unblock all accounts affected by this policy change for the next 10-14 days. After that, we will need to suspend accounts in those states we are not permitted to operate. Meanwhile we are working with state regulators to restore access, and when that happens all suspended accounts will be re-activated.
Thank you for being a Bitreserve member, and let once again extend our sincerest apologies for any inconvenience and/or disappointment this change may cause. 
Byrne Reese
VP, Product
@_date: 2015-06-12 06:04:54
Transaction fees still apply to unverified members. Plus, our exchange fee for verified members is 0%. So the ToS is still accurate, from a certain point of view. 
L: A certain point of view?
OW: Luke, you will find that many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view...
But I digress. :)
Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We probably should revise our ToS to be more clear. 
@_date: 2015-06-11 17:37:03
I sympathize a great deal. I want nothing more than to bring Bitreserve to every person in the world. There is so much to say about the regulatory climate I don't even know where to begin. What I can confidently say however is that it is my personal belief that despite the inconvenience imposed by these state policies, we are actually all on the same team. Regulators and businesses alike all want to protect consumers. I wish there was a shared standard for all states, the way it is in Europe, but that is not the on-the-ground reality we (or anyone in this industry) is grappling with. If we want to make digital money go mainstream, then we must demonstrate to states that we are complying with all that is asked of us, no matter how capricious they may sometimes appear to be. 
Rest assured though, we are working to bring our services to everyone in the US, and indeed everyone in the World. As soon as we are available in Florida, we will let you know and access to your account will be reinstated. 
If you need help - please don't hesitate to contact support at bitreserve dot org. We will help!
@_date: 2015-06-11 21:57:37
 - I have answered similar concerns and questions you have raised in other threads here on reddit. So for the benefit of everyone here, let me restate a few things and try to provide additional clarity. We did a major code push last night. In this release not only did we make all [non-precious metal] transactions completely free for verified members, but we also released an updated identity verification process to enable people to enroll in our Verified Member program to take advantage of this great benefit. In releasing this code however, we inadvertently began enforcing a policy to block certain states prematurely. We are working to rectify that to restore access as soon as we can. 
Let me assure you: YOUR MONEY IS SAFE, and THE MONEY IS YOURS. We will work with you to remove your funds safely to another address. And that is true from anyone experiencing this problem. Contact support at bitreserve dot org and someone will help you. You have my word. 
Now, enforcement of this policy aside, we did know we were making this change which is why last night you should have received an email, assuming we had your state information already on file, notifying you of this change and our plan to begin enforcing it on June 19. In fact, here is a copy of the email we sent to customers last night:












As inconvenient as this change is for users affected by it, it is imperative that we do so -- especially if it is our desire to help make digital money ready for prime time. This policy is not for forever though. It is just until we can be cleared to operate in the state by regulators. We will reactivate it as soon as we are cleared to do so. 
Thank you for your patience through this. We appreciate it. 
Byrne Reese
VP, Product at Bitreserve
@_date: 2015-06-12 06:27:00
It is part of our plan to allow this, although the process will probably not be very convenient went it becomes possible. The process would involve creating an account with our gold partner, transferring your gold at Bitreserve to your account with our partner, and then paying our partner to send you your gold by whatever means you agree to. Right now, our focus is to make it easier to get fiat in and out of our system. Once we do that, we can turn our attention to additional on and off ramps of value. 
@_date: 2015-06-12 06:20:33
Check out our recent blog post which answers this burning question about our revenue model: 
As for the question of losing money on every transaction... no, we do not necessarily lose money on every transaction. What I encourage you to do is download our Reservechain - a public record of every transaction that has ever taken place on our network. Look at our rates, fees (when we had them) and revenue. Judge for yourself, the costs of our system are not outrageous, and in the long run the models show that the money we will make as Anthony describes in his blog post, will out pace our costs considerably.
@_date: 2015-06-12 06:27:12
@_date: 2015-06-11 18:13:33
If you are interested, I provided an answer to this question in another thread: 
tl;dr - we have no spread, and we have no fees. We operate a truly lossless exchange. 
Byrne Reese
VP, Product, Bitreserve
@_date: 2015-06-11 17:45:26
One thing I will agree wholeheartedly with is how important bank ties are. If any company is going to help make digital money mainstream, then we need a frictionless way to onboard that capital into a more modern cloud money system. The challenge of course for fintech companies is not a technical one. And that is personally frustrating to me. But that frustration I feel is also what motivates me personally to make this process easier for others. We have releases coming up that we think will dramatically lower the cost and level of effort for companies to build cloud money products that require rigorous KYC, AML and compliance programs. All the things we are limited by we are going to overcome not just for ourselves, but for all developers. 
@_date: 2014-11-01 16:32:22
I want to thank  for starting this discussion. It has always been our desire to reduce the cost of holding and managing money wherever we can. And luckily for us, you have found a clear opportunity for us to do just that. So in an upcoming release we will be updating our service to REMOVE the bitcoin network fee for all internal transfers. We feel this is the best way to make smaller transactions, and micro-transactions more economical for everyone. Thank you everyone!
@_date: 2014-07-04 17:13:14
My name is Byrne. I am the VP of Product at Bitreserve. 
We agree. Two factor auth is important and it is our highest development priority right now. We are going to be rolling it out soon in fact. It was more important though for us to begin accepting members into the service so that we could begin receiving exactly this kind of feedback. So please, keep it coming!
@_date: 2014-05-17 15:58:23
My name is Byrne Reese, and I am the head of Product at Bitreserve. It has been very exciting and very helpful to me to watch this thread unfold. There are a lot of questions people have expressed, but there was one thing in particular that I felt would be the most helpful to shed some light on. 
Bitreserve functions as a FULL RESERVE of assets backing our obligations to our Members. We do not use the bitcoin people entrust with us as a funding vehicle for our business. Instead, our reserve has one goal: to protect the value deposited by our members. So, if in aggregate our Members have 1000 bitcoin and $1M dollars in value stored in our network, then our reserve will also hold 1000 bitcoin and $1M. 
The comparison to Mt.Gox is inevitable for any company in the bitcoin space, so I want to underscore specifically how we are different from every other company operating in this space: we are 100% transparent. 
We recognize that as a centralizing agent working on top of the blockchain, we need to offer all the transparency and traceability of the bitcoin network so that everyone knows how value enters, moves around, and leaves our system. Therefore we will be making available two very important resources to the public. The first is our Reserve Chain. Like the blockchain, it protects the privacy of our members, while providing a fully transparent, public and traceable real-time account of the flow of value across our network from one bitcoin address to another. The main difference is that it tracks both bitcoin and the fiat currencies we support--dollars, euros, pounds, yuan, and yen. The second resource is our Bitledger, which is a continuously updated accounting of our liabilities to our Members (derived from the Reservechain) and the assets we hold in our reserve. It works just like a regular accounting ledger.
You might ask, "how do we know you are not just fabricating the numbers?" To build trust in these resources, every quarter a big-four accounting firm audits the bitledger to publicly verify our accounting of obligations and the assets we hold in our full reserve. We feel that this quarterly audit, combined with our Reserve Chain and Bitledger, is the best way for any service like ours to stay true to the principals and values of the blockchain itself, and to help our customers build confidence in and feel safe in entrusting their bitcoin with us.
I hope that clears a few things up. If you have more questions, I encourage you to ask them here and I will do my best to respond. 
@_date: 2014-11-17 06:27:43
At Bitreserve it was honestly never our plan to "peg" the value of bitcoin to a dollar amount. That would imply that in order to truly secure the value we promised we would need to be buying and selling futures and/or options. Either one of those is too risky when dealing with such a volatile asset like bitcoin. So we do something we consider simpler and far more secure - we simply buy and sell bitcoin, take the dollars and put then in a bank account. Real dollars. So should a customer come to us and say, "I want out of this whole thing. Right. Now." We can accommodate their request without risk to ourselves or the reserve as a whole. And because we operate a full reserve, if the whole world woke up and said I want out at the same time, no problem. 
Some say they don't get it, stating that they can do exactly what we do already using Coinbase (for example). I suppose that is true to some extent, since both involve the buying and selling of bitcoin, but we see that as a dramatic over simplification. For starters, we offer *instant settlement*, and our exchange fees (0.45% BTCUSD) are extremely low. But we also provide consumers the choice of how they wish to hold their value - be it bitcoin, dollars, euros, yuan, yen or pounds... and our roadmap is already chock a block full of new stores of value waiting to be brought online. 
There are two ways to look at Bitreserve in my opinion - you could say we are helping to resolve one of bitcoin's largest challenges when it comes to consumer adoption: volatility, or you could say we are helping to modernize the dollar by completely digitizing it. The position you take will depend greatly upon your own personal beliefs I suppose. Either way though, I feel we are bringing positive change to the world of money. 
@_date: 2014-11-02 08:43:09
The only cost within Bitreserve is when an exchange of value from one form to another occurs. So if there is a merchant that accepts "bitdollars" then there would be no fee/commission extracted from anyone. This should become the norm as we grow. 
Our rates at the time of launch are:
BTC &lt;-&gt; US Dollar = 0.45%
BTC &lt;-&gt; Pound, Euro, Yen = 0.95%
BTC &lt;-&gt; Yuan = 2%
Our mission as a company is to drive these costs down. EUR, JPY and GBP are more expensive right now because we are trading at Bitstamp in the US, and then incurring another forex transaction behind the scenes. These costs will come down when we integrate with more exchanges around the world, and avoid having to perform forex within the reserve at all. 
Are we double charging though? I suppose one could look at it that way. Would it be better to convert to dollars for free and then be charged 0.9% to convert back to bitcoin? Interesting thought experiment I suppose. After all, you would be charged only once... :)
@_date: 2014-05-19 18:39:22
Let me clarify what is happening behind the scenes. A customer begins their journey with us by sending BTC into a Bitreserve wallet. Within that wallet/account members have a number of different cards. Each card is denominated by a different currency. When a member transfers bitcoin from their bitcoin card to their US Dollar card, we immediately make available on the member's USD card the fair market value of the bitcoin they are transferring. Then at some point in the future, but typically quite soon after, we take bitcoin we are holding as assets in our reserve, sell it, and place the proceeds of that transaction (denominated in USD) back into our reserve.
I hope that makes sense. If not, I would be happy to clarify further.
@_date: 2014-07-12 00:50:04
Our lead engineer advocated for the choice citing ease and speed of integration, as well as end user experience. As far as the UX is concerned, I completely agree. As a user I found the process painless for people who may never have been exposed to 2FA before.
@_date: 2014-07-04 17:25:42
You are right. The claim "the end of bitcoin volatility" is a great marketing hook, but technically inaccurate. There is no way we can end the volatility of bitcoin, which is one of the reasons we believe our service is so important. What we can do is protect members from bitcoin volatility by allowing them to convert it to bitdollars - quickly, easily and at a very low cost. 
So what's the difference between you and exchange? Well for starters, it is perfectly apt for people to use as an exchange, although we do not (yet) connect directly to people's bank accounts. To keep things simple, and to enhance our claims to transparency and proof of solvency, we wanted to use on and off ramps of value for our reserve that was public and fully transparent. The blockchain solves that problem perfect. And while are not publishing our reservechain quite yet, soon you will be able to see a record of all the movement of value into, within, and out of our network. 
But back to the question: how are we different from an exchange. Well, mainly that your fiat cards (your bitdollar card for example) has a BTC address. You can send bitcoin directly to that card and have the BTC converted into dollars instantaneously. That may not be a problem you feel you have, but merchants definitely do. But also, you can send BTC directly from a fiat card as well (or vice versa). In other words, you owe your friend $10? Send them $10 USD from your BTC card and the bitcoin will be converted to dollars and sent as dollars. Want to buy a watch on Overstock.com for $50 worth of bitcoin? Go to your USD card, and send the amount of bitcoin they want you to send to the address they provide you and presto! Of course I think we can improve upon that overall experience down the road, but I will save that for another post. 
I will wrap up by reassuring everyone that we are far from done rolling out new features and capabilities to the Bitreserve network and platform. Implementing better ways of inserting and removing value is key, so is two-factor authentication, multi-sig support, and many more security features. We are just happy to have people using the product and sending us questions and feedback like this!
@_date: 2014-05-18 20:13:25
I think there is value in binding yourself to the bitcoin network and infrastructure. It shows where your values lie. If you want to create a system rooted in the fiat currency world, then you are beholden to banks. And the legacy banking industry is precisely the problem isn't it?
I always like think back to the days of America Online and Compuserve. As a developer I could have always build my product on their system, or I could embrace this new thing called the Internet, for which the economics, security, and community are far superior... even if it is not in wide consumer adoption.
@_date: 2014-05-24 17:08:37
Great question and the answer may help shed light on a small aspect of our revenue. As our members change how they denominate their value, we actually perform forex transactions on the backend. We put in place a small spread as a hedge against the market volatility we expose ourselves to. Because we can pool these transactions together, and because of our perspective on the market we think we can make this work for us most of the time. 
To begin with though keeping the reserve in near lock step with our obligations is a much higher priority, so we will be executing forex transactions in near real time. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 20:26:53
Thank you for asking this question. From our recently published FAQ [1]:
"We do not charge fees or commissions for transfers of value into, within, or out of our system. We act as the counterparty for all your conversions of value within our system, taking the risk of exchange volatility for the time between when you convert bitcoin to a bitcurrency (or one bitcurrency to another bitcurrency) and when we execute the correlated transaction in our full reserve of assets.
"For example, if you want to transfer some bitcoin from your bitcoin card to your dollar card, we will quote you the amount of dollars that will result from that transfer. In order to calculate the quote, our system queries bitcoin exchanges that allow for the purchase and sale of bitcoin in dollars. We then offer you the best exchange rate we can find minus a small margin to cover our volatility risk.
"We generate revenue from conversions of bitcoin to bitcurrency (e.g. bitcoin to biteuro) and the conversion of one bitcurrency into another bitcurrency (e.g. bityen to bitdollar). We do not generate revenue from transfers of value denominated in the same currency conducted within our system (e.g. bitpounds to bitpounds or bitcoin to bitcoin)."
[1] 
@_date: 2014-09-09 21:45:12
 - What you just described is exactly the mission of Bitreserve. Although to be honest, I think the ultimate killer app will be a little more nuanced than the way you (or even we currently) describe it. 
In the END (IMHO of course), the killer app will almost certainly have little to do with exchanging currencies. Right now it is hard to envision a world of bitcoin without exchanges because the main pain people are experiencing right now is how to move in and out of a digital currency. The process for this is on one hand necessary, but on the other completely irrational. It is akin to the person who upon the advent of email began printing their email in order to read it. Eventually, the need for exchanges will diminish because people's world views will have been sufficiently shifted over the digital currency world. 
The killer app, in whatever form it takes, will convince consumers not just to acquire a digital currency, but to HOLD onto it. The killer app will convince merchants to use a digital currency as their unit of account, thus obviating the need for merchants to dump bitcoin as soon as they receive it, and help consumers overcome the cognitive hurdle of denominating their life in two different currencies.  
Until then, there is very little practical advantage of a digital currency because the cost of moving in and out of it is a) deemed necessary and b) undermines the very cost advantages that digital currency provides. 
@_date: 2014-05-18 22:37:25
There are NO FEES that we levy directly against our members. The only "fees" that exist are the ones paid to miners for moving bitcoin into and out of the network. Those fees though are typically quite minimal.
As for putting in $50... that would be awesome. We really want this to be a super simple platform and a great product (naturally :). So any and all feedback we get is going to be super helpful to us.
You can sign up for the beta on our website. 
@_date: 2014-11-02 08:07:16
 - you are absolutely correct. If the scenario where bitcoin crashed. Hard. And people holding fiat wanted out, but they didn't want to exit through bitcoin, I am confident we can address that need should the time come. In the short term we did not want to set the expectation that we would do this as part of our normal operations because we are not currently optimized for this. But rest assured it is our goal to enable as many different ways to bring value into and out of the system as possible. 
@_date: 2014-07-11 22:27:50
Good news: we are using Authy!
@_date: 2014-10-28 16:47:56
My name is Byrne Reese, and I am Head of Product at Bitreserve. I assure you that we maintain a full reserve. In fact, we strive to be over-reserved whenever possible. 
But be that as it may, if we were to have a portion of our assets invested in a treasury bill, that would be an asset we possess which we can redeem at any time for value. In contrast, a partial or fractional reserve is one in which you do not have physical possession of the assets necessary to account for 100% of your obligations. When banks issue a loan for example, they take some of their assets and give them to someone else. So if there were to be a run on the bank, and everyone said, "I want my money back" the bank would not be in physical possession of the assets necessary to honor their obligations. 
We don't do that. We operate a full reserve, and are fully transparent in how it is managed and operated so that the public can verify our solvency at any time. We are the only financial institution that does this.
Not only does that mean we disclose our "investments" -- although I have a hard time calling cash and a cash equivalencies an "investment" -- it also means we disclose the revenue we make from the transactions that flow through our system. We are looking to build a financial services company with an unprecedented level of transparency, because we feel that transparency is the surest and most reliable way to garner people's trust. 
I hope that clarifies things for you. Please feel free to respond here with any more questions!
@_date: 2014-11-02 08:09:56
This is definitely something we should improve. Although I might argue that the best thing for us and the industry is to fill our FAQ with articles about doomsday scenarios and what do when we go out of business. :)
But your point is well taken.
@_date: 2014-05-19 18:47:04
One other small point - every card in your Bitreserve wallet has a bitcoin address allowing you to send and receive value from that card via the bitcoin network. What we handle for you behind the scenes is all of the exchanges that have to take place in order to honor that transaction. 
Want to buy a cup of coffee using your Bitreserve USD card? No problem, send $4 (the cost of the cup of coffee) from your USD card to the coffee shop's bitcoin address. Behind the scenes, we are in essence automating the process of taking the $4, buying $4 worth of bitcoin and then sending that bitcoin to the intended recipient. 
@_date: 2014-07-11 18:38:46
I found this article to be very informative: 


And then later:




@_date: 2015-05-19 16:57:34
At Bitreserve we use Authy. I have many thoughts to share on that service, but generally it is ok. It solves the problem most of the time. We have observed that SMS delivered to numbers overseas can sometimes take a long time to arrive, and sometimes never arrive. We have tried to seek support from Authy (and now Twilio) on this, and have not had the best luck in getting someone to step up and own the resolution to this problem for us. 
That being said, Authy offers a pretty decent end-user experience. They have mobile apps, and a chrome app, all of which I find to be very useful. 
I have been speaking to the folks at Clef a lot about the 2FA experience, and what I like about them is at least they are approaching this problem space with a very open mind and trying hard to think outside the box on what may constitute a superior experience to SMS. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 17:29:12
 - I respect that you don't see value in our service. As you might expect, I don't agree with your assertion, but your comment underscores for me our failure in better communicating what our service does, how it does it, and who it is designed for. Hopefully in time you may come to see our service differently.
@_date: 2014-10-30 02:41:43
Thank you so much for starting this discussion. My name is Byrne, and I am the Head of Product at Bitreserve. We invite everyone to experience our service and our prices for themselves. For those of you who don't yet have an account, we have done the exact same experiment within Bitreserve and wanted to share our results with the community. 
We took 1 bitcoin, and transferred it to a dollar card. Then took the balance on the dollar card and returned it to a bitcoin card. Here is what we observed and what was shown in our transfer preview:
    Transferred from BTC Card: -1.00 BTC
    Bitcoin Network fee: -0.0001 BTC
    Debited: -1.0001 BTC
    Market value (337.97 USD): +337.97 USD
    Commission (0.45 %): -1.53 USD
    Credited: +336.44 USD
    Transferred from USD Card: -336.44 USD
    Market value (337.51 USD): +0.99682972 BTC
    Bitcoin Network fee: -0.0001 BTC
    Commission (0.45 %): -0.00448574 BTC
    Credited: +0.99224398 BTC
One bitcoin left, and 0.99224398 was returned, which is a 0.77% roundtrip if I am not mistaken. But I invite people to check my math. All transactions on our network are made available through our transparency system to allow the public to audit the system themselves. Here are links to those transactions:
* Transfer from BTC to USD: 
* Transfer from USD to BTC: 
(edited for formatting only)
@_date: 2015-01-09 20:31:37
One of the core values of Bitreserve is transparency, something we are working to improve everyday. I assure you: there are no hidden fees. We publish all of the exchange fees we apply, and do our best to explain them and make them visible while using the product. 
The particular issue/reddit post to which I believe you are referring relates a problem people experience when testing our platform with small amounts of money, combined with depositing money from outside the network. Our fees are a simple percentage (0.45% for converting between USD and BTC), however when sending small amounts of money from outside the network the bitcoin network fee extracted during transit ends up comprising a significant percentage of the total cost of the transaction - thus leading to the perception that our published fees being inaccurate. 
We welcome anyone who wonders about our fees to audit us themselves. We are the only company I know of that publishes it's obligations and ledger for the public to inspect for themselves. We disclose every transaction, every fee, every cost, and all revenue. So you don't have to take my word for it. You can come onto the platform, conduct your own transactions, see them published alongside everyone else's in real time, and decide for yourself if our prices are accurate and fair.
@_date: 2015-01-16 17:12:02
We agree wholeheartedly. That is why we removed this fee all together.
@_date: 2015-01-23 23:22:17
@_Sheaf - I started answering your question and my response got away from me. Because my comment was address not only the questions you pose above, but a number of similar questions asked by others in the r/bitcoin community, I decided to publish my comment as a new post. 
Thanks for the inspiration and motivation to write this post!
@_date: 2015-01-16 06:02:52
Complete anonymity in it's ReserveChain. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 17:10:45
FWIW - Us not mentioning this fee was an oversight. To fix the problem we simply removed the fee all together. :)
@_date: 2015-01-15 22:10:06
 - I hope one day I can turn you into a advocate for us, but I respect your opinion and will save the hard sell for another day. :)
In the meantime however, I think it is very important for me to correct one thing you have very wrong:
BITRESERVE DOES NOT SPECULATE USING CUSTOMER DEPOSITS
To do so, we would need to be operating a fractional reserve, which we do not. Bitreserve operates a 100% transparent *full reserve* of assets. In fact, if you look at our transparency page [1] you can see that we are over-reserved in most instruments -- meaning we have more assets than we do obligations.
I would argue though that speculators and investors would find a great deal of value in Bitreserve, because we have very low cost exchange fees, no spread, instant settlement, and no transaction limits.
If on the other hand you just need a place to park your bitcoin because you think bitcoin is going to go up and up and up, then Bitreserve might not be the absolute best service for you. Not because we can't store your bitcoin (we can), but because we are not building products and services focused on helping people hoard bitcoin. Bitreserve's focus is on making digital money useful.
Thank you again for your opinion and participation in this world changing effort!
[1] 
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:29:36
This is Byrne Reese, I work at Bitreserve. I am so sorry to hear you are getting unwanted email from us. We can easily disable someone's account from receiving news and announcements from us - just contact us at support and we'll take care of you. 
Out of curiosity, what email are you receiving? What are the subject lines?
@_date: 2015-01-15 22:23:32
On the subject of the email we sent this morning: thank you for the feedback. It's certainly not our intention to fear monger. And while our language is strong, this message serves as an urgent reminder to our members and others who can and need to protect themselves from market volatility.
We stand firmly behind the functionality we built because it is an important consumer benefit in times like these. Not many people have the luxury to gain and lose value as wildly as we're seeing. The people who use our service need their digital money to be stable in value so that they can have the confidence and security in knowing that at the end of the month they will have the money they need to pay their bills.
@_date: 2015-07-29 19:03:42
A quick follow up. We found the broken links in our ToS and have updated them. Thank you so much for pointing this out!
@_date: 2015-07-17 18:30:21
You understand it perfectly. We offer ZERO cost forex. No tricks. No small print (although we do have rate limits which might impact high volume traders). There is ZERO spread. There are NO FEES. It is all part of our mission around resetting the world's expectations around how financial services should be run and how much they should cost the everyday consumer. It is amazing though - people are so accustomed to the status quo, that believing much less accepting that we can manage to do this for our customers is an anathema to them. 
We all understand why foreign exchange costs money, why spreads exist, and what counter-party risk is all about. But to the everyday person on this planet, foreign exchange costs and fees have a disproportionately negative effect on us. When I send money overseas, forex fees suck a tremendous amount of value from what is ultimately received. That sucks if you are a poor family in Guatemala, and all you were doing is sending $100. And don't get me started on Western Union fees, oh boy! The point though is this - we believe the simple service of taking dollars from someone, and delivering pounds to someone else should not be a profit center for the company. We can and therefore should give that service away for free. So we do. 
With that in mind, if you are a currency speculator, a professional grade exchange might still be a better option for you, since you can leverage your investments, trade on margin, and be un-impeding by rate limits, etc. If you are a hobbyist speculator, Bitreserve might be perfect for you. And if you are simply trying to send $100, or hell, a $1,000,000 to someone overseas and be assured that 100% of what you sent, arrives at the other end, well then, Bitreserve was designed specifically for you. 
If you are a business, or an institutional trader that wants to take advantage of our FREE PLATFORM, but at higher limits, etc. then please contact us. We are in the process of building products for you. 
I hope that answers your question. 
See also: 
@_date: 2015-07-23 19:40:04
Dear /pokertravis, 
My name is Byrne Reese, I am Head of Product, and luckily, I have a brain :). I have responded to your support ticket you filed with us, and am happy to resolve your issues here or privately as you see fit. 
I did want to reply to this post however, because I think there is an opportunity to educate folks about our service and our security. Of course, my first puzzle is to understand why you think our service is inherently insecure. All data transmitted to our services is required to be transmitted over SSL. This is something that is clearly visible and easily inspected by any member of the public. So yes, we do ask for a birthday from our members, and when that information is provided, it is transmitted to us in an encrypted form. 
Speaking of birthdays, we did not always require a birthday, which is why you were able to signup once upon a time and not be required to provide it, but since then, we have changed our policy to require a birthday in order to better protect our members as a whole, and to remain compliant with all applicable laws and regulations. 
As for a system that works "sometimes," I am terribly sorry you have been impacted by slow blockchain processing times. That is an issue that has happened once or twice, and each time we learned a lot and made changes to our product to ensure it would not be vulnerable in the same way again. 
Some users in the past have been impacted by new rate limits. Since launching TOTALLY FREE foreign exchange, our volume has skyrocketed (as you might imagine), and we have had to make changes to our product to prevent abuse, and ensure that we can continue to offer this truly unique service offering to our users and the public. 
One of the changes we made recently, in direct response to feedback from users, is that even though we have trading limits (20 trades per 2 hour period, 100 trades per 72 hour period), those trading limits will NEVER impact your ability to remove value from the system. Financial portability is paramount to us, and we should not hold our verified members' value hostage. 
You are welcome to use or not use Bitreserve. If you like our services we would love to have you on the platform. But if you do not feel safe using our service, if you have inherent fear of a non-decentralized financial product, if you worry that we won't be around in a couple of months, or if you just don't like the support you have received, you are welcome to take your value elsewhere. We feel that one thing bitcoin has provided everyone in the world is greater financial portability, which is a great force in the free market, as it makes it super easy for people to overcome the lock-in that financial institutions have traditionally had on us.
Finally, as to whether Bitreserve is a bitcoin company or not, well, that I suppose is a matter of perspective. We take a much more inclusive view of money in that we want to embrace all forms of value, and work to increase the utility of all of them. Whether that is gold, bitcoin or fiat currency. Some people feel that bitcoin is the future - which is great for us, because we support bitcoin. Others feel that bitcoin will just be one of many currencies in the world - which is also great for us, because we support bitcoin, and dollars, and euros, and pesos, and rupee, and yuan, and yen, and francs, etc. We see all of this as a strength.
Thank you again for being a Bitreserve customer!
@_date: 2015-07-23 20:50:08
You are right on one hand, but I think you have made some very poor assumptions on the other. You presume we work like a bank, that we operate a fractional reserve, and that our business model is based upon speculative investments we make with other people's money. I understand of course why you would make this assumption, because that is how our competitors make money.
But our mission is to reset everyone's expectations. To change the status quo all together. 
So yes, one could take a super simplified view of Bitreserve and describe us in a manner similar to you: that all we do is buy and sell bitcoin, like an exchange. And yes, on the surface that is really how simple our product is. And sure, one could do that on their own as well, but we feel we are still a simpler, easier alternative for the average person than the brute force manual method you describe.  Of course, one could weave a similar yarn with any business. For example...


Of course such a description, while accurate, completely ignores the underlying complexity of the product, or how the economics of the system allow for such convenience. 
Truth be told, moving money around SHOULDN'T be complicated or confusing or hard to do. But the everyday reality for most people is NOT that, which is one of the reasons why we exist. The fact that we make the problem seem easy is a testament to the many people who work at Bitreserve who work diligently everyday to build a killer financial services platform. 
I encourage you to visit our website and read our knowledge base. It is full of information that answers many of the question you and others have, and can help address any assumptions you might have about how we operate. 
@_date: 2015-07-28 00:34:54
Trading is 100% free for all verified members for all trades that do NOT involve precious metals. We have always strived to be very clear about that. If you experience anything else, that is a bug and needs to be fixed. Please let me know and I will get it taken care of. 
@_date: 2015-07-28 00:33:41
Thank you for pointing this out. How embarrassing. We will fix as soon as possible. Gonna have to route stuff through lawyers and what not, and you know how that goes. :)
But seriously - thank you. We'll fix this.
@_date: 2015-09-08 18:18:25
 - This is Byrne from Bitreserve. You know me because I have been doing my best to help you. I know you are experiencing challenges, and I assure you - your funds are safe, and are yours and yours alone. As soon we resolve the challenges we have been experiencing in facilitating your request, everything should be ok. Thank you for your continued patience. 
@_date: 2015-09-20 19:45:44
Hello, my name is Byrne Reese, and I am Head of Product at Bitreserve. I am not a lawyer or a tax advisor, but I feel confident in providing this answer since the recent "announcement" doesn't really change the regulatory surface area of bitcoin. 
This ruling does not really change how Bitreserve and businesses like us operate. Treating bitcoin as a commodity requires every person who actively trades bitcoin to report their gains and losses from that activity just as they would by trading stock. There are many strategies one can employ when calculating gains and losses that can have very different effects on your taxes, so we recommend consulting a tax advisor when the time comes. 
If you are a US citizen and you are not reporting these gains and losses, then speaking for myself, I strongly recommend you start. I just don't personally see the risk being worth it. 
Regarding some of the other comments in this thread, I would like to offer this perspective: there are various risks relating to storing crypto-currency, regardless of how it is stored. Keeping control of your private keys is a good option if you are knowledgable about securing bitcoin, actively maintain that knowledge, and disciplined in the protocols you follow. Some  will argue that is even more secure. There is nothing to argue with that point of view.  I personally keep my bitcoin at Bitreserve because I have first hand knowledge of our security practices, and I can honestly say we are doing everything I would be doing personally. Plus, by storing them in Bitreserve, I have the convenience of being able to access them anytime and anywhere. 
For those like me who value this convenience, and who entrust their bitcoin with a third party, then I would encourage you to inquire about how above board the company is with regards to regulations and compliance. This is a highly regulated industry and bitcoin offers no way to avoid that.
I share this because you asked if you should withdraw your coins from Bitreserve. What I can tell you is that at Bitreserve we are committed to playing completely above board, by the rules, and in accordance with any and all regulations we are subject to -- whether we agree with them or not. We do that because we firmly believe that is the best and most assured way to protect the assets our members entrust with us. With every release we are advancing our platform both in design and user experience, but also in security and in the ever-so-important area of compliance. 
For example, soon we will begin requiring our US members to supply us with their social security number. Every once in a while a member comes forward expressing great concern over supplying us with personal information like this, no doubt because they worry about who we share it with, and what we do with the information. At Bitreserve we do not, and will never sell personal information. Doing so would violate almost everything we believe in. We collect this information not only because the US government requires us to do so in some circumstances, but because having this information allows us to increase the security of the network as a whole. 
How does having my social security number enhance security you might ask. Well, I am glad you did. :)
Information such as a social security number allows us to further verify your identity, which in turn allows to be assured you are who you say you are, and that you are not trying to defraud us. The more we can fight fraud, in the many forms it can take, the more we can protect the assets under our care. And when fraud occurs, the better we can work with law enforcement to ensure that assets are recovered and perpetrators brought to justice. Furthermore, reducing fraud helps us reduce our costs, and the lower our costs become the more savings we pass off to our members -- something we are incredibly proud to have a history of doing in the two years since we began this endeavor. Because at the end of the day that is what it is all about for us: helping people save money, have quick and easy access to *their* money, and to so safely and securely. 
If anyone ever has any questions about the information we collect, how we work with governments and regulators, or about security - or honestly, about anything, just ask. You can post on reddit, or contact us privately. It is everyone's right to know what their banks and financial institutions do with the information given to them. 
@_date: 2015-11-17 15:51:46
send pint!
@_date: 2015-11-17 15:49:54
- Please send me your ticket number. It pains me to see you write that your support experience is so poor. Let me help.
@_date: 2015-02-18 20:38:36
Personally I feel “trust” in something is hard to assert without qualification. For me, and granted I work at Bitreserve, I feel Bitreserve can be trusted because it operates a full reserve that backs its obligations to its customers using real assets. We do not hedge, or use futures. When you store your value in gold for example, we purchase gold in a secured vaulted location. Same with silver, platinum and palladium. Oh, same for dollars and other fiat obligations too. That way, no matter what happens to the markets, our members' value is safe.
This relates to insurance in that FDIC insurance, which many people think of when they talk about "insured accounts" exists because banks operate fractional reserves. In other words, because a bank may hold $1000 in obligations to me, there is no guarantee that they actually possess $1000 to give me at any one time. This is why a "bank run" is so scary - because a bank could literally run out of money to give it's customers (a scene from It's a Wonderful Like comes to mind actually). We do not have this problem, because we operate a FULL reserve. If one day everyone suddenly woke up and said, "I want out of Bitreserve" then all we would need to say is "be patient, everyone will get 100% of the money owed to them." 
To offer greater assurances around this, we are the only company in the industry that publishes a real time ledger that shows the changes we make to our assets to secure the funds of our members. This allows us to prove at any given time that we have the assets on hand to back the obligations we have to our customers. (Is this the kind of insurance you mean?)
And finally… KYC and AML checks. I can certainly understand why some have become cautious about sharing personal information online, but at Bitreserve we do not see KYC and AML (Anti-Money Laundering) as a bad thing. We strive to make using our service as easy and as seamless as possible, while also doing everything in our power to protect our members from those that mean them harm. Directly, or indirectly. That is a good thing IMHO.
It is precisely this attitude I think that allows for Bitreserve to operate legally in the United States, both now and well into the future. If we want digital money to go mainstream, then we mustn’t require people to download Tor first just to use our service.
@_date: 2015-02-10 22:06:33
Not gone... just moved to:
We are also experiencing some CMS challenges - when we changed the title of the post to clarify something, we changed the URL, which made the old comments disappear. I am trying to find a way to resurrect them - as there must be a URL at disqus.com that catalogs them all. Anyone familiar enough with disqus to help me?