@_author: byronicasian
@_date: 2014-01-21 20:20:24
No...Panzer is Life. Panzer is love.
@_date: 2018-02-13 17:21:13


Not much
Is that even legal? Are banks allowed to “decide” what legal things I can and cannot buy???
It's legal up to a certain point.
Compliance Depts usually have an internal blacklist of companies they deem too much of a risk to deal with even if "technically" said companies aren't illegal per se. If we decide that a certain entity is too risky to deal with, we may just process any wires, payments, business with said entity and it is well within our perogative (we would avoid making drastic actions that would adversely affect large customers but not always). 
for ex. A bank or Money Service Co. (or in cases listed in your OP, a Crypto Exchange) that has constantly given us trouble in providing us accurate information to Compliance queries will get blackballed internally. Same for a bank where a surge of fraudulent xfers been sourced to. It could also be a sudden burst negative news surrounding a particular entity.
For example, the whole bruhaha with Habib Bank holding correspondent accounts for Al Rajhi Bank (a Saudi Bank linked to T-Financing) was blacklisted internally at my previous employer due to public record information about said financing. We compiled a dossier and report to the CCO, and we just stopped doing all business with it. The above logic applies to companies and individuals also.
Compliance Depts usually don't tell customers specific details as to why so as to prevent tip off. The only time you would get some inkling of a reason is if the money as frozen for OFAC reasons. At my previous job, we often used "Internal Policy" as a reason to stop relationships or transactions that were outside of our risk appetite/suspicious but not explicitly disallowed. Off hand, if more than 3 SARs were filed for a particular customer over a pd of time (varies depending on profile) we would terminate under "Internal Policy."
@_date: 2018-02-13 17:25:49
Depending on the policy of the bank, it could trigger Enhanced Due Diligence which would require said person to provide documentation that the transaction he is attempting to process is legit (usually some sort of invoice, BoL etc.). Too many SARs filed could also mean the bank will just close down the account to derisk. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:31:30
Yea that is a thing. Compliance Depts usually have an internal blacklist of companies they deem too much of a risk to deal with even if "technically" said companies aren't illegal per se.
for ex. A bank or MSC that has constantly given us trouble in providing us accurate information to Compliance queries will get blackballed internally. Same for a bank where a surge of fraudulent xfers been sourced to. It could also be negative news surrounding a particular entity. 
For example, the whole bruhaha with Habib Bank holding correspondent accounts for Al Rajhi Bank (a Saudi Bank linked to T-Financing) was blacklisted internally at my previous employer due to public record information about said financing. We compiled a dossier and report to the CCO, and we just stopped doing all business with it. The above logic applies to companies and individuals also. 