@_author: bytemaster-dan
@_date: 2014-07-07 01:58:30
nimblecoin is very interesting except for being POW based.   The optimizations to allow fast block propagation assume all nodes have heard of all transactions; however, from experience in our test networks this assumption is not safe if you want to control flooding attacks.  In the event of a transaction flood nodes must limit their transaction buffers and stop propagating once full.   
Never the less fast propagation is critical.
@_date: 2014-07-06 19:37:41
I would like to add that almost all attacks assume dealings with an anonymous counter-party:  the one you are attempting to trick into giving you money.   
No transaction of significant value will be made with such anonymous counter parties and the creators of the chain would have far more to lose than the value of any anonymous transaction.
The laws of economics must apply to security evaluation and not just technical possibility.  
TaPOS is effectively a way to generate a moving checkpoint as all shareholders are effectively declaring a checkpoint when they make a transaction.   Once 51% of the shares have passed the checkpoint then you have unambiguous consensus.   
The challenge we faced with TaPOS was deciding who gets to produce the next block.  TaPOS was just too slow on its own, this is why DPOS was created.    With DPOS and voting for delegates in every transaction we accelerated the process of TaPOS from months to minutes and the result is the fastest confirmation time of any system.
 
@_date: 2014-07-11 02:56:29
Don't forget bitshares and Nxt and Ripple, which also have their own chains and are further developed than Ethereum.  
Delegated Proof-of-Stake, TITAN Transactions, 10 sec confirmations, better scalability, millions of crowd funding etc all make Bitshares a leading contender in this space. 
For a comparison: 
@_date: 2014-07-06 19:27:35
Distributed Consensus doesn't even require computers and has been the basis of all governments and property rights since the beginning of time.   
What we are really talking about is how to change ownership of digital assets according to defined cryptographic and algorithm rules.   POW and POS is just a means of reaching 'short-term' consensus, but the real consensus is in the INTENT of the system and not some arbitrary metric such as longest chain.  
There is never any reason for anyone to consider a fork they have never seen unless there has been a clear disruption to the physical infrastructure or major bug in the code.   In either case consensus is normally very clear among the people and the ledgers will merge.
So all that remains is the hypothetical attack where the attacker presents you with a false chain based upon their control of the genesis stake.   
The solutions are very simple:  genesis stake should be very diversified (PTS/AGS) and the average user should be using light-weight clients connected to trusted parties via public key validation.   
At the end of the day the focus needs to be on how to scale performance while allowing the shareholders to retain control.  This is where Delegated Proof of Stake shines.   
With DPOS and a widely distributed genesis stake, it is almost impossible to pull off the so-called attacks on POS because getting delegates to have a high approval rating requires actually controlling stake and an attack chain will be limited in how much stake can be mobilized to support it. 