@_author: bytemycoin
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:20:43
This is a fantastic approach. Going directly to those who appoint Lawsky's position and the fact that a midterm election will happen soon will make the take this a bit more seriously. 
@_date: 2014-07-28 17:03:29
We agree, that is why in partnership with the Open Source Financial Developers Association a few of us in NY has decided to target the Governor and legislators in NY, those who appoint the superintendent of the NYSDFS to bring attention to this matter. This is bitlicense is opensource over reach and effects the whole tech space. This is the only petition that actually goes over Lawsky's head and make responsible those who are do for a midterm elections in a few months.  We will also call and lobby every assembly person and state senator. then Physically knock on each one of their doors. We are looking for support on this initiative.  Please read this petition and sign it to help our efforts.  We would also like to align with well known people in the community to help get the word out.  The petition can be read and seen here : 
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:23:01
This is the approach that makes most sense so far.  lawsky is not an elected individual but appointed by the governor and legislators.  This is the approach I feel is most productive.  We need to community to come together and back this petition.  
@_date: 2014-02-20 01:20:23
This does very little. It simply states that people can use it to make purchases and use it for accepting payments or making payments. There may be significant negative affect of this law going through.  The issue in the US with virtual currency is money transmission and this does nothing to help address that.  Actually this may allow the authorities to now impose money transmission laws on virtual currencies they could not impose before.  Refer to the bitcoin foundations response to a cease and diciest where Perkin Coie expressly states that California law has no jurisdiction on virtual currency to enforce money transmission regulation (  Wake up guys, this is a sheep in wolf clothing.  Worse even is that so many companies suffer from being money transmission companies even outside of bitcoin. Take airbnb, because they sit in the middle of a renter and a landlord they are a money transmission company.  It continues to stifle innovation. I would not be that excited about being a californian unless you are a simple retailer that wants clarity on taking virtual currency. I don't know of a single retailer that is concerned with this. So why pass it? I see a shark (regulator) in the tank influencing such a vote.  The government of California was embarrassed enough with the response to the cease and desist response and a unanimous vote like this shows it is top government influenced.  If this goes through (prob when) any business in the US dealing in Virtual Currency will be subject to laws it was not subject to before. Again refer to the response above) Who is excited about this again??? 
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:16:14
let's have those who appoint him (his bosses ) at the state legislature give him another tip.  Midterm elections are a few months away. the bitlicense petition is here to get ready to lobby the governor and legislature and wake him up to the fact that we are not banks and we vote. If you have not yet done so please support by reading and signing it at bitlicensePetition.org 
@_date: 2014-07-30 21:13:00
Great job, lets keep hitting them from every angle.  We are starting a lobbying effort at the state level and are the ones that started the bitlicense petition in preparation for it's release. This is the start of the effort to go to our govern and legislators in the State capital. those who appoint the superintendent.  Read more and sign the petition at bitlicensePetition.org 
@_date: 2015-01-26 01:34:20
This is fantastic.  great job! I agree with the others that it would be nice to have the ability to connect to some popular exchanges to do market order sells so the merchant can get fiat. Keep up the great work. Also a lighthouse crowdfunding push would not be a bad idea.  
@_date: 2018-10-08 23:26:56
Just wear a bitcoin button. You can expose your payment address via your phone wallet when the customer is ready, it is safer to use a new payment address on each transaction.  That way you advertise bitcoin all the time and yourself.  Welcome to the community.  Hit us up with the restaurant's name. I'll tip in bitcoin and will come down to check out the food!
@_date: 2017-11-06 00:27:22
You need not explain to me how bitcoin works I am an engineer that build on bitcoin. 
Why do you keep harping on criminals? And the ability to trace bitcoins. One can also tumble them and loose the trace fairly easily, or even commingle on worldwide exchanges and loose the trail.  The Saudi government will decide who is criminals at their discretion. Heck women unaccompanied can be criminals in that nation. The article need not mention bitcoin for someone understand that such types of policy cause one to seek avenues where they can protect their money from false accusations.  The alternative, as you mention, is cash but not so easily protected and transported. So yes, it directly relates to controlling possession of ones own money where their government  is unable seize it. An article need not mention bitcoin for one to see the value it provides in the context of the article.  I have bitcoin private keys encoded into images. Let them find that. 
@_date: 2017-11-05 18:03:54
My comment nowhere discusses the criminal class yet emphasizes the value of holding your  own money and not allowing governments to seize it. I never imply anything else so your reply makes unneeded assumptions.  This is extremely relevant to bitcoin.  