@_author: bzpython
@_date: 2019-08-23 13:25:26
I grant this, and really Proof of Work is a marvelous invention for reasons you guys have explored thoroughly on this thread. But at the end, it is exactly what it is called: Proof of WORK. The fact that a lot of energy was expended does not imply anything about the honesty of the person who expended the energy.
At the bottom layer, it is still the selection of the node operator which transactions will be included in a block. Bitcoin is supposed to be a censorship-resistant system, such that if I refuse to include your transaction in my block, the next miner (chosen at random) will. But if the vast majority of blocks are created by a small number of miners, it only requires a collusion between those miners to censor some transaction.
Glancing at blockchain.com, it seems that virtually all Bitcoin hash power (and therefore blocks) come from about 12 pools. At the time of writing, it seems not even a single block in about the past week has come from any miner other than these pools. It is not difficult to imagine that  were the stakes high enough, someone with money or political influence could entice only 12 organizations to abide by certain rules about what transactions they will admit into new blocks.
So although the work (expenditure of energy) has been proved, this doesnt necessarily guarantee the honesty or quality of the data being secured by the work. That quality boils down to human dynamics, just like it would in Proof of Stake et al.
@_date: 2019-08-23 13:49:43
I'll agree to disagree on some of these points :).
For me, twice the money spent on all gasoline in the United States simply to secure the currency which (ideally) would be used to pay for the gasoline is an absurdity. (Truthfully the value of the US dollar is secured by enormous legal, police and military expenditure which is far greater than the mining cost I suggested... but that's another argument ;) ).
I also disagree that all the other use cases for blockchain are nonsensical. It's true that they are extremely less efficient than conventional centralized systems, but these properties may be ameliorated with future developments of blockchain or related technologies (as you pointed out, we are in the infant stages.) The value of such systems emerges anywhere that two or more entities with competing interests must mutually agree on a history of events. In some use cases it may even be appropriate to pick the block creators by hand in federated networks. But I take your meaning that money is the most generalized and decentralized kind of value we can think in terms of, for purposes of imagining incentive schemes to subvert such a network.
I share your optimism that in the future more people will run their own nodes and trust those above centralized services. I hope we can agree that there are other classes of improvements which can still be made in the user experience of blockchains which might facilitate this broader and more legitimate form of decentralization.
@_date: 2019-08-23 12:52:52
I agree that the energy costs wont rise above the value of the coins mined, but this collective energy usage could still become absurdly high. Imagine a million dollar bitcoin (as *some* have suggested lol), at a block reward of 6.25. This would mean spending even 35 million dollars per hour (collectively) would yield, on average, a profit of 2.5 million dollars. This would mean around 300 billion dollars annually spent on mining. Compare this to approximately 150 billion spent annually on gasoline in America. All this to secure 21 trillion dollars in liquid currency (proximal to the GDP of the US for only one year.) Greater cost may mean greater security, but where do we draw the line at when the cost becomes absurd?
What you deride as "shitcoins" really encompass any other blockchain which is created for any other purpose, so long as they use Proof of Work for a guarantee of security. Cryptocurrency is the first application of blockchain, but by no means the last, as people experiment with distributed file sharing, generalized smart contracts, legal or supply chain applications etc. These blockchains could be used to track ownership of assets which far outweigh the value of the tokens on the blockchain. So I interpret your comment here to mean that Proof of Work is only good for a blockchain which is primarily a cryptocurrency, one of those, there can only he one leader which the market elects which can be considered secure (in the current case, Bitcoin.) That's exactly why I think novel proof mechanisms are important. A diversity of blockchains may simultaneously exist, and for all except the largest, it is a positive quality if external mining power cannot be readily shifted between them.
I am not convinced by your explanation that it would make little difference if most miners and exchanges decided to suddenly respect a new hard fork. Their nodes may only comprise, say, 1% of the network. But that 1% of the nodes constitutes the portal by which the vast majority of non-node-operating crypto users assess the truth and value of the coins. I agree that deploying such an attack would weaken public faith in Bitcoin significantly, destroying its value and thereby the profits of exchanges and miners. But by that point, we are no longer debating *whether* the chain can be modified by a collusion of many actors, we are only arguing how many it would take, how central they must he, and what their incentives are. That brings us to a security no better than Proof of Stake. The Proof of Work does not magically secure the chain any more than the collection of most socially trusted node operators will allow. This is perhaps best exemplified by the Ethereum community's collective decision to undo the DAO via hard fork.
@_date: 2019-08-23 11:19:14
Certainly proof of work has some nice properties as you've described, but I think there are a few cases where it breaks down.
The energy consumption of Bitcoin today is large, but manageably large. If usage continues to increase and price continues to rise, this may not always be the case. In the next decades the price could make investment in mining hardware 100, 1000, 10,000x where it is now-- where does it stop? It's an ugly property of a computer system to consume such an inordinate amount of energy.
Even if this is secure for Bitcoin, can this same security be counted on for other competing cryptocurrencies with lower hash rates? Most cryptos have a tiny fraction of the hardware power. In the simpler case, cryptos using the same hash algorithm can be suddenly targeted by a small fraction of the total Bitcoin mining power to double spend on those chains freely. This means, at the least, those cryptos are not secure, as a large Bitcoin miner could suddenly execute a 51% attack and rewrite spends he has made on the lesser chain. If we say the solution to this problem is that Bitcoin should be the only Proof of Work currency, then we greatly constrain the growth of new features and technologies which could move Blockchain forward as a field.
Finally, a lesser weakness is that you can still rewrite the Bitcoin blockchain with a collusion of many actors which requires no energy, via a hard fork. If the majority of big miners, exchanges etc decided at once to switch to a node software version which invalidates the chain past some height X, then for the majority of the ecosystem the chain is as good as rewritten. You could still send your coins on the old chain to whatever nodes still respected those rules, for whatever that's worth, and after however many months it would take that high difficulty chain to produce a block once it was abandoned by the big miners.
So I think the door remains open that there can be better systems, which admit up front that a collusion of node operators can ALWAYS rewrite the chain (in a sense), and which dont consume the inordinate amount of energy involved in Proof of Work.