@_author: c00w
@_date: 2014-02-06 00:36:25
I completely agree with you that the paper is a super high level description with basically no protocol specification.
What is a host?
A host is a computer connected to the network which has contributed 64 gigabytes of storage to the network.
Hosts are grouped into blockchains which contain 256? hosts.
Each host on the blockchain stores some data. It proves that is has the data by showing a "random" part of the data that it has each block. If this doesn't agree with everyone else's copy of the data, then the host is penalized and removed from the network.
The obvious problem with this is that you can only make a blockchain so large before it starts melting under the load.
So the root blockchain has subchains below it. These subchains are delegated files to store. They store them by using the same system as described for the root blockchain.
Each Blockchain tracks a random subset of the wallets on the network?
So wallets are just data. And they are distributed over the available storage in a random manner. Specifically if you have wallet with id foo you hash foo with each subchain id in the root blockchain and select the subchain with the highest resultant hash. This is repeated until you find the subchain (or subsubsubsubchain) which is actually storing wallet foo.
How do we know 1.1 isn't lying?
So subchain balances are tracked. This means as a subchain you can't claim to have more money than you actually have. Additionally in order to send a transaction to a parent tree you have to get it signed by the entire subchain. So we believe 1.1 isn't lying because a) it has the money, and b) all the nodes which compose 1.1 signed the transaction.
How does a host prove it has contributed enough storage?
I think this was covered above. Obviously unless the storage is fully utilized you can't prove you have contributed all of your storage, but you can claim that you have contributed some. Also note that payouts are done based on utilized storage. I don't think this was clear in the paper.
In each block?
So the blockchains produce blocks at a set (set by the blockchain so it goes faster if it can, otherwise slows down) rate. Every block should contain a specific amount of information from each host, which was described in the paper. The concensus algorithm was also described in the paper although there was no formal proof of correctness.
Scalability of hosts?
That sentence was misleading. The updates are sent to every host in the blockchain. So 256 hosts.
Scripting Language?
I agree with you that it is completely silly. But its hard to get Taek to stop bolting on features.
@_date: 2014-02-06 00:42:46
Also for the record the point of the scripting language is that it is only for financial stuff, not for arbitrary file manipulations.
@_date: 2014-02-06 01:18:29
Maybe it should have been called a pie in the sky paper or something. Its definitely not the technical paper describing how the protocol works.
@_date: 2013-06-05 04:17:19
Thats pretty cool and useful. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-06-05 03:39:19
So it takes 60 minutes to do a bitcoin transaction where I send money from my address to yours.
Bittoll operates as a transaction server, where you can request a toll from someone, and they can pay it (assuming they have money on the server) in ~200ms. Now the tricky part is getting money on the server. You can deposit money into the server from the bitcoin network, but you still have to pay the 60 minute lag. Or you can bitcoin mine directly from the server, and spend the money immediately (Since the server can guarentee the money will apear in the future). It still takes time to have the money withdrawn but for small tolls it is possible to mine enough with your laptop/smartphone/web browser to pay the toll within a second and without the user perceiving the delay.
Basically I wanted to do awesome things with the bitcoin network like charge 1 cent per email sent, and I needed to build this service to allow it.
@_date: 2013-06-05 04:47:36
I actually didn't know about ripple until today. 
I don't claim to be an expert about ripple, but it looks like ripple operates by building up trust and exchanging IOU's. Basically its another type of currency.
Bittoll retains the bitcoins so you can withdraw them at any point. With mining it is possible to spend the bitcoins before they are recieved in the server, but the server fully expects them to appear, and except for the collapse of p2pool they will appear in the future.
So its a stricter completely open source version of ripple that works in a completely different manner and may solve similar problems? Oh and its not decentralized and is designed to be used as an API rather than another currency?
Caveat: This is based on about 10 minutes of research and a wikipedia page.