@_author: c2471
@_date: 2018-06-29 08:41:07
You should take a look at the open source community, this is not what happens for almost any open source project. 
Firstly, even if they wanted to, the work to add in features that were not considered in the early architecture of a system can be substantially more than creating from scratch. Some might be easy, but some may be incredibly complex to add.
Secondly, for an established project, basically any feature requires proving before it can be added. I'm sure it would be no good for Bitcoin to be adding a load speculative additions and then finding out they don't work as anticipated. This means for Bitcoin to add any non trivial feature, it would have had a good amount of time in use in some other cc. The fact that some feature has been proven to be good elsewhere almost necessitates that Bitcoin would have lost some opportunity of market share to this competitor. In addition, all markets are largely about sentiment. Alternative cc which repeatedly prove to address some shortfall of Bitcoin will reduce belief that Bitcoin is the one that will make it big. 
Thirdly, capital moves faster than technology. It is not instant to absorb ideas into established tech. Aside from technical implementation time, which can be long, you need to build community consensus in a way that a new entrant does not. If some other player solves some problem that impacts any substantial portion of the user base, they can move to this new approach that solves the problem they care about almost instantly. Bitcoin will lose market share before they have a chance to play catch up. Maybe some will recover, but it's hardly a great place of strength. 
Fourth, different users have different and probably opposing needs. It's basically impossible to have one size fits all in any project. Consider fiat and cc. Fiat provides what 99% of people care about. Stability, security, recourse and responsible institutions. It cannot possibly be the ideal thing for each and every individual. It's impossible to please everyone, and Bitcoin will be the same. 
Look at any open source community. For any topic, you will probably find multiple libraries, of varying age. Why is there not only one python Machine learning library? They are open source so why did the first one not absorb the rest? 
And lastly, fiat currency is as pliable as governments wish. If Bitcoin became so great it was better than usd, why would the USD not do the same afterwards? Rather than the dollar be replaced by Bitcoin, why would the US treasury not just add features to USD, in which case Bitcoin would be destroyed?
@_date: 2018-02-05 22:18:07
Why is bitcoin a better hedge against inflation then say investing in an index fund or some other way that people use to store value and not suffer from reductions due to inflation?
Most of the people who actually live under unstable or unethical governments have bigger problems than just inflation. storing your money as a protection from inflation only really works for your "savings". Given the costs of purchasing bitcoin, and its volatility, you cant just get paid in bitcoin and use it to buy your sandwich, just like any other asset which is used to hold value. 
This is generally a rather small part of peoples cash flow - hyperinflation screws the whole currency, so you will still get fucked by the money you don't convert into bitcoin - the cash you use to buy bread. 
When germany experienced hyperinflation before WW2, and people had to take a wheelbarrow full of cash to buy bread, would bitcoin have made people better off? Not really, you may have been able to make a few extra bucks by transferring in and out, but the fact is unless you spent it immediately that value disappeared in about an afternoon. 
Can you give any tangible example of where a more sensible bitcoin would be the best option?
Lastly, it is false to say it acts as a stock on the tech. I could literally lift all the tech out of bitcoin, and use it in some hugely successful product, and it would have no connection to bitcoin. Buying a bitcoin does not accompany any ownership of the underlying tech, and zero rights to anything that comes from the tech. 
Your link seems to contradict your point - you say its a bad form of currency, then post a link where the guy makes superficial points about the nature of currency and why bitcoin is a good substitute. It also isnt really an exit from bad currency or a hedge against them unless it is exposed to the same underlying drivers. How does bitcoin hedge you against hyperinflation? it goes up and down based on supply and demand of bitcoin, which can be postively, negatively or completely uncorrelated to supply and demand of whatever country I happen to live in. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 23:22:38
Has there been some substantial change in the hashing from a year ago? 
If it takes its value from this, how can it have ever been worth 1 usd and 17k usd without a substantial change? The hashing complexity is maintained so its not like its got lots hard to hash. 
Therefore the only logical conclusion is that the value associated with it is not connected to these things. 
In addition, there are lots of hard problems that are worth nothing. How much will you pay me to compute n-dimensional numerical integrals? 