@_author: c3ei3
@_date: 2015-09-24 01:24:50
Everything he said was not obviously right.  Some of the things he said were right.  Yeah its good to incentivize people to pay more to use Bitcoin.  But its much more important to keep Bitcoin cheap for everyone to use.  If we had bigger blocks now then Fidelity Investments might pay millions or 100s of millions of dollars in mining fees to use the capacity of the blockchain.  Its important.
Thinking that higher fees do not drive away users is a big mistake.  Bitcoin gets a lot of its utility by being cheap to transact.  Having higher fees will make it much less appealing to users.  Sure there could still be value if transactions are high, but it would only hold Bitcoin back and make it be replaced by a different currency.  To think that the common man should not be included in your thinking is a huge mistake.  Sure the common man is not the only target.  Big Investment firms liek Fidelity are a target too.  But the common man is what makes Bitcoin work.  If you want a few huge corporations and governments controlling Bitcoin you don't have anything much different than the legacy system we have now.  Centralized control and corruption.  
You misunderstand the quote about its not all about money.  You completely went off on a tangent.  Obviously Bitcoin is money and monetary freedom.  Sure big wigs have influence, but in the end the community has the most influence because we decide which coin to use, and which fork of the software to run.  You are misundestanding the essence of Bitcoin as a social technology.  This is a big mistake a lot of people are making, especially the ones wanting to hold back Bitcoin with a very low blocksize limit.  Bitcoin is and has taken off because of the mainstream.  Its not a myth.  Its regular people who want freedom to buy drugs or have privacy, or sound money.  Its always about the people especially with a social technology.  Bitcoin is much more an incentive system between human beings in a social network than it is a crypto/mathematical system.  This is the big mistake a lot of the mathematicians and coders in the community make.  They are mathematical brains and can't see the social game theory aspect of things.  Saotshi was a wizard at the social game theory because he realized Bitcoin was not perfect, while the people like Peter Todd can't accept Bitcoin's imperfection and kludginess, so they only use the game theory to find flaws and then overstate those flaws as being more serious than they really are.  People like him underestimate the power of the human social element and incentives involved in Bitcoin, which counteracts the flaws.
Sure we should hand Fidelity over 50MB, I think thats even too concervative.  100MB would be better in the short term.  You just told us how Bitcoin is a business and need to sell it to people.  Fidelity wants to buy, yet we are not accomodating.  You sound very hypocritical.