@_author: c4n1curb17s
@_date: 2016-01-14 12:48:22
Mspaint lol I can do better in photoshop, but mspaint is pretty versatile. I want to port it to android someday. Transparent selection, cut/paste and free-form selection are hard to find on a phone, but you know they can handle it. And then there are those key combos like ctrl turns your selection into a stamp, like the clone tool in photoshop. I leave obvious signs in 'art' like this so  it doesn't get too far out of hand and anyone who really looks at it should be able to tell it's not the real deal. I could easily remove those artifacts from where I circled the good numbers, but If I ever make a more realistic fake, I'll probably hide a surprise in the barcode.
@_date: 2016-01-14 12:31:36
Sorry reddit, too broke to tip anything lol. For one, I'd have to drive to Nashville first. And secondly,  it's just a scan of one of my tickets, with bits of my other losing tickets, cut/pasted with mspaint because they were all 100% losers. And then printed in black only, cut out, crumpled, uncrumpled, and 'Pic for attention' then I forgot about it for awhile.  But the question was serious,  because that's where I would invest a large amount of it, and all of reddit would rejoice, and changetip would be rich with withdrawal fees. But I'm not that lucky,  just bored and had a handful of losers and some fake winning ticket photos to try and outdo. I need to focus my energy on more useful things, like programming,  or some way to get un-bitrupt.  I just thought it would be a funny post. If I had won, I would have posted the same question. But I'm a loser. Couldn't even win $4. Still needed to ask the question though, for that one day when I bring one of my world-changing ideas to reality, and actually have $ to do all that awesome stuff I can only dream about.  
@_date: 2016-01-14 13:16:41
Sorry for trolling, my bitcomrades!
@_date: 2016-01-14 13:03:32
I am full of shit , but I am leaning closer to 'retarded artist'. 'Fraud' would be if I were to try and go cash it in, or use it as collateral on a large loan, or something bad like that.