@_author: c4p0ne
@_date: 2016-08-14 02:54:07
That it attracts so many deeply misled "anarcho"-capitalists (the term itself is an oxymoron) and right-wing libertarians with their frankly hideous philosophy and, by now, hysterical fantasies of a stable laissez-faire.
I've always looked at Bitcoin as an amazing technology that, ironically, could be used as a stepping stone toward actually dissolving capitalism (and the social Darwinism that it feeds and magnifies) completely. Of course, such a powerful tool/form of money in the hands of swaths of profit-over-people-seeking right-wing ultra-capitalist psychotics does not bode well for the survival of the human species. Bitcoin is like nuclear energy, it can be used by populations (and *actual* anarchists) to prevent civilization from imploding under the unsustainable system of capitalism, wiping out the cancer of private tyrannies (horizontalizing them). OR, in right-libertarian/ancap hands, it can be used to render this planet as it once was: Uninhabited by human life.
@_date: 2016-08-20 08:33:52
Mmmm, the potential death of a disgusting corporate monstrosity always puts me in a good mood for the day with a smile on my face. I hope all of the Coinbases of the world crumble into dollar dust.
@_date: 2016-04-17 11:12:24
Lmao @ fighting GOOD things.
@_date: 2015-12-26 09:12:35
The halvening is coming..........
@_date: 2015-06-27 09:41:18
It's a *fucking mess*.
@_date: 2015-12-01 18:27:59
First, that's a wide, sweeping assertion that is not entirely true. However, it's still a defeatist position that reinforces defeatist behavior and non-action in others, which in turn helps to maintain a stagnate status-quo. With many revolts/revolutions have also come varying levels of progress. Challenging (and ultimately abolishing) vertical structures of human-domination doesn't happen overnight. Personally, I could never never take the position of *"screw it, we can't do any better, so let them continue raping us".* At any rate, your prediction isn't really a prediction at all, because it is based on the false premise that change doesn't happen, even on small level. It's just defeatism, and to some extent, fatalism.
@_date: 2015-12-01 12:21:48
They do, on occasion (again, see Bernie Madoff). But since its so much easier to lord-over and steal from the poor (as they have for centuries, if not millenia), there remains very little reason to steal from their own class. In fact, the reason Madoff got it so bad was because the very survival of the ruling class *depends* on siphoning wealth from an obedient working-class/poor.
@_date: 2015-12-01 11:57:56
"lol" By the masses they lord over.
@_date: 2015-06-06 10:44:44
We're talking $50 Billion, right?:
Find people with important skills (doctors, surgeons, firemen, farmers, engineers, etc) who are willing to engage in projects to create fully self-sustainable environments. Bring those skilled people together with other Bitcoin supporters to organize communities that run exclusively on end-to-end Bitcoin transactions (**everyone** in the community accepts/uses Bitcoin), in a meaningful attempt to cut fiat rag-paper almost completely out of the framework, except for the remaining theft of taxation, etc. (problems we'll solve later on).
Create and fund projects that not only decontaminate people of their propagandized fear of using cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, but that actually teach people how to effectively acquire, use, and properly secure their Bitcoins. Like funding experts to go to areas where Bitcoin is desperately needed to educate the locals as to what it is and how to use it. Then, pour as much Bitcoin as needed into those communities in order to help bootstrap their new micro-economies.
Create and strategically place tens of thousands of additional self-sustainable, self-maintaining blockchain nodes all around the world to further stabilize, secure, and decentralize the network. Self sustaining in this case means a device powered by some form of renewable energy such as solar, wind, etc. Plug it in, network it, forget it.
Build and strategically place hundreds (or thousands if possible) of additional "mini-mining" facilities all around the world. Again, these would all be small mining farms that are sustained solely by solar, wind, geothermal, hydroelectric, and other forms of clean energy. Those small facilities would be maintained by vetted, trusted individuals who will essentially be compensated for their oversight by the block rewards. 
That's only a **small** part of what I'd do if I had that sort of rag-paper.
@_date: 2015-06-12 15:12:19
You're forgetting about private tyrannies. Arguably far worse than the state. After all, they essentially nourish it, in return for its protection in the form of bailouts, etc.
@_date: 2015-12-01 19:48:17
Yeah, I hear that. There ARE problems though. Incidentally, I support non-violent revolution, but I'm not against revolt either for those brave enough to carry out such bold activities against tyranny. I identify as more of a syndicalist... So, I think for agorism to have any effect at all STILL requires the abolition of private-tyranny, which is currently a much more malign form of tyranny than the state itself. Remember, states are inherently (and necessarily) violent institutions, but look at who they operate at the behest of!
@_date: 2015-06-03 15:03:31
Except that Bitcoin is designed in such a way as to permit the wholesale bypass of private banking. In other words, what bank account? YOU ARE essentially your own bank. You planning on leveraging negative interest on yourself?
@_date: 2015-06-07 14:44:03
Actually, since 2014, the Visa network is capable of 45,000 t/ps during peak times. 2000~3000 t/ps is just what they average. But guess what? By their own _proud admisssion_, it takes **billions** to keep that bulky, wasteful infrastructure running. Redundancy, security, hundreds of tons of gasoline that power backup generators that keep their facilities running for weeks in case of power outage. Now add to that the costs in manpower/maintenance of the additional networks you mentioned. Add to that, that this has been going on for decades on-end with no real improvement _other_ than t/ps (to accommodate the purchase of more useless shit via dilapidated credit-card tech). See, when put into context, the 6 year-old baby Bitcoin network in all its "scaling turmoil" is still looking pretty fucking good, bub.
Will Bitcoin be able to compete with all of these parasitic global dynasties of human-bleeding? Given a decade, I think it will not only compete, but begin laying-waste to them. And good riddance.... Time will tell.
@_date: 2015-12-02 18:42:00


This is a conversation stopper, since it is uncontaminated by reasonable thinking, or any shred of knowledge as to the worth of revolutions, historically. In addition it throws a very wide blanket of generalization over the word revolution as well. Needless to say, the *almost* part is again conveniently ignored. The blunt assertion that all revolutions are led by sociopaths also seems to be sterile of any rational forethought.


Make up your mind, is it always, or almost? 


First, it's not "my little" revolution. Direct action is never about one individual. Second, see above.


What are talking about? What do you think I'm trying to tell you?
@_date: 2015-12-01 21:15:58


If even a single one of those objectives you've mapped onto revolutionary action were true, I might even agree. But since they are all patently false, I do not.


Key word: almost. Revolutions aren't looking for the "always" part, they're striving toward the "almost" part. Furthermore, self-defense against violence is justified. Revolution (direct-action) is a response to a type of violence that is currently impossible to deal with in other ways. The state is slowly becoming a proxy through which corporations (private tyrannies) leverage their will/violence. I can't believe so many right-libertarians and "anarcho"-capitalists (a contradiction in terms) so reliably fail to see this. If states are to go, SO must ALL vertical structures of human domination, friend. ESPECIALLY the corporate monstrosities that have actually been the epicenter of human-misery in the world. That is to say, TNC's (many of which are enormous financial institutions, surprise surprise). They must be dismantled and re-structured horizontally. Decentralization in all aspects of society.
@_date: 2015-06-26 12:41:26
It's a tall order, but the effort is well-warranted.
@_date: 2015-06-07 09:37:58
Enough horse shit. Everybody grab Hearn's Bitcoin XT from Github and simply replace your Bitcoin Core binaries ASAP. Every last hardheaded dolt is moving to bigger blocks. No one is getting left behind. You all know that Satoshi had originally coded Bitcoin for UNLIMITED block size, do you not? The 1MB cap was simply put in to mitigate DoS on the network. Now, all you 1MB babies stop whining like little girls and **lets get the fucking show on the road:**
@_date: 2015-06-07 10:48:07
As I've said elsewhere, this is a pretty big and needed kick. This should kick the can clean into the next district, so that we _do_ have sufficient time to come up with better solutions to scaling massively post 20MB. Again, developers need some time to think calmly &amp; clearly about something this important to the whole of civilization, this should give it to them.
@_date: 2015-06-13 16:39:22
Bigger fish to fry atm, but still fantastic.
@_date: 2015-06-12 22:19:52
It's a good ad for the effects of Sodium Pentathol.
@_date: 2015-06-29 12:24:32
After having read this entire section, it surprises me that no one has mentioned one of the most important things that Bitcoin requires in order to be properly bootstrapped into communities:
Vendors and people _must start accepting it for products and services_. Why do people always seem to forget, or put this at the bottom of the list? Permit me to use myself as an example. I've got plenty of BTC that I would just LOVE to start liquefying LOCALLY. But with ZERO vendors, or even freelancers accepting Bitcoin for some sort of service, my Bitcoins are simply stuck with me.
The summary is: Owning Bitcoins and educating people as to how to properly acquire, transact, and store them securely is certainly important, but simply NOT enough. Brave people need to step forward and start physically accepting Bitcoins for their products/services.
@_date: 2015-06-07 10:27:40
YES. So lets KICK the goddamn thing down the road already so that developers have the necessary time to produce STABLE and VIABLE solutions to scaling post 20MB. Don't forget the fact that it's **a pretty big kick** down the road. Man that can is fucking three towns over. But that's the point. TIME. Everyone wants to rush in with lightning networks and all kinds of other half-assed solutions. Well, think of this "can-kicking" as something that gives even YOU guys the time to iron out the kinks in YOUR proposals.
@_date: 2015-06-03 18:30:05
Patience, friend. If all goes well, we may end up not having to even pay half of the unjustified **shit** that is leveraged forcefully upon us...... Patience, perseverance, and a big mouth that rattles on about Bitcoin, unafraid to face the criticism of ill-informed (and often ill-lettered) anti-bitcoin troglodytes.
@_date: 2015-06-03 14:55:17
Are you suggesting that Bitcoin is a "government project" designed to move us from rag-paper to "digital money", and that Bitcoin is actually some freakish totalitarian nightmare waiting to happen? If so, then this conversation is already over as this foundationless idea has been addressed and pretty much eviscerated on many occasions. **I think we should be very careful before we engage in giving any unnecessary attention to quackery of this sort.**
If I misunderstood what you said, accept my sincere apologies.
@_date: 2015-06-20 10:04:07
The only thing Americans are getting, is fatter, and dumber.
@_date: 2015-06-29 21:47:29
DAMN IT!... j/k =P
@_date: 2015-06-12 13:55:21
It's cool, Bitcoin's been in hairy situations before.
@_date: 2015-06-03 13:14:07
This isn't really a "war on cash", as much as it is a struggle to rein in a global economic tyranny of behemothic dimensions. To end (or at least, heavily mitigate) the financial terrorism imposed upon civilization by an ever-distilling pool of wealthy &amp; powerful sociopaths and psychopaths. 
Best case, this technology should allow civilization to end the tyranny of the few, abolishing necessarily violent, criminal institutions such as nation-states and their puppet masters (private banking). Worst case, this massive global experiment known as Bitcoin should wind up allowing those who use it to at least circumnavigate these hideous monstrosities. I'll take that over nothing.
@_date: 2015-06-07 13:09:58
Untrusted? Mike Hearn is a core developer, numpty.
@_date: 2015-06-07 10:38:26
32 And growing. Keep pushing.
@_date: 2015-06-13 09:24:34
These extortionists are making tens of millions off of this heinous racket. Of course, it pales in comparison to your everyday bankster, but still. I had a friend who told me a story about a local church in his neighborhood that got their shit jacked up. Apparently, 80 years of files encrypted to shit after the rootkit had taken hold of the old, unpatched Windows XP machine.
The ransom was something like $1000 in Bitcoin, with an extortion-expiration date, whereby the ransom automatically increased to $3000 if not paid on time. Of course, (as anyone in their right mind would) he struggled to find some app on the net that would reverse the encryption, right up until a week before the ransom expiration. 
At this point, he decided not to cut it too close. After not having found anything that was capable of undoing the mess these ignoramus god-tards had gotten themselves into, he winds up on shitty coinbase, goes through ALL the draconian KYC/AML bank horseshit, finally places an order for $1000 in BTC.........  **and coinbase fucking delays the transaction for a whole week.** Apparently the price was on an upswing during that period and coinbase didn't want to, well, you know the scumbags.
So now the ransom bumps to $3000. FUCK IT. These 80 years of ragged church documents are *too important*. He finally manages to extract - like a dentist pulling teeth - $3000/BTC from coinbase, goes to pay the ransom only to find out the files have been _fucking double-encrypted_ by some secondary, unrelated ransomware.
**JESUS WAS DEFINITELY NOT LOOKING OUT FOR THESE MO FO'S**
@_date: 2015-12-01 21:47:39
How did you get "banning guns" from that? The idea is no more dominating hierarchy *wherever* that hierarchy exists. Sure, gun issues can *be* connected to this (in that if the state is foolishly abolished in the absence of a similar plan for corporate conglomerates, we will see an exponential rise in *private violence*, and so on), but for the sake of concision in this thread, should remain an entirely separate (and I suspect, much larger) conversation.
@_date: 2015-06-10 15:51:21
112... allright. Slowly getting this show on the road!
@_date: 2015-06-03 15:14:22
Good. In that case, everyone should rinse regularly, as to create a well-warranted nightmare for those who would seek to analyze the blockchain with malicious intentions (such as those you mentioned). The more people mix their coins, the better. It's not a perfect way to fight back, but at least a decent one until better, easier, cheaper ways emerge to maintain anonymity for Bitcoin.
Eventually, I expect to see apps that auto-launder coins as an inherent protection measure for the masses of technologically and politically illiterate... And in the process, this protects the rest of us who do know what's at stake as well. =)
@_date: 2015-06-26 21:19:27
Bitcoin hasn't scaled enough for adoption by Greece (11 million people) yet. However, it will get there eventually and people of Greece really should start slowly bootstrapping Bitcoin into their communities.
@_date: 2015-06-12 08:23:05
Har har.
@_date: 2015-06-12 21:40:31
If I were any calmer, I'd be in a couffin. Btw, sn, randomly generated (so that's the story behind that). I couldn't bring myself to not use it. =)
@_date: 2015-06-07 13:22:40
go away.
@_date: 2015-06-26 10:14:15
Excellent watch. Diabolical systems of human-bleeding. Hopefully Bitcoin can heavily mitigate this, if not put an end to it one day.
@_date: 2015-06-29 12:44:53
It won't. Eventually you'll get scooped out by behemothic, heavily destructive logging equipment. So hang around and fight. You're acquiring Bitcoin, which may very well set you apart from the bewildered-herd of consumerized human-drones, stumbling maladroit though malls and on-line shopping networks looking for that next sweet pair of $300 sweatshop Nikes, or that 3rd cool tablet device in a single year (even though well aware they're behind on rent with only a half-filled bottle of ketchup in the fridge). And that's a huge step in and of itself.
@_date: 2015-06-20 12:54:27
The irony is that Greece, being one of the countries that is in most desperate need of slowly bootstrapping Bitcoin into their communities, also happens to be the country where the **least** amount of people even know about its very existence, let alone what it is or does. I'd say 9 out of 10 people I talk to on the street here *still* have no fucking idea of Bitcoin's existence. Of course, it is wholly unsurprising that the media here hasn't made a single solitary peep about Bitcoin (not even to defame it). Our media brainwashing apparatus is roughly the equivalent of the mainstream monstrosity in the US. The idea is this: The less Greek people know about technologies like Bitcoin, the better.
Economic Terrorism: 1 Bitcoin: 0
@_date: 2015-06-11 09:56:39
Provided that all the scaling and decentralization issues are solved, I still see the blockchain/bitcoin as a fantastic trojan-horse for the criminal institutions attempting to leverage it for their own malign intentions.
When I see financial terrorists like Goldman Sachs pour 50 million into the bitcoin space for instance, I feel great. Why? Because I look at it as them hanging themselves with their own noose. They think they're going to be able to pervert this technology, homogenizing it into their long-running criminal dynasties of human exploitation....... And for a time, It may even look as though they're succeeding. But I believe they're actually biting off more than they can chew.
If the conditions of maintaining proper levels of decentralization, solving scaling, and ubiquitous acknowledgment of value (adoption) are met, well, that's when the party begins. That is to say, when people finally discover that they actually don't need these institutions AT ALL to transact with one another, directly, free of the repugnant bureaucracy of states, and the private tyranny of corporate monstrosities.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:49:12
By the time governments (and private tyrannies) realize the scope &amp; scale of what Bitcoin can actually do for civilization, it'll likely be too late for them to take action to even mitigate its effects, let alone stop them. Of course, we have at least a decade-long "danger zone" left before this statement can hope to become reality. From an engineering perspective, I have finally come to understand, and admit to myself that Bitcoin could indeed be choked to death in this vulnerable, infant stage of its existence.
It is for this reason, we're going to need to zip a lot of lip, and do a lot of head-nodding in the face of these monstrous enterprises of human exploitation in order to allow sufficient time for this Trojan-horse to be wheeled in through the gates. "Yes, yes, and yes summore, sirs. Oh absolutely sir, we agree." Let the shitty VC's and Goldman Sachs pour hundreds of millions into Bitcoin. They're doing it a favor, so let them. In fact, the only time we should even be raising eyebrows imho, is when there are attempts to steer the actual code in sinister directions with the intent of crippling Bitcoin in order to homogenize it into the current diabolically immoral, failed system. All of those attempts should be fought with extreme truculence, tooth &amp; nail.
Other than that, Bitcoin requires only **3** vital ingredients to survive and begin the second stage in its journey of laying waste to the 3000 year-old empire of funding war, extortion, human exploitation, and wholesale nation-bleeding (as in the case of Greece) known as private banking:
1. Solving issues of scaling massively.
2. Increasing decentralization (both generally and with mining).
3. TIME.
Number 3 is the "magic" component. Governments, Private tyrannies (banks/TNC's) need to truly believe that this thing is going to turn out well for them. Luckily, they're starting to do so. Good, **let's keep it that way until the network is strong enough to reliably defend itself, and offer *meaningful* resistance against these malignant global cancers.**
@_date: 2015-06-01 19:49:36
FUCK IT. Let's get the show on the road already!
@_date: 2015-06-03 18:25:02
Thanks for clearing that up. Indeed, we should all be concerned about banksters increasing their already viperous economic stranglehold. Notice, I too have a bank account, transacting often in shitty rag-paper Euros. But that doesn't mean I support the current system of banking. In fact, I consider it an abomination that will hopefully be abolished in the next few decades, thanks to Bitcoin and blockchain-based currencies in general.
Banks are solving a problem that does not exist anymore, again, thanks to Bitcoin and the like. But the masses have not yet come to understand that, and it's gonna take a while for it to sink in. THAT'S why we still use banking and fiat snot-paper: Because it's the only form of "money" that is utterly ubiquitous in its identification, usage, and acceptance everywhere. **It's the only thing we've known!**
Providing all the scaling/speed/security/usability kinks are ironed out (all INTERNAL issues btw), then all it will take is for Bitcoin/crypto to hit a critical-mass of adoption.... That's when things will really start changing fast.
@_date: 2015-12-01 11:59:21
So you're obviously suggesting that other members of the ruling class handle themselves. The problem here is that the wealthy strictly do not steal from each other. Madoff made the mistake of violating the reverse Robin-hood principle (the idea that you're supposed to steal from the working-class/poor, and never from your own sociopath wealthy class). He got punished accordingly. 
@_date: 2015-06-28 09:40:14
Because we have a world that has been penetrated by a 24/hour, cradle-to-the-grave level of elite-furnished propaganda (insane western propaganda being the most proliferated in scope &amp; scale). There are thousands upon thousands of "PR" firms in the US alone who work exclusively for corporate interests. And their primary directive is to get swaths of people to believe and do things that are not in their best interest, but always in the interest of corporate/government monstrosities. And it's been very, very, VERY effective. The US (for example) has been successfully converted mostly into a nation of deeply dumbed-down, consumer drones.
@_date: 2015-06-01 16:55:46
Here we go.
@_date: 2015-12-01 17:46:21
Except that, you simply can't *know* that. But what's even more chilling, is that it is a common defeatist position that is drilled into us from the cradle to the grave by a 24/hour corporate propaganda apparatus.
@_date: 2015-06-07 13:19:20
Yeah, you are generally correct in your calculation, although it depends on the average number of bytes per tx. It actually may be slightly higher or lower. For some reason I was thinking of 420 MB blocks (the blocksize it would take to compete with Visa) when I did the calculation in-head. Ironically, I was not high. Apologies, correction made. Incidentally, this still does not change the fact that 3~7 to 100+ is still a significant can-kick, which is the main point.
@_date: 2015-06-13 19:56:00
What happens if Bitcoin becomes globally recognized as having value and accepted as a ubiquitous form of payment in every corner of the world? What happens in the next few decades (again, assuming scaling and decentralization issues are solved) when people discover that they actually don't need to do business with banks (or any kind of middlemen) _at all_, opting to transact directly with one another, and with operations who've similarly rid themselves of doing business using the dilapidated, wasteful, environmentally disastrous, and intrinsically immoral infrastructure of the banking system (which is utterly contaminated with elite and well-protected criminals) we know today?
@_date: 2015-06-03 18:08:50
I wasn't responding to (i) or (ii). Just (iii). But I'll see what I can do.


But there's always a reason, and the reason is universal: Privacy. Yes, we have people who pretend (or actually think that) they don't care about privacy, but that's a separate issue.


Indeed, these are very depressing issues. Bitcoin removes the trust equation only to have it re-introduced by mixers. And not only that, but they're not foolproof, and they also charge percentage fees (albeit small ones). But as I said, this is temporary until a better solution emerges.


First off, I must say the idea of coins being arbitrarily labeled as "tainted" by some unaccountable state monstrosity, or private tyranny really brings the vomit up into my mouth. But I understand that these violent and unjustified institutions do exist, and that people need to be wary. But that's the point. Making it impossible for state tyrants to go after people because nearly everyone has "tainted" coins. 
It'll be like the MPAA/RIAA running around like decapitated chickens issuing lawsuits against anonymous little girls, or people who don't even exist all over again. And trying to stop people from torrenting failed miserably for them. I think this will too, if we play our coins right.
@_date: 2015-06-12 00:16:55
Correct. And human beings need to band together and decontaminate themselves of this kind of fear, further increasing the scope &amp; scale of their Bitcoin activities in direct proportion to the size of the criminal authoritarian threats emerging from these unjustified monstrosities.
@_date: 2015-06-12 21:01:02
GS has finally come to understand the potentially devastating implications of cryptocurrency (in particular, Bitcoin) on its utterly immoral, criminal activities. Naturally, they will NOT sit idle while this thing grows to a size in which it can lay-waste to their dynasty of global financial terrorism, driving it to the abyss of obsolescence (where it belongs). No one truly knows how this will play out, but Sachs pouring 50 million into the Bitcoin space is a *sure* sign of a movement (now in its primordial stages) to co-opt and homogenize Bitcoin into their malignant "business" models.
Will they succeed in turning Bitcoin into an utter perversion of what it was designed to be? Actually, I don't think so. I believe this time, they've bitten off more than they can chew, and that Bitcoin (providing scaling and decentralization issues are solved) will end-up becoming the noose by with which GS, and other deeply criminal enterprises eventually *hang themselves*. Thus, I welcome the investment in this Trojan horse. =)
**Fingers crossed.**
@_date: 2015-06-07 18:24:46


Credit cards were developed in the late 40's early 50's, son. My statement about there being little to NO real innovation in credit-card technology has been spot-on. Chip and pin and NFC as the "big" innovation. This is such a flimsy defence of innovation in that space, even **you** don't believe what you're saying.


Indeed, every wealth-siphoning dynasty of human exploitation needs a working-class under their boots to do the dirty work that can't be automated.


Securing the blockchain isn't "pissing money" away. Nor is it anywhere near a tool of human-bleeding as any of the credit-card empires.


*Each Visa data center is state-of-art facility and resembles a fortress with focus on both data center security and cyber security. It can withstand earthquakes and hurricane-force winds of up to 170 mph. A 1.5-million-gallon storage tank cools the system. Diesel generators onsite have enough power, in the event of an outage, to keep the center running for nine days.*
*Indeed, everything in Visa’s processing infrastructure - from entire data centers to computers, individual processors and communications switches - has a backup. Even the backups have backups. For example, the Washington center has four rotating uninterruptible power supply (UPS) units (only three are needed) driven by the local utility and backed up by an array of batteries and four 1-megawatt diesel-powered generators. The 24,000 gallons of diesel fuel stored on-site is enough to power the center for a week. The UPS units protect the center from possible power fluctuations. The facility has enough redundant cooling capacity to air-condition 300 homes.*
24,000 Gallons. Nearly 1 ton. Now, multiply that by all the Visa facilities of this sort in the world and there you have it.


It looks pretty good because it took Visa 60 years to reach 50,000 t/ps (and that's PEAK volume). And Bitcoin is poised to do that in less than half the time, at a fraction of the cost, with a fraction of the bureaucracy, a fraction of the complexity in software/hardware/moving parts, and with a trustless network that pushes innovation to the edges, and allows people to actually innovate without the permission of their overlords. Visa, and others following that corrupt model of exploitation will soon be dinosaurs.


Sure it does. But it won't need even half of that, and it won't need even a fraction of the cost of what Visa pisses away into their technologically dilapidated enterprise (in all of its glorious complexity, ironically) of mostly theft to keep the enterprise running.


No it doesn't. But it will, soon enough anyway. And adoption will come naturally, as people start to realize that this is about more than beating an inherently corrupt private tyranny at t/ps.
@_date: 2014-12-11 21:10:25
What else can anyone say? Bitcoin FTMFW.
@_date: 2014-09-15 00:23:50
I suppose addressing it further may not be the best idea, as nearly everyone here seems so utterly terrified by their masters to understand their right to complete and utter anonymity in 100% of all transactions. The thing is, that's not "truly" possible yet, even with mixing services like this. All they do it make it near impossible to find out how you spent those coins, and where. Which is closing in on the way it should be.
However, notice I said *near* impossible, and not totally impossible. And near doesn't butter the biscuit unfortunately. I was simply saying it may be better than nothing. Bitcoin does have an ideology behind it, and needless to say, turning Bitcoin into a totalitarian monitoring nightmare is not included in it. 
@_date: 2014-09-13 15:12:47
I got my invite 2 weeks ago. It works great, except that there are many banks in Europe now, who out of sheer terror (garnished with a copious amount of avarice) are imposing insane fees on credit-card transactions towards/from anything that has to do with Bitcoin. I found out the hard way, when I deposited 20.00€ using my Visa and my bank syphoned 15€ of it.
If you live in Greece, watch the f*ck out and don't use circle until you check with your local criminal enterprise (bank) first, or until circle supports bank transfers outside the US.
Just a heads' up.
@_date: 2014-10-21 08:22:17
Incorporating the ever-advancing technology of 3D printing is an absolute excellent idea imho. What I'm really referring to in the "communities" I speak of, are essentially fully functional, self-contained environments that do not need to rely on vital services that can only be provided through rag-notes.
I'm talking about medical services, fire, clean-water, etc. I think once we can construct environments where we actually have doctors, surgeons, mechanics, engineers (and just generally people with critical skills) who are all willing to participate in Bitcoin-exclusive transactions for each other's labor, we're taking a step in the right direction away from slave currency, and the moustache-twirling thugs that've been exploiting us with it for ages.
The failed project of taxation is another issue.
@_date: 2014-11-30 09:29:38
Whatever is necessary to get Bitcoin into as many peoples hands and to familiarize as many people with it as possible. Especially in places like Iran, Iraq, Gaza, Greece, Spain, Italy etc, etc..
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:30:02
People need to start constructing small communities within the neighborhoods in their states where Bitcoin transactions are completely one hundred percent end-to-end. I'm talking about communities pushing rag-paper as far away from daily life as humanly possible, such that their reliance on it for survival is zero (or at least near-zero). I wonder if there are any such communities existing already (?)
@_date: 2014-11-15 14:59:58
Who the fuck is this woo-peddler?
@_date: 2014-12-02 09:17:46
No, I live in Europe, which automatically makes me a terrorist. Guilty until proven innocent apparently.
@_date: 2014-12-23 14:49:12
The inflow/outflow from fiat/Bitcoin is normal, expected, and _temporary_. It may take a decade or two, but this behavior should eventually diminish as end-to-end Bitcoin-only transactions become the norm. That's what it will take. The real party begins when you see the first signs of people actually refusing to accept debt-based snot paper, opting rather to use some form of crypto.
@_date: 2014-10-21 10:33:25
The only "supervision" needed is that of keeping an eagle-eye on diabolical entities that have premeditatively weaseled their way into positions of influence amongst the core-developers. We need  to keep our eyes peeled and make sure that Gavin &amp; friends don't sell-out or buckle under pressure to drive development down the dark, dark road of centralization, which would lead right on back to the economic totalitarianism and tyranny we have with debt-based rags today.
Keep Bitcoin as decentralized as is humanly possible!
@_date: 2014-10-10 07:52:40
Wow, this gives new meaning to "religion poisons everything".
@_date: 2014-12-01 10:32:36
Yeah, except now that they're getting up there in client base, they're asking for additional ID as per the draconian "know your customer" policies of the criminal enterprises (banks) they use. I managed to syphon a few hundred out before they started asking me for all kinds of shit like passports and photo-id's etc..
@_date: 2014-09-14 08:50:24
I've got Bank of Pireus... Check with your bank first, and let me know. Maybe I'll switch too.
@_date: 2014-11-02 11:45:15
Prove it.
@_date: 2014-12-29 08:59:11
In 10 years, most, if not all of these companies will likely be out of business anyway because they're all temporary stop-gap measures that serve the purpose of emulating the current banking-style system everyone is familiar with.  When people start to understand how deeply exploitative such systems are, they'll begin weaning themselves off of them. This will happen when Bitcoin becomes ubiquitous, and ordinary people start feeling more comfortable and secure using it when they suddenly realize, "hey wait a minute, I actually don't even need to do this crap with company XYZ, I can manage my own shit safely..."
These enterprises do serve a purpose. A temporary, yet necessary evil. A bridge from the fake comfort-zone of centralized private banking, to a genuine comfort-zone of freedom from the economic tyranny of banking institutions.
@_date: 2014-12-26 08:21:45
Sure, let's just pretend you're not a festering anti-Bitcoin troglodyte. Let's pretend that what you think means anything and matters to anyone.
@_date: 2015-05-16 13:29:23
That's probably because they saw the diabolical nature of what cards did to the US. 
@_date: 2015-05-05 18:44:54
How does one hosting a full copy of the blockchain (seems to be around 37G by now), set their Bitcoin Core client (QT client) to accept more than 8 nodes?
@_date: 2015-05-26 09:27:57
My passwords typically look like:
No character occurs more than once, and even for services that don't allow that many characters in password (ehem, Microsoft), even chopping the above in half would be sufficient. I have discovered as an old-head in the cracking scene myself, a simple rule: If you can memorize your own password, someone else can crack it.
@_date: 2015-05-22 09:45:27
NO. We ~~must~~ should always **remember** cretinism of such gargantuan scope &amp; scale! If anything, as a reminder of past stupidity to bring to bear against the current, troglodytic batch of it.
@_date: 2015-05-22 15:09:59
Ha ha ha ha! Decade-in, decade-out, the economic tyranny known as private-banking has given 0 fucks about upgrading their dilapidated, swiss-cheeze technology....... Now that decentralized crypto has shown up on the scene to eventually lay-waste to their criminal wealth-siphoning empire, they're all running around like decapitated chickens trying to find ways to "speed up" the customer "experience". Yeah, crypto's got their years numbered, in low digits.
@_date: 2015-05-29 18:52:10
Prediction: NO ONE will make the deeply ill-advised decision to stay behind. Not a single one. Essentially, everyone's coming along for the ride on this one. Bitcoin **must scale** if dreams are to become reality.
@_date: 2015-05-16 09:23:34
Get ready, the horn indicates an upswing.
@_date: 2015-05-29 11:29:14
Meh, I'd much rather abolish the whole diabolical dynasty of human exploitation alltogether... But we can dream.
@_date: 2015-05-29 10:35:29
Yeah, Romanians don't play around when it comes to shit like this. They can smell profit a light-year away.
@_date: 2015-01-19 16:54:43
Glenn Greenwald on How to Be a Terror "Expert": Ignore Facts, Blame Muslims, Trumpet U.S. Propaganda.
@_date: 2015-05-29 11:16:31
**1 Strike rule:** Immediately seize all assets and fiat rag-paper. Use them to pay ALL public &amp; private debts of the people who hold accounts at that criminal institution. Any remaining rag-paper is distributed to proliferation of clean-energy technologies in heavily industrialized areas, contaminated by pollutants. 1 year in a standard maximum security facility. And finally, the permanent revocation of rights to EVER AGAIN engage in ANYTHING that can be REMOTELY construed as "banking", no wall-street, no nothing. They can **NEVER handle other people's money again for the duration of their lives.** This is applied to all known accomplices... Ironically, the last, and MOST EFFECTIVE one would be the hardest to implement.
@_date: 2015-05-30 13:12:06
Point taken. Decentralization is paramount, but I maintain my disagreement that scaling can wait. I believe Bitcoin **at least** needs a kick-the-can-down-the-road injection of scaling NOW, lest we find ourselves in disastrously deep shit if adoption suddenly and unexpectedly explodes.
However, I believe we can have our cake and eat it too on this one. I propose a temporary (or maybe permanent?) solution of allowing end-users to "one-click mine" from within clients like Bitcoin Core. This is exclusively to crack up the ever-centralizing network, re-introducing the decentralization it desperately needs to be protected from state &amp; private tyrannies.
Users can be asked during installation of the client IF and HOW MUCH CPU/GPU (or even ASIC if available) resources they'd like to donate to keep the network decnetralized, secure, and well-oiled. End-users could be allowed to dynamically increase/decrease or of course, stop mining at any time through controls built into the GUI.
Start off with a conservative number like maybe 3 ~ 10% and let the user tweak the dials as-needed afterwards.
@_date: 2015-01-02 14:27:02
There's no such thing as "piracy" when it comes to the hideous idea of Intellectual Property/Copyright, which is essentially tantamount to theft. Unless of course we're talking about the criminal enterprises that protect and "enforce" the existence of such mechanisms. Indeed, they could be considered the real pirates.
@_date: 2015-01-22 07:51:27
It would be such a pleasure to see banks, and the criminals that run them just ruined by cryptocurrency. Oh well, at least my kids may have a chance to see it... Hell, I may even have some just for that.
@_date: 2016-03-22 23:27:26


I didn't "happen" to be right. I simply was (or at least the chances that I would be were very high). The evidence wasn't empirical, but that doesn't mean one cannot make an educated, rational judgement based on historical data and then connecting the dots.


Presumably by "count", you mean supporting the decentralization and security of the network. If that is the case, then YES, so long as they're genuine full-nodes, as opposed to these lightweight pseudo-nodes, which are clearly there to artificially inflate the classic numbers, and do not improve decentralization or contribute to the network in any meaningful way. I suppose they could have some use, but not for THIS. This appears to be a rather deeply ill-conceived attempt at some kind of coup. 


Nope. Not unless they all had their own *full-copy* of the blockchain. I highly doubt that these guys are hosting 2200 x 70GB. And even if they were, it'd still be garbage because they're all under one roof. Cut the power, ddos the datacenter, start a fire, whatever... All gone. 
@_date: 2015-01-04 22:39:17
Looks like it may be a mixer in action. Maybe   or 
@_date: 2015-01-30 22:19:56
Yeah, he also tweeted that American Sniper was a "great movie". Ugh, another lover of war-porn.
@_date: 2015-01-12 17:36:29
Hm, I see. Thanks fellas. Looks like for now I still prefer a Trezor style device.
@_date: 2015-05-24 20:24:41
Good. Let the trojan horse sink in...
@_date: 2015-01-02 14:23:13
Prove it.
@_date: 2015-01-11 17:28:17
Looks like a shitty USB stick that I can grab for 4 bucks at the local shop and chuck a Bitcoin wallet + software onto it myself for usage. What's the difference? The site doesn't really explain jack in that video.
@_date: 2015-01-06 10:23:47
@_date: 2015-01-08 23:43:45
Whenever it comes time for matters of Bitcoin to be discussed in the grueling negative-propaganda drivel of mainstream media, there's always a deliberate, and deeply negative tone surrounding it. Gee, what a shocker.
He still did a great job answering all of Quest's negatively constructed questions. Oh, nice job sneaking the Trezor in there! Slick how he worked that in.
@_date: 2016-03-16 15:59:39
@_date: 2015-05-12 13:06:08
Figured it out. Simply set the machine IP as DMZ. I've got like 30 connections, upload raging properly now. The key is that there are many connection attempts on ports other than 8333. Non standard, so if you're running behind NAT/FW, that's gonna jack you all up if your intentions are to help the network. Incidentally, disappointing how many are running core versions below 10.x as well.... Oh, not sure if enabling UPNP in the router would achieve the same result.
@_date: 2015-01-06 15:24:27
I'm not giving you any fucking ideas. Bitcoin FTMFW.
@_date: 2015-05-28 05:39:36
I laughed really, really hard watching this.
@_date: 2016-03-16 16:01:43
Because the vast majority of them seem to be fake, or so-called "pseudo-nodes" imho. 
 Called it!
@_date: 2016-03-13 02:46:11
Decentralization IS "sacred". The more, the better. Why? Because decentralization is what will ultimately mitigate attacks by massive, powerful criminal enterprises run by nation-states, such as the NSA, GCHQ, etc., as well as attempts to co-opt and malign the technology by private-tyrannies like the financial institutions who have the *ultimate* stranglehold over the species. Neither states, nor corporate-monstrosities (which are generally far more dangerous than governments) should be allowed to influence (let alone wholesale dictate) the trajectory of the Bitcoin project.
@_date: 2016-03-13 13:20:44
You wanna mitigate and reverse centralization trends in mining? Build easy one-click mining into clients, allowing end-users to easily donate some portion (they select the percentage and schedule) of their CPU/GPU/ASIC resources. If altruism doesn't become a core principle that runs like a watermark through the Bitcoin masses, this revolutionary discovery in monetary science will instead become a private-tyranny-run totalitarian nightmare from which the human species may not be able to wake. Channeling the greed (inherent feature of disaster-capitalism) of miners into something useful (the core security of the network in this case) is indeed *brilliant*, but falls depressingly short of what Bitcoin *could be*.
Anyway, I don't know how feasible that is from a technical perspective, but it's just an idea. Give every last person the ability to be a "miner". NOT for profit, but for increased stabilization and security of the network from centralizing forces. I would definitely be on board with that.
@_date: 2016-03-22 21:52:29
Turns out my bullshit-detectors were operating at peak efficiency: 
@_date: 2016-03-17 00:25:15
As I said, it is my opinion. I just don't think the relatively small delta between the release of a working pseudo-node and the skyrocketing of classic nodes is a mere coincidence. However, my bullshit detectors may be malfunctioning. I suppose time will tell, given that (as I understand it) there is no reliable way atm to distinguish between pseudo-nodes and genuine full-nodes. My feeling is that as soon as one *does* become available, the # of genuine full classic nodes will be revealed as not even half of what it is now, probably even less...
@_date: 2015-01-28 21:06:39
Complicit mass-media gobbles shit like this up. Something new we can use to spew fear-mongering and demonstrate shitty journalism across the Bitcoin space? Mm, mm, delicious. Print it.
@_date: 2015-08-30 19:18:37
How about simply allowing the block-size grow as-needed (in a one-way fashion where blocks never get smaller)? Once an increase is required due to transaction volume, block-size automatically and permanently grows by 256KB until the network demands more growth?
@_date: 2015-08-27 19:27:23
"Going full obedient statist shithead" should be the title. Hey Prakesh, it's almost 2016, not 1984.
@_date: 2015-08-26 10:54:39
Any form of censorship sets a disturbing precedent. It opens the door for more nasty and unwanted forms to creep into the software down the road. Creeping fascism always creeps. 
@_date: 2015-08-10 13:56:10
There are 2 BTM's in Athens, Greece, neither of which do *any* kind of nasty draconian KYC/AML. If you're in the following areas, and want to aquire some BTC without telling some faceless scumbag self-proclaimed authority what side of the bed you wake up on in the morning, do so quickly because the owners of those machines have told me they will also have their KYC/AML garbage switched on at some point.
**BTM1: IOANNOU THIVAIOU 20, Acharnes, 13673**
**BTM2 (2-Way): Klisovis 8, Athens, 10677**
Also, the time has come to start updating your Bitcoin clients:  
@_date: 2015-08-12 12:31:41
Fuck NY regulators and their **global epicenter** of financial crime and human misery.
@_date: 2015-08-23 17:29:09
Then you misunderstood. *"utterly wrong most of the time"* != *"wholly inaccurate in their predictions".*
@_date: 2015-08-09 13:09:46
Difficult choices indeed... Developers should be compelled to do whatever would most benefit the masses who utilize Bitcoin in the long term. Of course, even that is sufficiently difficult to discern. Perhaps a good way to get started, is to take a look at what has _failed_ those masses in the past, and reliably continues to fail them until this very day. Imho, a look should be taken at what the goals of governments, banks, an other corporate monstrosities are for Bitcoin. The changes to Bitcoin that would deeply benefit these human-misery generators, once discovered, should simply be wholesale ignored and *precisely the opposite* path should be taken with Bitcoin development. 
For me, it's about dismantling, or at the very least, heavily diluting the totally unconstrained power of the current system of economic domination over the masses, **not** helping them mutate into something potentially even far worse than what it demonstrably is today. My personal opinion is that for this to happen, Bitcoin requires further scaling, and further decentralization both in terms of the number of full-nodes serving the blockchain, and in mining.
Also, the time has come to start updating your Bitcoin clients:  
@_date: 2015-08-17 20:54:29


Good. That's exactly what we need. Developers who are **uncontaminated** by the cancerous indoctrination that all these very well-paid "economists" come away with from these institutions of "learning". Most economists typically don't know jack fuck about anything but economic fear-mongering (because that's always the safest bet in a world essentially ruled by private tyrannies), and yet their predictions _still_ manage to remain utterly wrong most of the time. 
This is part of the reason why the world is so economically unbalanced to this very day. BECAUSE we continue to blindly take the word of these institutionally brainwashed, or otherwise complicit cunts. I'm not saying listen to the 17 year old kid who can barely tell a feather-duster from a ducks ass either. But we should certainly stop putting our wholesale faith in what these economists are rattling on about ***and being wrong***, decade-in, decade-out.
@_date: 2015-08-11 10:42:58
Because NY happens to be The **epicenter** of ravenous financial crime, pandemic corruption, and enabler of cruel and merciless economic tyranny of global scope &amp; scale. The blackhearted criminals who run that show cannot allow something like Bitcoin to "infect" and begin to slowly chip away at that *core* of concentrated power. And since Bitcoin cannot _itself_ be constrained, the idea is to asphyxiate anyone who dares get involved (so long as they aren't part of that well-connected and protected elite financial crime family).
@_date: 2015-07-20 14:23:12
However, let's have a looksee at the events as they actually happen:
1. The protagonist (Elliot) has psychological issues, deals with them by using morphine and committing *constant* unethical acts of hacking into peoples private data/emails (even people who aren't "bad guys").
2. We have a CEO who, at first, is painted as a technologically illiterate moron wearing a blackberry on his belt (fair enough).
3. Mr. Robot from "fsociety" manipulates the protagonist into helping frame this "evil piece of shit" CEO. But Elliot feels remorse later on, after having "come to his senses" that the CEO was indeed just an "innocent man" who was just "doing what CEO's of behemothic billion-dollar conglomerates do", which of course means nothing illegal or immoral. Perish that thought.
4. The "head digital gang-member", as he is portrayed, from fsociety (essentially Anonymous) then proceeds to tell our morphine junkie hacker about a plan to bomb some evil corporate shit that will in fact have the consequence of brutally ending some innocent lives. Of course, Elliot is reluctant to help out with this plan, but when he later returns to inform MR that he's devised a way to carry out the plan without hurting innocent people, MR immediately refuses, like a blood-lusting psychopath that actually wants those innocents to die. THIS is our corporate-furnished portrayal of Anonymous: Vicious terrorists, unconstrained by morals, ethics, or any semblance of reasonable principles. What a shocker.
I can see your point, though. But the diabolical part is that the *vast* majority of people watching the show (much like human drones, not engaging in much thinking of their own) will _not_ be taking any kind of nuanced position. THOSE are who the targets are.
@_date: 2015-08-17 22:22:53
This is a form of fear-mongering. It is a kind of malignant cancer, that if allowed to infect too many minds, may ultimately *itself* result in the *actual death* of the network. Without lengthy discourse that has already been had (and that has buried this assertion in the graveyard of scary &amp; really bad ideas), we can see in a nutshell why this should not be a major concern: 
@_date: 2015-08-26 02:09:45
Bigger blocks are unavoidable, but ill-conceived "tor anti-ddos" code is not. Can we get someone to compile XT minus the creeping-fascism?
@_date: 2015-07-08 14:11:29
@_date: 2015-07-12 13:51:34
In fact, *I* was one of those who withdrew at that BTM (€150). So there.
@_date: 2015-07-22 07:43:58
Talk about repressed anger... You know you could've just pointed out my mistake, I would've apologized, and that would've been the end of it. Instead, you decided to demonstrate your reactive, contemptuous nature with a nasty, unwarranted stream of nonsense about bad grammar and repressed emotion to someone who _mistakenly thought_ you were responding to them, winding up making my response to you not so unwarranted after all. Good job, Dr. Phil.
@_date: 2015-07-21 02:10:25


That's your opinion. In mine, it made him extremely _uninteresting_. Truly boring character. Just another junkie with some computer skills.


Of course, because we all know that's the only other option there is for his character, right?


I do concede that I became so bored with the starting-propaganda, and the lack of realism (with vague and unrealistic comments about the TOR network's exit nodes, as well as the hilarious "resolution" of the DDoS attack on the data center), that I stopped it around 60% of the way through the 3rd ep. Perhaps I'll force myself to revisit it. Not holding my breath for any realism, though. Just more propaganda heavily weighted on the side of authority, with occasional microbes for Eliot here and there.


We'll see where that ends up (if I can bring myself to finish the season).


Yeah, we'll see what happens in terms of accountability, though.


He does, but we don't hear it because MR isn't having any of that. Eliot comes to MR and says that he thinks there's a way it can be done with no loss of life. I'll have to go back and double check that myself.


But he's still a morphine junkie who indiscriminately hacks peoples emails. Even if they're doing immoral activities, that doesn't exonerate his own immoral activities (extortion).


If I were, I would have sad "me".


NO. I haven't. Rather, *you've* decided that this is the case. The reality is that I've pretty much described what's going on up until the middle of ep3. And I've already said that i will revise my position on subsequent episodes, if I don't fall asleep watching them.


Unstable logic since I haven't seen subsequent episodes, nor am I critiquing episodes I haven't seen. Also, these are not _complaints_, as I've pointed out earlier to someone else. I'm not "complaining" about the show. I'm describing it. I don't post complaints on-line.


That's the clever nature of propaganda. In order to give viewers the appearance of some balance, the show cannot be 100% one-sided. However, as the series progresses, I believe we'll see a lot more support for the idea that the system we live in "may have its imperfections, but that at the end of the day, it's better than anything else we can come up with". No need for revolt or any kind of meaningful dissent. Revolutionary action is just a nutty anarchist mumbo-jumbo idea. Just a few reforms here and there should do the trick. After all, anarchy is "chaos".... Isn't it? So just keep your heads down and don't think anything the 7000 PR firms in the US didn't tell you to think. Everything will be O.K. =)
I could be wrong, but I think the message of the show will be that it's ultimately unwise and even dangerous to question authority. Eliot will wind up infiltrating fsociety and getting them all arrested for "terrorist" activity. Either that or he'll somehow manage to save the day by "reforming" them. Or maybe just MR goes down, while we discover that the rest of the crew were just afraid of him. etc. etc. Of course, if everything goes pear-shaped, we can just wipe the slate by telling everyone that Eliot was just psychotic and that none of these characters actually exist, it was all in his head. All the bases are covered. We'll see.
@_date: 2015-08-31 14:36:41
For those worried about what happens to coins after the fork: I would simply keep both a copy of Core AND XT in **separate** directories with their **own** copy of the blockchain and ONLY RUN the one that you're supporting (since they'll both be using the same duplicated wallet.dat file). For example:
Bitcoin Core with it's blockchain set to x:\corechain (-datadir=x:\corechain) while Bitcoin XT is set to x:\xtchain (-datadir=x:\xtchain).
This way, if you run client A and it doesn't work out, shut it down and fire up client B. When the fork happens, as I understand it, people on the new chain will effectively have coins that are not interchangeable with coins on the old chain. So have two copies until a clear winner emerges, then simply delete the derelict blockchain.
@_date: 2015-07-31 07:30:39
The sick irony is that this woman wasn't just chosen willy-nilly, or for her "deep understanding" of Bitcoin. She probably doesn't even know what the blockchain is. Not at all. Rather, she was chosen *precisely* because of her attractive face and ample bosom to do this ad. She's actually a pretty bad spokesperson for paxil, notice the mad-amount of editing required to "get it right". That's because her mistakes during filming were likely *constant*. And yet they kept her because she's attractive, and attracts views by the majority of Bitcoin users, who're male.
@_date: 2015-07-05 07:22:02


You two are hysterical. Are you suggesting that I'm "worshiping" central-command because I'd like to see Bitcoin be able to handle more transactions so that it can be a viable alternative for Greece, which it is not right now in its current state? This is the furthest thing from the truth. It's a wild and over-dramatic misinterpretation what I said. I'm not asking for gigantor blocks tomorrow.


You're talking about someone I don't know here. Not me.


Again, this isn't me. I'm not asking for gigabyte blocks. Nor am I trying to "force" changes in Bitcoin. I was simply hoping it could become a viable option for the country I live in, which may tell the global blackmailers to go fuck their mothers in today's referendum. If that happens, it'd be nice to know Bitcoin could act at the very least, as an emergency "buffer currency" for us.


Many believe this, and it is a shaky assumption. We can only HOPE that you're right. As far as the "years or months before hand".... Greece may very well vote NO today. TODAY. That means that very soon (sooner than "months and years") we're going to need a new currency. Too bad that can't be Bitcoin at the moment. However, I wouldn't disagree at all with the proposal for blocks to increase in size proportional to the need to do so. Let's at least do that.


Can you name a few, as well as define what you mean by "clarity" ?
@_date: 2015-08-26 16:56:38
That's a start, but It'd be nice if someone with the resources put up a  decent site with 32/64 binaries for the common individual, such that they could simply replace the current binaries on their system and off they go.
@_date: 2015-07-21 01:53:04
Nailed it with your first two lines.
@_date: 2015-07-05 20:30:58
OXI = Tell the Euro-Heroin pushing banksters to **fuck off.** Time to detox.
NAI = Mmm, numbs the pain... just... Just a few more hits.. It can't kill us.
@_date: 2015-08-12 07:15:39
Too little, too late. I'm hoping that in two decades, Visa and similar monstrosities will all be asphyxiated to death by the proliferation of cyrpto.
@_date: 2015-07-21 01:57:09


Just because the ilk of Forbes pumps it that way, doesn't mean it's true, or even probably true.


They did, just look in your root directory in a file called fbanks.dat


Right, it's about painting hacker collectives (silly as they may be) as outright terrorists.


Please show me one.
@_date: 2015-07-18 21:56:27
In my 15 years in Greece, I've never met a SINGLE person without a smart-phone capable of running a wallet. From little kids to 90 year olds, everyone has a smart-phone here. The effing place is *contaminated* with smart-phones. Summary: Devices are a non-issue.
@_date: 2015-07-03 17:02:21
Bitcoin is not ready for wholesale implementation in Greece due to the fact that it hasn't scaled past ~5 tx/sec. YET. That means it is quite literally impossible for 11 million Greeks to abruptly jump on Bitcoin and immediately start using it as an "emergency currency". HOWEVER, Greeks DO need to rapidly start learning how to acquire, transact, and properly store/secure Bitcoins for the near future (2016~2020). And **of course** it is encouraged for Greeks who are already knowledgeable in matters of Bitcoin to begin bootstrapping it into their local communities NOW. 
For this to **work**, a group of people who can provide the primary goods and services required for basic survival need **to come together** and **unanimously agree** to accept Bitcoin for value on those goods and services. From there, people with other goods and services who want to help can be slowly integrated into the community and taught how to properly use Bitcoin. There is a Bitcoin ATM in Acharnes that does not do ID or Fingerprint checking. It works. Start grabbing your Bitcoins if you intend to use them the way they were MEANT to be used: **end-to-end**.
@_date: 2015-07-05 00:01:05
Welp, Greece is having its snap referendum today, where we may very well leave the Euro-heroin we've been on for way too long..... We may be left without a currency. It reallllly would be great if we could uncap that limit, so that Bitcoin could be a viable option for Greeks before the year 2020. Sigh, we can dream.
@_date: 2015-07-05 21:40:37
Greece is not a "shithole". It's one of the top 5 most beautiful places on the entire face of this planet. Working together, we can destroy the parasitic financial terrorists that have been shitting in our faces, and restore that beauty and decent way of life. Getting off the Euro-Heroin (if we even do that), is the first step. Indeed, we will suffer no matter what happens, but just like a junkie who just got off drugs, we will also go through a terrible withdrawal period. Unless you want some more hits of that heroin. Unless you want your children's children paying an illegal, and completely odious debt (that was never even incurred by the Greek people) for the next 100 years in "generous stretched out installments". 
Fuck that. Greece needs a DETOX.
@_date: 2015-07-24 23:43:38
You mean I'm gonna have to spoon-feed you the meanings of words now? Forget it. Anyway, your pathological commitment to having the last word is on a startling trajectory of creepiness... So have it and then please go away.
@_date: 2015-07-30 21:40:34
You better fucking *believe* it. If HSBC can launder *billions* through doing business with the Sinaloa drug-cartel (the most vicious killers in Mexico), soaking their hands with the blood and lives of thousands of Mexicans in the process... Well, **I** can launder my own money to keep my super-market transactions private.
@_date: 2015-07-20 12:15:25
That's because Mr. Robot is yet another in an endless jet-stream of *shitty corporate bootlicking propaganda* shows, furnished for consumption primarily by the already heavily weakened brains of dumbed-down Americans.
A show where anarchist hackers are painted as psychologically fucked up half-junkies struggling with morphine addiction. Where "ethical" hacking collectives like Anonymous are painted as outright psychopathic terrorists who're more than willing to murder people in order to get back at capitalism (don't forget how fsociety's MR is manipulating the show's protagonist so that he *too* can become an evil anti-capitalist "terrorist"). And where CEO's are painted as "innocent victims" of misplaced hacker-anger.
If and when they do mention Bitcoin on the show, you can be 100% sure that it will be demonized as a "terrorist tool" as well. I've never, ever heard "hackers" promote the idea *"fuck society"*. It's probably more like *"fuck the psychopaths who manipulate and destabilize it."*
@_date: 2015-07-05 07:10:00


It's a good thing I didn't say anything like that. Even better that you weren't talking about me, because that would've been absurd and _truly_ childlike.


WOULD it though? I hope that providing some evidence to substantiate that assertion won't baffle you, because from what I see, nodes and miners cant even seem to reach a consensus on even the simplest changes. Hence, the current trajectory.


This is not being completely honest. Developers must make changes, and that takes consensus. They can't just do it "willy-nilly". THAT'S how the network is designed. If 11 million Greeks (as unlikely as it is) jumped on Bitcoin tomorrow, it would essentially kill Bitcoin until the devs did something about it. And no one can predict how long that would take. In the meantime, Non-technical Greeks (the vast majority) would see their transactions failing to confirm and immediately ask themselves "wtf is this shit??". There is nothing wrong with having a little foresight into these things. It makes sense to "kick the can down the road", as Gavin said (even though by your measure, Gavin is "absurd &amp; childlike"). That gives developers the needed time to come up with solutions (under less pressure) if there IS a sudden surge that fills up blocks. It's not like I'm asking for 100GB blocks tomorrow. Relax. In fact, I'm absolutely fine with the proposal to increase blocksize automatically "as needed" by the network. That'd work for Greece too.
@_date: 2015-07-21 02:59:47
13 propagandized drones liked this. =)
@_date: 2015-07-08 13:30:17
Yes, yes, we know. Bitcoin can't work in any wholesale way in Greece at the moment due to the fact that scaling is still on its way. However as I've said many times before, Greeks would **still** be well-advised to learn about and start using Bitcoin, albeit on a smaller, more localized scale. Why? Simply because when IT DOES finally scale to the point where it can function as a primary currency, Greeks will have already learned how to properly acquire, transact, and securely store their Bitcoins. All centrally-controlled/printed rag-paper is doomed to suffer the same fate. So if Greeks go back to the Drachma, it will simply reset the **fiat-misery engine** to a starting point where it can begin its long, inevitable trajectory toward debt and depression yet again. At least the *next time* this happens, Greeks will now have something better to turn to. But more importantly, they'll already *know* how to use it.
@_date: 2015-07-02 09:28:18
Yeah, that's true... if you live in **opposite world**.
@_date: 2015-07-23 07:09:50
1) There was nothing wrong with the use of quotes. 2) Friendly suggestions don't constitute "preaching". 3) Given your responses, the suggestion remains perfectly sound. 4) Not fishing for favorable responses. 5) I'm not surprised. 6) Don't mention grammar anymore, since seven. 7) *Lessons.
@_date: 2015-07-05 20:25:43
It can act as a temporary "emergency buffer currency" on a very limited scale. 
@_date: 2015-08-29 18:02:52
But they didn't. And that it works (and it does) is irrelevant here, since the idea is to alarm the bewildered-herd by connecting Bitcoin to groups like ISIL.
@_date: 2015-07-24 19:26:12
If you keep telling yourself these things, you may even one day come to believe them, Tokugawa.
@_date: 2016-02-03 10:58:57
Hopefully that their dynasties of theft and human-misery will be driven to the abyss of obsolescence in a few short decades. Buried in the graveyard of hideous ideas.
@_date: 2016-02-01 14:34:41
Translation: "Hmm, how can blockchain technology help us to leverage highly destructive, nation-killing, predatory loaning practices?"
@_date: 2015-07-28 17:28:34
And if it is, so what? GOOD. Fantastic actually. The term "laundering" should only be demonized when used to properly refer to *truly criminal* institutions (like banks) that do it on a massive scale. Yeah, they were *never* worried about "terrorists". After all, **they themselves ARE of the most ferocious kind**. What they're really worried about is the loosening of their viperous economic stranglehold over the herd. Zero to do with "terrorism".
The people who launder money for immoral activities are but a microscopic percentage (and most of those are again, banksters and governments). BTW, notice how I chose the word "immoral", rather than "illegal", since it is well understood by now that the nastiest of thugs are those who CREATE those very laws (with the primary directive of protecting themselves, of course) that everyone else gets forced via threat of savage violence to obey. EVERYONE who values their privacy should learn how to efficiently &amp; cheaply "launder" their Bitcoins AFAIC.
@_date: 2015-07-20 13:42:13
It's not an opinion, per se. This is **exactly** what has happened in the first few episodes thus far. Now, if we discover that in subsequent episodes that this diabolical narrative changes to reflect reality (in what I would call a bizarre twist), yes, I will revise my "opinion". However, the facts about the first first few eps won't change, as those remain static.
@_date: 2015-07-25 18:55:10
What's the current exchange rate between Bitcoin and human ears?
@_date: 2015-07-21 01:46:06
I guess you didn't see the word "ethical" in quotes. Learn the difference between "complaining" and **"describing**". Also, take some formal lessons in logic, and the proper usage of it.
@_date: 2016-09-04 12:33:40
GOOD. Corporate monstrosity (and government) should be granted *zero* privacy in their financial activities and total 100% accountability to the public. On the other hand, it is the working-class/poor masses who should have the stark opposite: Total, or near-total financial privacy. So this issue is actually one of the most difficult puzzles to solve, as it involves ***minimizing*** the privacy of already totally unaccountable private tyrannies to the extent possible, while simultaneously ***maximizing*** privacy for the masses.
@_date: 2016-09-05 20:15:48
Many likes.
@_date: 2016-09-05 14:18:52
That's great. People should have the choice as to whether they'd like to disclose their activity (for whatever reason). That choice, however, should not exist for private institutions, which should be constrained to full disclosure of all financial activity. They should not be treated as "persons" under law (they've been granted far greater rights than even persons, unfortunately) and therefore should not have the same rights as a flesh-and-blood person. In short: choice of privacy or disclosure for public individual persons (non corporate), and *zero* privacy for corporate behemoths (full financial tracking). This goes for state institutions as well, they should not be able to misdirect the public as to how their tax-money is being spent, etc.
@_date: 2018-02-08 14:11:45
Ok, so send me the wallet.dat file and I will attempt to crack it. My price is ***half*** of whatever is in the wallet, provided I can even crack it. Hints on possible length/complexity of the password also help enormously toward a successful attack.
@_date: 2015-04-12 18:29:39
He didn't used to. However, as soon as his buddy Gates chimed in with the words "technological tour de force" to describe bitcoin, he seems to have been slapped _at least halfway_ back to reality to a "neutral" position regarding its future.
@_date: 2015-09-18 07:01:10
Are there any rules against using words whose meanings you don't understand?
@_date: 2015-04-22 12:36:29
The "reality" is, that after lifting the transaction limitation from 3~5 tx/sec to 3000 tx/sec (1000 more than Visa's network can handle) after the first hard-fork, Bitcoin scaling will never be an issue again. This is especially true since the limit will continue to expand _automatically_ (by 50% every additional year). 
Take care, Assmuncher.
@_date: 2015-09-17 21:18:04
Ironically, this name was randomly generated.
@_date: 2015-09-19 21:41:20
Hmm, interesting. I had not seen that.
@_date: 2015-09-18 07:02:45
Never really liked it.
@_date: 2015-09-19 21:30:12
He was somewhat of a supporter. When asked just a few months ago he referred to it as a "technological tour de force" 
@_date: 2015-04-27 11:50:29
Too bad ZERO of them are in Greece. Anyway, It'd be nice to have a google-style maps that outlines every one of these nearly half a million locations that trade in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-17 22:54:53


In fact they are far, far worse than robbers, or any run-of-the-mill terrorists.
@_date: 2015-09-19 21:13:44
Gates (former Bitcoin supporter) changes mind, takes a fresh shit on it. Notice how his uneasiness at the question apparently required an edit.
@_date: 2015-09-19 21:25:15
Oh I think he "gets it" just fine, he's just finally come to understand that Bitcoin could be a very real threat to all the institutions he's buddy-buddy with down the line. Plus he's got Buffet and that other Mumrah-lookin bankster asshole (Charlie Munger) whispering in his ear about how Bitcoin is "rat poison"... remember that shit?
@_date: 2015-09-20 12:22:53
I think people are so used to the current system, that it has become very difficult to even fathom the idea of personal responsibility for one's own money. A sinister dependence on these engines of human-misery has been drilled into the herd, such that when something revolutionary like Bitcoin emerges, what do we do? Fumble right back to emulating the current dilapidated (and deeply exploitative) system with the Coinbases and Circles of the world, with all their glorious draconian KYC/AML.
I believe when the dust settles and Bitcoin becomes ubiquitous, most (if not all) of these monstrosities will ultimately dissolve. Especially as it begins to hit end-users like a ton of cinder-blocks *"wtf do I even need these things for? I'm perfectly capable being responsible for my own keys."* I think these institutions are necessary, yet temporary evils that will inevitably be dismantled by the awareness of their non-necessity. Providing of course that all the internal turmoil about scaling, decentralization, etc. has been properly resolved.
@_date: 2015-09-20 09:15:34
And they're the rats it's going to kill, hopefully.
@_date: 2015-09-17 20:20:55
When they do it = Totally legit, millions in bonuses.
When we do it = Life ruined/prison.
@_date: 2015-09-17 22:41:52
Uh, using a utility that spits out random alphanumeric characters. Random length too. And this is what I got on the first spin. The real question is how could I NOT use this id?
@_date: 2015-09-08 08:57:11
Bottom line: If Bitcoin is to succeed in a massive way, it MUST be able to stand *on its own*, without *any* sort of "crutches", etc. You wanna create side-chains and "lightning" networks? FINE. But they must _only_ be used as extensions, *never* as crutches to the primary blockchain that, if removed, would cause it to be endangered. Bigger blocks soon. The show must go on.
@_date: 2015-04-12 18:33:47
In ten.
@_date: 2015-09-09 18:54:33
Elections have essentially been a fraud for decades anyway. Not a trace of Democracy left. In fact, it's utter contempt for Democracy that is demonstrated more &amp; more with every passing "election". Candidates are peddled to the bewildered masses like fucking shaving-cream through massively well-funded PR (aka propaganda) campaigns. It's a total joke. Elections are essentially wholesale bought by corporate interests, with one striking exception: Any candidate who doesn't bow down and slurp the inside of Israel's asshole has *instantly* committed political suicide, regardless of *any* amount of money that has been spent on marketing. Atm, Clinton's got her tongue lodged in there pretty tight.
@_date: 2015-09-19 21:39:39
Never EVER respond to depopulation-conspiracy lunatics, the thread will instantly be contaminated by an additional 50 posts of penetratingly dumb, and in fact, dangerous anti-vax insanity. And I say that as a person who is _no friend_ of Gates for reasons that are _actually_ realistic.
@_date: 2015-09-10 10:20:23


Did anyone say they're not? Incidentally, so are Eskimos. So why not bring them up? Because there is virtually zero responsibility involved there. Eskimos don't run the worlds most powerful institutions. They don't manage systems that have very real influential and lasting effects on large portions (if not entire) populations. They don't run states with access to nuclear arsenals. Notice that no one here is criticizing Jews *simply* for being Jews (which is the implication that emerges from a very common, and deeply propagandized knee-jerk worldview). The criticism is of the ACTIONS of PEOPLE in positions of extraordinarily disproportionate power &amp; wealth (in this case the elite and well-protected thugs infesting Israel's halls of power). Now, whether or not it is a coincidence that so many of these powerful people are Jews is of absolutely ZERO concern to me. I'm looking at the CRIMINALS and calling them exactly what they are on the basis of their BEHAVIOR/ACTIONS. Jews in such positions are NOT magically exempt from the criticism of their actions anymore than Chinese or Russians. This is especially true given that on a global level, those actions have proven to be *incredibly destructive*.
@_date: 2015-09-18 07:01:35
Define "hunting down". Anyway, I find that keeping this username helps keep me honest net-wide. This, because I know that any troglodyte with a few minutes to spare can "hunt me down". And what they will disappointingly find is that my views remain uniform and consistent. I'm the same person here as i am anywhere else online.
@_date: 2015-09-23 15:33:45
Mother fuck the TPP, CISA, and all the miserable equivalents!
@_date: 2015-09-23 15:41:51
This is ABSOLUTELY what needs to happen. The derelict, dilapidated, and deeply corrupt patent system in the US is at least half as diabolical as the vast majority of America's corporate monstrosities themselves. If there were ever a time for preemptive action against powerful private tyranny contaminating the bitcoin space with fascism, it's *now*.
@_date: 2015-04-01 14:28:37
It was a brutal and unwarranted joke for people who heavily support Bitcoin, though. The article even had me wtfucking while I was reading it (having already read Varoufakis previous indictments on Bitcoin, saying it could never be a mainstream currency). Otherwise, I may actually have been fooled since the fact it was April 1st hadn't even crossed my mind. I called over to one of my colleagues @ work and said "Hey, did you see this bogus shit? How could this be?" .... At which point he turned back and said "look at the date." xD
@_date: 2015-11-23 18:09:03
1) Due to the very nature of how state structures operate, this cannot happen in any meaningful and/or long-term way. Something that has been demonstrated century-in, century-out. The primary causes of terrorism, wars, etc have always been vertical structures of human domination (states, corporations, religion, and so on). To think that states (who are almost wholesale controlled by corporate interests nowadays) have a shred of interest in protecting local populations is a pretty good sign of a properly functioning inculcation apparatus. Benevolent intentions by states toward the populace is an illusion, since the actions of states almost exclusively result in the very problems they then rattle on about protecting everyone from. The very existence of states cannot be justified, but for the presence of private tyrannies, who states must minimally protect us from. Not because they care about us, but to ultimately protect capital.
2) Words like "sovereignty" hold less and less meaning as power concentrates in ever-narrowing spaces. To the point when you look at the upper ruling-class, you will notice that they essentially *make* the policies which the "sovereign" governments then dutifully implement upon the population. I think the point about internal structure essentially mirroring the function of tyranny is important, since it doesn't make sense (from their point of view) to allow a level of privacy that would undermine their perverse relationship with the state, which is simultaneously symbiotic, and yet deeply manipulative. No agenda as far as labeling corporations as private tyrannies, since that is almost precisely how the internal structure is organized. Typically a CEO at the top, maybe a few shareholders, who dole commands down to the lower levels of a top-down pyramid of human domination, passing through middle-management and eventually reaching the bottom of that pyramid, where the **actual** production takes place. Where the **actual** work is being done. The excess profit from that labor does not go into the pockets of those who do it, but instead is siphoned upwards into the pockets of a cloud of sociopaths who happen to own the means of production. Truly diabolical.
3) What does "voluntarily" mean? In the current system of power, not many actually do anything voluntarily. However it is cleverly made to appear that way. It's true, you don't "have to work" if you don't want to, but then you can have the freedom to starve to death. Thus wage-labor itself (as republicans of the 19th century put it, back when they were an actual political party, rather than a radical insurgency within government) "not very different from chattel-slavery". In fact, it was only meant to be temporary. The Internet isn't "wrong" or "right" for anything. It is a globally interconnected network capable of reliably transferring data. And again, we don't disagree here. You simply cannot trust the ramblings emerging from disproportionate power &amp; wealth. That being the case, I'm saying that people should take it upon themselves to take a few days/weeks out of the year to learn how to protect their privacy from not only unethical/immoral hackers, but the states/corporations that often fund them as well. It actually is possible to do.
4) Since Truman established the NSA in 52, it has been nothing but an utter mess in terms of illegally spying on Americans. In 73 the supreme court finally ruled that warrants were required for domestic intelligence surveillance, and what does the NSA go and do? Well, fast forward two years later to find out, when an investigation by the Senate Church Committee discovered illegal spying and recommended "reforms". Reddit's servers do not have the storage capacity for me to go on here, because the NSA's history is essentially pregnant with immoral and illegal activity. Elsberg with the Pentagon Papers, Klein with the NSA/AT&amp;T scandal illegally tapping massive traffic using powerful, Israeli-made Narus devices, Snowden, Poitras.... The list goes on. Friend, the NSA, and its finger-steepling counterparts abroad are habitual line-steppers and perpetual law-breakers.
5) Individuals are neither intrinsically violent, nor necessarily violent. This is a microscopic minority. Those are learned behaviors furnished by the long-running engines of human-misery we're talking about here (vertical institutions of domination) who are *run* by that small minority. Why are states necessarily violent? Because no state can maintain its unjustified power without the use of violence. This is why its so hard to get rid of these parasitic things. People are afraid of their governments when the *exact opposite* should be the case. To find out a more realistic picture of human nature, read Kropotkin's Mutual Aid, and throw the vile propagandist Walter Lipman in your nearest garbage disposal. Non aggression applies, but alas, only to non-aggressors. One does have the right to defend oneself against violence. States just happen to be the epitome of such violence, all the while preaching to us about how we require their protection. Where do corporate monstrosities fit into this picture? This goes back to the diabolical relationship between private tyranny, state tyranny, and capital. Our modern political institutions are not a mere evolution of what you've mentioned. To address this assertion is to engage into an entirely separate conversation, however. The rest of  seems to be about reforms. I'm *not* against reforms, but ultimately, this failed project of capitalism cannot sustain itself indefinitely, and if not reformed "clean out of existence", will inevitably drive us all to the abyss. Then at least we won't have to worry about spying anymore, since the planet will again be as it once was: Uninhabited by human life.
@_date: 2015-09-17 23:09:06
I don't remember, it was nearly 20 years ago. Still using the same one on all the forums, blogs, email etc. today.
@_date: 2015-09-20 09:27:21
It's amazing how deeply propagandized people are (generally westerners who've been led to believe they're somehow exceptional in the world). As if the brains of all "poor people" are so underdeveloped as to render them incapable of [gasp!] *learning things*. It truly is born of an unrealistic, and quite repugnant worldview. I totally agree with you that it is actually these "poor primitive tribes" who will ***most quickly*** learn how to properly understand, use, and secure their Bitcoins. Why? Precisely because the seriousness of their situation demands it. Bitcoin wouldn't simply be treated as a toy project by such individuals.
@_date: 2015-09-09 22:57:16
In *your* case, I recommend you take some formal lessons in the proper usage of logic/reasoning before further contaminating this thread with logical fallacies.
@_date: 2015-09-21 18:50:44


Always like music to my ears.
@_date: 2015-11-10 21:57:43
When the frequency of end-to-end Bitcoin-only transactions reach the proper levels, that's when the real magic happens.  That is to say, as the usage of rag-paper slowly starts to evaporate from the equation. Be prepared to wait at least another decade, though, and that is assuming all the scaling turmoil gets resolved.
@_date: 2015-11-11 09:59:57
debt-based rag paper (dollars, euro, etc.)
@_date: 2015-11-22 20:20:50
1) Precisely. People cannot, and should not expect to depend on states or the corporations that heavily influence (if not wholesale puppet) them for any reliable level of personal privacy.
2) Private tyrannies refers to corporations, as a basic description of how the vast majority (if not all) such entities are structured internally.
3) Arbitrarily intercepting and even storing information (e.g. private data destined to be seen only by a selected receiving party) for later dissemination by faceless, unaccountable individuals who work for faceless, unaccountable institutions is an unethical, immoral act. I don't know what voluntary association has to do with a human's right to privacy.
4) By virtue of the fact that it is an institution that continually breaks the "laws" of its own nation-state as well as the laws of foreign states. And like private tyrannies (e.g. financial institutions like HSBC), continues to perpetually get away with it.
5) Depends on who's doing the examining. If it's being done by intrinsically (and necessarily) violent institutions like the state, or by completely unaccountable private tyrannies, it *shouldn't* be compatible *at all*. In fact, it should be as incompatible as mathematically possible. Incidentally, we don't have a "fundamental social contract" with private tyranny. Warrants have become a joke, like most laws, which are essentially arbitrary dictates to control populations, and have virtually no connection to universal moral principles.
@_date: 2015-03-12 16:01:25
So based on what _you_ doubt, we should just leave bitcoin alone, correct? Yeah, lets just wait until that moment when transactions start taking days to validate, or failing to validate _at all_ so that the core devs can enjoy the fun of running around like headless chickens trying to hastily patch everything to perfection on the very first try, with no testing, and then convincing the miners and everyone else on _that day_ that they should immediately follow the hard fork.
Sounds legit.
@_date: 2015-03-23 18:33:50
He's trying to suggest they're _already_ insolvent. 
@_date: 2015-11-30 21:33:59
Correct, a small percentage of "us", known as the ruling class, who should all be fairly tried under the most stringent Nuremberg codes, and when inevitably found guilty of *directly creating and funding* war-crimes of enormous and grotesque proportions, swung by the neck.
@_date: 2015-11-30 14:27:32
We'd be better off starving the monsters who start, fund, and maintain wars. We already know who they are.
@_date: 2015-10-26 11:02:42
Too late for "damage control" you filthy authoritarian scum.
@_date: 2016-10-16 00:51:32
@_date: 2015-03-24 17:33:03
Don't mind him, he's one of the many so enveloped by the system that he cannot _see_ that it's a massive criminal enterprise, legalized theft of an enormous scope &amp; scale, a vertical structure of economic domination, and indeed, human domination. As aantop put it: "a 60 year failed project of taxation."
It is every moral human being's _responsiblity_ to HELP BREAK this diabolical clockwork of extortion.
@_date: 2015-03-02 10:31:15
I think you're conflating the Bitcoin community with the few Bitcoin "entrepreneurs" that were queried here. And even then, you seem to be confusing their ill-informed optimism with avarice. No matter what currency is used, the promotion of greed in the form of unnecessary wealth accumulation at the expense of others, is an established standard under the inherently exploitative system of Capitalism. Human exploitation, environmental destruction, etc. are all signs of a properly functioning Capitalist system. One of the many astonishing things about Bitcoin is that maybe, just maybe, it can be a segway out of that failed system one day. But for now, it's business as usual.
Remember, Altruistic people do altruistic things, and greedy people do greedy things. But for Altruistic people to do greedy things, _it takes Capitalism_...... 
@_date: 2015-03-10 22:22:18
Bitcoin is poised to *crush* these crappy, exploitative, nosy, technologically-dilapidated "services" upon its entry to ubiquitous use and understanding. Within a decades time.
@_date: 2015-03-13 08:25:30
The irony here is that your clearly underdeveloped prefrontal cortex is either unwilling, or unable to process the clear cut reasoning that has been provided. And thus your resort to ad-hom. 


Appeal to ignorance. You have reliably failed to furnish a single _shred of evidence_ (statistical or otherwise) to substantiate this, or any in the current string of slope-headed assertions you've made. Saying "look at it so far" isn't evidence, especially given the fact that when one _does_ actually look, all we see is growing numbers of adoption, vendor support and general investment. 
@_date: 2015-03-11 12:53:50
I wouldn't worry about scum like this getting involved in it. Bitcoin is a piece of titanium that has worn out many hammers, and will continue to do so. Once bitcoin goes from 3~5 transactions/sec to 3000/sec next year (1000 more than Visa can handle), that's when the real party begins.
@_date: 2015-03-08 12:02:00
Adoption. No local vendors to spend my BTC, forces me to hoard it! I'm telling you right this minute, if there were food shops, clothing, pharmacy etc. that accepted Bitcoin, I would immediately start doing business exclusively with those vendors. I have no doubt in my mind that there are swaths of others in my position, desperately awaiting to escape from the clutches of painted rags.
@_date: 2015-03-02 20:27:10
Is it possible you could copy/paste those 100 reasons (in any order) so that I might examine them at my leasure? And notice that I said as a _parallel_ currency. I'm not suggesting that 11 million people switch to an end-to-end BTC economy overnight. If that were even possible, the price would rocket _far higher_ than 1000. 
And I'm not arguing against your point of transaction processing capability, as that will be addressed in good time with an increase in blocksize to 20MB, then 40MB, etc.. I believe Gavin and friends have laid out a roadmap for how this will be implemented. 
I'm simply saying that the more demand exceeds supply, the higher the price goes. And _if_ a state were to become "Bitcoin friendly", that would go a _long way_ to help the Greeks. Why? Because it would help loosen the economic stranglehold the IMF/ECB diabolically leverages over them atm. The threats to cut liquidity to local banks by the ECB is tantamount to financial terrorism.
Having a parallel currency supply that isn't restricted by any kind of central group of financial extortionists is probably the last option left for Greece and it's neighbors. Everything else has been tried, and not only do none of those measures work, they seem to be making things worse.
It's worth a beta-run at the very least.
@_date: 2015-03-02 20:33:17
Yes. But if a state were to Become "Bitcoin friendly", this would help ease the often ill-informed fears of people who would otherwise enter the Bitcoin space, helping along adoption. And the problem isn't that Greece doesn't control the Euro, it's that _someone controls the Euro_. The only thing that "controls" Bitcoin is an algorithm that doesn't discriminate, or become greedy, or change willy-nilly.
Cryptocurrency is *perfect* for countries struggling under the financial terrorist reich of Germany and the Troika.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:34:51
Glad to see Andreas still publicly laying-waste to troglodytic, state bootlicking, anti-Bitcoin journalism around the world, as well as simply telling it like it is when it comes to matters of elite economic terrorist institutions like Banks, etc. I eagerly await the time when I'll never have to touch a single piece of painted rag-paper, or be bullied &amp; extorted by those who control it, ever again..... Just a few more years.
@_date: 2015-03-24 17:26:17
See that? See those slime buckets? This is why mixers are important.
@_date: 2015-11-21 14:48:22
Populations should have *never* been relying on private tyrannies (centralized corporate institutions) to protect their data in the first place. Institutions who've already been cooperating with criminal enterprises like the NSA and their diabolical mustache-twirling counterparts abroad. The profoundly bewildered herd will need to finally snap out of their lifelong consumerized Americoma™ and start handling their own when it comes to protecting their private data using strong, proven encryption.
I say this because it's clear by now, that not many seem to give much of a shit (or frankly even have the slightest idea) about the utter Orwellian trajectory their local intelligence apparatuses have been on for decades. If you care about your privacy, it's time that *you* do something about it, as the unaccountable, self-appointed sociopaths (and indeed, psychopaths) who "lead" you have demonstrated zero intention of adhering to even the most elementary moral principles.
@_date: 2015-03-02 10:04:13
It would take a whole country like Greece for instance (who is desperately in need of some form of parallel currency right now) to jump in the pool for those kind of valuations to be even remotely feasible. If Greece jumped in right now, it really _would_ rock the price up to &gt; 1000 in a very short period of time.
@_date: 2015-03-27 00:13:55
He looks like the corpse from "Weekend at Bernies".... However, I could be mistaking him for the US dollar.
@_date: 2015-03-24 23:06:35
 |  | 
@_date: 2015-02-06 17:13:53
Yeah, until they started requiring all kinds of additional identification. These institutions always wind up devolving into corporate monstrosities that must follow their bank's draconian know-your-customer policies. 
Welp, I guess it doesn't matter anymore anyway because Circle no longer even accepts credit/debit cards from outside the US. Fuck 'em. I'm glad I managed to syphon out a few hundred worth while they were in beta testing.
@_date: 2015-02-21 08:56:47
Most, if not all of these companies will evaporate in a decade's time. Once Bitcoin becomes ubiquitous in society. That is to say, when people become truly comfortable using and securing their own Bitcoin. After all, these enterprises are essentially emulating the current unjustifiable, exploitative banking system that Bitcoin is poised to lay waste to in the first place.
@_date: 2015-03-02 22:36:02
Great work, I only wish more people would generate enough initiative to take physical action in the real world. Seems all we hear lately is a lot of theory on what to do and how to go about it, but rarely any _meaningful_ action to demonstrate that such theories actually work.
@_date: 2015-10-18 00:17:32
Someone grab the RAT poison.
@_date: 2015-02-13 15:01:44
Hahahahahahah @ Shitpple.
@_date: 2015-10-03 11:50:38
As long as Bitcoin survives (meaning it is able to massively scale and remain decentralized), none of these "developments" will matter much. At present, Bitcoin seems to be in a sort of "bankster eye-of-the-storm", where they're starting to understand that this thing isn't likely to go away. Thus, the quasi-friendly behavior toward bitcoin/blockchain we're seeing from some of these institutions of human-misery should be fairly unsurprising. All of this experimentation with blockchains is to determine if this tech can be shoehorned into their existing, long-running models of financial exploitation.
Once they discover that Bitcoin was designed not only to resist, but to utterly replace these models (for example, blockchain cannot be made compatible with the criminal paradise of HFT), all this "friendly" behavior, pouring millions into Circle, etc. will inevitably turn venomous. It's only a matter of time before it sinks in that Bitcoin is too resistant to homogenization to be of any long-term use to these parasitic corporate monstrosities. So, everyone involved in this crypto ecosystem ought to seriously take advantage of this limited time to solve internal turmoil over scaling, and so on.
@_date: 2015-02-19 18:44:05
Andreas Antonopoulos once said, "Bitcoin can save Capitalism". I don't believe anything can "save" such an intrinsically exploitative system that supports and encourages the rent-seeking behavior TryBitcoinDude so proudly spoke of. However, all is not necessarily lost, as the "cryptoanarchy" component may just be a _way out_ of Capitalism one day. 
As such, I tend to look at Bitcoin and the blockchain not only as a revolutionary, financial renaissance-bringing technology capable of circumnavigating the ferociously criminal project of private-banking, but as a potential bridge - a stopgap measure - out of an even more diabolical enterprise that has plunged our species into a special kind of economic tyranny that _may yet_ drive us into the abyss....
@_date: 2015-02-16 11:23:55
I've never looked at Bitcoin purely as an investment for myself. I think that's a mistake that many make when entering Bitcoin. Bad motive. I think we'd be better off viewing our holdings and active-use-of-Bitcoin as an investment in the future of the network itself, as well as one in economic liberation from the diabolical clockwork of central "authorities" who reliably fail to justify their own exploitative existence decade-in, decade-out.
And in the midst of a painful (and temporary) wobbling in purchasing power, we should not lose sight of what the implications of a flourishing Bitcoin network are, and that the returns on such a project are of such enormous scope &amp; scale as to be almost immeasurable. In my view, this is a *long-term* struggle (or "investment", if you like) in a future that is no longer contaminated by the economic tyranny of the few. And, as in *any such struggle* in the history of our species, the many who are actively engaged *in* that struggle for everyone, will be disadvantaged for a time.
1. Accept Bitcoin for products/services.
2. Find those who are doing the same.
3. Do business exclusively with them (or as much as humanly possible).
4. Observe as the network grows in strength, trust, and stability.
5. Eventually, stop accepting fiat.
@_date: 2015-03-12 23:32:21


So based on some sort of ESP, your heavily evidence-based, and clearly very deeply scientific analysis is that bitcoin should just be left at a 1MB blocksize until the network _actually_ runs into potentially catastrophic transaction problems, correct?


The system is not "that complex". It's a matter of changing the blocksize from 1BM to 20MB, and then automatically increasing that by 50% every year with no additional intervention. And there is a _very_ good reason, which I've explained. Btw, the math has been done on this, and a consensus is slowly being reached that this _is_ probably the best approach. Why? Because it's better to get any potential _showstoppers_ out of the way *now*, as opposed to manually making changes when the network _is already_ handling hundreds and thousands of transactions. The sooner, the better in fact.


Please provide us with some supporting evidence for this assertion, unless you'd prefer that it remain firmly planted in the realm of willy-nilly guesses.
@_date: 2015-02-13 14:20:58
Very well said. Although this is only a part of the equation. Whether it is a very large part, or just a smaller part is difficult to say. However, it seems clear that there's a quite toxic kind of anti-Bitcoin behavior that is comprised generally of an intensely irrational fear &amp; hatred that can be broken down further into a few sub-categories. In your post, you briefly touch on one of those.
The terrifying prospect of responsibility over your own money. And many of us have finally come to understand where that irrational terror comes from. It's drummed into us via the colossal, well-oiled propaganda apparatus of mass-media from the youngest possible age, until the moment of death. I mean, haven't you heard? We can never take care of ourselves, there's no such thing as self-management, and we'll always need someone else we don't even know (and who doesn't even really know us) to take care of that for us.... always for our "own good" of course.
@_date: 2015-02-07 01:31:07
Except, that's NOT what they're trying to do. So yes, double fuck 'em. How was I allowed to to grab the few hundred that I did, and then suddenly they're asking for passports and photo-ids and all this crap? If it were all about "protection" and "fraud prevention", why didn't they do it from the very beginning?
Know your customer isn't about fraud-protection. It's about guilty until proven innocent, and being able to _know_ who it is that holds the money/Bitcoins, and HOW MUCH it is that they have. It's about keeping the herd in check. Maybe not by Circle themselves, but by THEIR masters (the very same toxically parasitic banking institutions Bitcoin is slowly helping our species escape from). Imagine that, the  financial criminals of them all, preaching to us about "fraud-protection". If they were really interested in that, they'd be "protecting" us from themselves.
@_date: 2015-03-27 07:12:53
Three nasty parasites upon civilization. If Bitcoin is "rat poison", they're the fucking RATS.
@_date: 2015-02-12 10:12:11
Coin discrimination? Never gonna happen. They might try, but they will fail miserably due to the semantics involved in even embarking upon such a heinously stupid and reckless project. This is especially true if they decide to do it _after_ Bitcoin has become ubiquitous.
@_date: 2015-02-22 12:45:13
As I said, such enterprises are a necessary, yet temporary evil. And I'm not talking about all companies. I was specifically targeting exchanges like circle and coinbase, etc. Of course vendors will exist and build atop Bitcoin. Comparing Bitcoin to an email server is a false equivalency because Bitcoin is not centralized, is certainly easier to secure than any email server (they get owned all the time), and the blockchain does not require any maintenance.
And if there were a reliable blockchain-based method for sending email without the need for hosting it on some remote server controlled by two or three engineers who no one knows from a hole-in-the-wall (who may be peering at your data or granting access to it for criminal structures like the NSA to later disseminate), services like gmail and hotmail would _also_ evaporate. In fact, it's not unreasonable to say that such a decentralized email network can and will emerge to replace centralized email, even if it takes a decade. Decentralized mesh networks may eventually replace the Achilles heel of the Internet: diabolical ISPs (eg. Comcast, Verizon).
So, I believe decentralization based on blockchain style technology will dismantle and rebuild _many_ of the current systems that we once couldn't have imagined being able to function without some sort of central management. It's a paradigm shift of extraordinary scope &amp; scale that many have not yet come to understand.
Though the banks have. And, needless to say, they don't like the idea of people being comfortable having _total_ control over their own money. Why? Because it cuts their antiquated, exploitative model completely out. And the people who run the parasitic project of private banking are creatures who cannot survive any other way than at the expense of others. So we can all expect a pretty sweet disinformation campaign to terrify us about holding and securing our own Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-06 15:24:27
@_date: 2015-02-08 11:49:36
 
20 effing years later, it looks like ol' Bill is at it again. Pulling another "overnight interest in the Internet", only this time the target is Bitcoin. History, however, must not repeat itself:
The implications of the Internet hit Gates like a ton of cement. Microsoft immediately changes course to offer shitty, exploit-packed, spit-on-standards IE for free, diabolically crushing Netscape, whose offering at the time, was commercial. IE quickly dominates, only to be beaten back years later by far superior browsers (Firefox, Chrome).
The implications of Bitcoin hit Gates like a ton of cement. Microsoft/Gates quickly maneuver to offer a shitty, centralized, bankster-endorsed means of money transfer via (now ubiquitous) mobile devices...... Only this time, it won't take years for this new system to be beaten back by a far superior, decentralized form of money-transfer (Bitcoin, Altcoin Cryptocurrencies).
Bitcoin already has the network effect. What Gates is rattling on about, can and is being done right this minute with Bitcoin (it's already possible for users to transact with Bitcoin through SMS). Humanity will see the shittyness of this "new IE", and NOT make the same mistake it did with Netscape. Choose Bitcoin (+SMS if needed) for mobile payments, not some criminal-bankster-endorsed, centralized system of exploitative shit. You wanna "bank the unbanked?" Start building infrastructure around Bitcoin, rather than trying to reinvent a wheel that can only be manipulated by a small band of wealthy-elite trolls. Bitcoin is already here, and it already fucking works.﻿