@_author: c4v3man
@_date: 2014-10-17 01:24:21
Not the owner, I just help out the owner with the device. As far as accepting bitcoin for restaurant purchases, at this time that would be difficult to integrate into the POS system. I suggested using gift cards as an intermediate solution, allowing for purchasing a $20 gift card with bitcoin for example, but at this time there are no set plans. I will pass your suggestion to the owner, to let him know there is interest in the region. 
There is also the problem with delays in regards to accepting bitcoin. Sometimes you'll get confirmations almost instantly, other times it will take minutes. During a blitz of orders, even credit card delays can seem like an eternity, so a bitcoin transaction may not be immediately feasible. It's something we are investigating for the future however.
@_date: 2014-10-16 15:07:54
There were a variety of issues surrounding the initial deployment at that location, including wireless infrastructure issues, as well as general issues in regards to the implementation of Skyhook. We've had issues communicating with Skyhook support, whether it's replies that take days/weeks, and sometimes receiving no reply at all. 
We have tested it in-shop, replaced the on-site wireless infrastructure, and will have the ATM redeployed by the end of the week. Test transactions and overall stability are decent in testing, and with the improvements made at the restaurant it should be stable in production as well.
@_date: 2019-08-04 01:10:46
Nope, ransoms are done in just Bitcoin as well. It's not exclusive, some ask for wire transfers as well. 
But if you look at the number of legitimate versus illegitimate emails discussing dollars vs Bitcoin, absolutely Bitcoin has a reputation of being useful for malicious purposes. But hey, I deal with spam filtering services and consulting on a frequent basis, offering to help this user better structure his messages to avoid the filters, obviously I have some sinister purpose of convincing the Bitcoin echo chamber that MS/Google aren't evil so my bosses at MS/Google can continue to try to "stop the signal". 
Make sure the tinfoil goes all the way down to the base of your neck... The Medula is where the radio wave emitters transmit to. 
(This is not to say that big tech isn't filtering things, isn't heavily politicised, etc. But if you assume that MS/Google are trying to filter emails containing the word Bitcoin for nefarious purposes, then I have a bridge to sell you... Priced in Bitcoin for convenience)
@_date: 2019-08-03 21:54:20
Google mail and Microsoft Outlook email... Let me try to decipher this, since this sounds like non technical user speak...
You are trying to send out marketing emails to your clients. Clients hosted on Microsofts free  email accounts and clients with  email accounts are not receiving your emails that contain "Bitcoin" in them, correct? But other customers, with other domains like   etc are receiving the emails?
There's many reasons you'd get this behavior. Keep in mind, that Bitcoin is commonly used for ransomware, and phishing attempts. Many people get emails from "their boss" saying they're stuck in some prison in Mexico and need .2btc so they can get released, and they need it now... 
There's a good chance that Microsoft and Google are legitimately blocking your emails due to a number of factors. Depending on how you're sending out your emails, they could be rejected due to volume of emails (are you using a bulk mail delivery service like MailChimp or constant contact?) Or you could be including links in your email, that when combined with other "spam like content" gets your emails to score high enough that it's classified as spam. Look up "spam confidence level" or SCL for Microsofts take on spam filtering based on content. 
Spam filtering, especially on massive free services is a huge deal. You have to protect what is largely a group of idiot users, from harming themselves, while also reducing bandwidth and storage on your back end. 
You and others thinking this is "big tech trying to shut down Bitcoin" are misguided... there is likely a much more reasonable excuse for why this is happening. Feel free to reach out to me via pm if you want some more advice on how to stop this from happening.
@_date: 2019-08-04 03:01:15
Sure, I get a mis-corrected word on my phone keyboard, and the rest of the message is unintelligible to you. Yet I can read messages where a third of the letters are missing, without skipping a beat. Guess I'm the idiot.