@_author: cableguppy
@_date: 2014-04-14 15:49:47
Disclosure: I trade forex, I don't deal with Bitcoin. Trading of all sorts fascinates me.
You've lost 90% ("..90% of which will be written off at a loss") and you're in denial. If a trader made that post but replaced the word "Bitcoin" with a currency pair or stock symbol, they'd be considered a lunatic. I'm not an expert in Bitcoin, but I've looked at BTCUSD and can understand how people can trade it for profit. But you're not one of them. Your track record is atrocious (90% loss is bad for any trader in any market), your strategy isn't working and you've written a blog post about how you're sticking to your guns.
Human behavior doesn't change but people are rediscovering basic trading psychology concepts with Bitcoin. Usually it's with traders capturing profit and experiencing a high then recklessly trying to chase the feeling. Experienced traders detach themselves and concentrate on executing their strategy. Your predicament is strange: rather than chasing profits, you're chasing a feeling of belonging to a greater movement.
The quote from your blog ("genetically engineered to be a trader") is telling: if this means you have a natural knack studying technicals, being focused and methodical, exercising caution and knowing when to stop, then you might have a trading personality. But I think you're an addict and Bitcoin is your drug. Your drug could have equally been a currency pair or a stock symbol.
A few points on your blog post:
*Hoarding a commodity isn't inherently careful or risk adverse or a show of self discipline. Hoarding a strategy. I won't comment on the validity of the strategy as I don't understand the Bitcoin market. I hope it works for you.
*You mentioned that prices are determined at the margin. That's correct, but only half the picture. Bitcoin is a competitive market and closing your position won't change the market price. Your position is microscopic. That's a good thing, otherwise people could manipulate the market and it wouldn't be competitive :)
*The good news, traders generally don't criticize people who buy and hold, because any single trader is too small to have an impact. The bad news is, nobody appreciates the position you are taking. All I see is a bunch of lines on my screen and a list of news events that might influence it.
@_date: 2014-06-02 15:44:40
You grew up in Africa and don't think Bitcoin can help? DOWNVOTE! Take it from a M-PESA expert like me (I looked it up in Wikipedia several minutes ago), Bitcoin can solve all their problems and make me the rich captain of industry I deserve to be!
Now if someone other than myself could help spread awareness of Bitcoin in Africa I'd appreciate it. I'm willing to start a wiki and would appreciate Bitcoin donations.
BTW someone downvote this guy for saying Africa has bigger problems to worry about.