@_author: cacheling
@_date: 2017-04-21 03:50:10
BFX will eventually find a bank that can process withdrawals. If BitStamp and Coinbase can still move USD, BFX will no doubt find a solution.
That solution may take a few weeks and require everyone to update their verification though. It may also come with far stricter ToS. But, it will happen.
@_date: 2017-04-21 03:50:48
Yes, blockchain technology is mindblowing, however bitcoin isn't the only blockchain, and there are others out there trying implement features and functions that bitcoin will never have. You should be worried about this if you're a bitcoin maximalist.
But bitcoin needs to be refined and will lose out and become obsolete if it doesn't bring anything new to the to the table that improves bitcoin. it's currently stagnant like it has been since the silly blocksize debate started 2 years ago.
The biggest thing bitcoin has is name recognition, other than that it's the biggest dinosaur of blockchain tech.
Not to say it isn't brilliant. But right now it only really works well as a proof of concept for other more robust blockchains. Unless they figure out a way to make bitcoin more feature-full and robust, as well as be able to implement it with "consensus."
Sorry but I think the wrong people are now running bitcoin into the ground in the name of ego. On both sides of the blocksize debate.
@_date: 2017-04-21 03:50:21
I give you permisionless, borderless and anonymous compared to mastercard.
But the last two are attributes of holding bitcoin, the opposite of selling it, which you do by buying stuff with it. And I honestly think you underestimate the goverment on your last claim. Goverment is as in much controll of your bitcoin usage as they are in any usage of the internet. Sure its possible to use it even if its get outlawed. You can also plan terrorist attacks on the internet, but sometimes people get caught and in general its really inconvinient to do it hidden.
But remember that it also suffers from some of those points. If someone robs your fiat bank account, you can get your money back. If someone forces you to make a transaction or tell your password, your money are gone forever. And the goverment cant print bitcoin either to give you welfare.
@_date: 2017-04-21 03:50:35
Not sure who youre quoting here but I personally don't feel that is political because it's not hindering anyone from their use of their current fiat currency. It's simply an alternative option that manages to circumvent the need for government control. It's less "money should not be controlled by a central government" and more "money doesn't have to be controlled by a central government". The choice is still there for the individual to participate or not in the Bitcoin marketplace.
In the case of women and the pro-choice/pro-life movement, the legal right to get an abortion is what's at the center of the discussion. In a world where abortion is illegal, it is much harder to circumvent the law safely than it is to transfer Bitcoin in a world where the laws have deemed it illegal. It's not an apples to apples comparison and any parallels I attempt to draw between the two are too reductionist towards one side or the other.
@_date: 2017-04-21 03:49:58
It did turn out to be the first public acknowledgement of an unfortunate situation.
I'm not sure it's much more important than that. The lawsuit seemed to serve what I'm guessing was its purpose - which was for Bitfinex to figure out what was going on.
They retained reputable outside counsel, and I'm guessing they weren't getting a response and so they filed suit to get attention. See paragraphs 54-56 of the complaint - the lawsuit hinged on being able to prove that Wells Fargo intentionally suspended wires, without justification, knowing that it would harm Bitfinex.
I'm guessing again, but once Bitfinex heard the justification, they dropped the suit.
This all sounds like Bitfinex was in the dark, not that they're up to something malicious. And hopefully the banking issue blows over.
I'm guessing again, but you're probably doing this to make money for yourself.
