@_author: cakeandale
@_date: 2018-05-03 11:41:43
Miners react to supply and demand... if Bitcoin isn't economical to mine, they'll simply shift to mining another crypto that is. It's not like they're committed to Bitcoin and Bitcoin only.
@_date: 2018-06-18 22:26:57
What defines failed? Did the franc fail when it was replaced by the euro? Or are we defining any currency that ended use amicably as part of the new currency? In that case it seems like that's a tautology... everything either lost it's value when it stopped use, kept its value when it stopped use, or is still in use.
And what makes fiat currency special? If you have a pocket full of denarius, what could you buy? Sure you could sell it to collectors for historical value, or melt it down for its inherent value in raw metals, but as a coin representing a amount of currency what good is it today?
@_date: 2018-06-19 12:01:02


Again, what defines "failed"? What makes inflation compared to the value of a metal the sole criteria for whether a currency is good or not, versus things like usage, cost of transaction, etc?
@_date: 2018-06-19 01:01:03
Yeah, there definitely are failed fiat currencies, no argument there. I just think this "all fiat currencies fail/collapse/etc, if they haven't they just haven't *yet*" is a poor argument... in order to be true it needs to define the terms so that every single fiat currency that ever was once used and since stopped either somehow counts as failed/collapsed/etc or is still in play in some way and so could still fit the definition of collapse if you just wait long enough. And sure, if you define the terms so it's impossible for a counterexample to exist within a finite timespan of course the idea is "true", but to what end?
@_date: 2018-02-04 20:03:50
Inflation is theft, the economy should be based on inherently deflationary currency! With no central regulating body that couldn't possibly cause problems, right?
Just imagine if we had only the same number of dollars that existed in 1913 to use today. The economy would have crumbled *long* before now.
@_date: 2018-07-16 00:35:46


[That is simply untrue](


In the scenario we're talking about, the capital investment. That's my whole point. When everything is automated, how is someone who doesn't have a job to find an income?


Over the next 30-40 years, what positions _won't_ be outdated? I'm not talking menial labor, I'm talking obsolescence across all employment. 
@_date: 2018-07-10 12:50:01


Having debt and having credit aren't mutually exclusive, and in fact most people with a bank account have both. I'd recommend this video [on how a credit based economy works](
@_date: 2018-07-09 16:28:43
The problem of deflation isn't an artifact of having a managed economy, it's a logical progression you get when it's more valuable to hold on to money than spend it. Admittedly it's not that any amount deflation is an automatic death spiral, but the dream of basing an economy around a currency that inherently cannot be adjusted in any way to compensate for economic factors is a terribly, terribly bad idea. Those unelected monkeys are the reason the US economy has been so stable compared to the constant crashes and panics of the late 1800s and early 1900s.
@_date: 2018-07-09 15:54:56


Yeah, that's the problem. It means the store lost money, since they used to have 1000s, traded that for inventory, but now they can only trade their inventory for 800s since prices deflated. They would have been better off holding the 1000s than running a business and spending it. Economies fundamentally cannot work that way, special magic currency or no.
@_date: 2018-07-16 11:24:39
I agree that most stock offers dividends, on the basis that a stock without dividends is hardly any better than a very expensive corporate baseball card. I don't see that as a right owed to stock holders, though, but we are getting pretty far afield from the topic of discussion.


I don't fail to recognize, I simply disagree. The past hundred years has seen an explosion in transportation, as travel has become faster and cheaper and more reliable. Barely any travel today involves a horse, however.
I agree that humans have infinite wants, but as computers grow to be able to do physically and conceptually nearly anything a human can do, there's very little need for a human to be involved in that process. Some things may still exist, like customer service and salesperson roles, but very many jobs we take for granted can be automated and reduced. We've never seen anything like this before, not on the scale of what computers are becoming able to do, so I believe to assume that it will always be a way because it always has been that way is naive.
However, this may be the point at which we fundamentally disagree. Hopefully you're right, and pervasive automation produces more jobs than it displaces. I simply don't have that confidence.
@_date: 2018-07-09 22:59:41


How is _deflation_ in BTC more predictable than current monetary policy? BTC is completely subject the whims of the economy - if the economy grows rapidly then BTC will deflate rapidly, if the economy is stagnant it stays the same.
And how does a deflationary currency turn into long term collectivist utopia? Deflationary currency means all spending has an outsized opportunity cost in comparison to the money's future value from doing nothing, so you'd expect the exact opposite - little to no long term investment, with the only expenditures people would be willing to make ones that provide immediate value.


I realize many things, chief among them that phrasing a sentence as "You realize that...?" is _really_ patronizing and ends discussions.
Also, moving to a inherently deflationary currency because the government doesn't know what "countercyclical fiscal policy" means is like having too much credit card death so you fake your own death and become a hermit. There's a _world_ of better options out there. Almost literally anything else would be a better way.
@_date: 2018-07-15 21:50:38


I also have a job. With pervasive automation products may be cheaper, but then who will have money to buy them? And how does that intense level of consolidation of wealth fit with the idea of _humans_ being so rich that they "can choose to follow their own interests"?
It sounds like a utopia for a select owning class that benefits from the machines that produce things, and at best business as normal and most likely much worse for the remainder who needs one of the remaining non-automatable jobs as a source for money.
@_date: 2018-07-15 00:28:33
Performance on average is great, right up until you need to buy food to eat.
@_date: 2018-07-05 11:51:15
If the loan is based in bitcoin, being deflationary is an incentive to loan - it's the people taking the loan who would be reluctant. Using contrived numbers, say I loan a person 1btc worth $10,000 at 3%, a year later they repay me 1.03btc, but now it's worth $20,600. Since I got my bitcoin back and more, it being deflationary meant I benefited _plus_ interest.
The loanee, on the other hand, got shafted hard. It's questionable if they'd be able to have a business with such a good expected profit that it's worth spending money on. They'd have to beat deflation for every satoshi they spend in inventory and capital expensitures, since every minute from spend to revenue their product or service becomes worth fewer and fewer bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-07-15 22:09:22
Sure, it might be possible a person who is already sufficiently wealthy could use their money to become a part of the ownership class. But again, where would a person who isn't already wealthy get that money to purchase stock? And it's assuredly more profitable to be a direct owner than a stock owner (Otherwise the direct owners would somehow be better off investing their wealth in stock of... themselves...), so you're still looking at a immense consolidation of wealth, just that a larger group of people on the fringe may have the ability to get some margin of the benefits.
@_date: 2018-07-15 18:51:28
Some humans will be, specifically the humans that own the robots doing all the labor. There's no fundamental need that the revenue from those robots will be shared.
@_date: 2018-07-09 19:25:34
Yeah, 20% deflation is a pretty exaggerated case, but the problem with deflation is it's self-amplifying. If people see their income come down because of tightening budgets, they'll spend less. Companies see sales drop and need to drop prices, which in turn brings in less money, so they need to cut costs. Part of cutting costs is laying off employees and portentously reducing the remaining employee's pay.
In a ideal case without layoffs or supply shortages it's possible everything could stay balanced, where real value is maintained but the numbers decrease, but that's not how it works out in practice. People get laid off and people with jobs fear losing them, and so their spending decreases even more than their income does. You end up with people desperately hoarding what little money they can, and it doesn't take too long before the economy lurches to a complete halt.
As for the world economy versus bitcoin, real value is an objectively measurable thing. It's not as simple as placing things in a purely relative mindset that Bitcoin gaining value in USD is the same as USD is hemorrhaging value against Bitcoin. A bitcoin now buys more physical goods than a bitcoin five years ago, so a Bitcoin objectively is deflating. USD supply does increase (Google M0 supply or M1 supply for some charts, it's not a linear process), which is aimed to keep the USD value stable as the economy grows and shrinks.
@_date: 2018-07-05 12:53:50


Oh definitely agree there. I guess I see it as less a problem for lending (Below-zero interest rates from private banks is definitely a non-starter) but any investment at all. Why buy milk to make cheese with, if by the time it's done the cheese has a very real chance of being worth less than what the milk cost a year or two ago? I'd have to try to sell my cheese at an astronomical price just to make back the same bitcoin I started with but spent in supplies, and good luck finding anyone who can pay that much for some cheese.
A fundamentally deflationary economy sounds downright terrifying - the people it works for is the insanely rich who see their net worth rising overnight just from doing nothing. For people who have to work or invest in a business to make ends meet, deflation is going to wreck them.
@_date: 2018-07-09 10:20:04
Is the thought that deflation will skip the millionaires and somehow only benefit the little guy? Deflation is amazing for the rich who have money, since it means their money increases in value without any risk and without them lifting a finger, but it's terrible for the average person. Uncontrollable intrinsic deflation means people who have to work for a living will see their wages get reduced to match real value because there literally isn't enough currency available to pay them (even as their mortgage or rent stays the same), and stores will go out of business left and right as that stock they bought for 1000s a week ago is worth only 800s now.
Massive, uncontrollable deflation is a terrible thing unless you're rich and have money you can steal away while it gains value simply for existing. If bitcoin became the world currency it'd probably work out very well for the people here, especially those in in the "20 million club", but to everyone else who has to use their deflating bitcoin to pay rent and buy food it would be pre-revolution France.
@_date: 2018-07-15 22:43:45


How so? I own stock in Starbucks, but far as I know that doesn't give me any rights to assets unless the company goes into bankruptcy, and in that case stock owners are literally the last in line. Some stocks offer dividends, but that's not a right. My stock might not even be voting stock, but even if it were that doesn't mean very much.
All told, it's always better to be Mark Zuckerberg than a Facebook shareholder. If it ever were more profitable to own stock than to run the company, the person running the company is doing a terrible job and would inevitably either drop out or adjust the balance so they're again on top.


My point is that with pervasive automation, jobs that cannot be done by a machine (Whether economically or simply at all) will become very scarce. I fully expect that there will become a very significant group of otherwise capable people who have zero income because there are no jobs that are worth paying them to perform. To tell them that their income should be from having money to purchase stock in the companies that automated their jobs isn't a sensible solution to that problem.
@_date: 2018-04-07 18:12:36
The only way for a currency that isn't in use today to not end in "failure" is for it to stop being used while it's still working, which is rare but you in fact can see that in the mergers, like with the EU where local currencies that were still roughly stable at the time were converted into Euros. But if we ignore any currencies that ended amicably, then it's a unavoidable that everything otherwise must have not ended amicably. There's no other way for something to end except one of those two options.
It's like saying every company ends in bankruptcy and collapse, so long as you ignore the ones that don't. Even if broadly most companies that don't exist today stopped existing via bankruptcy, does that say anything really meaningful about the ones that do still exist?
@_date: 2018-07-09 15:57:37
How so? What makes bitcoin so special when it comes to being used to run an economy?
@_date: 2018-04-14 13:57:03
That logic could be extended to say anything that could be anticipated to offend the west must be a false flag because everyone obviously is constantly cowering in fear of upsetting them.
Assad is fighting a civil war, and his only real risk is losing that. Russia wants Assad in power so they have access to Tartus. If the west does anything that could actually threaten Assad's regime, that threaten's Russia in a very direct way, and would mean almost immediate World War 3. So for Assad it's better to fight the civil war using any means he desires, because the rebels are the only faction that he's capable of losing to. The west might get mad but all they can do is a few symbolic missile strikes, that's way better than risking losing ground to the rebels.
@_date: 2018-04-14 12:20:10
How is it his undoing? He has Russia behind him. Unless NATO wants to start world war 3, all he has to worry about is some symbolic strikes and rebuilding a few processing plants. If he hadn't been using chemical weapons he wouldn't even need those plants that were attacked anyway, so it's not like he lost anything substantial by using them.