@_author: calamity_bannon
@_date: 2017-05-18 16:45:07
Thank you for the chuckle. This is so absurd. You say it with such conviction yet have zero evidence.
@_date: 2017-05-19 03:01:22
My post is not all wrong. You didn't even try to refute anything. All you did was claim that blockchains can't scale without any evidence. Thanks for your worthless input.
@_date: 2017-05-18 16:33:38
Since you seem to have an open mind, let me widen your perspective some more.
Bitcoin is not working as it was originally intended. Blocks were never supposed to be constantly full. It was always assumed by Satoshi and Gavin and others that the cap would be raised as the network grew. The reason for the cap is a sort of "sanity check" so that the network wouldn't accept an unusual and extraordinarily large block.
Having fees pay for mining *now* is laughable. Miners still receive a handsome subsidy from the block reward and will continue to do so for years to come (should Bitcoin's value continue to rise). Also, this really is a terrible understanding of economics. What business do you think is more profitable for the owner? A single classy restaurant in New York City that is always packed, or a world-wide franchise like McDonald's that sees millions of customers a day? The former may have a higher profit margin, but the latter brings in by far more money and serves orders of magnitudes more people. So in other words, Bitcoin miners will make *far more money* serving more users and make profit in volume and perceived value than they ever could by artificially capping blockspace in a piss poor attempt to raise fees. By the way, did you know miners have the ability to not include whatever transactions they don't like in a block that they mine? So if they think the fee is too low, then they won't include it. In other word, **you don't need a cap on blocksize to dictate this**. What a terrible stupid argument. It only gets paraded around by certain people on this subreddit. And it's so nonsensical. They really need better talking points.
And Bitcoin will not be okay. Money is flooding over to other cryptocurrencies which have their shit together. Your average Joes does not care *why* Bitcoin transactions aren't going through. All he knows is that they don't, so he instead uses other currencies that don't have these problems (and have had better returns than Bitcoin has had these past couple months, too!)