@_author: calidinor
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:37:14
I think that the BetRobot is just a scam now. I will invest in GlobalCryptoBot, the Bot started already but you can start investing on June 1st.
Check it out: 
It works very similar to BetRobot.
@_date: 2017-05-27 16:01:37
Okay, maybe you're right, we can't really know if other Bots are working as long as BetRobot did. But that is the reason why you have to invest as one of the first. Then you can payout your invest as soon as possible and after that time you can play with the rest and hope that the Bot will last some time.
I personally think that it is to risky to invest 0.05 BTC in BetRobot again. What if they close very soon this time? We all invest and after 16 days they close the Bot. All new invests word have ended without even one payout.
Check the new rules if BetRobot. Min Invest, Reinvest and Payout is 0.05. If it closes after 16 days, you made exactly -0.05 BTC.
@_date: 2017-05-28 09:37:02
"Did" is a word of my opinion, I think. ;) Maybe BetRobot will really run for a while again, but I personally don't trust it for now. And of course, investing in a new Bot is risky, but I am not so sure if it is "more risky" than investing in an Bot that already scammed a lot of people. People, that now are flaming the whole day in their Chatgroups. For me it is possible, that the BetRobot providers just want to get the rest of their "supporters" and close it forever.
But maybe you're right and the Bot will run again for a long time. I will of course watch the bot and maybe I will invest again. But it's not a bad idea, in my opinion, to invest in another bot.
@_date: 2017-05-30 06:28:53
Now the bot seems to be offline. Maybe they just wanted to get their money back, that they lost because of the withdrawal a week ago.
I did not invest again. :)
@_date: 2017-05-30 10:35:49
Of course it is guessing. I personally can't know a fact about it, because I am not the provider or an admin of this program.
But the Bot "philosophy" changed over the past few weeks. No more contests (okay, they wasn't necessary after 50k users), the removal of the /stats command (why remove this trust-command?) and then the problems they had. Okay, you already said, that they scammed the people and you accept that. But now you hope, that they will start a 2nd round and that it will also be as successful as the first one.
But they currently don't seem to give a shit. There currently aren't any new news, since two days. I can't imagine, why the Bot is off now without a news about that, like "hey guys, the bot is down because we're updating to the new script we told you about in the last news".
Or maybe I can imagine this: They just wanted to make some more money and get all they can from all the people, that have fallen in love with this bot and eat everything the bot-crew is giving them.
I will gamble on other bots now. And of course I want to spread links to those, like you do with your blog. Whats wrong with that?