@_author: caliptso
@_date: 2015-12-21 16:54:04
Exactly this. OP deserves a punch in the face for his post title.
@_date: 2015-12-21 18:06:27
It's only a proposal currently, and will probably get rejected. So, don't worry yet. It's just an idea floating around that has the code already written in case people want it. There's nothing wrong with proposing new ideas and throwing them out there to see if people want it implemented or not.
@_date: 2015-12-23 17:30:17
I havn't submitted a post with an attention-grabbing BS title. So, I'll throw the first punch. There should be a lot of people after me.
@_date: 2015-12-21 18:03:07
As I understand it, RBF will only be allowed on transactions that are flagged as RBF-able in the first place. So, it would be possible for you to receive a transaction and see that it cannot be replaced by a future one.
So, this seems like an introduction of an optional feature that 99% of users shouldn't use, but is available for some tiny portion that may find it useful in some situations.
That's my understanding from a cursory glance, at least. Merchant systems should be configurable (or, preferably, set by default) to not accept RBF transactions until they are included in a block.z
@_date: 2014-12-14 18:13:50
Any gold from asteroid mining will not be returned to earth. Asteroid mining is only useful when the resources will be kept in space.
Getting a craft (like a mineral recovery vehicle) merely into low Earth orbit costs at least $1,000 per pound - but that's only low earth orbit. To get something to any asteroid costs a massive amount more, due to what's called the Tyranny of the Rocket Equation. The cost to get that back to Earth makes it horrendously expensive. Kerbal Space Program can give you a good idea of what's needed - but remember, Kerbal has everything in 1/10th scale compared to our solar system
In addition, it takes years of careful planning just to reach an asteroid, and there's no promise of being able to actually land on it. And after that, there's no promise that it will have any valuable minerals at all.
I could go on and on about the incredible costs, but really you can read the material from the two main asteroid mining companies and see for yourself. They know very well what they plan to do.
@_date: 2014-12-14 17:52:51
Why is your therapist in Starfleet?
@_date: 2015-01-07 06:08:55
It already is in the pool's incentive to have smaller blocks, as it allows them to spread the block faster and more likely to be adopted if another comparable block is found at almost the same time.
The bigger issue is the greedy miner problem, whereby a pool with more than 1/3rd of the mining power (and likely less) could benefit by NOT sending a block outside the pool - it's own miners could work off the block for several minutes before sending it out, which would give them a head start compared to the rest of the network. Even if an alternative block was found before the greedy block was spread, the greedy miners may find a subsequent block before the non-greedy miners, and so their greedy chain would become the accepted one. 
But that's a debate for another day.
@_date: 2015-01-07 05:51:34
I think there is a potential problem with increasing blocksize that has not been considered: within a few years, clients on cellphones may want to store a (compressed) copy of the blockchain, and this would be much more difficult if the blocks are larger. We should also consider that network providers may try to ban apps that automatically download up to 20 MB every 10 minutes (or 4.8 GB per day).
25% of the time, my 3-month-old cellphone can't get a usable signal on the 4G network in the US in urban and suburban areas, and there are few signs that this will improve as the spectrum gets more crowded. So, if I want to receive a transaction on my phone, I would often need to trust the other party because I cannot verify it. Finding a signal or trustable wifi hotspot is not a practical option if I want to use bitcoin as easily as cash.
If my cellphone has a complete copy of the blockchain, it would be more able to verify that the sender did have the funds as of the last update it received. That is far from perfect, but better than the alternative.
The only other option is for the sender's app or payment systems to provide proof that they have uploaded the transaction to the network - which requires me to trust.