@_author: call_me_joris
@_date: 2016-12-28 13:36:43
Seriously. 
First off; The whole idea behind cryptocurrency is a decentralised monetary system. If you want to make money as a bank, you have to offer a service in exchange for a part of your customers' capital surplus (that you as a bank create through investments). 
Now which bitcoin user would give up a part of their profit in exchange for holding your bitcoin, something you can easily do yourself? 
Secondly, I also wouldn't be pleased with a bitcoin bank investing my bitcoin in external corporations. 
And lastly, credit is a really bad idea. Credit is one of the biggest capitalist mechanisms to exploit the human naievety (~spelling) and impulsivity, and also one of the main reasons for the current worldwide financial crisis. 
Bitcoin could (and should) offer an alternative to the current fucked up monetary system, through anonimity, security and protection from the decisions of random bankers. Also inflation.
Please don't make a bitcoin bank.
@_date: 2016-12-28 16:27:06
Loans and leasings are indeed a good alternative to credit. They're also forms of long-term payment but the difference with credit is that you can't impulse-loan some cash for your christmas presents only to find out you don't actually have enough money after all. Loans take consideration. 
I'm also puzzled as to how we can, on a decentralized monetary system, sustain periodic/recurring payments, but I'm sure people who are good with economics can figure something out. I'm thinking that it should be possible for the individual exchanges to "save" a payment, that you can easily later repeat by online sig. If this is not already an available service on exchanges of course. This would mean more involvement in one's own personal finances, because you have to personally sign the payments each period, which I reckon can only benefit the user.
@_date: 2013-10-19 19:55:20
@_date: 2013-10-19 19:56:07
This is the best publicity stunt anyone's ever done! I'll make sure to use your site!