@_author: callado
@_date: 2017-11-11 01:58:34
I don't know how oil industry is managed, but surely the workers have certain democratic power, however, the central government still have more power for foreign relations of the company, for being a oil company the central government has more power over the company.
There isn't any profit made in the company where my relatives work. There isn't a CEO or a manager who make more than others workers, all of them are paid for the labor they employ according to the laws. The money made by the company isn't even enough to even invest for the maintenance of the machinery, however that isn't a problem when the central government can create money and give it to the company for whatever is necessary to keep up production if the workers agree.
@_date: 2017-11-13 01:36:53


With capitalism the crisis wouldn't have happened at all. Venezuela could have diversified its economy before, decades ago, but socialism didn't allowed that and today's problem is the same because of socialism.
@_date: 2017-11-11 01:24:23
They have the means to manage the industry following certain rules agreed with the central government and also the people in the community where companies are located. For example, in the company where my relatives work, they can decide everything related to the production in the company, the distribution and also everything related to the administrative side as monetary resources, labor and material resources.
@_date: 2017-11-11 01:05:25
Workers within industries in Venezuela have democratic control over means of production. As a Venezuelan with relatives working for a company seized years ago, I can say you don't know anything about Venezuela, its legal system and also the political environment in here for the companies even "private" ones.
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:06:58
This cryptocurrency is being used by the government to alleviate the effects of the sanctions that the United States imposed on certain individuals. With the intention of being able to issue more 'debt' through other mechanisms, the government decided to create this fraudulent scheme.
At the moment, the national assembly has declared that this issue of 'debt' is illegal. We can also refer to the constitution and understand that this scheme is also unconstitutional. While the government claimed to be supporting the criptominning, several people were arrested after registering with the National Registry of Miners created by the government to control and extort money from people who were using cryptocurrencies.
Most people do not have access to the internet. Also a large part of the population have neither a smart phone nor a computer to use cryptocurrencies. The only way for us toget benefit
is through economic reform to establish a free economy, which can be achieved if nobody buys these coins. This cryptocurrency is a centralized currency and used for illegal purposes against the Venezuelan population.
What you can expect from this scheme is that people who try to buy these cryptocurrencies from the Venezuelan government will only get promises in return without any kind of legal-backing or even the cryptocurrencies itself, Petro. For the moment, the government has said to accept bitcoin and ethereum in exchange of Petro which means that anyone who gives a bitcoin to the government, could expect to get nothing in return while losing the ability to recover what was gave to the government.
@_date: 2018-03-30 23:41:15
See, we have little choice, US banknotes or any other foreign currencyare scarce in here so it's hard to buy cash, and you can buy electronic by a wire transfer but nobody own a bank account abroad and it is difficult to get one. We can have a paypal account which is totally ok except for the fees.
Buying crypto is easier, less risky during the transaction, faster, sadly the coins fluctuate a lot, but it's better than having bolivares.
@_date: 2018-03-28 01:18:02
You can ask venezuelans themselves in about the sanctions, the humanitarian crisis and everything related to our daily lives struggling in this country to not starve to death
@_date: 2018-03-28 16:44:20
Wrong. Sanctions were applied weeks ago.
@_date: 2018-03-28 01:14:23
Sanctions were applied weeks ago, Venezuela's economy has been collapsing since years
This isn't US fault. 
I am venezuelan suffering this crisis. I'v been eating one meal per day for days, and the same is the daily basis for almost half of the venezuela's population. The other half is struggling to get two meals. We can't produce anything because private property is stolen by the communal councils and other organizations backed by armed thugs. This is the fault of the socialist dictatorship in Venezuela
@_date: 2018-03-28 18:22:19
Can you link a source backing your claim that sanctions against Venezuela were imposed more than 20 years ago?
@_date: 2018-03-20 00:43:56
it is pegged to oil price
no short
@_date: 2018-03-30 22:24:23
I am from Venezuela, still living here in Venezuela. I've been able to see people selling food for cryptocurrency in the streets. If you look carefully, you can buy a car with crypto, maybe a home. 
Cryptocurrency are popular in here, but it's true not everyone is using  cryptocurrencies to make payments for food in a daily basis, just like no many people is using usd to make payments for food. The entire population still uses bolivares to make their shoppings in the black market. No one is paying meat or potatoes with usd banknotes or coins.
Bitcoin adoption, however, is growing fast, you can see it at volume of btc flowing in localbitcoins.com that are being exchanged for bolivares
@_date: 2018-02-23 15:44:33
You are being silly if you think Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies will be used at mass scale in Venezuela, or even for the benefit of the population.
This doesn't improve your situation, but instead, it worsen it. This news state that your government possibly found a way to keep being oppressive against you. It doesn't surprise me if you are a venezuelan and haven't realized this.
@_date: 2018-02-23 16:37:26
If your point is to make notice the confirmation of bitcoin theory as in its functionality, then you are doing it wrong, because first of all, this is bad news for the people in Venezuela, and second, Venezuela isn't going "Full Crypto" adoption, since the only ones who will use cryptocurrencies with the government are foreigners and they won't use it to make payments with the government because you don't make deals with a socialist dictatorship who will scam you, as they have done for the last 18 years.
@_date: 2018-02-22 18:08:36
No, it wasn't. [It didn't raised a dime](
@_date: 2018-03-30 23:06:03
Cryptos are more estable than our bolivares. Monetary policies that aimed to cause hyperinflation in detriment of the monetary system, along with exchange controls and govt sanctions against every citizen using foreing currencies and not bolivares, led us to seek for options to survive the implementation of socialist policies.
In Venezuela, we are unallowed by the law to hand foreing currencies and use them to make payments. Buying crypto to protect our monetary resources is way better than going to the border and open a bank account in colombian pesos or brazilian reais.
There are cryptos with low tx fees or no fee at all that fit us, venezuelans, perfectly.
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:19:10
There were reports of people in the east of the country where it was said that the government officials were stealing bitcoins but the way they did it exactly is not information that I manage. 
@_date: 2018-03-31 04:02:31
because, as i already said, you need bolivares to make your shoppings in Venezuela
If you have stuff you want to sell and only accept payments in usd banknotes, paypal or crypto, you will be jailed that same day, people who isn't very knowlodge and familiarized with paypal, will get mad at you, and you will have a hard time finding someone willing to use bitcoin or ether and make publicly
@_date: 2017-10-16 01:29:27
I am venezuelan, and yes, I can confirm that he mentioned "*criptomonedas*", or cryptycurrency as a singular method of payment -not yet involved- in the scheme he presented, he said that they have people and the equipment to star working in this new concept, the cryptycurrency, to incorporate it as a aditional method of payment for electronic payments.
@_date: 2018-03-19 21:46:01
So far there has not been any proper education about how to use cryptocurrencies or store them. What they have done is to attract public attention to cryptocurrencies in general even more. At least here in Venezuela they are popular because of their usefulness in our economy which is controlled almost entirely by the government through exchange controls and price controls which makes people escape from economic controls by protecting theie wealth buying bitcoin, ethererum and so on.
@_date: 2018-03-19 19:20:47
This sanction has more to do with protecting US citizens from being scammed by the Venezuelan government and not so much for banning the technology of cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2018-02-23 15:37:46
In Venezuela there is an exchange rate. Venezuela currency is valued artificially high against every other foreign currency, at rates of x10 higher than market prices, while there is a prohibition to the entire nation from using or handing foreign currencies in the national economy. We are trapped in this hyperinflationary monetary system, that's why Bitcoin is popular in here. Using foreign currency to make payments in Venezuela is basically putting your wealth into an incinerator to destroy it. This isn't going to be different for Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, and nobody will use Bitcoin to make payments as nobody is using other foreign currencies to make payments to the venezuelan government.
This is bad news for the people in Venezuela. Despite the news confirms the theory of Bitcoin being used as a storage of wealth.
This also put a great responsability upon people who have important amounts of Bitcoin. Cryptocurrencies should be used for good and progress of humanity. In Venezuela this isn't the case. It is up to those who own cryptocurrencies to change this if you understand the atrocities committed by the venezuelan government against the venezuelan population.
@_date: 2017-07-02 21:41:07
Bitcoin can be mined, sold and bought anywhere. However, people can't use bitcoin to buy things in Venezuela, that's why they need to convert bitcoin to usd and then usd to bolívares, or just to usd, depending on what they are buying. Using bitcoin to directly buy items in Venezuela isn't a thing yet, as far I know, it is still illegal to use bitcoin for that. Personally I've never seen anyone selling items for btc in here