@_author: calvinhob
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:57:37
You know Liberty Reserve was based in Costa Rica, right? 
@_date: 2014-03-10 13:06:48
I've been following bitcoin for about 3 years. I did a bit of mining back before the first bubble when it was still possible to do so on a shitty graphics card and get reasonable returns. What amazes me the most is how hilarious the community has consistently been. 
Back in the day you had Atlas, dank, pireate, whoever the dude with the furry dog dick coffeetable was who could only drive a 1995 Ford Explorer. And let's not forget Theymos with his horde of donations to fix bitcointalk's awful forums.
Now you have a whole host of new suckers and the community isn't as tight knit, but there's still hilarity getting pumped out on a daily basis.
Is cryptocurrency kind of cool? Sure. But the number of bitcoin people who love to just wave their hands about the huge huge problems that bitcoin has and pass the buck to another day blows my mind. Security, the idea of relying on no confirmation transactions for retail purchases, security (again because holy shit how do you expect the average joe to ever be good about computer security), the huge number of AML issues.
Honestly, until you repeal the BSA, bitcoin isn't going anywhere. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 12:32:19
What I can't figure out why there was no monitoring in place to notice this OOM, why they have no service agreement with a competent, on call DBA who knows MySQL inside and out, and as you pointed out, why are they using MySQL. The most damning parts of the update for me were the "recompiling a custom version of MySQL" and "scouring the internet to figure out what the bug means." That is fucking terrrrrrifying. Recompiling a custom version on this short of notice that "removes the error" and then immediately trying to deploy it to prod? What.
The only critical systems outage that I know of that has lasted days was the RBS one and I would never use their services because of it (but since I don't live in Scotland, that's probably okay). A few hours of downtime is fine, it happens. But days?
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:15:17
Isn't this the bitcoin security expert who tweeted a link to malware?
@_date: 2014-03-19 02:15:32
No, I don't consider GitHub competent in that regard which is why my company doesn't use them for our repositories. Do they have a great community? Sure. Do I trust them for enterprise development. Not really.
I think something the bitcoin community is bad at is realizing the difference between the level of service/competence to expect from a fun internet toy and real big league systems. A three day outage from what seems to be a preventable database error is horrifying. It baffles me that the community lauds people like Andreas for his "security check" of coinbase when his verification of coinbase's control of their cold storage amount to randomly selecting one cold wallet. Bitcoin has a lot of growing up to do.
@_date: 2014-01-19 00:36:30
I think you mean Roger Ver would really like to not go back to jail. Didn't he do time in federal for selling explosives over the internet?