@_author: camel-lot
@_date: 2017-09-13 23:01:45
Im not sure what your point is with my account not having many posts and comments. I don't feel the need to comment on many things and I mainly prefer to browse. I also don't understand why you're bringing up ICO's as I was only explaining some of the functions of a bank beyond being a transaction and loan service because someone asked. 
Maybe IPO's work diffently where I'm from (Australia) or I'm unaware of something, but according to Wikipedia 
"Initial public offering (IPO) or stock market launch is a type of public offering in which shares of a company usually are sold to institutional investors[1] that in turn, sell to the general public, on a securities exchange, for the first time.
If you could link me some information on what else IPO's do beyond that definition I'll have a read of it.
@_date: 2017-09-13 06:47:42
Because changing the structure of a company from private to public is a legal issue and requires the company to change the way it operates. For example, Mars a private family owned company isn't accountable to shareholders while coca-cola is publicly owned and so it is and has certain reporting requirements which need to be available to the public. 
Whether a company wants to do this at all is a big question and this requires financial and legal advice from people who are knowledgeable.
I'm not quite sure what your point is exactly. Maybe Blockchain could make the process of buying and selling shares, and fraud detection faster. But, banks will still be needed to provide advice and help with the process.
@_date: 2017-09-13 04:42:09
An example of other services banks like JPMorgan provides is the issuing of Initial Public Offerings(IPOs) onto the share market. For example, how much to price and value the share for, how many shares to release, the documentation needed to put a company on the share market. This process is lengthy and requires a lot of documents so these banks have people who are very familiar with the process.
In addition to that, banks will also help with the legal process of merging two companies. Or helping multinationals understand their tax obligations in different countries as well as ways to reduce their tax.
A bank like JPMorgan services a different range of clients compared to your regular national bank. I'm not sure where you're from so I can't provide more details but banks in Australia also provide wealth management, insurance and retirement planning services.
@_date: 2017-09-13 05:37:39
No problem.