@_author: camharvey
@_date: 2015-05-27 17:53:31
The usual definition of hyperinflation is due to Cagan, 1956, and that would be 50% per month. The general point here is that there is heightened uncertainty about inflation in Brazil due to the spike in political risk. In this type environment, people will seek alternative stores of value like gold, USD, or BTC.  My research [here]( shows that gold is a poor inflation/high inflation/hyperinflation hedge.
@_date: 2015-01-27 20:28:08
Actually, I said "is effectively being taken care of". That means, that most merchants understand AML/KYC. Hence, they are able to accept bitcoin now without fear of reprisal. This is what I meant by "is effectively being taken care of". Can bitcoin still be used to enable money laundering? Of course. Thanks for the comment. 
@_date: 2016-01-24 22:36:12
I teach [Finance 898: Innovation and Cryptoventures]( at Duke University - which studies bitcoin and blockchain -  let me take a stab at this question.
The CAPM (Capital Asset Pricing Model) is a way to think both about the risk of an investment and the expected return. Some benchmark is usually specified, such as the S&amp;P 500 or the world stock market, and we measure how sensitive the asset is to movements in the "market". For example, if the S&amp;P drops 10% and an asset in question plummets 30%, this asset is "risky" and we say the "beta" is approximately 3.0. This asset should also have a high expected return (low price) to compensate people for bearing such risk.
You can use this model for any asset return. For example, you could look at any FX rate or bond return. Bitcoin can be considered in the FX category.
To use  the CAPM, first specify the benchmark (suppose we use the MSCI World Market), and then sample bitcoin prices (from a liquid exchange) say around 5pm ET. Calculate the bitcoin returns. You could also look at a basket of exchanges (and average the prices). If we had a long enough history for an ETF, that would work too. It is easy to grab prices from Bloomberg or TR Eikon (as well as many other websites that offer historical BTC data). 
What you will find (and I have not done this exercise but I strongly suspect it is true), that there is no correlation (beta=0) between bitcoin returns and any benchmark.  
Does this make sense? Yes. Bitcoin is not dependent on any monetary policy or fiscal policy other than its algorithmic rule. Hence, the "risk" in the sense of the CAPM, is low -- and so is the expected return. 
Let me make two further remarks. First, you might argue that the correlation could be negative. If there was a highly negative economic event whereby people lost (more) trust in monetary authorities, equities might crash but bitcoin could appreciate in value. This is another way of saying - the correlation you see in the past might not repeat in the future. Second, the CAPM is a very simple model -- it says there is only one source of risk. There are other models with multidimensional risk.
Finally, a natural question is: "how can he say bitcoin has low risk when bitcoin volatility is over 100% per year -- many times more volatile than equities?"
It has to do with the way that you define risk. The key insight of the CAPM (which won Bill Sharpe a Nobel Prize in 1992) is that pure volatility (standard deviation of returns) is not rewarded because you can diversify much of that risk away. For example, if someone's portfolio consisted of a single stock, XYZ, that would be a very volatile portfolio (perhaps many times more volatile than the market) -- and you would not be rewarded for bearing that risk. Even adding just one or two more stocks, dramatically reduces the volatility of the portfolio.  People have (or should have) diversified portfolios. What really counts is whether the asset increases the risk of your diversified portfolio. Bitcoin is uncorrelated with other assets. Hence, it does not necessarily increase the risk -- though on it own, it is highly risky. This is a subtle but important point.