@_author: canadianjames6
@_date: 2017-08-17 15:20:07
This might have been mentioned at some point, but I am wondering about everyone's thoughts. 
There could well be a cryptocurrency bubble.....but that is a bubble in the overall ecosystem. There are various different pump and dump and scam coins out there, or coins that are hopping on the bandwagon to make quick cash and do not provide any real value to the world.
BUT - while bitcoin falls in the ecosystem of crypto, it provides tremendous utility and benefits to the world. So while the bubble might pop on cryptos, this is not inherently a bad thing. The old investing insight said by Warren Buffett could apply here - ''When the tide goes out you find out who is not wearing a bathing suit'' - or something like that. 
Bitcoin could be hit by a bubble pop, which would see a price decrease in the short term, but its benefits could help it survive and grow through a bubble popping.
I have read about how the crypto landscape has been compared to the dotcom bubble of the late 90's. And there were a lot of worthless companies in the late 90's cashing in on the dotcom craze, and eventually the party ended and the Nasdaq crashed. But there were companies with real utility (Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, for example) that emerged out of it. 
It is easy to get caught up in the amazing gains that bitcoin has to offer for investors and traders. I check the price all the time. But it is the foundation of bitcoin that provides benefits and should serve as an incentive for both acquisition and adoption - gains will follow.
@_date: 2017-09-19 04:15:30
LOL - maybe they should have a feature where you can see how big your cash pile would be if you invested $X in whatever year. The stacks would be ridiculous if you did - $10,000 in 2010 :/
@_date: 2017-09-24 22:54:28
Yea people around me keep referring to bitcoin "shares" - as if bitcoin were a publicly traded company. 
This funny story does show how unknown bitcoin still is at this point. 