@_author: canadapolitixtranny
@_date: 2018-08-01 12:42:51
I've been trying to say this for a while now.  The fact that bitmain is nearing half the hashing power means BTc is becoming a monopoly and centralized.
At the current moment it LITERALLY is worse than fiat.   There is 0 consumer protection, higher fees and is volatile as fuck.
I deposited $50usd into my poker account last night.  WAS INSTANT WITH 0 FEES.  I made $300... so my total is now $350. I woke up and it is STILL $350. And now when I withdraw there are ZERO FEES.
I honestly trust fiat more.  The people in charge of currencies on this planet with the most value are generally more capable and trustworthy humans than random strangers on the internet with crypto.  
If crypto was being used to help unfortunate people, then maybe it is good.  As long as 98% of the entire crypto wealth is owned by 5% of the community, it will continue to be shit.
When I was gambling with crypto... I have blockchain fees... minimum withdraw fees and when I went to bed and woke up my btc value always changed.  Crypto is useless except for the monster bitmain and the scammer/hackers that have been in it stealing from people for years.
@_date: 2018-08-01 12:50:36
Ummmm btc is pegged to USD.. so if there is a financial collapse you will see btc fall too.
At least I can use paper money to wipe my ass or start a fire, what the fuck can BTC do?
@_date: 2018-08-01 16:16:37
Redditor for two weeks.  Pfffft. 
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:21:14
Bull market indicates outsiders coming in.  the huge wave of outsiders coming in is done.  It is near impossible to bring outsiders into crypto space at the moment.  Mainly because of the nature of asic and bitmain.  Btc is pretty much controlled by bitmain at the moment so who in their right mind would invest their hard earned money into btc which directly and indirectly go to bitmain.  Any substantial value increase will cause bitmain to dump and will create a downward trend again.
Aside from that, scams are out of fucking control.   So even if outsiders  ignore asic and bitmain(HUGE PROBLEM THAT DEFEATS PURPOSE OF CRYPTO),  they will get burned by inevitable scams and they wont invest anymore money.
Also, try explaining bitcoin cash or ICOs to the average Joe without sounding like a complete retard for having money tied up in crypto.  If anything, the hardcore fan boys that dont fully grasp abstract concepts are destroying this industry
@_date: 2018-07-16 16:18:26
I'd like to congratulate bitmain for mining at least 500btc yesterday.  A nice 3 million dollar day for the piece of shit company destroying BTC  
Bitcoin is absolute shit. Do yourself a favor and dont invest fiat into what is becoming the King ShitCoin. monopolized and centralized = no point in crypto.  Take your money back from bitmain, sell your btc.
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:34:16
Too bad TA used to predict shares of a publically owned company doesnt apply to crypto.
@_date: 2018-07-20 13:33:19
Typical old irrelevant human.  This day in age, as things move faster and faster, it really exposes just how irrelevant the knowledge old people contain.  It is sad really.   Quickly fading away into the abyss where all your information and knowledge is outdated but you exist in your own world where it is not (religion).  Watch out congressman, next comes dementia and Alzheimer's
@_date: 2018-07-18 17:57:10
The reason why btc is worth a lot is because it is hard to get (unless you scam people).  You will make less farming btc in one week then you make at minimum wage in a 1st world country.
The only people that benefit from btc are really poor people that make $2 a month. And pieces of shit like bitmain that are usurpering BTC from the masses because the masses are retarded.
@_date: 2018-07-25 14:14:29
Put your btc wallet. I'll send you some satoshis
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:32:18
Why will the downward trend continue?
This will be bear market for quite some time, this is because bull market indicates outsiders coming in. the huge wave of outsiders coming in is done. It is near impossible to bring outsiders into crypto space at the moment. Mainly because of the nature of asic and bitmain. Btc is pretty much controlled by bitmain at the moment so who in their right mind would invest their hard earned money into btc which directly and indirectly go to bitmain. Any substantial value increase will cause bitmain to dump and will create a downward trend again.
Aside from that, scams are out of fucking control. So even if outsiders ignore asic and bitmain(HUGE PROBLEM THAT DEFEATS PURPOSE OF CRYPTO), they will get burned by inevitable scams and they wont invest anymore money.
Also, try explaining bitcoin cash or ICOs to the average Joe without sounding like a complete retard for having money tied up in crypto. If anything, the hardcore fan boys that dont fully grasp abstract concepts are destroying this industry
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:29:51
Holding isn't good. you want liquidity.
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:28:41
Yeah. Owning a lot of btc is way more uncomfortable than using the fiat to buy land......
@_date: 2018-07-13 17:00:11
Back in 2014 ghash.io obtained 51% mining power and was constantly attempting double spends.  They were ddosed non stop which brought their hashing power to 38%. On record it has never been successful
Bitmain is close to 51% but chances are they wont attempt double spend. They spread their hashing power across 3 pools (maybe more).
Still isn't going to stop them from turning people off crypto as it becomes centralized and monopolized which defeats the point of crypto. At the moment they are their own, and cryptos, worst enemy.
Off topic but good to know:
Neo is centralized because their nodes are private. Ripple is centralized too. the three worst cryptos at the moment (out of top 20) are BTC, Neo and ripple (not including bcash because it is really infuriating to people who understand crypto that it exists and has the market cap it does. better to just ignore it as it will inevitably be worth nothing in the future). This is due to the community not fully grasping the original (and only benefit over fiat) purpose of crypto
The best crypto in terms of not becoming centralized (51% attacks) and as far as anonymity goes is Monero.   The reason why monero is polarizing and doesn't get the praise it deserves is because they are anti asic(monopolization and centralization). Bitmain scammed people by selling asic miners (at a  really reduced price) for cryptonight algo knowing monero was in the process of altering the algo to brick the asic.  So people that are sheep and bird brain got burned HARD. 
People in crypto that understand the purpose prefer Monero over Ethereum and Ethereum over BTC.  All other cryptos are virtually the same as BTC, Ethereum and monero because they use their algos with very little or nothing changed (hence why people call them scams). the majority of alt coins are ethereum based algo because its platform and algo are the easiest for newbs to make shitcoins on (tron is one of these coins). you can blame ethereum for all these ico airdrop scams. Why? 
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:26:32
Ummm bitcoin pump and dump is manipulated like CRAZY by whales and people.
What you are saying isn't correct atm.