@_author: canadiu
@_date: 2017-04-24 03:06:20
A poll where companies might be seriously punished for their response are fundamentally flawed. It is like a 'democratic' vote in a dictatorship. If you dont vote for the dictator, then you may be rounded up and put in jail, the same as is you voted for someone else.
As seen with litcoin these past few weeks, non signally pools were being ddos. Some pools accepted being attacked and chose to continue refusing segwit, but other pools caved in and signaled. Eventually it took a grown up response from the ltc dev team to convince the miners to activate it.
I therefore think these polls are useless to gauge the real opinion of the economic majority. The people who are executing these ddos attacks, and smear campaigns are killing bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-24 03:04:27
Drawing the QR would be arduous and time-consuming,
but checking should be trivial
No need to use a wallet app, just a QR code reading app, off-line
QR has built-in error correction,
so if the QR scan matches the character-string version of the key,
verification successful
    use paper with grids to draw the QR code
Or tracing paper over a tablet screen
@_date: 2017-04-24 03:05:41
Btc-e has EUR and RUR so they aren't impacted much by not being able to process USD withdrawals as they can still withdraw fiat.
As for OKCoin I suspect what's up is that OKCoin was going for a discount probably because OKCoin China had disabled Bitcoin withdrawals because of the PBOC. While this doesn't affect OKCoin International that had functioning USD withdrawals it likely has lead to speculation that Chinese officials may go after OKCoin International. Now that OKCoin International can't withdraw USD this drives up prices. This counteracts each other and OKCoin starts to trade roughly at Bitstamp price.
@_date: 2017-04-24 03:06:10
Bitfinex first reported officially there was a delay in USD withdrawal on April 13 but also saying Taiwan had some holidays causing delays.
But some users where reporting problems the first week of april of delays online. People have been buying bitcoins to get out of that exhange before the firts official news. Bitfinex since the first week of April have been higher than any other exhange and everyone else was just following not knowing what was happening.
@_date: 2017-04-24 03:05:26
when they got hacked and lost btc, they essentially stole from people holding USD on their exchange to bail out the btc. they did a bankruptcy without going through the proper procedures
and they didnt pay back anything like everyone claims because nobody can actually get the usd from the tokens unless they buy bitcoin
the rise could also be caused by people who had bfx tokens but now has usd using those usds to withdraw from the exchange.... there is no other way out
@_date: 2017-04-24 03:04:11
I'll probably get downvoted for this, but...
I think OP's post is great. Spot-on analysis of the potential problems with paper wallets. But, at least in my case, they're all very unlikely. If you take reasonable precautions, you don't need to be paranoid.
I print one copy of each wallet while offline using a downloaded version of Canton Becker's site. I don't save the private key in digital form. I always use my own, personal computers and printers at home. I don't have malware on my computer. I honestly don't think anyone is spying on my wifi network activity. My paper wallets have all held all of their value for many, many years.
Honestly, I bet I could leave paper wallets filled with money all around my home... all over my workplace... and plastered on telephone poles all over my street. Noone would understand what they are. Noone would care. (I don't recommend this, of course. I am just saying that in my real-life circle of friends/family, I'm the only one who has any idea what bitcoin is.)
I would be much more fearful with hardware wallets. I am a long-term holder, so I am more worried about technology becoming obsolete or losing data... or me forgetting passwords.
Imagine if bitcoin were around 30 years ago (1987) and I stored it on 5.25" floppy disks or an old 20mb hard drive. The data would be long gone. Even if it weren't, the technology to recover it would be difficult to secure. And even if I could secure it, hardly anyone would know how to use it. BUT, if it were printed, and stored in a safe... I'd have it.
Some people feel more comfortable with digital btc on hardware wallets. Me, I like paper for long-term holdings.
@_date: 2017-04-24 03:05:35
I think people are a bit on the edge when it comes to Bitfinex since the hack last summer. I know I am. Before the hack, finex seemed like one of the more solid and trustworthy ones, very far from Mt Gox shadyness. Then the hack happened and everyone fled, kind of. Only grudgingly did people return to them, but now this happens and people just lose confidence completely.
It's the fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice - phenomenon. It doesn't matter that it may be unfair as Bitfinex may be entirely innocent this time, but when it comes to money, you don't consider "fairness": If you lose confidence completely, you feel you need to take your money and run, that's what you do.
BTC-e and OKcoin are different, as they always had an aura of being slightly shady. You knew what you were getting into there. As miningmad below says, nothing much has changed there.
