@_author: canadabylls
@_date: 2014-12-15 15:35:17
[Bylls]( has been doing this already for a while. I've used it already a number of times to pay my credit card, and they also allow you to pay any other bill (hydro, internet...) with bitcoins. They also seem to be doing their own processing, using Cavirtex exchange rates. This one seems to be using bitpay?
Oh well, free market, competition, and so forth.
@_date: 2014-12-15 21:49:01
Great, lower fees for customers. That's what competition is supposed to do. Maybe next time I'll use YesToBitcoins instead of Bylls. Or maybe Bylls will have to make their fees more competitive.
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:56:07


This doesn't exist yet, because not enough people treat bitcoins like money. Indeed, many like you believe that bitcoins have to be purchased and are not to be treated like ordinary money.
So yes, I do pay a fee to pay my bills with Bylls. But since that fee is money I never "see", because I actually bill my customers in bitcoins (for example, I bill them the low, low price of 0.07 BTC per hour, regardless of what the exchange rate with CAD currently is), it's not psychologically a problem for me. It's also a pretty small fee, comparatively, it adds at most 6 CAD to bills under 500 CAD.


I disagree with many of my fellow bitcoiners about what bitcoins are supposed to be. I'm not trying (at least, not too hard) to remain anonymous with bitcoins, to avoid taxes, or to stick it to The Man. I think banks still serve some useful purposes, and I am quite happy to pay taxes, because that's how I get free health care.
For me, bitcoins can be a convenient way to have internet cash. Cash, not internet credit cards. We already have internet credit cards; bitcoins are much more like cash, irrevokable like cash, mostly anonymous like cash.
If someone wants to pay me in bitcoins online, great! I get the money instantly and a lot easier than having to go through paypal. But I still want a government involved, and if banks redirected some of their existing infrastructure into bitcoins (for example, *truly* secure storage, putting these semi-regular horror stories of bitcoin thefts in the past), I think I would like to have bitcoin banks too.
I think it's ridiculous that internet money is so slow and klunky right now. For me bitcoin is merely an accelerator. Not an investment, not a political movement, not a new economy.
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:00:59
Because I actually use bitcoins as money, unlike appparently many other bitcoiners. I accept bitcoins for my labour or for goods I have to sell. I'm not "investing" in bitcoins or converting CAD to bitcoins and then using them to pay off my credit card.
I acquire bitcoins like I acquire dollars, and I use bitcoins like I use dollars.
Also note, there isn't a whole lot of anonymity here. Bylls has to have my credit card number (but only that, I understand they can't bill my credit card without some extra information), and it would seem unlikely I would be paying someone else's credit card, so it has a good guess of my identity. They don't ask you to verify your identity if you're paying less than 1000 CAD per month, though, so you can give them a pseudonym and a credit card number or a hydro number to pay your bills with.