@_author: candyman420
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:35:19
Techies too don't give a shit about rooting their phones, imagine that.. Some have better things to do.
@_date: 2013-12-10 07:27:38
I *am* speaking for myself, and all the other techies who do not give a shit.  There are many of us.
@_date: 2013-12-10 19:49:10
I would suggest that you not confuse "not giving a shit" with "not knowing."  Nothing you have listed at all strikes me as something that is sorely lacking from the iPhone.  In fact, I would go far enough to say that the things you want are just gimmicky nonsense.  Sort of like that feature where you can tap your friends phone together with your own to share data.
Your opinion is noted.  You can't please everyone no matter how perfect your device is.  Why not get something that better caters to your needs.
@_date: 2013-12-10 20:20:16
Simple minded huh.  The vast majority of people do not give a shit about the features you want.  I don't know why this is so difficult for you to grasp.
Same thing with color schemes, you mentioned wanting to change those.  I was like that too.  In my late teens and early 20s I loved changing the look and feel of all the little scroll bars, buttons, fonts, colors and shit in windows.. because customization is cool, right.  Now you know what, ain't nobody got time for that.
If the defaults looks great (and they do) - who cares.  You are in the minority.  The important features that make the device better will get into it eventually, if they matter.  For the gimmicky crap that doesn't matter, there's always android.
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:58:34
You assume every person who buys an apple device is the same?  Dumb fuck.  I still use an iphone 4S, I won't be standing in any lines.  Maybe sometime next year I'll get a 5S.
Parental control mode, that's funny.  I need my phone to make calls and use the internet.  Maybe run a few apps too, that's it.
One day when you grow up, you'll discover that not everyone has the desire or time to tinker with their devices endlessly.  We have more important things to do (like work).
@_date: 2013-12-10 08:10:10
Well, it is interesting that you mentioned the original iphone, because that's an excellent point.  The smartphones of the pre 2007 era were all crap.  Windows CE and blackberry types that were trying too hard to be little computers and miserable to use.  Then the iphone came out and it was the hottest thing, everyone copied it.
Sure it lacked a lot of things, copy and paste, MMS, etc, etc, but it wasn't as important as the UI.  Some company with a clue finally understood that the UI mattered to people a lot, the experience of using a gadget in a slick way that felt good.    it was a capable and elegant device.
Android also came out with the notification center first.  It doesn't really matter to me who does something first and who follows it.  Iphone invented "pinch to zoom" if I recall, and that is very integral to the android UI as well.
The point is that competition is good.  At least it's not like the Microsoft monopoly days where the only "choice" you had to run major commercial apps was Windows XP, which didn't get a major overhaul for five years.  Remember that.  Things happen fast here.  I still personally have faith in the company to not fuck it all up without Steve Jobs.  They haven't given me any major reason to doubt them so far.
I have never had any major issue with an apple product except for some faulty macbook pro logic boards at around 2007.  That's not a big deal in the grand scheme.
@_date: 2013-12-10 06:37:29
You scoured my comment history have you?  Kind of pathetic.
iOS7 isn't perfect, and I wish some things were a bit different, but it works really well.  I'd much rather stay with what works reliably well than to waste my time with a possibly-glitchy android device, and you know there are plenty of those out there.
Apple stuff costs more, and I don't really give a fuck.  They make good products.  You can't dispute that.
So now you can explain to me what "functionality" I care about that I do not already have.  And frame your answer in the context of someone that doesn't care about h4x0ring phones because that's so 1337.  I'm not in my 20's anymore and am way, way past that stage of life.
@_date: 2013-12-10 08:57:37
Most of your wants are directly tied to your job in tech support.  Have you ever considered that in another line of work you don't 'need' a tasker, or installing from the web?  The ability to kill tasks with the multitouch gesture is fine for me.  NFC?  also pretty pointless as I can't think of anything in the real world that seriously uses it yet.  Maybe in the future.
..and vCards via Bluetooth?  Surely you must be pulling my leg.
@_date: 2013-12-10 07:49:16
Oh you're going to try and patronize me by "going slowly" you smug little prick?  Nice try.
If there is a serious lack of functionality or issues that trend far enough beyond the scope of your little corner, apple fixes and improves.  For example, that's why they put in the control center.  Because it was a pain in the ass to have to keep going to the settings to adjust certain things and they knew it.  Apple listens to feedback and if there's enough of it, they act.
You should know this basic thing if you really worked there.  So what's your point exactly,  Apple is doomed and they might as well just give up?  What fucking planet are you on dude? 
@_date: 2013-12-10 08:44:39
If your point is that Apple lacks features, that is kind of a stupid point.  Buy the product that has the features you want!  Shit.  I don't even know what "features" you are missing, I hardly even use apps.  The basic functionality that I-devices provide are more than adequate for me.
@_date: 2013-12-10 07:33:46
lol.. Your little tech support anecdotes pale in comparison to the number of "satisfied customers" they have.  Of course you're going to hear nothing but negative where you work.  How many hundreds of millions of users does apple have again?
And how many of them call AppleCare when everything is working fantastic and there is no issue at all?  Yeah, exactly.  I would advise thinking about the big picture before you comment again.
@_date: 2013-12-10 17:20:04
Well, you mentioned that you are not the standard user, so I probably don't need to tell you that your list of wants for the iphone is pretty obscure and a bit out there.  I've never even considered needing a "driving mode" for my phone.  Not that those aren't valid, but what sets apple apart is that they don't just put features in unless they are well tested and polished.  You know that I'm sure.
The NFC thing sounds to me like a nightmare of glitchiness and problems.  Maybe they have tested it already and decided that it's too premature, it would be a poor implementation, any multitude of reasons.
I'll leave it to someone like Samsung to tout a new awesome "feature" that is shoehorned in there and broken, where they eventually "might" get around to making it usable, or never at all.  That's the microsoft technical mindset at least, which is one of the many reasons so many people were pissed off at them in the 90s.
Meanwhile if I want to be sure something works elegantly well, I'll wait for apple to do it, and it really doesn't bother me at all that much if someone else has the feature first.
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:34:01
I don't give a shit about rooting every single device that I own.  It only needs to do what I purchased it for.  Grow up already.
@_date: 2013-12-10 05:36:22
I think you have it backwards.  Apple sucked before OS X.