@_author: cannabisdreams
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:28:55
He clearly knew it was going to be listed before the announcement.  Coinbase clearly leaked the info HOURS before it was listed or announced.  Ver was clearly working with Coinbase and CNBC to shill his shit alt coin shamelessly in the days and hours before the listing.  And we are all supposed to believe there wasn't collusion, insider trading and general fuckery going on?  I will personally never use coinbase.  I've already moved my funds off that shit platform.  I dont believe their severs are that shitty either.... they use 'high volume' as an excuse to manipulate the market.  THIS is the shit that forces agencies like the SEC to start regulating us out of crypto.. ya know... to save us from ourselves.  
@_date: 2017-07-24 07:37:19
This post and the comments are great!  thanks to all who contributed, i've learned a lot in much simpler terms than i've seen elsewhere.  
@_date: 2017-06-07 15:52:35
im in the same boat.  i use bitcointalk.org and reddit mostly.  (reddit is more fun cuz i can be as trolly as i want
@_date: 2017-06-07 15:54:15
i can't even imagine what a shit job it would be (yes i can) I'd probably overuse and abuse the banhammer too.  why even have a 'trollbox' if you can't troll?  
@_date: 2017-06-07 15:58:56
those are the post that should have been banhammered.... who asks for customer support in a chatbox?  Why would Polo encourage that? (its actually a suggestion on their support page)  I'd rather see "GO DIGI GO!" than "i've been waiting for 4 weeks, blah blah really i just made huge mistakes and want to cry about it"   If I ever had to wait 4 weeks for my money and it was Polo's fault, there would be lawyers involved, not chatboxes.... 
@_date: 2017-06-07 15:46:15
I'm a noob and i say fck noobs... let em learn.  baptism by fire thins the herd
@_date: 2017-06-07 15:39:43
Outsourcing customer service is a great way for companies that don't care about their customers to save money.  To me, it doesn't matter whether the CSR is in New York or Manilla, the service is substandard if it is external.  External reps do not have access, do not have tools and never seem to be able to resolve a problem.  I worked in a call center doing level 3 support for a couple of years and the number one complaint we received was that level 1 and 2 were outsourced.  That being said, your idea is sound and Polo should consider it.  Their current customer service model seems to be delay, lie, disable the wallet and delay some more.  Outsourcing to professionals might be a positive step for them.  And definitely bring back the trollbox.  
@_date: 2017-06-07 15:29:16
What a crock of shit!  They clearly didn't want everybody posting their complaints in such a public and dynamic way.  I thought the trollbox was fun and was a good way to pass the time while watching that altcoin you just sold at a loss skyrocket five mins later.  The banhammer was just a way to make mods feel powerful, it was completely arbitrary and had more to do with who the mods liked than any rule or violation.  I'm not sure why mods were neccesary?  I'm pretty sure a chatbox can run on its own with some spam filters.  If anyone took bad advice from a trollbox, well, that's on them isn't it?  The ONLY reason I traded on polo was for the trollbox, because, as others have said here, it passed the time and you could pick up tips here and there.    So what's up with Polo?  Are we about to find out that they are just an extension of bytecoin and minergate and just a way to easily pump and dump their shitcoins?  Disabling the wallets of any coin that suddenly goes up was getting annoying as fuck anyway. They were/are clearly manipulating their markets.  BYE FELICIA! 