@_author: capablelover
@_date: 2014-01-20 19:38:15
Jumped off bridge.
Landed on moon.
Please advise.
@_date: 2014-01-30 23:56:30
Somebody else started this thread as a reference for people getting into dogecoin
Hope to see you around!
+50 Doge
@_date: 2014-01-19 21:50:20
Come on over to and check out the side bar. From what I understand the value is dropping right now after an interesting spike yesterday and into the evening, so if people are looking to buy, this week is going to be a pretty good time.
You can buy with BTC from most places and if you're interested in mining the difficulty is set to double next month.
@_date: 2014-01-20 20:53:03
It teaches people about currencies in general. They're all a joke and only worth as much as people believe they're worth.
Let's say I want a pair of shoes but all I have are chickens. I could trade my chickens for the shoes but the guy with the shoes doesn't want chickens he wants bananas, now the guy with the bananas wants a a gallon of milk and the guy with the milk wants chickens, so I either have to trade with the guy with the milk, to get the bananas, then trade with the guy with the shoes or we agree to use a currency instead.
Dollars, yuan, yen, krugerrands, rupees, bitcoin, litecoin, dogecoin. They're all interchangeable.
People are getting all caught up on the fact that dogecoin associates itself with an internet meme and therefore can't possibly be worth taking seriously and forget that it makes absolutely no difference what your currency looks like.
Anything that gets people using a cryptocurrency is good for all cryptocurrencies. The only reason I've ever purchased bitcoin is because of dogecoin, and now that I have I realize "oh I should use bitcoin too, I get it now".
@_date: 2014-01-19 21:55:38
People buying dogecoin for the most part have to buy with bitcoin as it stands. The dogecoin community loves bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-19 21:13:24
I think it's hilarious that the bitcoin community seems to forget that everyone thought bitcoin was a scam and would never be worth anything and that very same community is turning around and laughing at dogecoin.
I was into bitcoin when it was worth next to nothing. I told people about it, about mining and block chains everyone thought it was a waste of time. I eventually gave up on bitcoin, lost my wallet and the few thousand bitcoins I had.
Bitcoin takes off and now everyone knows what cryptocurrencies are. I heard about dogecoin and thought "well, maybe I should give cryptocurrencies another shot" the dogecoin community was kind, helpful, and generous. They gave me dogecoins and helped me get started mining and trading.
Now I have a much greater understanding of cryptocurrencies.
As far as it being a joke. It is and it isn't. I personally think the idea of economists trying to decide how to pronounce "doge" is hilarious, and that alone is enough incentive for me to evangelize doge coin. Also the $26 worth of doge coins (almost entirely given to me by the doge coin community) was worth $86 last night. It's exciting theorizing and reading about why the value goes up and down. Looking at charts and graphs, reading about pump and dumps. And joking with the rest of the community about how we're all "going to the moon" everytime the value goes up for whatever reason.
Because of bitcoins success when I tell people about doge coin they don't scoff at the idea, they want to know more. It's an entry level cryptocurrency for a lot of people and that's good for everyone interested in cryptocurrencies.
Like it or not bitcoin is the reason doge coin exists and why everyone jokes about being rich. The community is drawing parallels between itself and bitcoin. Someone buys a pizza with dogecoin? Everyone freaks out "It's happening! Guys it's happening!". 
Just thought you might want to hear what a member of the dogecoin community thinks.
I believe in doge.
Edit: Also, honest to god I thought Dubstep was an internet joke when I first heard it and heard people talking about it online.
@_date: 2014-01-31 00:05:30
Once you accept the tip the tip bot should set up a tip wallet for you that you can use to send and receive tips here on reddit or to withdraw from and deposit to with an offline wallet such at the dogecoin qt wallet found on dogecoin.com or your android wallet.
you should be able to give it the address of your wallet to use to withdraw tips.
peep this
