@_author: capbrannigan
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:50:33
Yes, that might be an obstacle to the velocity of money. So in a way I agree.
But that says nothing about the fact that many people hold bitcoins because they expect their value to go up. They hold bitcoins not because they can't buy anything with bitcoins but because they want to make money off of bitcoins. 
@_date: 2013-04-06 02:12:33
I don't think people "invest" in USD, they use it as a means to make other investments and (sometimes) as a hedge against global market uncertainty. In terms of currencies, the US dollar is incredibly stable. It rarely depreciates more than 3% in a given year (and lately has been hovering closer to 1%).
Apples to oranges.  
@_date: 2013-04-06 21:17:14
The buyer would have to offer more and more money until someone is willing sell to him.
@_date: 2013-04-06 00:32:51


I'm not sure how the local effects of a casino (redistributing wealth away from the local area) affects bitcoins. I guess you could say it might take wealth from the people who gamble on your site, but I don't think that will have any significant effect on the *global* bitcoin economy. And I don't see it being worse than cigarettes, alcohol, or other "sin" products/services that don't create (and in the case of cigarettes/alcohol reduce) wealth. 
Meh, I think it's a good idea, maybe not "good" for the overall bitcoin economy but not bad either. Insofar that it gives another reason to use bitcoins it might actually help the currency spread.
@_date: 2013-04-06 21:02:59
It's sad how emotion-driven it's become. I think Bitcoin is an interesting experiment and a great first try at a virtual currency. But I'm not under some cult-like delusion that everything "Bitcoin" is amazing and infallible; the delusion that somehow any rational questioning of our virtual God amounts to heresy. 
I wish more sensible people would speak up rather than get fed up and leave altogether.
@_date: 2013-04-06 21:06:58
Wrong. It can deflate if nobody is selling coins and *almost* nobody is buying coins. 
In other words if everyone hoards and 1 guy is trying to get in on it.
@_date: 2013-04-05 19:31:37
I'm not a "knowledgeable IT person" but I know a lot of the resilience of bitcoins relies on distributed networks. It's not simply enough to "steal" a bitcoin from someone, that transaction has to be registered with other computers in the network (or it never happened.) You'd need to dupe 50% of the bitcoin network into thinking the transaction occurred, which is no easy task. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 07:08:30
It's something called the velocity of money.  
The argument that no one is using their bitcoins because everyone who has bitcoins expects a private island is retarded. I don't really see how that applies. 
@_date: 2013-04-06 03:44:22
What is it with this collective paranoia? 
If there was somehow a conspiracy against Bitcoin by the "economics academia" "mainstream media" "statists" Bitcoin would have been shut down a long time ago. Instead, multinational corporations, regulators, and politicians (the "entrenched powers") have more or less turned a blind eye. But then you have some guy blogging that a currency fluctuating 30% in a day isn't normal. Or an economist pointing out that the idea of indefinite deflation is on par with the idea that a housing market can never crash. 
I guess that's the "when they attack you" phase: obscure economists writing back-page articles no one reads and investment blogs geared towards wall-street traders arguing the current price of bitcoins might be a bubble.
Sounds like oppression. 


I'm not sure if you're a brilliant troll.
@_date: 2013-04-06 07:03:07






"... you believe a couple bloggers who disagree with your opinion equates to threatening to hold you at gunpoint is true." 
@_date: 2013-04-05 17:58:30
"Blame the crisis in Cyprus (one entrepreneur is even planning to open a Bitcoin ATM there), crumbling faith in traditional currencies, or what you will – Bitcoin is in hyperinflation mode."
I think he means hyper-deflation mode ;)
@_date: 2013-04-05 22:09:34
Does anyone actually know that the price of babysitting varies by season? I've never heard of that. 
And if that were the case you'd expect people to get paid more to work in the summer, in general, than in the winter - not just with babysitting, but for any job.  After all, just working in general prevents you from going out.
I don't see that being the case...
@_date: 2013-04-07 00:02:43




The maket value of a single bitcoin and the usefulness ("value") of Bitcoin as a currency are completely different things. 
The value of a bitcoin is the market price of a single bitcoin. If it's in a bubble it can crash and still have value, just a value less than the current $140+. 
The "value" (in the colloquial sense) of Bitcoin as a virtual currency is its usefulness in facilitating transactions.  A bitcoin can have a market value of $0.05c, $140, or $1,109 (or anything in between) and still be useful (have "value") as a currency. Its usefulness as a currency has less to do with its market value at any given time and more to do with, among others, its acceptability, durability, portability, and stability/reliability. People who use Bitcoin as a currency (as opposed to an investment), contrary to popular belief, *dont* like market volatility. 
If the bubble crashes, and as a result the market value of a bitcoin becomes more stable, it will be *more*, not less, useful as a currency. But if it crashes it'll only be a matter of time before speculators stock up on bitcoins again, and the cycle continues...
@_date: 2013-04-07 01:34:24
Inflation isn't necessarily bad... 
For a currency (as opposed to an *investment* to buy low, sell high, and make money off of) inflation around 0-3% is considered *good*. Any higher than that and it becomes a poor store of value. The idea being that you don't want people to just hold on to a currency to make money, and very mild inflation makes people spend it as they get it. 
Investors love deflation, but it leads to hoarding, speculation, and volatility, and overall harms the currency's usefulness as a medium of exchange.  And no one likes high inflation (unless you were somehow in bitcoin "debt"). But high inflation/deflation are both bad for a currency.
Part of the reason very stable fiat currencies (like the USD or the Euro) are so popular as a medium of exchange is *because* they are stable. Something that costs $100 today will still cost $100 next week, or next month even.  
Think about if it cost $100 yesterday, $140 this morning, and $80 this afternoon. That would be hell for businesses, who would constantly have to update prices and could never predict how much they'll make by the end of the week or what it will be worth.  And you, as a consumer, could never know how much you need to save up for something you want to buy in the future. 
That's why to have a viable currency you need stability, and you get market stability through users, not investors. Which, in turn, is one reason deflation (which attracts and almost exclusively benefits investors) harms the viability of a currency to the people who actually use it.
@_date: 2013-04-06 06:55:57


In so many words.
@_date: 2013-04-06 07:30:47
Only when it is very obvious to all of us that the "mainstream magpies" and "economics albatrosses" (both mouthpieces for the entrenched avian intelligentsia) have more or less unanimously decided to flock together.
@_date: 2013-04-06 19:49:05
I agree... with the recent volatility people are watching and waiting for any sign of a sell-off.  Fewer people are buying because of volatility and uncertainty, but people are still optimistic enough that it hasn't translated into a sell-off (yet). Nevertheless the longer BTC hovers around $140 the more people will take their cut and jump ship while it's good.
Everyone's just waiting to see who blinks first.
I agree, if BTC had better options to sell short we would be seeing people betting against BTC and there would be a lot more buying/selling going on. 
Edit: "*better* options to sell short"
@_date: 2013-04-05 17:52:36
Gambling as in texas hold'em or gambling as in speculating on the future value of bitcoins?
I don't think casino-style gambling has a significant effect on the overall economy because it doesn't affect the valuation of a bitcoin itself. Bitcoins change hands but their value is set by other markets. With speculation, however, you affect the value of a bitcoin itself. Speculation can make the market more volatile and unpredictable, create bubbles, etc. 
@_date: 2013-04-06 07:39:05
Suit yourself. Everyone is entitled to an opinion, right?
@_date: 2013-04-05 20:53:18
I guess both. 
But I think a lot of the (negative) media attention about bitcoin has at least somewhat been due to its volatility. In a lot of ways the dramatic rise and fall in its value is likely because of speculation. Finance hotheads who look at bitcoin and see this volatility say it's in a bubble. And maybe it is. Comparing it to the "tulip craze" is stupid, though.
Then there's all the other misrepresentation/lying that doesn't have to do with anything about bubbles, and I personally find that more annoying. I think I read some journalist say bitcoin is "undemocratic"? Or the idea that it's only used for buying drugs. That stuff is annoying, luckily I don't really pay any attention to what middle-aged technophobes think, anyway. 
@_date: 2013-04-07 15:41:19


USD, like most fiat currencies, tries to maintain low (but steady) inflation. It's not designed to be speculative and make people holding on to it rich... it's designed to be stable, to be a good means of exchange. No one stuffs dollar bills in their mattress to get rich. 


You could say the same thing about the housing market back in 2008. At the time people seriously thought the housing market would just keep going up and up and up... *after all it's been going up for the last 50 years or so why wouldn't it?*
Problem is everything goes up, and keeps going up... until it goes down. You don't want to be the person who hops on the gravy train only to miss the last stop. 
No one ever thinks they could be the "greater fool." 
@_date: 2013-04-05 20:15:11
A liquidity trap doesn't just happen out of nowhere. Something has to cause deflation first (or at least cause people to expect deflation). 
@_date: 2013-04-07 00:54:56
I would say that the closest thing to topping out and hanging at that price in the last two months is from March 7th-17th (do you agree?)
Close-up graph:
March 7th-17th BTC started at $45 and ended $47, which means its value grew less than 5% over that period. However, twice during that period its value dropped at least 20% and re-bounded. BTC really only hung there, without large price fluctuations, March 14-18. 
The last time BTC hit a new high and hung there at $46, for a grand total of four days. I doubt it will be stable (only three weeks later) at $143, let alone for 7+ days. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 21:43:20


Not all of the sudden, but as deflation gets re-enforced over time. It's called a "trap" because you wouldn't notice it until it's already happened. 
Also, in his overly-simple example, the coupon reflects currency in general and "babysitting" represents ALL the things you can buy with it. If you expect that the value of money will be greater in the future than it is now (in other words, deflation) everyone starts to want to hold onto their money, and no one wants to spend it on anything if they don't have to (not just babysitters). In other words, people don't just suddenly prefer to watch their own kids, they gradually prefer to spend less on everything and hoard money.
This is a problem because when people don't want to spend money it becomes harder to earn money and the economy stalls. That's why uncontrolled deflation is a death knell for the economy. 


As the population increases the supply remains fixed. Coupons become more and more scarce. Absent any interference by an external force, and absent any new coupons, the value of a coupon will continue to increase (deflation). People who have coupons won't want to use them unless they have to because they know the longer they hold on to them the more they will be worth. 
In other words, a liquidity trap.


Actually, whoever hoards their coupons first gets a free ride. As the population grows and coupons become more scarce, people who join later are jipped- they have to work much harder for the same coupon than someone who got them when they were less scarce. 


I'm not sure how Krugman personally benefits from the government printing money. If anything, it makes the money he already has worth less. Whether you agree with him or not I'm pretty sure he actually believes what he says.
@_date: 2013-04-05 16:48:42
I think people can get very defensive about their opinions, no matter which side they take. In the end rather than looking at everything with an open mind (and a critical look at the evidence) we get our egos involved. 
With that said, the part about financial institutions being a very important part of any democracy was absurd. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 16:34:10
I'd sell before the price drops... take the 900% return, watch the bitcoin market for the next month or so to see where the market's headed, and re-invest when there's less uncertainty. But to me life savings isn't just something to hedge on faith.
@_date: 2013-04-05 17:40:22
I think speculators are the real problem. If bitcoins were less volatile, more people would feel comfortable using it. But rapid changes in the value of a bitcoin (up or down) make people uneasy. 
@_date: 2013-04-06 07:21:15


There's no way you could seriously call anyone who disagrees with you "venal, ignorant, or lackeys..." and immediately follow that with "... are reacting with the standard social defense mechanisms to protect their interests and belief systems." 
At first I thought you had to have said that fully aware of the irony. I guess I assumed too much. 
@_date: 2013-04-06 19:50:43
@_date: 2013-04-06 20:02:18
That was last weekend. 29th was Friday. You still see a good bit of trading on Saturday (the 30th). 
That was the week before. You see tons of trading over the weekend  (23rd-24th).
It doesn't seem to me like the weekend is the big factor.
@_date: 2013-04-05 20:10:53
Yes, it's an overly simplistic metaphor. It was written in a column to be read by average, economically-illiterate people. I don't think Krugman was trying to write a dissertation to academics. 
Nevertheless, liquidity traps DO exist. 
"If everybody decides to watch their own kids nobody accumulates coupons and no trade takes place."
This is exactly what a liquidity trap is. 
If the value of coupons keep rising such that simply holding on to your coupons translates into buying more and more babysitting, everyone would rather hold on to their coupons than spend them. After all, if you can buy 1 hour of babysitting this week or 2 hours of babysitting next week, or 4 hours of babysitting the week after, etc, you might as well wait- and no one spends their coupons. Since everyone wants to hold on to their coupons, this has the effect of causing a coupon to become even more and more expensive in a positive feedback loop. 
You might ask, "why wouldn't people just spend their coupons at some point?" Well, because in a deflationary liquidity trap coupons increase in value over time, it is always better hoard your coupons (and spend them later) than it is to spend them now. Unfortunately the feedback loop ensures that once engaged in a liquidity trap, coupon prices continue rising indefinitely and no one EVER wants to spend their coupons. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 17:12:00
Tulips have a somewhat limited supply (as a result of finite arable land to grow them on, the size of distribution networks, etc). I'm not sure how the other characteristics of bitcoins vs. tulips apply to boom/bust cycles. But I don't think the fact that bitcoins are packets of data somehow makes them immune to speculation and, therefore, bubbles.
Consider stock market trading is done almost exclusively online, exchanging intangible "shares" of a company that are weightless and volumeless, can be broken down into 100 million pieces and reassembled again at will, and teleported around the world instantly. Does an unregulated stock market have bubbles?
My point being that over-valuation isn't a property somehow inherent only to tulips.
@_date: 2013-04-06 01:54:51
I think a liquidity crisis has more to do with expected deflation as a result of the (excessively) limited supply of bitcoins despite increasing demand. The more people use bitcoins the more scarce bitcoins become. Everyone knows this. 
When people expect a bitcoin will only increase in value they hoard. The more bitcoins you have, the more you profit when their value increases. In turn, this accelerates deflation in a positive feedback loop- the more people hold on to their bitcoins, the less already-limited supply there is and the more they appreciate in value. 
A liquidity crisis occurs when people, driven by expected deflation, would rather hold on to their bitcoins than use them. The fact that bitcoins can subdivide does help, but simply increasing in value (and the expectation that it will continue to do so) is enough.
@_date: 2013-04-06 06:29:48
Search results for "Bitcoin" on front page: 0 matches
Search results for "Bitcoin" on front page: 0 matches
Search results for "Bitcoin" on front page: 0 matches
Wow, this attack sucks.


I had to look that up.
@_date: 2013-04-06 23:43:59


Not *always*, and not always immediately. I don't want to get into the whole rationality of the market debate, but it's less controversial to say that at least *in the short run* a market may act irrationally. 
One reason is that people don't always act against market trends, even if they know they are unsustainable. Rather, some people exploit market momentum, even when they know the asset is overvalued, in hopes that someone else will be foolish enough to buy their stocks/commodity/currency later (but before the bubble bursts).
In that sense everyone is acting (individually) at a rational level but the system as a whole acts irrationally, at least in the short term- until the bubble pops and the price re-adjusts.
@_date: 2013-04-06 19:34:10
Lower liquidity (as a result of fewer coins available to exchange on the market) and record high prices?
He should've said everyone is hoarding their coins *for now.* The last few weeks have been hyper deflation, but the price seems to be topping out. If people think the price is done climbing (if they expect the hyperdeflation as of late is over) they will sell sell sell.
@_date: 2013-04-07 02:39:34


After seeing the exponential rise in bitcoin last week, why would people will want to "buy" at a record high? And people who already have bitcoins and can make at least 300%+ profits selling them at a record high *wont*?


That not "buy low, sell high." That's buy high, sell... never. 
@_date: 2013-04-06 23:23:12
Yeah, I guess that is a pretty big barrier to entry for any new coin. 
I think there is potential for a virtual currency with stronger deflationary protections, though. It's been said that Bitcoin's extremely limited supply is the reason it's attractive to investors, but a currency needs users, not investors. The more people speculate on bitcoin the worse it is as a method of transaction: the more speculation, the greater the volatility; the greater the volatility, the less likely businesses will want to hold reserves in bitcoin (as opposed to immediately changing bitcoins into fiat currency like most businesses do.)
So there is room for a virtual currency designed to be stable (in terms of price) and resistant to deflation. It wouldn't be for investors because it would be (by nature) designed to avoid increases/decreases in value, but stability is exactly the characteristic that makes a currency attractive as a means of exchange.
How you can do this with an algorithm, though, is a whole 'nother problem. The currency would have to balance the expansion of its supply with demand, something usually done by a central bank. 
Perhaps the algorithm could self-adjust every now and then to increase/decrease the supply of new coins so that it reflects demand trends (rather than arbitrary reductions at pre-set intervals). But how would an algorithm know? One way would be for it to measure its own trading volume and compare it to the available supply. Low trading volumes, relative to the available supply, suggest that people are holding on to their coins (rather than using them)- in other words people are using the currency as an investment rather than a method of exchange. Increasing the supply when this occurs would prevent deflation and incentivize using, rather than holding onto, the currency.
@_date: 2013-04-07 02:03:03
It's a catch-22: its use as an investment makes it volatile and unreliable, while volatility makes it useful as an investment. 
But I think an algorithm could, in theory, be specifically designed to make the currency unattractive to investment/speculation. An algorithm that could spot low trading volumes relative to total money supply could predict than an increase in investment has occured and subsequently increase the money supply (thereby gradually increasing the rate of inflation.) 
When too many people sit on (large) stockpiles of money waiting for the price to go up, the algorithm would make the price go down. 
@_date: 2013-04-05 19:21:02
True... but unfortunately everything that makes bitcoins so loved by its users (no exchange fees, limited supply, no regulatory oversight) also makes it attractive to speculators and those who would exploit markets. 
I'm not sure how Bitcoins, for all its mathematical genius, can solve the problem of human nature. I know it's not a popular idea on these forums but it is a problem.
Perhaps you're right, we simply have to change our expectations. 