@_author: capitalgox
@_date: 2014-05-16 05:13:51
"We don’t think consumers should be charged for using their own money"
What a joke. I'm guessing Circle skims on the exchange rate, so it's not really free.  You know what is free though?  Cash, PayPal, Venmo, etc.
Another solution to a problem that doesn't exist.
@_date: 2014-04-01 00:40:09
How old are you? You sound a bit reckless. My advice, put half of the 11K in a Roth IRA an the other half in the S&amp;P.  Do that every year for the next 40 yrs and you will absolutely be a multi-millionaire when you retire.
Or you could invest the 11K in a completely immature and insecure vehicle like Bitcoin because someone with a blog "knows" the value is going up.
Risk/reward, but the math on option  is pretty infallible. Investment is a long-term game.
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:44:56
The price of BTC is already hugely inflated.  What you're seeing now, and what you've been seeing for the last 3+ months, is a sell-off by institutional investors who know how to settle positions quietly in order to maximize profit.  That said, the breaking point is coming.
There's a lot of talk on this sub about how institutional money is flowing into Bitcoin, and how that will impact prices positively, but it's misguided.  The truth is that the money is being spent not on Bitcoin itself, but toward infrastructure that enables the secure exchange of virtual commodities.  While Bitcoin may be a beneficiary of this, there's nothing that strongly ties it to the underlying technology.  Bitcoin does have the advantage of being first to market, and while it may prove successful in the long-term, the odds are severely stacked against it.  Expect the downtrend to continue regardless of any news.
@_date: 2014-03-30 19:28:46
Widely accepted by whom?  You're talking about hobbyists, not business owners, especially ones who may be processing hundreds/thousands of transactions every second, or ones who may be selling goods worth more than a couple of dollars.  If you're attempting to develop an enterprise POS, you need to think of enterprise users.
Again, I don't think you've thought this through.  BTC and other forms of virtual commodity exchange have promise, but they will NEVER fully replace cash and credit, especially at the POS.  Good luck though.
@_date: 2014-04-02 22:05:24
Exactly.  Some responses:
1. The concept of the blockchain is independent from the commodity BTC and can be reproduced and leveraged by other virtual investment vehicles or types of virtual data exchange.  This is the point; that BTC isn't necessarily valuable despite what the underlying technology offers.
2. In terms of retailers like Overstock/etc. accepting BTC, you're also correct.  They accept it, but only in so much as they can immediately convert it into USD.  Despite any private investments claimed by it's CEO, Overstock doesn't hold any BTC.  They'd be crazy to.  it's a PR stunt for them and one that generates a new revenue stream from buyers who happened to get rich during the BTC bubble.  Don't even get me started on the stupidity of things like BTC ATMs ..
3.  In terms of institutional investors just dipping in now, I think you're WAY off.  These guys have been buying in for the last few years in one form or another and are starting to check out.  Again, they may believe in the technology that drives Bitcoin, and they may be investing in it, but in terms of holding BTC, they are limiting exposure as I type this.
@_date: 2014-04-28 21:07:51
Better Question: Why did Bitcoin rise in the first place?
@_date: 2014-04-02 21:53:23
The odds are severely stacked against any new venture, especially one that can both be copied easily and even provides a blueprint on how to copy it.  Further given the history of early Bitcoin ventures, which is pretty poor by any standards, there is a public perception problem that will be hard to overcome.
@_date: 2014-03-30 19:18:30
All of the benefits of Bitcoin are removed for the consumer, and all of the drawbacks, like having to wait for the transaction to be confirmed, are imposed.
For the retailer, it may raise their margins in the form of lower processing fees, but once you even that out across operations and expenses, I don't think there will be any benefit, and may be a negative.
BTC as a POS payment solution is ridiculous and completely sub-standard to cash/credit.  As a word of advice, you shouldn't attempt to apply a technology to a problem it wasn't meant to fix, and definitely not to one that doesn't exist.
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:20:55
You're right, but you can enjoy the benefits taxation provide in the form of infrastructure, social services, and national/international security. No government is perfect and the US budget is plenty fucked, but nobody says you have to live here.