@_author: capn_awesome
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:14:25
I'm curious - what is it that you think this sentence means?
"regulated" doesn't equal "insured".
Show me a currency that hasn't been stolen.
@_date: 2014-03-07 21:30:33
OK, I also now think you're a troll. This no longer has anything to do with your original line of thought. And it's not true.
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:57:36
The US Dollar is based off of work done, and the promise of more work. It holds its value because we continue to think others will value it. The moment this idea begins to weaken, so does the US Dollar. The value of the US Dollar compared to other currencies, stocks, loafs of bread, cars, and *everything else* changes over time.
You are part of the group of people who decide if a currency is valuable. 2 people can make a currency valuable (it happens when they make a transaction or trade).
There are no estimations being done.  When you say "estimation" what do you really mean? Could you mean 'how valuable it is to the two parties making the transaction'?
@_date: 2014-03-07 21:50:03


People do not use money because of lack of knowledge. They do it because it's - so far - the only workable method of trading work done. 


That's a claim. You offer no reasoning for your claim. It's not a standard point of view, and, on the surface, looks flatly incorrect. They use currency to trade work, not from a LACK of knowledge. 


This is just words strung together. If you are sincere about your ideas, you are terrible at expressing them, or, at least, terrible at using words that mean the same things as they mean to other people.
And, again, no it doesn't have anything to do with the original line of thought:


You're so far away from that thought, with your weird claim, that I give you the *benefit of the doubt* when I say that you are a troll.
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:27:07
I've studied philosophy. Some of the courses are called "logic". I heartily recommend you look into those. 
Your philosophy *might* be bordering on "philosophy of economics". It may even be hinting at socialism, or similar ideas. Socialism (the spreading of both wealth and work) tends to not work, maybe because our level of technology is too low or too high. I'm not against the idea of it, but it isn't as stable as capitalism. 
It's also miles away from the original topic about a company making a competing cryptocurrency that makes bitcoins worthless. (Or the odd ideas about currency monopolies, etc).


I assume you mean the ones we know about. And, true, but so what? Do you have a good point somewhere that requires that fact?
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:37:18
I'll take a stab at this particular thread.
First, 


Dollar sign value is economic. He's right, that sentence made no sense.
Everyone seems to think you don't know what makes bitcoin useful (and I'm wondering if they are right). The very core idea is that it doesn't have one owner. You want google to come along and make something better? You have to decide what "better" is, first.
You mention that they could force a bigger network. The network size isn't a limiting factor at the moment, to the success of bitcoin. The more computers "mining" doesn't make mining happen any faster (in fact, the more that are mining, the HARDER it is for an individual to mine - the incentive gets less and less with too many miners).
What makes a cybercurrency valuable is acceptance and fluidity (the ability to turn it into cash or product in hand). 
So what would google bring to the table? Integrating a cryptocurrency with... well, they don't own eBay... so that's out. You could somehow make an argument that google's name would go along way, but you intoned that google simply making a cryptocurrency would drop btc to zero.
eBay's Paypal is a cybercurrency, even though it isn't a cryptocurrency. You can keep your payments as paypal "credits", or turn them back into cash.
On a sidenote, it's very hard to make arguments against bitcoin that don't also hold true for Paypal, the US Dollar, and gold.
Why would the existence of one currency drop another currency to zero? Did the British Pound or US Dollar fall to zero when the Euro was created? Many currencies can exist simultaneously - many cybercurrencies can (and already do) exist simultaneously. 
As long as two or more people agree that a currency (or anything, really) has monetary value, then it has that monetary value. 
@_date: 2013-02-20 15:59:13
The worry is that the next of kin will lose their piece. Any one person loses it, *all* the money is gone.