@_author: capsicadian
@_date: 2014-05-27 08:35:21
Is there a command which permits an agent to request how much an action would cost to perform, before performing it? Granted actions cost very little at the moment, but I can imagine as the system takes off some SQL queries could become quite expensive.
Also what's the process the system uses to determine cost per action?
@_date: 2014-04-07 10:31:34
Edible bananas occur naturally due to mutations which produce diploid or polyploid cultivars, these exhibit parthenocarpy - the fruit develops and ripens without seeds developing (due to the ploidy rendering them genetically inviable - that's why all edible bananas are clones, they don't produce viable seeds).
These were developed long before modern genetic engineering techniques, and make bananas no more "genetically modified" than specialised plants or animals produced through selective breeding.
(There are, however, current efforts ongoing to produce GMO bananas - mostly due to their complete lack of genetic diversity making them extremely susceptible to disease - see what happened to the Gros Michel cultivar...)
@_date: 2014-05-27 09:39:02
I'm looking at the weather service example, it uses a script based on a polling loop which isn't ideal (maybe I'm just allergic to polling) - I'd love to be able to implement a service like this in an event-driven way. Maybe register an endpoint for the netvend server to forward the requests to in realtime (with a store-and-forward pattern in case the endpoint is offline). 
I could then have an architecture with my own service running somewhere which gets sent requests via the netvend service (which handles the fees), I do some processing on my own system, then send the response back to netvend, which attempts to deliver it to the client (again, via a store-and-forward push-based system if the client supports it).
For servers, HTTP(S) would be fine as a channel, for clients maybe WebSockets?
@_date: 2014-05-27 11:36:49
Is there a specification of the API anywhere (other than the implementation in python/PHP)? I suspect with a project like this where you're asking for a lot of the programming effort to be provided by the open source community it would be very useful for you to take on the role of coordinating the specification (and providing a documentation of and a basic implementation of that specification which people can test against - as you are doing with these proof-of-concepts).
I read somewhere that you had a partial JavaScript implementation of the client side of the API, is the source available anywhere?
@_date: 2014-05-27 21:51:45
I'll have a look, thanks!