@_author: captaincloudmoney
@_date: 2015-12-15 10:54:38
This article misses the point a bit. In places like Brazil, Argentina, China, Venezuela, Mexico, etc-- where Uphold is not connected to the banking system-- the only way for AirTM to work is by driving BTC purchase by local brokers and exchanges.
AirTM is as much a bitcoin app as an Uphold app.
@_date: 2015-12-31 05:19:24
@_date: 2015-12-31 16:50:59
Uphold is the only digital money platform connected to cryptocurrency (bitcoin and voxel) and banking networks (US, EU, China, UK) and every other banking system in the world via 
Uphold is demonstrably good for bitcoin adoption, use, and utility.
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:18:18
When I first heard their pitch, I invested. Now I'm glad I did. They've got vision (guy behind cnet and salesforce.com), management (airbrushed photos or not who gives a shit) and money. They innovate faster than anyone in the cloud money space. Ten times faster.
@_date: 2015-06-21 21:35:39
Enough talk, BR.
Fiat in/ fiat out is the name of the game. Until you do that, everything else is just quatsch as the krauts like to say.
Until I can move Euros from my bank account to my BR account and vice versa, Bitreserve is just a very pretty, very smartly-designed puddle fed by bitcoin's dirty little shrimp pond.
As an investor, please be aware that I'm not interested in hearing anything more from Halsey Minor or Anthony Watkins or Tim Parsa or Byrne Reece until you put your big boy pants on and connect to fiat networks like Coinbase and Circle. 
Go big or go home, BR!
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:50:40
Of the options mentioned to maintain cloud value in stable form-- bitcoin converted to fiat-- only Bitreserve holds its assets and obligations transparently, publishing a real-time accounting of both.  And only BR is free to convert from BTC to USD (or any of the other currencies they support).  I've advised my Greek friends to buy BTC with cash through local bitcoins and then send it to BR and hold it as Euros.  It is a bit of a round-trip-- Euros in hand to BTC to Euros in the cloud, but it's cheaper in the end than keeping Euros in the Greek banks and getting switched into some worthless Drachmas and the potential costs of theft and loss of stuffing Euros under your mattress are not inconsiderable.
@_date: 2015-06-11 13:59:38
You can trade all day. Currencies too. Forex trading is a trillion dollar market daily. Holy cow this is huge. I'm just getting my tiny brain wrapped around the implications of this.
@_date: 2015-06-28 23:38:04
@_date: 2015-12-31 16:51:39
Uphold is the only digital money platform connected to cryptocurrency (bitcoin and voxel) and banking networks (US, EU, China, UK) and every other banking system in the world via 
Uphold is demonstrably good for bitcoin adoption, use, and utility.
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:15:30
Read what I wrote. Googles revenue generating plan evolved and I'm sure BRs will too. 
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:13:24
I'm admittedly partial. Doesn't change fact that free forex and free remittance is a global finance game changer.
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:08:18
Free conversions both ways. USD to BTC, BTC to USD, USD to CHF, CHF to EUR, EUR to CHF to BTC to USD to BTC to Whatever you like (except precious metals :-()
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:20:14
They call me captain cloud money. You can call me Cap'n.
@_date: 2015-12-07 18:17:35
It's worth comparing Uphold.com to these guys.
Uphold has raised a fraction of the capital that Circle has gotten from Goldman Sachs and others, and Uphold has an excellent product that enables all the functionality of Circle (BTC&lt;==&gt;Banks) plus a whole lot more.
Will be interesting to observe how it all unfolds. 
@_date: 2015-06-08 19:40:00
BR has the vision + the money + the management + a huge lead on the bitcoin&lt;==&gt;fiat ventures who are just waking up to the fact that they are about ten innovation cycles behind Bitreserve. 
Still waiting for fiat in/out and some more big deal announcements. Africa and India and Russia should love Bitreserve in a way they can never love bitcoin (because of the volatility).
Don't rest on your laurels BR!  
@_date: 2015-06-11 13:33:20
This is incredible!  Now if they only turn on fiat in/out, they will have taken a huge step forward toward becoming the central utility for the Internet of money. Go BR!
@_date: 2015-06-11 18:28:37
I'm seriously contemplating in investing in two that one of the BR execs sent my way.  One is  basically Local Bitcoins for Bitreserve-- peer-to-peer, cash-to-cloud. And the other is a payment processor for Bitreserve-- so that merchants can easily accept BR payments.
If BR is as big as I believe it's going to be then there will be a whole lot of services that get built on top of it and that will be snapped up for frothy valuations. I'll ask if I can divulge more about the two projects.
Stay tuned!
@_date: 2015-06-28 22:11:00
Ok Finance Minister Varoufakis...Nothing to see hear... nothing at all...just keep your Euros in the bank.... and we'll give you new lovely drachma bills... that will quickly become about as valuable and useful as toilet paper... toilet paper with  a holographic owl of Athena gazing up your fundament...
@_date: 2015-12-01 17:09:14
I think someone read [my article](
@_date: 2015-06-11 13:50:04
Don't know. They talk about investing their reserve in yield-bearing instruments in the longer term once they understand their liquidity needs. But just by becoming the hub of money flows on the internet and by holding trillions of value, they will be incredibly valuable.  Google, Facebook, Snapchat, Uber-- none of those tech companies grew revenue as fast as users, most didn't even worry about revenue.  Get huge and then monetize is the right path in tech seems to me.
@_date: 2015-06-11 14:59:59
BR has always given the spot rate, aka the mid-market rate. There is no spread. 
@_date: 2015-06-11 13:58:20
Easy tiger. I don't work for BR. I'm just a BR Series B investor. But to answer your question, which you could answer for yourself if you just pulled your head out of your rectum and looked at their FAQ, they use the spot rate. That means no spread at all.  Spot is mid-market price.  Who gives a shit if they like bitcoin or don't like bitcoin-- they just made bitcoin free to exchange to USD and back. They are a hugely valuable part of the bitcoin ecosystem whether they like BTC or hate it.  
@_date: 2014-12-30 19:24:49
You're totally right. No reason for you to try it Voogru. But also no reason for me to listen to your asinine comments about something you know nothing about. Thanks for your input--I've directed it to my trash can.
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:23:43
Your leaving out all the benefits of using Bitreserve. I can flip back and forth between any asset they support and any other with no settlement delays. Their forex commissions are low and going lower. Best of all, I can send stable fiat or gold value to anyone instantly and for free.  I lost a $100 bet with a friend of mine in the US on a football game and I settled up with $100 via BR as soon as the game was over. If I'd sent bitcoin, my friend would have received more or less than the bet.
How they make money--investing the reserve--sounds fine to me, especially since they are real-time transparent. Have you checked out their transparency page?
Facebook and Google make money from me by sticking ads in everything, but their services are great so I don't mind.
I think you're overlooking the benefits of using BR and how those benefits are going to explode when merchants accept BR as a form of payment, as I believe they will since BR is a zero-cost way of moving money around.
So far I'm counting 3 votes against investing another 15k of btc in BR and 3 votes for.
I'll pull the trigger on Jan 1, 2015 if there are more yes than no votes.
Thanks Bitcoiners!!!
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:57:33
Voogru-- have you tried Bitreserve?  I get the impression that you have not. 
I had a bitstamp account at one point (probably still do if I can remember the password). I also have a coinbase account.
Neither allows me to go from btc to usd to yen to gold and back again.
Neither allows me to hold fiat in the cloud.
Plus neither are transparent--how do I know that the cash and bitcoin they say they have is actually there. With Bitreserve I know. I can see it entering, leaving, converting. I know the value is in their system and that the virtual assets they enable are backed by a full reserve of real assets (in fact they are over-reserved by over 10%). 
All btc exchanges and coinbase/circle do is allow me to move value from my bank account in the form of USD to BTC in the cloud. But I don't want BTC in the cloud. I want usd or euros or gold in the cloud. I want stable value in the cloud that I can use for commercial purposes. Bitcoin is pretty useless for that. I want to be able to access all my money from my phone, convert it on the fly at low-cost, send it to anyone in the world for free, etc. I love bitcoin, but I can't really use bitcoin because of its volatility.
And you're incorrect about BR investing their reserve this year. They haven't invested in the reserve and say (on the crowd financing forums) that they won't for the next few years, until they are sure they can meet liquidity needs of value being transferred out of their system.
I'm digging the feedback, but I'm only giving you half a no-vote because you've got your facts wrong and I don't feel like you've used BR (is that true?)
I think bitcoin is really cool and it's the beginning of something huge. But I'm leaning toward putting the rest of my coin into BR because it seems like those dudes are poised to take it the rest of the way.
@_date: 2015-12-31 05:38:17
Trustlessness is a benefit that far too few, almost no one, values. If bitcoin were to take over global finance, the benefits for every person on the planet would be unprecedented. 
But most of those benefits would be systemic--the banksters would no longer be able to rock our worlds every few years after the systemic risk bill comes due from all their gambling.
Unfortunately, the average schmo doesn't care about any of the systemic problems of global finance even though it causes endless suffering around the world. 
Proof of that is that they didn't pull all their money out of banks after 2008, when all the banks went bust. They didn't after it was clear what caused the banks to fail, which is what causes banks to always fail--undisclosed risk.
So, sadly, bitcoin is whatever the opposite of the tragedy of the commons is-- this awesome thing that would have/does have so many benefits for all the world's grazing sheeple consumers, but they don't value it and so they don't use it, and they just keep on Black Friday nom nom nom with their credit cards and bank overdraft fees and Western Union money transfers.
Everyone should go see the Big Short by the way.  Makes you want to put all your money in the cloud.
@_date: 2014-12-30 19:02:10
Okay Voogru. No "claim checks" for you.  Good luck with your fantastic insights into something you've neither tried nor understand.
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:30:13


They sell more claim checks for the gold than the amount of gold they actually have, just like the Federal Reserve did.
Voogru--you can do better than take the claim check to the vault (and really who has the time). You can convert bitgold back to bitcoin or dollars or euros or whatever Or you can spend bitcoin, dollars, euro, etc. right from your gold card. Give it a try and I think you're gonna change your mind.


But it's physical and there's no dispute who it belongs to.
Unlike with claim checks.
You should be very concerned about the financial system, since it blew up in 2008. Bitreserve's real-time transparency is an antidote to undisclosed risk building up in banks and other financial services.  Give it a try and then tell me what you think.
@_date: 2014-12-31 19:56:01
Thanks for your input. I understand your perspective. Would be great to hear from bitcoiners who have tried Bitreserve.  I'm leaning toward investing the rest of my coin (worth less everyday, unfortunatley).
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:59:55
I'd be a lot more likely to credit your skepticism as a sign of your intelligence if you'd actually tried BR, instead of just shit-talking.
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:18:13


Okay. I think comparing Bitreserve to crack cocaine might indicate that you're coming at my question with less than an objective perspective.


It's not a buzzword, it's the difference between a fax machine and an email service like gmail. Try Bitreserve and you'll see the difference. Otherwise you're just flapping your gums.


They buy gold administered by GBI. It's totally legit. I don't want to carry around gold bars and I don't want to have the admin fees of ETF's. I've bought gold in both forms before and bitgold is a game-changer. Have you ever bought gold, Voogru?


I look forward to Voogru.com's launch. And I promise I won't say negative stuff about it until I've tried it. Or compare your fantastic service to crack cocaine. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 16:48:32
Well, I felt smart for a while there when it was at 1200!  I'm looking at it as investment in understanding the future.  It's clear to me that bitcoin is the beginning of something huge. And I'm still above my purchase price, so I haven't lost money on the coin I'm still holding. 
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:00:43
Hey CN-- yes.. 15k... but in bitcoin... and I'm a US resident in Germany and also qualify as an Accredited Investor under US securities law, so maybe that made a difference.
@_date: 2014-12-30 19:00:19
You certainly do.
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:21:59
@_date: 2014-12-30 19:04:03
Can you explain why you feel that way? I'd really appreciate an intelligent bitcoiner perspective on BR's service, preferably from someone who has actually tried the service.
@_date: 2015-05-17 03:56:53
Minor founded/co-founded CNET, Salesforce.com, Vignette, Google Voice--his track record for creating shareholder value is up there with Steve Jobs.
They guy got divorced (his wife took half his loot), got depressed (as in clinically depressed), and was blind-sided by the 2008 financial crisis, which wiped out every bank in the country. 
I did my diligence on Minor and Bitreserve before investing-- this is going to be his big comeback. I'm betting that a tech genius with a fortune to regain is going to work pretty damn hard to make Bitreserve a big winner.
I don't care what he did with his own money as long as he does with Bitreserve what he did with Salesforce, CNET, and Vignette-- billions of dollars of shareholder ROI.
@_date: 2015-05-17 03:59:17
Not hedging. Much more interesting. 
@_date: 2015-05-23 00:05:05
I agree with you.
But if they pull off connecting to every source of value and connecting to every destination of value-- fiat, bitcoin, paypal, whatever--then they will become the Google of the Internet of Money.
That's why I invested. Hope I don't regret it! 
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:05:37
That's what I told them when I was seeing about investing and they said it's coming in the first quarter of 2015, along with some big annoucements of merchants who will be accepting Bitreserve.  
@_date: 2015-05-17 03:58:16
Since public launch, oldbean. Read. Think. Then comment. They did a six month private beta.
@_date: 2015-05-02 21:22:17
Bitreserve's tagline from day 1 has been : the end of bitcoin volatility.
Circle and Coinbase are finally coming around to what Bitreserve has been doing for 18 months.
With BR you get instant conversion between BTC and a dozen or more stable stores of value, from GLD to USD to JPY, instant and free money transfer, and real-time proof of solvency.
The future looks a lot like now. Fiat, but made cloud-based, instant and free to transfer, and low-cost forex.
Bitreserve is the only virtual currency play that makes any sense to me.  Everything else smells like decentralization fetish or bitcoin fetish. Bitreserve is solving real problems for real people.
Disclosure: I invested in their Series B via their crowd-funding. 
@_date: 2015-05-11 07:26:00
Tether is really not comparable to Bitreserve.
Bitreserve allows you to convert your BTC to over dozen virtual assets denominated in traditional asset classes--fiat, precious metals.
Tether just lets you exchange your value for fiat-denominated value.
The difference is that with Bitreserve, I can send someone USD, GLD, EUR, INR.  With Tether I can just convert back and forth between BTC and some fiat.
Bitreserve has a real-time proof of solvency--real-time transparency with regard to their system's liabilities and assets.
Who knows what Tether does with your money. Do they really sell BTC and buy USD when you convert so that you can be sure they can make good on their IOUs?  Who knows?!!! Maybe they're speculating with your BTC.  Maybe they're pulling a Gox. No way of knowing.
Bitreserve has an open API with dozens of developers plugging into it to build cool shit on top of Bitreserve.
Tether is a closed system.
This matters because transaction volume = lower commissions = viable business.
Bitreserve was founded by the guy behind CNET, Salesforce.com, Google Voice, and a dozen other huge tech companies.
Tether was founded by... Brock Pierce... a child actor turned bitcoin VC.
I get your frustration with having to do a data dump just to try a new platform.
Bitreserve only requires that after you hit the 1k threshold.
I'm a BR investor (via their very cool crowd-funding) is how I know so much about them.
Bitreserve FTW!!! 
@_date: 2015-05-17 03:58:54
Look at their distribution on changemoney.org. They are global and growing like crazy.
@_date: 2015-05-28 18:30:36
I like Bitreserve's practical approach to addressing the problems of the screwed up banking/financial service system.
They recognize bitcoin's value but also its shortcomings. They provide solutions to real use cases-- bitcoin volatility, how to hold precious metals in the cloud, transparency, etc.
They focus on solving real-world problems.  They innovate and deliver.
I look at Coinbase, Bitstamp, Circle, Xapo, Bitpay, Bitnet-- all these companies that have sucked up massive VC investment-- and all I see is a massive bitcoin circle jerk. Let's help people go from BTC to Fiat to BTC to Fiat to BTC....wheee!
But everything out of Bitreserve, from their functionality to their marketing is: here are the problems we're solving for real people: lack of transparency, free + instant value transfer, hold stable value but spend as bitcoin, low-cost forex, cross-border payments.
They even made it easy for real people like me to invest in their B-round. I like Bitreserve's style and their gestalt.
They are no B.S., zero hype, great execution. 
Keep up the good work Bitreserve! 
@_date: 2015-01-16 03:25:58
I disagree. I've been a bitcoiner for 18 months or so and I was excited about its potential. But here's a cold, hard fact: that dog don't hunt for everyday commerce and it never will because it's too volatile and it will always be too volatile for most people to use.
When I got my Bitreserve invite, I was stoked because I realized that Bitreserve was everything I loved about bitcoin--bypassing the banksters and nothing I didn't like (volatility mostly, but also too slow and too complicated for mass adoption).
I'm interested in moving my money for free and instantly and not paying some shithead bank money just for the privilege of getting hold of what I already earned by the sweat of my brow.
Bitreserve is just trying to help bitcoiners preserve value. With Bitreserve you can flip back and forth from btc to usd to gld to btc--instant, low-cost conversions. 
If anything Bitreserve makes bitcoin more viable and more likely to be checked out by average consumers. That means greater demand, which means higher btc prices, and isn't that what lots of you bitcoiners want?
Full disclosureville: I invested all my btc in Bitreserve's Series B. You can check out my post about that here: 
Go Bitreserve!  
@_date: 2015-01-16 20:51:55
Bitcoin:Bitreserve as Napster:iTunes.
Bitcoin: slow, volatile, complex, negative associations, slow to innovate, doesn't work for most commercial transactions.
Bitreserve: instant, free, any form of value, real-time transparency, constant innovation (bitgold, bitoil), built to make commerce as free, fast, and easy as email.
Bitcoin introduced the idea of bypassing banksters with cloud value. Bitreserve enables cloud **money**.
I don't care about decentralization--just give let me move my money instantly and for free with real-time transparency so I know my money is safe.
I am Team Bitreserve for the big win against the banksters!
Full disclosure: I'm a BR investor. You can read about my bitcoin to Bitreserve journey here: 
Change money, change the world!
@_date: 2015-01-16 03:36:37
Voogru-- how many world-changing tech businesses have you started? The founder of Bitreserve has been behind a whole lot of them: 
Calling someone a "fraudster" is harsh and in this case it's completely unfounded and untrue. Do your homework before you start besmirching people's characters with ignorant internet comments. I did my homework when I was thinking about investing in Bitreserve. This is from a forum post from CrowdCube where Bitreserve raised almost $1mm from the crowd:














Halsey's bankruptcy is totally irrelevant to Bitreserve's potential, value, and likelihood of world-changing success. 


It took me about ten minutes talking to Halsey (I didn't know him before I joined Bitreserve) to see that his bankruptcy was in the rearview mirror and Bitreserve was something I wanted to help him build.
edit: took out the stuff that wasn't relevant to Bitreserve founder.
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:35:20
All I know is Bitreserve's bitgold is awesome. Flip from btc to gld to usd to yen to yuan and back to btc. Hold gold, but spend btc. All with real-time transparency. 
Decentralized, deschementralized!  Give me centralization-- which makes things fast, free, and easy--and real-time transparency.
Bitreserve is the real deal, but I'm also an investor, so I'm biased for sure. 
@_date: 2015-01-16 22:11:36
Real-time transparency, my friend. Decentralization = slow, costly, complicated.  Centralization = instant, free, but yes requires trust. Centralization + Real-time Transparency = instant, free, and proof of solvency/disclosure of risk. 
I totally get after what the banksters did to us (are doing to us, will always try to do to us) why bitcoiners don't want to trust anyone and why decentralization seems like the cure.  But what we need is transparency, not decentralization. Bitreserve has a vision for the future that I can get behind (and have with about $25k of my hard-earned shekels).
@_date: 2015-05-22 20:08:14
They are going to turn on fiat in/fiat out very soon. The volume of value that will enter BR's system via ACH, SEPA, Paypal, etc. will be magnitudes greater than the $2mm or so that has entered via BTC. 
BTC market cap = $3bn and most of it never moves. That's a drop in the global finance bucket. I think it's cool Bitreserve lets you move value into their system via BTC and soon via traditional value transfer methods AND let's you hold it in any form you like (BTC, GLD, USD, whatever) AND does it all with real-time transparency so you know your value is safe.
As for coinapult-- didn't hackers just use coinapult to launch a bunch of bitcoin into their own wallets?
Bitreserve is getting regulated everywhere and opening bank accounts everywhere--of course they are wary of the bitcoin label.
BR isn't pushing for mass adoption of bitcoin. It's pushing for a solution that makes moving money free and instant and brings transparency to global finance.
Bitcoin is awesome. But Bitreserve has bigger fish to fry.
Full disclosure: I'm a BR investor.
@_date: 2015-01-24 00:39:41
I had the same confusion for a while when I first heard about Bitreserve.
Bitreserve really isn't a bitcoin company. It's more a bitcoin-inspired company, like Itunes is an MP3-inspired company that has little in common with the original decentralized MP3 ventures like Napseter, Limewire, Kazaa, etc.
Bitcoin enables cloud value transfers that bypass banks, thus avoiding the banksters and their rip-off fees, delays, risk-taking. Bitreserve enables cloud money. It's a cloud money service and bitcoin is a way of moving value into Bitreserve. Bitreserve enables virtual assets (currently five major currencies and gold) whose value is backed by real assets held in their full reserve, and they do it with real-time transparency.
So they've taken the best aspects of bitcoin: avoiding banks and a public real-time ledger, and they've improved on it in many ways. Transfers of bitcoin, dollars, pounds, gold, etc in Bitreserve are instant and free vs. slowish and the bitcoin fee with bitcoin transfers on the blockchain. You lose the dencentralization and therefore you have counterparty risk with Bitreserve, but they are the first financial service in history to do real-time transparency-- so the counterparty risk is very, very low.  
So what can you use Bitreserve for? I've used it to go from BTC to USD instantly and at low-cost when BTC was crashing and to go from USD to BTC when I thought BTC had bottomed out. They are the cheapest way to convert value that I've found (Coinapult is B.S., Bitshares is slow). 
You can also spend BTC from your stores of dollars or gold or whatever so you can participate in the bitcoin economy--which is a very, very cool experiment-- but not be exposed to any BTC volatility, which can wipe out a lot of value very quickly as we've seen over the past 12 months.
That's Bitreserve today: convert your BTC to stable value but still spend BTC on the bitcoin network + transfer BTC or USD or GLD instantly and for free to anyone, anytime, anywhere + real-time transparency so you know your value is safe, which means you don't have to be worry about being Goxed and if Bitreserve gets Bitstamped, it's all out in the open and the world will see it in real-time. No fucking waiting two weeks while Bistamp pulls their heads out of their ass.
That's today. What they say is that starting soon (next few months?) you'll be able to use your bitmoney to buy stuff, which makes sense to me because if you're a merchant with fiat costs and expenses, you want whatever money your costs and expenses are denominated in, not bitcoin (because of the volatility). And Bitreserve allows instant, zero-cost payments (no more credit card fees or fraud or chargebacks).
So today Bitreserve protects you from bitcoin volatility, if you want to use bitcoin but not lose your shirt.  Tomorrow you can spend your bitmoney with merchants, and by the end of the year they say there will be all sorts of apps built on top of their API that allow you to do all sorts of things-- remittance cash-out, IP rights payments, micropayments.
Bitreserve is good for bitcoin because it makes bitcoin more useful for commerce-- it will drive more people to buy bitcoin to get into bitmoney so they can use Bitreserve's cloud money service without having to be worried about bitcoin volatilty.
Bitreserve is good for merchants because they enable zero-cost payments with no fraud or chargebacks.
Bitreserve is good for poor people sending money home, because they enable zero-cost remittance with no bitcoin volatility risk and also low-cost currency conversions
They are good for the unbanked and working poor because eventually everyone will be able to store their money in the cloud with BR and no more fucking bounced check fees or minimum balance requirements.
They are going to be fucking awesome for developers because their API is open and anyone can start building something on top of them--I've got a few projects in the works myself.
They are not good for banksters and other shitheel financial intermediaries like Western Union.
They are a great for anyone who doesn't like banks blowing all depositors money on high-risk best and then getting the government to bail them out. 
So start with bitcoin, use it, support the community. Try Bitreserve and see how they work-- convert your btc to usd with no settlement delays and cheaper than coinbase or circle, and with real-time transparency.  Spend btc from your usd or gld or euro card to support btc-accepting merchants.
And keep an eye on the stuff they have coming down the pipe, because one thing I can say about Bitreserve is they never stop fucking doing interesting stuff: opening their venture round to the crowd on two different platforms, bitgold, bitoil. One thing they are not is boring.
Full disclosure-- I know so much about BR because I did a shit-ton of diligence before investing some of my hard-earned shekels via Venovate.  I don't know if they're going to be knock it out of the park like they claim, but I like their odds because the dude behind Bitreserve has built like six hugely successful tech ventures (even if he's currently bankrupt).
Hope this helps.  Bring on the cloud money!  Fuck the banksters!
Yours truly,
@_date: 2016-01-28 17:47:18
Gmail/Google Service has seized my email!
It's demanding I enter my username and password to access by inbox!
Dave_Rock: upload your ID and then move your BTC anywhere you want. Uphold isn't going to miss your business.  
They are doing amazing things and if whiners like you don't understand how great they are, then don't use them.
Stick your bitcoin under your digital mattress, why don't you?
@_date: 2015-05-17 03:57:10
You're not good at math.
@_date: 2015-05-23 04:31:49
Well, BTCPHD, we might have to revoke your degree, because you really don't have your facts straight.
If you do some due diligence, you'll discover the founder Halsey Minor lost half his wealth to divorce, then fell into a depression, and then got blind-sided by the 2008 financial crisis. Bad marriage, bad genes, bad luck, but it doesn't take away from him being a tech genius. He might have lost $2bn, but he made it for himself in the first place, and he's made his past investors something like $60bn.
How much money have you made from your tech ventures, BTCPHD?
The guy didn't only do CNET. He was co-founder of Salesforce.com, spun Vignette out of CNET and brought it public, sold the company to Google that they rebranded as Google Voice, and also did OpenDNS and Rhapsody. He's more or less the definition of a world-class tech entrepreneur.
Bitreserve does a lot more than let you hold funds in BTC or fiat. They enable cloud-based assets that can be transferred instantly and for free and are held transparently. 
As for regulation, my ill-informed BTCPHD, your thesis is kaput, since Bitreserve is registered with FinCen and has gotten licensed or is in the process of getting licensed in all US states.
BR isn't susceptible to collapse for the very reason that makes it such an innovative company-- its real-time transparency. Unlike Coinapult, Bitstamp, Coinbase, etc., Bitreserve provides a real-time proof of solvency.
Bitreserve is an innovation machine. We'll see if they can pull it off, but with a visionary like their founder, a solid team, including Anthony Watson (CIO of Barclays and Nike), a crazy smart business model, and cash in the bank from their recent Series B ($10mm), I think they're a good bet.
You should try Bitreserve, BTCPHD. When you see how you can hold BTC or Rupees or Gold or Palladium transparently, convert it instantly and at low-cost to any other asset class, send it anywhere instantly and for free, spend or send BTC from any other virtual asset they enable, well then you might be persuaded.
Or maybe not. But, truly BTCPHD, ad hominem attacks are the rhetorical last resort of the witless and minging.
auf wiedersehen!
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:01:20
Fair point, BH. They've grown very fast on many fronts, so I guess I expect some variability of service and delays. I've never had anything but excellent service with BTC and fiat and gold. Sorry it hasn't been that way for you. That is annoying. I can see why you are pissed.
@_date: 2016-01-08 20:10:55
Uphold makes holding and moving any form of value instant, free, and easy. That includes BTC.
You can move money into your UH from your bank in the US, EU, UK or via credit and debit cards, including China Union Pay. Or you can load your UH wallet with BTC. 
BTC is the Internet of Value. UH is the Internet of Money.
Uphold is also the cheapest, easiest, and fastest way to [purchase Bitcoin](
Haters hating Uphold is not positive for Bitcoin. Uphold makes Bitcoin easier to acquire, opens it up to more people around the globe, and gives tools that bitcoin speculators, merchants, and investors can use to increase bitcoin's utility and protect themselves from bitcoin volatility.
Uphold gets almost everything right except for the time Watson and Minor bashed bitcoin (which they've subsequently have walked back). 
Uphold is good for Bitcoin!
@_date: 2016-03-29 06:56:22
Innovation, not a scam. 
If UH can give liquidity and convertibility to an unknown crypto and pull it off-- it's just added incredibly valuable functionality at very little cost.
They can do a lot by being the central hub that connects every kind of value to every other kind of value, all over the Internet.
Keep hating all you like, but if Vox fails, UH is still the only fintech company that has cracked the nut of IP-compatible money.
If it succeeds, UH is going to make a lot of dosh off this very smart capability-- connecting new digital assets to their platform.
Time will tell.
@_date: 2015-05-23 06:41:47
Well, time will tell, mein kleiner freund.
I hope I do get paid handsomely for drinking the BR kool-aid. It's called R.O.I.! I bought at 1.80 per share. I'm going to sell in five years at 1,800 per share is my guess.
"foolish and short-sighted" + "scam" + "farce" -- that's some strong medicine BTCPHD. Why all the ire? How is Bitreserve a "scam" exactly?
You won't go into a lengthy rebuttal? Could that possibly be because what rebuttal could there be to Bitreserve being an innovative powerhouse led by the guy whose called it right on every information tech wave since the commercial internet began, one that has raised something like $18mm from savvy investors (including yours truly) and has formed a world-class team that's been executing like well-oiled robot ninjas?  Have you seen their growth?
Oh, yes, the SEC is going to close them down, that's what's surely going to happen. Do you know what SEC stands for BTCPHD? BR doesn't sell securities of any type. Hmmm.... BTCPHD, you're gonna have to defend your thesis better than that.
"Stupid and unnecessary...middle man..." I don't think you see what's coming, BTCPHD, but few people ever do. Just the visionaries and the people who can recognize them.
And ad hominem is exactly what you did in the previous post, by calling BR's CEO "a joke."  You no speak Latin so good, huh?
Your use of the word "farce" is a farce. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 13:31:22
Bithoncho. You hit the nail on the head, boychik. Uphold has totally [overpromised]( and [underperformed](
They've hardly done anything in two years, except support every form of value, including fiat, crypto, and precious metals. And connect to bank networks all over the globe. And be real-time transparent. And... yeah... totally the worst experience ever. 
@_date: 2016-03-22 04:47:39
I thought Bitpay was circling the drain. Didn't they lay off most of their employees?  That's the last thing I read. I need to start checking out this sub more frequently. Hi everyone!
@_date: 2015-08-11 19:23:34
sure... same way Google is a good old-fashioned library of information.
@_date: 2015-08-12 17:56:00
"When gmail first launched, there was this long delay once before one of my mails was received. I decided then and there I would never trust gmail with important correspondence. Their staff couldn't understand why the wait was an issue for me.  I still think gmail could lose my mail or your mail and maybe at the worst possible time. That's why I'm still AOL.com FTW! "-- Pokertravis on why he doesn't trust gmail.
@_date: 2015-08-11 18:24:01
If (when?) they turn on fiat-in/out, this is exactly what BR will become. What they seems magical-- free money transfers, free forex, real-time transparency, no more bankster rip-offs or bank blow-ups/bail-outs--and that's exactly what IT that changes the world feels like: Magic. 
Google felt magical when I first used it. Facebook did too in it's way. BR will become the hub of the Internet of Money when and if they turn on fiat in/out. 
As a BR investor, I have my fingers and toes crossed.
@_date: 2015-07-08 16:11:49
lots of apps.
lots of great hires.
lots of transaction volume.
but where's the fiat in/fiat out. 
Come on Bitreserve!  Go big or go home.
@_date: 2015-07-09 20:57:57
I've been waiting for Bitreserve to turn on fiat in/out. Looks like two Mexican nerds are doing it for them. Check out [AirTM](
@_date: 2015-07-21 22:50:52
@_date: 2015-07-09 19:23:10
@_date: 2015-08-25 19:18:16
But still no fiat in/out :(
@_date: 2015-07-08 16:34:39
Can you guys send me a deck on this.  Tim Parsa has my email contact. I invested in Bitreserve Series B. AirTM sounds like something I might want to invest in. Send me deck and term sheet please.
@_date: 2016-02-17 18:18:51
I just might do that!
@_date: 2016-02-17 22:55:06
I have a different take on Uphold's Vox experiment. You can read it [here](
@_date: 2016-02-14 17:14:40
OP is full of BS.
Uphold is demonstrably solvent if you know how to do math.
The only reason OP can pretend to do the math is Uphold publishes a real-time accounting of their assets and liabilities.
I'm a long-time UH supporter and investor and they just keep getting better and better. The market values innovation and UH is by far the most innovative company in the fintech/crypto space.
And for the record-- I'm long voxels because it's a bet on the future of virtual reality, which I have little doubt will do to video what video did to radio.
Uphold FTW!
@_date: 2016-02-14 17:59:38
Voxel is not a red flag at all-- it is innovation and poses no risk to Uphold.
Uphold reallocates assets in their reserve to match their obligations on a risk-based basis. Being long USD against crappy currencies or a little short BTC is risk-based and does not pose a red flag.
When you say-- one bad trade and UH is a goner-- what do you mean?  If they converted all their assets into BTC and went long BTC, that would indeed be a bad trade. Or if they were 100% short BTC. But they don't speculate-- they reallocate assets to match obligations on a risk-based basis. They are not like investment banks or fractional reserve banks chasing returns with client funds. They run a full reserve-- totally different risk profile. 
I did very deep due diligence on UH's risk-management policies before investing. They have very specific risk policies for all currency pairs and they have adhered to them for two years running now. What make you think this will change? What makes you think they will do a big bad trade? Why would they? 
I've watched Margin Call and the Big Short and am a long-time student of the collapse of financial institutions. Here's my take-away from all of that: real-time transparency is the solution to all the ills of global finance. If only for that innovation-- real-time public accounting of assets and liabilities--Uphold deserves all our respect and support.
Halsey Minor seems like a wild man genius from all I've read, but you can't argue with this track record.  Time will tell I guess.
@_date: 2016-02-16 19:13:36
You guys want to see a bitcoin app that is zero hype and all substance, check out [airtm.io]( Started by two Mexican kids who interned at Uphold, built and launched in 6 months, boot-strapped with very little capital (I, stupidly, passed on their Friends &amp; Family round), and currently operating and killing it in Venezuela, Argentina, Panama, Colombia, China, the US, and Mexico. Read more about them [here]( 
I'm a bitcoin holder and an Uphold investor (Series B via their crowd-funding) and have been very impressed by all the apps being built on their [API]( Haven't seen anything like it from any other company in the fintech space. Uphold has over 150 apps being built on top of them with new ones launching every day.
Abra seems like a classic VC circle jerk-- all hype, no results, big valuation.
@_date: 2015-04-06 19:45:15
Holy guacamole! Bitreserve just took their game to a whole new level. This guy is beloved by banks and regulators worldwide. And he's a leader in gay rights. Bitreserve bridges the world of bitcoin and the world of fiat with their cloud money system. This guy joining Bitreserve is a huge deal-- he could work anywhere he wants for whatever price he names. Really glad I invested in Bitreserve! 
@_date: 2015-04-30 21:29:06
Bitreserve has been clear from the start about what they do: provide a haven from bitcoin volatility, enable the low-cost conversion of BTC to virtual assets denominated in stable fiat and commodity value (USD, GLD, INR, etc), and make it fee and instant to transfer those virtual assets (and BTC) to anyone with a networked device. And they do it all with real-time transparency of their liabilities (the virtual assets held by members) and their assets (the fiat and commodities they hold that back-up those assets). The result is a system that makes moving value in any form (I've got Palladium, Platinum, and Pesos in my BR wallet) as free, fast, and easy as email and also provides real-time proof of solvency (no more undisclosed risk that pays all those bankster bonuses and causes all those bank blow-ups!).
Circle started out as a Coinbase me-too, but with crap execution.
Now they are trying to be a Bitreserve me-too. I expect the same shite execution.
They raised a lot of money to try to beat Coinbase and that didn't work. Now they're raising a lot of money to try to pivot in Bitreserve's direction.
What they don't get is that without real-time transparency that Bitreserve has pioneered, Circle's USD is the same black box IOU has every bank. How do we know Circle holds the fiat they say they do? We don't. How do we know they aren't playing silly buggers with BTC speculation using client funds? We don't. I'll take transparency over "insurance" any day.
When Bitreserve turns on direct fiat deposits/withdrawals, something they've been hinting at for a while, Circle is going to look like a janky Zune next to Bitreserve's iPhone.  Maybe then they'll do another round and pivot again. They'll probably merge with a bank.
Bitreserve was the first to address the bitcoin volatility problem, the first to enable cloud-based fiat and commodities that can be instantly converted to BTC (and vice versa), the first to provide real-time proof of solvency.  I might have invested in Coinbase if I'd had a chance, but I would have passed on Circle and I'm sure lots of people wish they had. Goldman Sachs is the perfect investor for Circle-- cynical con artists dedicated to ripping people off for the past 100 years. It's Vampire Squid meets Dorey from Finding Nemo.  
I invested in Bitreserve because their story makes sense, their founder has an unmatched tech track record, and because they've proven themselves to be the fastest innovators and the best executors in the space. They've got monster management and an 18-month headstart toward becoming the Google of the Internet of money.
Most importantly I invested in Bitreserve because they were the only company in the space that opened their financing to the crowd, not because they had to (most of their B round was done by some Mexican billionaire), but because they are committed to innovating in a way that benefits people--consumers, businesses, investors. They are committed to bringing transparency and fairness to the most opaque and unfair sector of the world economy: global finance.  
Success in tech is determined by one thing: innovation. You don't get very far by being a spendthrift copycat. 
Conclusion: Circle will be a footnote in Bitreserve's success story.   
@_date: 2015-04-13 08:40:15
This is not correct at all. Bitreserve enables the conversion of bitcoin into virtual assets denominated in many currencies and precious metals. When you convert BTC to USD or GLD on Bitreserve, you no longer hold BTC. When you send USD to someone using BR, you are sending USD, not BTC.  
It's correct that you need to cash-in/cash-out of Bitreserve using BTC for now. But BR has stated repeatedly and publicly that they are opening fiat pathways in and out of their cloud money system this year. 
So soon we'll be able to move money from Paypal to BR and BR to Paypal, as well as via ACH and SEPA. For now BR is BTC in/out.
That means you'll be able to send/receive USD, EUR, GLD, etc. via BR instantly and for free, and then move that value into/out of your bank account or paypal account.
@_date: 2015-04-13 08:29:19
Bitreserve is remarkable.
You are correct that as a BR member you can transfer USD, GLD, BTC, and about 15 other forms of value instantly and for free to anyone else with a networked device-- as free, fast, and easy as email.
These virtual cloud-based assets are matched (substantiated is the word they use) by real assets in their full reserve.  You can see that they are in fact overreserved on their transparency page.
They guy behind Bitreserve founded or cofounded or was a founding investor in CNET, Salesforce.com, Rhapsody, OpenDNS, and Google Voice.
I invested in their Series B via Venovate and I'm a happy camper-- turned a bunch of bitcoin into a chunk of Bitreserve.
@_date: 2015-04-26 23:48:23
Bitreserve does a lot more than provide bitcoin wallet service. They let you convert bitcoin into stable real-world value (USD, GLD, EUR, etc.) at very low-cost and you can transfer any value in their system instantly and for free. And they do it with real-time transparency of both assets and liabilities. They are innovating faster than any company in the virtual currency space. 
SMcKie-- why do you say you're uncomfortable submitting anything?
KYC requirements is the basic compliance if you want to play in the big leagues. Every legit company has an AML/KYC/OFAC/BSA policy. If they don't, they get shut down. 
If you hit some higher threshold, they'll probably ask for additional information like source of funds. No way around it. If you don't want to ID yourself, use BTC and a dark wallet.
I invested in Bitreserve's Series B and I'm very happy at the progress they've made in the past three months or so.
@_date: 2015-09-23 21:09:09
Circle is Goldman Sachs greasy virtual currency buttplug.
They just pivoted in the direction of Bitreserve. Unfortunately Bitreserve has a two-year lead on Circle.
Watch for their next Bitreserve copy-cat moves: 1. real-time transparency, 2. multiple currencies and commodities like gold, 3. an open API.
What they have over Bitreserve is they are connected to fiat networks and BR is not.  If BR doesn't figure that out very soon, Circle might start catching up to them.
@_date: 2015-09-23 21:21:41
 an amazing service built on top of Bitreserve.
@_date: 2015-11-02 22:09:27
Doesn't it feel dirty and generally venereal to be in bed with Goldman Sachs? Doesn't having the world's most predatory and evil financial service as a partner guarantee that Circle will be about as innovative as a gelded pony? There's a German word for what you guys became by joining forces with the great Vampire Squid: Ausverkauf. I give you guys another 6 months before you fold your shabby tent and go away. Can't happen soon enough.
@_date: 2015-03-17 19:58:04
When are you guys going to fulfill my wish list:
1. **Fiat in/Fiat out** by the end of the year; I want to be able to move all my Euros from my Deutsch Bank Checking account into BR without having to buy bitcoin.
2. **Bitreserve Debit Card** by the end of the year. I want to be able to use that debit card to draw down funds from my BR account via Mastercard or Visa.
3. **Drop your BTC/USD commissions** so that you are the best (cheapest, real-time transparent, instant) way to trade BTC. There's no reason you can't/shouldn't drop your BTC/USD commission to below whatever exchange you use to true-up the reserve. I know BTC speculation is NOT what you are all about, but you guys could be the BTC speculator's  tool.
4. **$500 million in reserves** by the end of 2015. You're growing fast off a low base, but let's start talking some real money. $500 million in reserves and BR is worth $10bn.
5. **A mobile app** that makes payments with BR easy so merchants start adopting BR as a way to pay for goods and services. 
Get on it Bitreserve!
@_date: 2016-05-08 01:47:14
The takeaway: you best be regulated with a few senators in your pocket before you start laundering billions of dollars of dirty money.
Let's burn global finance down to the motherfucking ground!
@_date: 2015-03-18 19:30:31
The future of money. It's bitcoin without bitcoin's problems.
Bitreserve is a service that allows instant, free, irrevocable value transfer with real-time transparency. It takes bitcoin's best ideas and makes them useful for commerce. 
I invested, so I'm biased, but if do your diligence and you might come to the same conclusion I did: **Bitreserve is gonna be huge!**
@_date: 2015-11-24 19:38:53
Facts about Uphold:
* cheapest way to purchase BTC from a US, UK, or EU bank account.
* cheapest place to trade BTC/USD even with their new bulk trade pricing.
* cheapest way to move money from one banking system to another--free to onboard, free to convert between fiat pairs at the mid-market price (no spread), free to offboard the first $12k per year.
* cheapest way to move money above $12k too-- just .5% off-boarding fee to go from Uphold to banks: [Uphold Pricing](
* driving BTC adoption via their open API (bitwage, airtm, libertyX, etc.).
* well-funded and managed by a serious people with amazing track records for making their investors money.
* committed to innovation and inclusion-- from their opening up their Series B to crowd-funding in the US and UK (how I got a chance to invest) to supporting a new cryptocurrency that is the in-game currency for Halsey Minor's new virtual reality platform to having an openly gay activist ex-banker CEO.
* committed to helping the poor and needy-- 5% of profits in perpetuity go towards charitable causes.
* independent of legacy banking system-- Circle is in bed with Goldman.
I agree they mouth off way too much about BTC's imminent demise--especially since they wouldn't exist without it, not to mention that it's front and center on their UI-- and now they probably regret it and are walking those statements back.
They are a young company but they've come very far very fast. As the German's like to say: Aller anfang ist schwer.
@_date: 2015-03-12 22:10:57
Bitreserve is strong, but it's 100% dependent on bitcoin for the time being. Bitcoin's got problems but it's really amazing that it's the first financial service that no one owns and that simply cannot be shut down.
One of the Bitreserve guys once wrote (on a Crowdcube message board post) that Bitcoin was nothing anyone could use, but it was everything we needed to change the current bankster-run financial system (paraphrasing). But maybe a stronger bitcoin means a stronger Bitreserve and vice-versa.
Maybe Bitreserve and bitcoin should support each other instead of taking big old steaming dumps on each others' heads. If Bitreserve succeeds, it could make bitcoin a lot stronger, bringing a lot more average consumers into bitcoin. And the more bitcoin flourishes, the more people who might find Bitreserve's volatilty protection interesting.
Let's all join hands and sing the Battle Hymn of the Cloud Money Revolution:
Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of Cloud Money;
It is trampling out banks' love of nickel-and-diming me;
Bitcoin hath loosed the fateful lightning of its more or less swift BTC;
Cloud Money is marching on.
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Glory! Glory! Hallelujah!
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Cloud Money is marching on.
I have seen bitcoin in the watch fires of a hundred reddit threads;
They have built bitcoin an altar in their hearts and in their heads;
They can see BTC @ gold parity even when they take their meds;
Cloud money's day is marching on.
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Glory! Glory! Hallelujah!
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Cloud money's day is marching on.
I have read a fiery blog post writ in burnished rows of text;
As ye know about Netscape's demise, so shall BTC be next;
Let the smart-money bet on Bitreserve, and not some hot crypto mess."
Cloud money is marching on.
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Glory! Glory! Hallelujah!
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Since Cloud money is marching on.
Bitcoin has sounded forth the trumpet that shall never call retreat;
Smart VC's and the Winkletwins--no way can they be beat;
If only Ross Ulbricht had run Silk Road from somewhere like Mozambique;
Cloud money is marching on.
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Glory! Glory! Hallelujah!
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Cloud Money is marching on.
In the beauty of Satoshi's mind was born our beloved BTC,
Pretty fast, nearly free, and with real-time transparency:
But to understand it you need a fucking PhD;
While Cloud Money is marching on.
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Glory! Glory! Hallelujah!
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! While Cloud Money is marching on.
Cloud money is coming like the glory of a mass bankster suicide,
It's a boon to everyone except those banks too big to die,
When transparency reigns supreme, there'll be no way for them to lie,
Cloud money is marching on.
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Glory! Glory! Hallelujah!
Glory! Glory! Hallelujah! Cloud money is marching on.
@_date: 2015-03-13 16:27:55
Then you haven't been listening, son.
@_date: 2016-05-14 10:33:23
AirTM (airtm.io)
@_date: 2016-05-20 03:16:21
ehrm... it's called market rate... Uphold has done something miraculous with the Voxel.... taken a digital asset no one knows or cares about and made it convertible with fiat and other cryptos... if you can't understand the value of that... and the potential use-cases of giving liquidity and convertibility to previously closed-loop stores of value... then I'll just leave you to your trolling... auf Wiedersehen!
@_date: 2015-03-23 21:37:47
You should integrate Bitreserve payments-- your lovely ladies can get choose to get paid in bitcoin or any of the other cloud-based currencies BR supports: gold, swiss franc, USD, etc. They have a well-documented [API](
@_date: 2015-11-24 06:19:55
Facts about Uphold:
* cheapest way to purchase BTC from a US, UK, or EU bank account.
* cheapest place to trade BTC/USD even with their new bulk trade pricing.
* cheapest way to move money from one banking system to another--free to onboard, free to convert between fiat pairs at the mid-market price (no spread), free to offboard the first $12k per year.
* cheapest way to move money above $12k too-- just .5% off-boarding fee to go from Uphold to banks [Uphold Pricing](
* driving BTC adoption via their open API (bitwage, airtm, libertyX, etc.).
* well-funded and managed by a serious people with amazing track records for making their investors money.
* committed to innovation and inclusion-- from their opening up their Series B to crowd-funding in the US and UK (how I got a chance to invest) to supporting a new cryptocurrency that is the in-game currency for Halsey Minor's new virtual reality platform to having an openly gay activist ex-banker CEO.
* committed to helping the poor and needy-- 5% of profits in perpetuity go towards charitable causes.
* independent of legacy banking system-- Circle is in bed with Goldman.
I agree they mouth off way too much about BTC's imminent demise--especially since they wouldn't exist without it, not to mention that it's front and center on their UI-- and now they probably regret it and are walking those statements back.
They are a young company but they've come very far very fast. As the German's like to say: Aller anfang ist schwer. 
@_date: 2015-03-17 04:50:03
Bitreserve is a great wallet. You can hold bitcoin or convert bitcoin into more stable bitmoney that is denominated in more stable value: dollars, gold, euros, etc.  
You can hold your value in Bitreserve's cloud money system as that stable bitmoney but still spend or send  bitcoin instantly.
So if you want to join the bitcoin economy, which is the first step toward becoming part of the Cloud Money Revolution that is going to wash away the banksters, then buy bitcoin from coinbase or circle or localbitcoins and send it to your Bitreserve account.
Keep your money in the cloud where the banksters can't touch it. Keep some of it as bitcoin if you feel like speculating.
Bitreserve has real-time transparency-- real-time proof of solvency--so you know your value is safe.
All hail the Cloud Money revolution! Begone diabolical spectre of bankster greed that has been haunting the global economy for centuries!
Real-time Transparency! Free &amp; Instant Money Transfer!
Together we can make it happen Asguardia! 
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:04:00
It's not like this is Minor's first goddamn time at the [tech rodeo](
@_date: 2015-03-19 19:26:26
I'll add another 2BTC to the kitty if someone implements it using Bitreserve's [API](
That way we could tip each other in BTC or GLD or USD or any other form of value. Transfers with Bitreserve are instant and free, even BTC.  
@_date: 2015-03-18 14:53:27
Will do. I'm President. 
@_date: 2015-02-17 18:05:26
The beauty of Bitreserve is you can hold your value in anyway you feel comfortable--dollars, bitcoin, silver, yen--and send it to anyone, anytime, anywhere for free, convert it from one form of value to another at low-cost, and you can be sure your value is safe because they have real-time transparency.
Basically, they deliver on the promise of bitcoin-- cutting out the bankster intermediaries, obliterating costs and delays, and providing real-time transparency.
Go Bitreserve!
(Full disclosure: I'm a (very happy) BR investor!)
@_date: 2015-02-10 18:57:45
Best comment from over at the Bitreserve Blog:












@_date: 2015-10-14 23:21:57
Halsey Minor = Fintech Elon Musk.
@_date: 2015-02-24 22:27:19
Or Bitreserve.
@_date: 2015-02-19 18:41:50
That's outdated son.  I want to see this:
1. BTC transferred Locked and transferred from BTC Card to USD Card at the same time.
2. BTC unlocked and transferred from USD Card to BTC Card at the same time.
Coinapult inspires zero confidence in me. And all their reddit astro-turfing ain't gonna change that.
@_date: 2015-02-22 01:43:36
Bitreserve will have debit cards in 2015. I'll bet anyone a bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-24 01:48:35
Finally someone sets the record straight!
Bitreserve for the win!
@_date: 2016-05-13 14:35:38
AirTM ( VZN bank accounts to Uphold.
@_date: 2015-02-19 18:19:08
No it's not. Round trip BTC to USD to BTC Coinapult is quite a bit more expensive. Someone should do a real-time comparison of BTC to USD to BTC. 