@_author: captaindigbob
@_date: 2017-11-23 07:50:16
I posted another reply to OP about the gender stuff - basically that's a super sensationalist headline and all we did was specify that discrimination based on gender identity is not allowed in our existing discrimination laws.  So now that's equal to discriminating based on religion or gender. You're not going to get arrested because you accidentally called someone something they're not, it's more aimed at intentional discrimination - such as firing someone from a job on grounds of gender identity.  Edit: [here’s]( a better story if you wanted to read a less biased take on it. 
I would say almost all of Canada's "behind the times" characteristics come from how damn spread out our country is. You might find its similar to sparsely populated areas of the US, but I don't know for sure.
First off, the cost of living is higher here. Food, alcohol, basic items, all have a bit of a higher cost because they either need to be imported or transported a very far distance. Nothing is crazy, but the first thing Canadians notice when they travel to the US is how cheap most things are.
I'd say second most important thing is our stupid telecommunications companies. While you guys have it pretty bad with Comcast and stuff, you'd be shocked what we pay for a shit home internet or mobile internet plan. Home internet has been getting slightly better lately, but mobile internet is still garbage (I pay $90/month for 2GB of data and 300 minutes). There's 3 big companies here that pretty much don't compete with each other at all, and there's not much we can do about it. 
Another thing that isn't looking great for Canada's future is how much we rely on fossil fuels. The tide is starting to shift, but a good portion of our economy is still based around oil. While we have the cleanest extraction and processing in the world, we still seem to get the most global pressure since for whatever reason, the Alberta oilfields are one of the most prolific extraction sites in the world. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 07:32:20
Just FYI, the two things you posted are super localised. The first article is about real estate prices in costal British Columbia, and the second article is about the LCBO, which controls alcohol sales in one province (Ontario).  Living in a city in Alberta, neither of these affect me.
Not saying everything is all sunshine and rainbows in Canada (its not anywhere for that matter), but these are really bad examples. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 07:39:23
That headline is *extremely* sensationalist if you read the article.  The bill added some notes on gender to our charter so that it is now illegal to discriminate based on an individual's gender identification. 
It *does not* give law enforcement the ability to arrest someone for using the incorrect gender pronoun, as is suggested by the headline. It just means that (for example) you can't bully or fire someone because they identify as transgender. Same way you can't bully or fire someone because they're a female, or Jewish. Doesn't seem so horrible to me. 
Also, Canada is not without its issues, but that's just really not a good example. 
Edit: [here]( is a much better story on that bill, which is actually from a reputable news source. The biggest issue that people had with the bill was its vague definitions, which I think is a fair criticism. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 14:45:30
True. And they are always changing, so setting them in stone would have probably been a bad idea. However, vague laws are still worrying. 
@_date: 2017-11-23 14:43:24
I actually wasn’t aware of the definitions coming from the ontario human rights commission. Reading through the link to that website though (your first link is giving me a 404), I'm not too worried. I think the most relevant point is this


The key words here are *refusing* and *purposely*. Again, I think this goes against the title from your daily signal article that seems to suggest that it's illegal to make a mistake. 
The Vancouver Police article is interesting, I don’t remember hearing about that at the time.  I want to do a bit more reading about it, but from that article, I kind of can infer that the person being arrested was asking to be called one thing, but was purposely being called another.  Again, this has the intent I mentioned  
The biggest thing that you might not be aware of is that Canada doesn't have outright free speech. Our free speech ends as soon as you're infringing on someone else's rights, so things like hate speech are illegal. This doesn't mean we can't protest or have discussions, but when things are done in a hateful manner, it's no longer free speech and can be classified as discrimination. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 10:20:26


Not always the case. Amazon has been in the red for most of its existence, but if you ran away from your investments in Amazon 15 years ago, you'd be kicking yourself. Companies that run this way are definitely high-risk investments, but that doesn't mean they're bad. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 18:21:20
I get your point but I think it's too early to say that Tesla/SpaceX aren't having a similar effect. If I had asked you a couple years into Amazon's online book sales if they were going to change the world, you'd probably call bullshit. 
Tesla/SpaceX are on a different timescale for sure - if they do change the way we live, it'll take 10-50 years longer than Amazon could do it in. 
If in 30 years, electric car charging stations outnumber gas stations, and there's trips to Mars available, I think you'd say they made a bigger overall change. 