@_author: captchadd
@_date: 2015-06-15 20:49:49
Sorry :-)
@_date: 2015-06-15 12:21:13
Hi there,
I thought I would clear up any misunderstanding; with the first section about Bitcoin I made no assertions at all, I was just giving anyone reading a point of reference for the basis of the idea.
I never at all said that Bitcoin was not a financial product (I bought a Steam Code with BTC two days ago) or service; in fact I was saying that Bitcoin could perform better if it promoted itself more as a rare commodity which as you know is a product. Not sure where you got that information or vibe from in my first section of my comment below but I am sorry if I have annoyed you in anyway.
Anyway, a very brief look at my years since I first heard about Bitcoin. I managed to take BBQcoin from a "Joke" coin and get it onto multiple exchanges and during that time I released and still develop for Extremecoin and recently was offered a programmer position in the Unotanium Development team and have been involved in Crypto-Currency since early 2011, when the diff of Bitcoin was 6 million and the diff of Litecoin was 1.
I only mention that so that you have the understanding that I have not just read one White paper about block-chain formulation or read one article about Bitcoin in New Scientist.
I have been involved on a daily basis from 2011 till 2013 while learning about effective trading with the original little core fan community Bitcoin and Litecoin had at the time and I have not looked back since.
I have constantly been learning about new ways to utilise the Bitcoin network and P2P in general and I will never stop being fascinated by Bitcoin.
All I know is that my first and foremost skill set, is product marketing and understanding the general public; their wants and their needs.
I didn't have to write that comment that I did just below this one but I did because I actually care about Bitcoin and sometimes when you are passionate about eventually us all having a Global Digital Cryptographic near instant payment system that also still stays true to its Open Source roots and strives for Global Equality. Its hard not to be excited about the future of every system the government's have, being either handed over the the P2People or as an example, the Emergency Services being privatised.
It was just an idea, that was all and it might even be a silly one but hey, you never know, maybe Bitcoin could openly devote itself to being a rare commodity, shifting focus onto extremely secure storage systems and Litecoin could be the Currency that is backed by it or any other even faster currency.
One thing that is a fact, Bitcoin cannot be a Currency and a Commodity (Totally different in everyway) so at some point, the development team might be forced to choose in which direction they want to go in with my hope and opinion being that they choose commodity.
@_date: 2015-06-15 08:15:29
The Bitcoin Developers and the very silent Bitcoin Foundation seem reluctant to market and promote Bitcoin for what is really is; a rare Crypto-Commodity.
It has all the characteristics of for example Gold. It is rare, many countries back their physical currency with a commodity to increase faith in they currencies value and also like Gold, it is slow and does have some risk when transporting / transacting but namely only through greedy third parties.
Both Bitcoin and Litecoin need to make up their minds that they want to bbe because there are already succesful delibretly promoted as a rare digital version of Physical Gold. (No, not talking about BitGold)
We also have now a handful of secure, anonymous and fast confirmation Crypto-Currencies so it is only really a matter of time before two of these teams form a partnership. 
A Crypto-Currency backed by a rare Crypto-Commodity will be the next generation of commodity backed Digital currencies which will decrease trading price volatility, reduce the amount of hoarding of the currency, as if they want a long term investment, then they should be buying the digital commodities.
I have always been a supporter of Bitcoin, as it helped to get Open Source Software into the mainstream limelight but no matter how brilliant the innovation was with Bitcoin, it has to be followed up with a constant ability to adapt to the constantly changing financial and technological trends.
What would you like the Bitcoin team to focus on with Bitcoin's promotion?
A slow and confirmation time slightly unreliable or a soon to be Ultra rare Crypto-Commodity, of which many will use to back upcoming projects.
@_date: 2014-07-19 21:37:43
Money Laundering!!! The USD is one of the worse over printed and laundered currencies in the world.
They are scared and that is the truth.
Scared that they might lose some of their control over use and we might create some form of currency revolution.
Well it is happening, whether they like it or not.