@_author: capt_roger_murdock
@_date: 2016-08-16 21:45:54


You mean 8MB, right?  


That argument seems self-defeating to me.  Keep in mind that Unlimited doesn't really *do* anything; it's simply a tool for facilitating certain kinds of block size limit related code changes. But obviously Bitcoin is open source software so BU doesn't give miners and node operators any new power that they didn't already possess. It simply lowers the (in any case, unsustainable) "inconvenience barrier" to exercising that power.  See also [this post]( which concludes: "If you're convinced that the emergent limit of a BU-type approach would "run away" in some profoundly unhealthy manner, then why do you expect Core to be able to hold the line? In other words, if miners' incentives, *once BU is widely-adopted*, would be to ratchet up the block size to "unhealthy" levels, why isn't their incentive *right now* to abandon Core and move to an implementation like BU that would allow them to pursue that strategy?"


Not necessarily. It's true that larger blocks will, all else equal, increase the cost of running a full node. But larger blocks may also increase the number of people who want to run a full node by increasing the network's utility. (What good does it do an individual user to be able to run a full node for an inter-bank settlement network that they can't afford to actually use themselves?)


I can understand that as a *long-term* concern, but the world that I'm imagining, a world in which we raise the limit to something like 8-MB to buy us a few years' worth of "breathing room," is not a world in which "only large, easily regulated servers and data centers" can afford to run full nodes.  


But again, the tradeoffs involved *can't* be "sidestepped" because layer two solutions, by definition, involve additional risks, and, with something like the LN, those risks are greater the more the main chain is constrained.  
@_date: 2016-08-15 04:16:28


Well, it's rarely explicit, but I've certainly seen lots of people who *appear* to be making that assumption based on the way they discuss "off-chain scaling." But to the extent that you're right and most people involved in the discussion understand that there are unavoidable tradeoffs involved here and that "off-chain scaling" isn't a panacea, that's great news.  


Sure, there's always going to be a balance between on-chain and off-chain payments. The full security of an on-blockchain transaction is expensive.   I expect that if Bitcoin succeeds in becoming a unit-of-account money, the vast majority of transactions will eventually occur off-chain.  But again, we should all be clear on the following point (and it sounds like maybe we are): if the main-chain is constrained more than is optimal, that will result in an unavoidable deadweight loss.  
@_date: 2016-08-15 15:38:27
Unlike a lot of "big-blockers," I fully agree that Bitcoin's most important use cases aren't very fee sensitive.  Borrowing from a recent comment of mine:




 
And so I'm not sure that keeping the 1-MB limit in place *is* "erring on the side of caution." To me, the cautious approach would be a modest increase that would allow Bitcoin to continue operating in the way it had been operating up until a few months ago, by allowing blocks to continue to grow at the [relatively gradual pace they've grown at since Bitcoin's inception.]( My intuition is that Bitcoin's main vulnerability is that it's still *tiny*. It's got a 10 billion market cap and maybe a few million users worldwide. That is nothing in the scheme of things. Bitcoin is benefiting from its first-mover advantage as the world's first and still-largest cryptocurrency. But that advantage isn't yet big enough in absolute terms to make it impervious to challenges from would-be competitors. And Bitcoin doesn't yet have enough stakeholders who are committed to its success to help make it resilient to political attack. It hasn't "crossed the chasm" yet if you want to get all buzzword-y. It needs to grow. Rising fees and a crappy user experience aren't helpful towards that end right now. An immediate increase in the limit to something like 8MB would give us at least a few years of breathing room, which (we hope) might be accompanied by another order of magnitude increase (or two) in Bitcoin's adoption and market cap, both of which would make Bitcoin that much more resilient.  (That breathing room would also allow for the continued development and testing of both "layer two" solutions and improvements like Xthin / Compact Blocks that facilitate on-chain scaling.)
Also, re: your point that we can't know what the "optimal" limit is, I agree! No one individual can know that (and it's almost certainly a constantly-moving target as conditions change).  That's why I strongly believe that we should stop treating the block size limit as a "hard-coded consensus parameter" and instead allow the limit to be determined via a flexible, emergent (and decentralized) manner by adopting a Bitcoin Unlimited-type approach. 
@_date: 2016-08-14 22:53:29
Recommended reading: 
* ["Why 'off-chain scaling' cannot eliminate the need for main-chain scaling"](
* ["The LN is 'fractional-teller banking'"](
@_date: 2016-04-24 04:52:39
I disagree that artificially incentivizing people to treat money like a hot potato is a good thing.  You don't need to encourage people to spend money.  Spending money is literally all that it's good for. So it's always a question of how you choose to allocate that spending across time, how much to spend today vs. tomorrow vs. next year, etc.  Also consider that money isn't wealth. Instead, it allows you to make a *claim* on scarce, real resources.  Money is an *accounting system* for facilitating the exchange of those resources by serving as a credible record of value given but not yet received.  When you "just sit on money," the resources that you could have claimed remain available to be used by others -- whether for immediate consumption or investment.  You have in effect *loaned* them to the rest of society.  So if we had a system with a fixed money supply, it makes sense to me that the purchasing power of that money should increase over time as the economy grows.  In that scenario, the deflation rate is essentially the market-determined "interest rate" on a very low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time (by spending the money).
Or think about it from the opposite angle -- why an inflationary money supply doesn't make sense. Again, money is supposed to represent a credible signal of value given but not yet received. If there's an entity that can simply print new money into existence at essentially zero cost, the message carried by that new money is going to be a false one.
@_date: 2015-12-30 16:10:53


But I'm assuming that it is a 51% attack (e.g. it includes double spends). Also, it occurs to me that in addition to the attack costing more in terms of foregone fees, honest miners would have an easier time responding to the attack by themselves making smaller blocks.  (They essentially have extra hash power in reserve that they could draw on.)
@_date: 2015-12-30 16:35:37


If you really believe that, then it's precisely that dynamic that would *guarantee* that Bitcoin eventually replaces fiat as money.  If "everyone" wants to immediately spend their fiat and hold Bitcoin, you end up with people who only have Bitcoin to spend (they immediately converted any fiat they received to Bitcoin).  They'll spend Bitcoin because they have no choice.  (And obviously the entire point of holding Bitcoin or any other form of money is to eventually exchange it for useful goods and services.)  And people who have fiat and want to spend it will have a difficult time doing so.  The merchant they're trying to buy from will (like everyone else in this hypothetical) prefer to hold Bitcoin.  The point is that the willingness to spend money is a given. (Ultimately, that's all you can really do with money.)  The willingness to *hold* money; *that's* what difficult to create.
@_date: 2015-12-28 18:08:50


[Now you begin to see the truth.](
@_date: 2015-06-29 13:27:42
I like to think that I'm already rich; I'm just waiting on the rest of the world to figure that out.  
@_date: 2015-12-02 00:14:09


Bitcoin only obviates the need for money substitutes to the extent it scales as a payment network. I'm optimistic about Bitcoin's ability to scale but I'm extremely skeptical that it will scale to the point that it will make sense for ALL transactions to occur directly on the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-12-31 19:15:24


I don't think it's fair to attribute Bitcoin's current volatility to its "monetary policy." It's volatile because it's still a very tiny experiment with an uncertain future. Predictions about Bitcoin's future range from it literally becoming worthless at one extreme to "taking over the world" and completely replacing fiat at the other (which obviously implies a future valuation several orders of magnitude higher than the current one). The price discovery process for something like that is necessarily going to be a messy one. Or think of it like this: Bitcoin isn't "too volatile to be money"; it's not yet money enough to be not volatile.


You can't make backups of your physical banknotes (or they'll call you a counterfeiter), can't encrypt them, and can't use the equivalent of multi-sig or Shamir's secret sharing algorithm to eliminate the loss of those unique physical items as a single point of failure. You CAN do all of those things with Bitcoin. So I think there are some very important differences in the respective security profiles of Bitcoin and cash. And even if you decide to use a bank-like service with Bitcoin, Bitcoin's programmable nature means that you have more options than you had with fiat, including options that minimize the counterparty risk you're exposed to when you use those services. You can store a paper bitcoin wallet in a bank's vault just as easily as a gold bar, but you can't encrypt the gold bar or store a backup of that same bar in a second secure location. Nor does fiat allow for M-of-N-type services where the bank is never given complete control of your funds. And even if using a "Bitcoin bank" exposes you to some counterparty risk, you're not exposed to *central bank* counterpary risk. 


I think a proper accounting of the "social cost" of central banking would show it to be far higher.


True, although some of us who vehemently oppose things like the drug war see this aspect of censorship resistance as a benefit.


I don't see that scenario as likely. FRB only operates to expand the money supply when the IOUs for money begin to be treated as the equivalent of money. But this will only occur when the IOUs provide a transactional advantage over the actual money sufficient to compensate for the risk of default. Bitcoin IOUs don't provide a significant transactional advantage over actual bitcoins. (Although this may change if bitcoin is not able to scale in a way that keeps on-blockchain transaction fees reasonably low.) Also, there's no system of implicit and explicit governmental guarantees that would back up the issuers of Bitcoin IOUs to make you indifferent as between the two. And even if the government wanted to make such a guarantee, they couldn't do so credibly precisely because they can't simply conjure new bitcoins into existence. 
@_date: 2015-12-30 19:11:04
Obviously, Bitcoin can scale *somewhat.* In fact, I'd say it can pretty obviously scale a great deal from where it is today. But exactly how much and how fast it scales will determine how affordable trustless, on-blockchain transactions will be as usage increases. In any case, concerns about exactly how scalable Bitcoin will prove to be shouldn't make us lose sight of the following: *with fiat, trustless transactions aren't even possible.* In other words, it doesn't make sense to compare Bitcoin's on-blockchain transactional capacity with the transactional capacity of, for example, the VISA network. You can obviously build a credit / banking / IOU layer on top of Bitcoin -- just as there exists such a layer with fiat. The difference is that with fiat, it's IOUs all the way down; there's no trustless, reliably-scarce monetary base at the bottom.
The real problem with the "settlement network or payment network" debate is that it's something of a false dichotomy. There's no question that Bitcoin is suitable for use as a settlement network and can provide tremendous value in that capacity. But I hope and suspect that it will *also* continue to be suitable for use as a payment network, *at least for payments of a certain size.* Now in practice, that might mean mortgage payments and not cups of coffee. **But where exactly that line falls is something that I want to see determined by the market and not central planning.**
@_date: 2015-12-05 05:29:09


Yes, but it can only serve those functions if it's eventually spent.  The point is that money's utility comes entirely from your ability to exchange it for other things. If I gave you a million bucks in cash but made you promise never to exchange it for anything else, it would be essentially worthless to you. It wouldn't act as a store of value because you'd never be able to actually access that value. 


Ok, but that's the very heart of my argument.  


Let's say you're a high school kid who spends all summer mowing lawns to save up enough money to buy a used car.  At the end of the summer, you're in the position of having given real value to all those people who got to enjoy their freshly-mowed lawns.  But what value have you received in return? Some little green pieces of paper with dead presidents on them? That doesn't sound like a fair trade, and that's because the *real* trade isn't completed until you buy the car. As long as you hold that money, you're in the position of a creditor with respect to the rest of society.  Let's say that you now decide that you'll actually hold off on buying the car for a year.  The car that you would have bought (or the resources that would have gone into producing it) now remain available to be used by someone else for another year.  How does this implicit loan / investment actually manifest itself? Well, when you hold money, that money is temporarily not chasing scarce resources.  Less money chasing the same amount of real resources means lower prices for those who do choose to spend now.  


Well, because if your savings are increasing in value because the currency unit is increasing in value, that's nice. But if you can also increase the quantity of your savings by profitably lending or investing them, that's even better.  But if you don't have the skill to identify an investment that can beat the average return (represented by the deflation rate), then you *shouldn't* be making any specific investments.  By sitting on your money, you allow someone else who's better at investing to allocate the scarce real resources that you could have purchased.  


Well, yeah. That would end their racket.  A smart parasite doesn't kill its host.  :)
@_date: 2015-12-30 17:02:57
Here is my thought process.  All fees incentivize hashing.  And all hashing contributes to security.  Because the level of security is really just the cost of a 51% attack, no?  Now you might think, well, to the extent that hashing power spent producing orphaned blocks "could have" been spent creating un-orphaned blocks, orphaning is associated with a reduction in difficulty. And lower difficulty means that it would be less expensive to acquire the necessary hardware for a 51% attack, no? (The attacker can make his attack blocks lean and mean so that they're not subject to the same orphan risk as honest miners.) But making small blocks when there are lots of fee-paying transactions to be had (the whole reason that other miners are bearing the risk of orphaning and making larger blocks) is *itself* a kind of cost. Furthermore, honest miners would have an easier time responding to a lean-block 51% attack by themselves making smaller blocks to counter it. (They essentially have extra hash power in reserve that they could draw on.) So no, I don't see how orphaning risk reduces PoW security in any real meaningful way. What do you think?
@_date: 2015-12-31 20:41:23
Thanks, dude!
@_date: 2015-12-04 22:22:00


If a bucket's purpose is to transport water not store it, does it not matter that it leaks? You might still be able to use it for the intended purpose (if the distance you're carrying it is short enough that the bucket's not completely empty by the time you arrive), but the more it leaks the less well it functions. 
@_date: 2015-06-06 17:31:30


I can answer that. It is way, way, WAY too early for Bitcoin's primary utility to come from its use as a (direct) medium of exchange.  Success as a direct medium of exchange requires a much, much larger network effect. We'll be in the speculative investment / gold-like store of value stage for a long while yet. [This comment]( nails it.
@_date: 2015-12-30 06:15:48


The solution is recognizing that they *don't* control "the" code.  Anyone can run whatever code they want.  Stop asking for permission.
@_date: 2015-12-05 01:36:23
From a previous comment of mine:




@_date: 2015-12-03 20:08:29
Given the demographics of most Bitcoin enthusiasts, I imagine she wouldn't have too much trouble figuring out a way to support herself.
@_date: 2015-12-05 21:04:17


I think the analogy works pretty well to make the point I wanted to make.  Obviously, in order for money to transfer value, it has to store most of that value for *at least some reasonable length of time* if the system is going to work. So I think the better objection is that my point is sort of a trivial one. Obviously, a currency that is experiencing hyperinflation is not going to work as money -- just like a bucket with no bottom can't be used effectively to transfer value.  But that doesn't establish that a small amount of inflation is a bad thing. Maybe you *want* a little leak in people's buckets because that will incentivize them to run faster.  And maybe you analogize that to stimulating investment. 


Haha, yeah I actually think that works. I'd probably analogize evaporation to inflation that's natural, unavoidable, predictable.  So in a gold-based monetary system, that would be like the annual increase in the gold supply from mining.  


They don't necessarily prove anything. But I think they can very helpful / persuasive if they're good analogies.  In any case, my real argument for why I believe a fixed-supply money makes sense is set forth [here]( and [here](
@_date: 2015-12-11 02:33:14
WTF dude?! Are you trying to get us both banned?! You're not supposed to *share* your comment doc with others. (The one exception, of course, is the mods. They'll obviously need to review it periodically to make sure it's free of thoughtcrime.)
@_date: 2015-12-11 23:09:26
People are going to get hung up on the "store of value" language because of Bitcoin's current volatility. But I agree with the gist of your post. I might say that bitcoin's killer app is a speculative bet that Bitcoin's monetary properties (which in short, combine the reliable scarcity of a commodity with the transactional efficiency of a purely-digital medium) will allow Bitcoin, over time, to outcompete other forms of money that lack those properties. 
@_date: 2015-12-30 22:38:40
Well, sure, in some sense, there doesn't "need" to be.  Obviously, economic exchange was possible in a pre-Bitcoin world.  The real question is whether Bitcoin's properties (which, in short, combine the reliable scarcity of a commodity with the transactional convenience of a purely-digital medium) will allow it, over time, to gain market share against other forms of money that lack those properties (e.g., fiat currencies and precious metals).  More thoughts on Bitcoin's value proposition [here](
@_date: 2015-06-29 15:31:04
10 BTC for one? Are you insane? That'd be a fair price for the *dealership*.
@_date: 2015-06-21 18:54:29


How does that argument go?
@_date: 2015-12-10 21:30:30
Nothing. We should probably hide comments too.  Why do you need to know what other people think about something? And why do you care what other people think about your comments? I say we all just open up a Word document on our desktops and put our comments there.
@_date: 2015-06-28 14:52:01
Barry Silbert in December 2013: "We're three to six months away from Wall Street dollars moving into Bitcoin in a big way."
@_date: 2015-12-30 23:32:15
Thanks Erik! You've been my favorite Bitcoin commentator for a long time. (It was your "Libertarian Introduction to Bitcoin" that convinced me to buy my first coins back in 2012.) Give me a shout if you're ever looking for an attorney.  
@_date: 2015-06-07 19:54:24


No, off-chain transaction is another word for off-chain transaction. The bottom line is that Bitcoin the blockchain can obviously scale *somewhat*. How much and how fast it scales will determine how cheap trustless, on-blockchain transactions will be as usage increases. But even if it scales slowly such that a lot of small, day-to-day transactions occur off-blockchain, Bitcoin will still be providing a lot of utility. You can build a banking / IOU layer on top of Bitcoin -- just as there exists such a layer with fiat. The difference is that with fiat, it's IOUs all the way down. There's no trustless, reliably-scarce monetary base at the bottom.
@_date: 2015-06-28 14:20:46


Well, I think the answer to that depends on the other technologies you have in mind.  But I think some important similarities are the fact that they're both open, extensible networks that allow "innovation at the edge."  The internet is a decentralized network for the transfer of *information* whereas Bitcoin is a decentralized network for the transfer of *value*.  And because they're both networks, they're both subject to strong network effects -- they both become more useful the more people use them.  


You could also look at that situation and say that "fiat sucks hard to sell." I'm only being halfway facetious. The fact is that most of the friction that's involved in fiat &lt;--&gt; bitcoin exchanges exists on the fiat side.  Most of the remaining friction arises from the fact that Bitcoin is still small with only a few million users.  More users = more businesses catering to people who want to buy bitcoins and more opportunities for in-person purchases through friends, family, Mycelium Local Trader, LocalBitcoins, etc.
@_date: 2015-12-29 17:41:01
Who's "they" and what is it that they know will happen?
@_date: 2015-06-28 02:48:38
See what you think of my comment [here](
@_date: 2015-12-31 06:57:02
A central entity *claiming* that right for itself wouldn't be a problem. The problem only comes about if too many people mistakenly believe that a particular entity has such authority, or grant it excessive deference. The truth is that all any developer or group of developers can do is provide *suggested* Schelling points with respect to parameters like maximum block size about which consensus *may* converge -- provided the suggestion is sufficiently acceptable to a large enough portion of the Bitcoin network. But the fact that no one individual or entity is really in control of Bitcoin is difficult for some to grasp. 
@_date: 2015-06-06 14:03:33
Dude, 10 million per coin gives a "market cap" of 200 trillion dollars.  I see that figure thrown around as an estimate of total global *wealth*, not money, wealth. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 20:02:50


The "transactions per second" you're referring to are trustless, on-blockchain, settlement-type transactions.  How many trustless transactions per second can you do with digital fiat?  Well, zero.  They're simply not possible.  So it doesn't make sense to compare Bitcoin's capacity for trustless, on-blockchain transactions with the number of transactions per second that, e.g. the VISA network can process.  It's apples and oranges. Moreover, the Bitcoin blockchain's transactional processing capacity can obviously scale *somewhat*.  How much and how fast it scales will determine how cheap trustless, on-blockchain transactions will be as usage increases. But even if it scales slowly relative to adoption such that a lot of small, day-to-day transactions occur off-blockchain, Bitcoin will still be providing a lot of utility. You can build a banking / IOU layer on top of Bitcoin -- just as there exists such a layer with fiat. $.01 (See?)  The difference is that with fiat, it's IOUs all the way down. There's no trustless, reliably-scarce monetary base at the bottom.


See [this thread](
@_date: 2015-06-13 15:07:30
My take: [Two Approaches to Conceptualizing Bitcoin's Core Value Proposition](
The tl;dr is that Bitcoin's core value proposition is that it is (a) the first form of money to allow trustless value transfer and storage and (b) the first form of money to combine the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium.
@_date: 2015-06-20 07:23:20
The fact that you can reduce your exposure to the theft by not holding cash and instead lending your dollars at interest doesn't change the fact that arbitrary expansion of the money supply is theft. Not to mention the fact that the interest rate you'll receive is artificially depressed as a result of Fed manipulation, manipulation that's made possible by their ability to "lend" new money into existence.
@_date: 2015-06-28 08:58:45


Bitcoin solves the [problem of trust](
@_date: 2015-06-11 15:13:55
Although the original Silk Road seems like a better fit for the Obi-Wan character. "If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine."
@_date: 2015-12-31 00:19:33
Oh I absolutely agree that a straightforward duplication of 100% centralized full-trust-required fiat models would be somewhat "boring." But my point is that even if that were all that were possible, Bitcoin as an improved settlement layer would still be providing tremendous value. But yes, Bitcoin makes entirely new models possible which makes it even more exciting.
@_date: 2015-12-30 15:48:24
Isn't the level of security just the cost of a 51% attack?  To the extent that hashing power spent producing orphaned blocks "could have" been spent creating un-orphaned blocks, orphaning is associated with a reduction in difficulty.  Lower difficulty means that it would be less expensive to acquire the necessary hardware for a 51% attack, no? (The attacker can make his attack blocks lean and mean so that they're not subject to the same orphan risk as honest miners.) But making small blocks when there are lots of fee-paying transactions to be had is *itself* a kind of cost.  So I guess my intuition is that orphaning risk *doesn't* reduce PoW security in any meaningful way.  Thoughts?
@_date: 2015-06-29 13:51:54


Ah, ok, now I see what you're getting at.  So just to expand the analogy a little further, let's say that the Prius is parked 20 minutes away.  So if you're attempting to save money on gas, driving the SUV to pick it up won't make sense for most short trips (day-to-day spending), but it will make sense for longer trips (long-term value storage) and for special trips that require travel on certain Prius-only roads (e.g., "trips" on the Silk Road).  The network effect for Bitcoin getting larger is like the Prius getting closer and closer to the house, thereby making a greater number of trips with it feasible.  And complete, currency-level adoption is like the Prius getting so close to the house that it's parked right outside and you no longer need the SUV.


Well, maybe. That's the twenty trillion dollar question. I think that Bitcoin's design combined with its head start over other cryptos *might* make it an inherently good store of value.  That's not to say that I think Bitcoin won't be hugely volatile for the foreseeable future, making it an unreliable "store of value" over the short and medium term.  But if Bitcoin is successful we can expect its value to consistently increase over the *long term*.


The purchasing power of Bitcoin will never stabilize *completely* (not that we'd want it to), but it seems obvious that greater adoption and a larger valuation should lead to less volatility.  So picking an extreme case to illustrate the point, if we imagine that Bitcoin has been wildly successful and become money worldwide such that billions of prices / salaries are denominated directly in Bitcoin, all those prices would provide a strong anchoring effect around Bitcoin's purchasing power.  Plus, in that scenario, there'd obviously be a lot less uncertainty about how big Bitcoin would be in the future, making market consensus on its valuation much more stable.


It seems pretty straightforward to me.  More people adopting Bitcoin as a store of value means more people (including merchants) wanting to hold Bitcoin.  Merchants who want to hold Bitcoin could just sell their goods and services for fiat and then buy Bitcoin with the fiat, but that introduces unnecessary friction.  Easier instead simply to offer to accept Bitcoin directly.


The incentive is that you can't eat bitcoins.  The only thing they're good for is purchasing other things.  That's the whole reason you wanted them in the first place.  So it's not a question of spending versus not spending. It's always a question of how to allocate your spending across time -- how much to spend today versus tomorrow versus next year.  You could just as easily ask why people ever spend fiat on consumption now when they know that they could put that money in an index fund or some other investment and grow its purchasing power an average of x% per year.  


But my point is that money isn't really what's invested. When you build a factory for example, what's really invested in its construction are scarce resources like labor, lumber, steel, etc.  Again, money isn't wealth.  It's an accounting system for facilitating the exchange of wealth.  Imagine a high school kid that mows 50 lawns over the summer to earn enough to buy a used car.  The "real" economic exchange there is 50 mowed lawns for 1 used car.  Money is just the medium of exchange that makes it possible for that trade to occur across multiple parties and across time.  (Barter would be a little trickier given the difficulty of finding a guy who a) has the car you want to buy; b) wants to sell it; and c) has 50 lawns that need mowing.) Now imagine that the kid decides not to immediately buy the used car but to instead wait a year.  Well, he has now given value for which he has yet to receive any kind of real satisfaction.  (The green pieces of paper in his wallet are obviously not what he really wants.) And that also means that someone else gets to enjoy the use of that car for another year.  The kid has thus effectively *loaned* the value of his services as represented by that car to society.  That's why it makes sense to me that money's purchasing power should increase over time.  Deflation is simply the "interest" on a kind of low-risk loan.
@_date: 2015-12-30 23:15:28


Sure, it's arbitrary in the sense that it would be trivial to change one line of code and give yourself a bajillion "bitcoins."  But no one else would recognize those coins as legitimate so it would be pointless.  Money is essentially an economic language.  Language is a protocol for communicating all kinds of information, whereas money is a protocol for communicating *credible* information *about value*. And both money and language derive the vast majority of their usefulness / value from network effects. You're free to invent all the new words you want or break the "rules" of grammar in any number of ways, but if you don't get people to go along you're just a crazy person talking to yourself.  In other words, saying that Bitcoin's scarcity isn't "real" is sort of like saying that "apple" doesn't *really* mean apple.  True in a sense I suppose, but it sort of misses the point.
@_date: 2015-12-29 05:51:33
There may not be a long-term compromise position, but that doesn't mean there isn't one today.  Specifically, re: your number 1, you could think that the block size limit will *eventually* need to be somewhere below the actual level of demand for transactional capacity, but that we're not there yet such that it can be safely raised.  Personally, I'm in the ["there is no block size limit"]( camp.
@_date: 2015-06-29 00:14:10


I'm not sure I can give you a better answer than I gave in [this comment]( (not sure if you already read it).  In short, I don't agree that avoiding financial censorship or inflation are "niche" issues that affect only a "small minority of people." I think they affect everyone.


I think [this comment]( by lays out a pretty good possible adoption path.  


So, I addressed transaction speed in my previous comment.  And I don't think Bitcoin's volatility is really a "unique" problem.  Its volatility is really just a symptom of its small size and the fact that it's still very much an experiment with an uncertain future.  The longer it survives without dying (thereby proving its staying power) and the bigger it gets the less volatile it should become.  More generally, you might be interested in [this comment]( of mine which takes a very high-level look at some of the most common economic and technical objections to Bitcoin.


Dude, that's like arguing that a person who wants to spend less money on gas won't be helped by trading in their gas-guzzling SUV for a Prius because, after all, they'll still have to *drive* the SUV to the Toyota dealership to do the exchange.  Besides, if you're really worried about being exposed to counterparty risk from an exchange for the period of time after you deposit your fiat and before you withdraw your coins to your own control, you can always mitigate that risk by breaking your purchases up into smaller buys (e.g., deposit $200 to exchange, buy coins, withdraw coins to your own control, repeat). 
@_date: 2015-06-07 20:05:41
Scarcity alone doesn't have value. But it's absolutely one of the requirements for a useful / valuable money.  Even fiat requires scarcity to be valuable. If it didn't, why bother with anti-counterfeiting laws? More thoughts [here](
@_date: 2015-06-17 12:24:22
@_date: 2014-12-05 15:37:24


Could you point me to the lines of code you're referring to?
@_date: 2014-08-06 21:49:11


@_date: 2015-06-23 19:00:32
Bitcoin is revolutionary because it's (a) the first form of money to allow trustless value transfer and storage and (b) the first form of money to combine the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium.  More [here](
@_date: 2015-06-26 18:09:52


Gold is certainly scarce, but it's less reliably scarce than Bitcoin.  If there's a sudden breakthrough in gold mining technology, there's no way to automatically adjust the gold mining "difficulty" to prevent a supply shock and the resulting devaluation.  


More like *billions* of people.  But sure, gold certainly has a far larger network effect than Bitcoin. Of course, it did have a several thousand year head start.  


I don't see why that's a bad thing. 


Sure, it's trivial to create an alt-ledger.  The code is all open source so feel free to tweak a few parameters and release "bitofsensecoin" on the world.  What's *not* trivial is convincing other people to use and value it.  It's sort of like how it would be trivial to invent your own language but not to convince others to speak it.


Well, that wouldn't really make any sense. The purpose of the email protocol is to transfer (non-scarce) information.  The purpose of Bitcoin is to transfer *value*.  So of course the currency units need to have value.  But the email protocol *is* a good example of network effects.  I'm sure there are an almost-infinite number of ways that you could design such a protocol, but only a small number of such protocols are in wide use.   
@_date: 2014-05-04 14:41:26
So there are two types of transactions you might want a currency to enable: (1) in-person transactions that don't require electricity / internet and (2) transactions at a distance that will require electricity / internet. 
You can do type 1 transactions with gold but you can't do type 2 (although you can do transactions for gold IOUs which have the disadvantage of requiring trust). 
With dollars, you can do type 1 transactions (although disadvantageously you ultimately have to trust the central issuer when it comes to holding cash). You can do type 2 transactions as well but you also have to trust the issuer AND you're also really transacting with dollar IOUs requiring trust in another third party (e.g. PayPal).
With bitcoin, you can obviously do type 2 transactions (and you can do so without trusting a central third party). But you can't do type 1 transactions. You could imagine a scenario where you're transacting with physical notes that represent (hopefully counterfeit resistant) IOUs for bitcoins from a trusted central party. You could also imagine the widespread use of Casascius coins (not exactly IOUs for bitcoins but you still have the requirement to make this physical item counterfeit resistant and you still have to trust a third party).
So, all things considered, I think bitcoin compares pretty favorably to alternatives.
@_date: 2014-05-04 22:22:01
Here's my standard comment on deflation. See what you think.
The fixed-supply (deflationary) nature of Bitcoin is a feature, not a bug. Yes, deflation makes saving (deferring consumption) relatively more attractive than immediate consumption. But that's not a bad thing, and it's only half of the story. It also makes acquiring money more attractive. And how does one acquire money (assuming they're not a central bank and can't just create it out of thin air)? By receiving it in exchange for providing valuable goods and services. The easiest way to see that deflation is in fact beneficial is to recognize that **saving money is really just a form of lending.** Money isn’t wealth. It’s an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. In other words, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person’s wants or needs -- you can't eat 100-dollar bills, after all). Thus, when you save money, you are essentially holding an IOU. Imagine that you have enough money to buy a car today but hold off buying the car for a year. In that scenario, that car (or the resources that would have gone into making it) is still available to be immediately used by someone else. You have effectively loaned it to them. And that’s why savers are rewarded with increased purchasing power in an economy that uses sound money. In that kind of economy, **deflation is simply the market-determined interest rate for an extremely low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time** (by spending the money).
@_date: 2014-09-30 22:42:22


Chase Freedom card periodically gives 5% cash back for amazon purchases. I have that as well as the Amazon credit card and use whichever one gives the bigger discount.
@_date: 2014-11-18 21:48:32
Definitely. My point is simply that the network effect is very, very important for money. The more people who accept and use Bitcoin, the more useful it is. This is why Bitcoin will likely continue to dominate over altcoins. But it's also why existing forms of money still have a huge advantage over Bitcoin; they've had a huge head start. I think Bitcoin, because it's so superior in other respects, has a good chance of overcoming the network effect advantage of fiat and gold, but that will take time.
@_date: 2015-06-28 23:51:23


Sort of. The Internet certainly wasn't purpose-built for value transfer. But obviously digital fiat / online banking exist. But in my view, that's a fatally flawed approach because of the requirement for trusted central authorities. (I'll deal with your objections in your other comment to the "trustless" claim in a separate response.)


I don't completely disagree. Bitcoin *isn't* that useful as a medium of exchange right now for most things because usefulness as a direct medium of exchange requires a much larger network effect. If fiat conversion is required on one or both sides that's going to introduce a lot of friction that will usually more than offset any transactional benefits Bitcoin might otherwise offer. A major exception involves censored markets (e.g., illicit drugs, gambling). But in general, bitcoin's primary utility right now is as a speculative asset. But I don't think that's a "niche" use case. Gold's several trillion dollar market cap is predicated almost entirely on its use as a monetary asset / inflationary hedge. Bitcoin is better than gold for that purpose in almost every way (the primary exception being a far smaller network effect).


Bitcoin isn't slower than fiat if you're talking about a true apples-to-apples comparison. Bitcoin the blockchain is a trustless settlement network. Payments become effectively irreversible in less than an hour. In contrast, a credit card payment doesn't become final and irreversible for months. You can certainly build a banking / IOU layer on top of Bitcoin, just as there exists such a network for fiat. The difference is that with fiat, it's IOUs all the way down. There's no trustless, reliably-scarce monetary base at the bottom. And Bitcoin's computational expense is simply how it achieves decentralization. It's not wasted effort. 


Bitcoin doesn't rely on fiat to function. Rather the *world* still relies on fiat to function but that's only because fiat is still money, the most-widely used medium of exchange. If Bitcoin begins to displace fiat, more and more people will hold some amount of value in Bitcoin. And the total valuation will be much higher. The more people that hold some Bitcoin and the higher its total valuation, the less need there will be for people to use fiat as an intermediary. They'll instead be able to trade Bitcoin directly for useful goods and services. But that's obviously many years away (assuming we ever get there at all). Again, a more modest goal in the interim is for Bitcoin to simply steal a significant chunk of gold's market share as a store of value. That alone would support a Bitcoin valuation several hundred times higher than its current one.
@_date: 2014-12-05 18:24:44
Sure, I can believe a college professor would write something this harsh on a student's paper. But an elementary school teacher writing this on a ten-year-old's paper? That I view as considerably less believable. It's not impossible that the story is true. But I view it as extremely unlikely. It seems far more likely that the story is a fabrication designed (very successfully it now appears) to elicit tips from sympathetic and gullible bitcoin enthusiasts. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 19:13:21
Screw "rallying" against the existing power structures. Bitcoin is about routing around them.
@_date: 2014-08-07 19:07:27


Gosh, that *does* sound simple. But sure, the 21 million limit is less "cryptographically protected" than it is "game theory protected." But the notion that that makes the protection somehow less real is absurd. Bitcoin is based on consensus. Everyone gets to determine what rules they want to play by, but you'd better have other people go along with you if you want your version of the network to have any significant value. Personally, I plan to stick with the 21 million hard cap. I have a hunch that I won't be alone in that decision.
@_date: 2014-08-11 22:09:47
Oh, so she was in the process of crossing an imaginary line on a map? Ok, now I'm *really, really* ok with the theft.
@_date: 2014-02-09 13:17:24
As I understand it, not all "work" lends itself to use in a proof-of-work algorithm. The work has to be difficult to do, but very easy to confirm. And there needs to be an easy way to adjust the difficulty level of the work.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:30:56
Sorry, I think I did that tip wrong. It's my first time trying out the service. Hopefully this will work. Let me know if you have any questions. $.50 
@_date: 2014-06-23 22:46:51
Sorry, I'm not clear on the distinction you're attempting to draw.  What do you mean by "optional purchases"?
@_date: 2014-06-09 14:41:54
Very similar thematically to my own standard explanation:
The reason it's so hard for most people to understand Bitcoin is that most people don't really understand money. Money isn't wealth. It's an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. (The paradox of money is that while everyone wants it, no one actually wants it - they want the stuff they can buy with it!) Many people are put off by the fact that bitcoins are "just data." But that's what ALL money is, information! More precisely, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person's wants or needs).
To put it yet another way, money is a ledger. With fiat currencies like the dollar, that ledger is centralized. And that gives the central authority responsible for maintaining that ledger tremendous power, power that history has proven will inevitably be abused. With Bitcoin, the ledger is decentralized. And that means that no one individual or entity has the power to arbitrarily create new units (thereby causing inflation), freeze (or seize) your account, or block a particular payment from being processed. We've had decentralized money before. After all, no one can simply print new gold into existence. And the "ledger" of gold is distributed because the physical gold itself (the "accounting entries" in the metaphor) is distributed. But with gold, that decentralization comes at a heavy price (literally). The physical nature of gold makes it hugely inefficient from a transactional perspective.
Enter Bitcoin.
It is the first currency in the world that is BOTH decentralized AND digital. It is more reliably scarce than gold, more transactionally efficient than "modern" digital banking, and enables greater financial privacy than cash. It could certainly still fail for one reason or another, but if it doesn't, it has the potential to be very, VERY disruptive.
@_date: 2014-05-05 14:10:51
It's not that it's too mature. It's just that a Bitcoin NASCAR sponsorship wouldn't have had the same impact. (The citi financial sponsorship hasn't exactly generated the same excitement as the dogecar.)
@_date: 2014-06-04 16:17:42


This advice from should really be given to anyone who's considering investing a sizable sum. Here's a small amount to use for practice. 500 bits 
@_date: 2014-02-23 03:52:23
Why would it be extraordinarily stupid? Just make a few backup copies and encrypt them. Oh right.
@_date: 2014-02-09 23:57:00


A centralized "Bitcoin-like" system is an oxymoron. Decentralization is Bitcoin's defining characteristic. Enabling individuals to hold and send money without the need for a trusted central authority is the entire point. You can hold bitcoins in your exclusive possession. Unlike dollars in your bank account, bitcoins aren't the equivalent of IOU's. They can't be frozen or seized. They can't be debased. And you can send bitcoins directly to anyone in the world without needing anyone's permission, and no central authority can block or reverse your transaction.
@_date: 2014-07-17 00:00:21
Well, of course, the reality is that both Bitcoin and gold *can* be either incredibly easy to steal or incredibly difficult to steal depending on how they're stored.  But the important point is this: *if you know what you're doing* (an admittedly huge "if" for many non-tech-savvy users in the context of a still-immature technology), bitcoin can be made much, much more difficult to steal than gold.  And a high degree of security can be achieved much more cheaply.  You can put a million dollars worth of gold or a million-dollar bitcoin paper wallet in the same high-security vault.  But you can't encrypt that gold with a password (so I hope you trust the vault's guards).  And you can't make a backup of that gold to enable its recovery if the vault is destroyed.  And you can't use multi-sig on that gold to eliminate that vault as a single point of failure.  
@_date: 2014-11-05 00:13:25
"millibit"? That's some silly shit.
@_date: 2014-12-25 20:38:16


Well, *sort of*. The nature of money is that it *always* requires a constant stream of new *value* coming in. Money isn't wealth. It's more like a societal IOU. It's an accounting system for facilitating exchange by serving as a credible record of value given but not yet received. The people who are looking to access the stored value represented by their "IOUs" (by exchanging them for useful goods and services) always need to find someone willing to take the other side of that trade and provide real value in exchange for (for example) little green pieces of paper, shiny yellow rocks, or digital ledger entries.
See my previous comment on "Ponzis, pyramids, and tulips": 
@_date: 2015-06-18 13:06:31
Here's how I usually explain what Bitcoin is and why it matters:
The reason it's so hard for most people to understand Bitcoin is that most people don't really understand money. Money isn't wealth. It's an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. (The paradox of money is that while everyone wants it, no one actually wants it - they want the stuff they can buy with it!) Many people are put off by the fact that bitcoins are "just zeroes and ones." But that's what ALL money is, information! More precisely, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person's wants or needs).
To put it yet another way, money is a ledger. With fiat currencies like the dollar, that ledger is centralized. And that gives the central authority responsible for maintaining that ledger tremendous power, power that history has proven will inevitably be abused. With Bitcoin, the ledger is decentralized. And that means that no one individual or entity has the power to arbitrarily create new units (thereby causing inflation), freeze (or seize) your account, or block a particular payment from being processed. We've had decentralized money before. After all, no one can simply print new gold into existence. And the "ledger" of gold is distributed because the physical gold itself (the "accounting entries" in the metaphor) is distributed. But with gold, that decentralization comes at a heavy price (literally). The physical nature of gold makes it hugely inefficient from a transactional perspective.
Enter Bitcoin.
It is the first currency in the world that is BOTH decentralized AND digital. It is more reliably scarce than gold, more transactionally efficient than "modern" digital banking, and enables greater financial privacy than cash. It could certainly still fail for one reason or another, but if it doesn't, it has the potential to be very, VERY disruptive.
And here's a somewhat more detailed explanation: [Two Approaches to Conceptualizing Bitcoin's Core Value Proposition](
@_date: 2014-05-13 23:13:21


Yep. And of course the "actual money" itself represents a kind of promise -- the promise of a central bank that they won't debase its purchasing power "too much." And you can only use those methods to send those promises of payment to individuals and entities that your bank, Visa, Paypal choose to *allow* you to.
@_date: 2014-05-14 05:22:11
The dollar in its current form has been around for about 40 years. Saying that fiat currency collapse isn't inevitable because the dollar hasn't collapsed yet is sort of like arguing that death isn't necessarily inevitable because "the people living today haven't died yet." Well, no, but the lack of 5,000-year-olds doesn't inspire confidence.
@_date: 2014-02-04 03:42:47


I think the fact that there's so much invested in it is the *reason* it will likely be able to  successfully adapt.  The protocol is difficult to change *without a good reason* (which is a good thing).  But if an alt began to steal significant market share from Bitcoin due to its use of a superior protocol, that would present a very compelling reason for a change.  


Yeah, I tend to think that there are a lot of people underestimating dogecoin and a lot of people overestimating it. I think Bitcoiners are wrong to dismiss it as a joke. But I also think that the dogecoiners who are convinced that it will displace Bitcoin as king of crypto are delusional.  That's not to say that it couldn't happen -- it's just very, *very* unlikely in my view.  I think the things that have enabled Dogecoin to be as successful as it's been over the past two months will have a very hard time scaling and enduring over the long haul.  


I kind of agree.  I think that the people who believe that "there can be only one" are obviously wrong. There's room in the market for more than one crypto to be successful.  But I do think they're in competition in the sense that they're competing for market share.  My guess is that there will eventually emerge one dominant crypto that commands 80% or so of the market share, two or three others that share another 15%, and then dozens of others that split the remaining 5%.  
@_date: 2014-12-06 14:25:18
I'd suggest returning them to their rightful owner and apologizing for the theft, but I'm guessing that's unlikely.
@_date: 2014-12-06 11:17:58
@_date: 2014-09-05 17:53:21




No, proof of burn doesn't get you a *reputation.* As I understand it, it's a way of demonstrating a commitment to an *identity*, serving as a *temporary* bootstrapping reputation alternative for new accounts that haven't yet had a chance to acquire a reputation, and making it prohibitively expensive to fraudulently acquire a good reputation by creating lots of accounts that give each other good feedback.
@_date: 2014-04-30 15:00:33
Yes! Any interested undergrads / alums can get to work implementing the idea for their school. The nice thing is the idea can be scaled very easily. Organizing an event requiring half a million bucks in fundraising might seem pretty daunting. But it doesn't have to be $100 to every undergrad at a huge university. It could be $20 to every computer science major at a smaller school at much lower cost. That could still have a great impact at sparking interest among future tech innovators. 
@_date: 2014-10-23 12:21:07
The thing to understand there is that, in the case of fiat, the monetary base (physical currency and other central bank money) is only the tip of the iceberg. Because of the practice of fractional reserve banking, the vast majority of the "money supply" is commercial bank money (i.e., commercial bank IOUs for central bank money). The massive inflation of the monetary base that's occurred in the past few years is an attempt to offset the deflation that's occurred on the commercial bank money side.
@_date: 2014-03-02 18:09:39
Well, yeah.  The breach of trust by a third-party middleman shouldn't undermine one's confidence in a currency whose defining characteristic is its elimination of the need for trusted third-party middlemen.  It should be another reminder of why such a currency is needed.  
@_date: 2014-05-05 18:14:07
I'm not quite sure where you're coming from with your comment (which was a little unshibe-like). My point, which wasn't intended as a knock against dogecoin, was simply that this promotion worked a lot *better* and was *more* fun as a dogecoin promotion than it would have been as a bitcoin promotion. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought the entire point of dogecoin was to have fun. That doesn't mean that people can't do fun things with bitcoin. They can, and they should. But dogecoin was tailor-made for this particular promotion. That's all. 
100 bits
@_date: 2014-08-08 21:28:03
For the record, so does Edit: oops, should have read the other comments before posting.
@_date: 2014-03-07 00:00:52
The white paper doesn't say anything disparaging about royal danish cookies.
@_date: 2014-04-22 23:16:04
I thought the point was to rectify the inconvenience of his being *involuntarily* thrust into the media and *portrayed in a false light*. His appearance in this video is entirely voluntary and does not portray him in a false light. To the contrary, it gives him an opportunity to set the record straight. And the intensity of the "spotlight" effect resulting from a Newsweek cover story is likely orders of magnitude greater than any *additional* intensity that will be generated by this little video on r/bitcoin. 
edit: Sorry, just saw what your comment was in response to.  I thought that you were criticizing the fact that this video was made at all rather than simply suggesting that we not go out of our way to plaster it all over the media. I agree with the latter sentiment.    
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:08:41
I know. People should really stop giving her a hard time about the quality of the initial code.
@_date: 2014-06-18 19:55:50
So it was a double-send attack?
@_date: 2014-10-22 01:28:59
Of course, but I'd argue that the dollar *is* broken (e.g., centralized, not reliably scarce, not censorship-resistant), and that it's broken in a way that *can't* be fixed. (It's not an open-source protocol that can simply be forked. There's no viable way for the dollar to become decentralized.) But will it collapse in a matter of months? Probably not. It does benefit from the inertia of a very, VERY large network effect. But am I confident that it will be around in its current form in 20 years? Not at all.
@_date: 2014-12-25 21:42:38
Probably, but it doesn't change the analysis. There's also a steady supply of newly-mined gold and newly-printed fiat. Also, even when all 21 million have already been mined, you'll still need new value coming in to accommodate the desire of existing holders to spend their coins.
@_date: 2014-09-14 00:10:48


This is my exact situation. And I especially agree that it's the best to recommend to new users. It is phenomenal. It definitely deserves more attention.
@_date: 2014-09-13 14:07:42
Here's how I usually explain it. 
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:17:40


Saying that fiat can be "created from nothing" is just a metaphorical way of describing the fact that there is no real limit on the issuer's ability to create more / the fact that fiat's marginal cost of production is far lower than its nominal value.  In contrast bitcoin has a strictly fixed supply, and its value, assuming competing suppliers, will tend to equal its marginal cost of production.
@_date: 2014-06-21 22:11:16
You sound like someone who has lost an argument.
@_date: 2014-04-06 01:14:23


Yeah, I think that will be every day other than maybe Easter.
@_date: 2014-09-05 23:00:31
"Freelance accountant with over $6 billion in assets under my direct supervision"
@_date: 2014-04-03 04:22:35
Well, changing the protocol is easy.  Create a fork.  Getting significant numbers of people to use your version is what's tricky.  But that's as it should be.  The question is what would happen in the scenario where a bitcoin competitor has emerged that has a clearly superior protocol such that it's beginning to steal significant market share.  My guess is that would present a pretty compelling reason for people to get behind an improved bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-06-19 18:48:40
To borrow from a few comments I've made on this subject: I often see people say things like: "Bitcoin is a protocol that benefits from network effects, and such protocols are sticky." That's close, but bitcoin is actually a *dynamic* protocol that benefits from network effects, making it (potentially) super-sticky. Or, to think about it another way, bitcoin isn't *really* the current implementation of the Bitcoin protocol used to maintain and update the Bitcoin ledger; it IS that ledger. The protocol can be, has been, and will continue to be improved. If something significantly better comes along and begins to take serious market share from bitcoin, that would provide a strong incentive for bitcoin stakeholders to modify the protocol to incorporate the improvements. This doesn't mean that it's impossible for an alt-ledger to come along and overcome Bitcoin's first-mover advantage. That's certainly a possibility, but I don't believe it will be as easy as many people seem to think.
Another point I often make is that from a systemic perspective, we shouldn't actually want an alt-ledger to successfully displace Bitcoin. And I don't say that because I own a lot of Bitcoin (ok, that's not the only reason I say it), but because it would undermine the usefulness of crypto by making it a less reliable store of value. Money is memory. Its entire purpose is to facilitate exchange by *preserving* a reliable record of value given but not yet received. Switching *ledgers* every time an improvement in *protocol* is made is insane because it would essentially defeat that purpose. It's like--actually worse than--buying a more powerful computer every six months and throwing the old one in the trash without copying over your photos or other important documents.
@_date: 2014-05-08 01:10:14
I'll cover my house in Apple logos and then torch it.
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:10:43
Yep, I see that now. 250 bits
@_date: 2014-08-24 14:22:41


And even with cash, there's a third party in the picture, the central bank with the power to arbitrarily increase the money supply, thereby robbing your cash of some of its value.
@_date: 2014-03-19 03:17:48


And then it will be too late. Sweet.
@_date: 2014-10-24 16:45:00
I generally agree, but I think it depends on the size of the "investment." If someone is throwing a hundred backs at Bitcoin with the attitude of "what the hell, maybe it'll turn out to be worth something in five years," they're probably not going to be willing to do even that much research.
@_date: 2014-07-23 17:42:00
Use of a trusted escrow service.
In my opinion, a lot of the bitcoin discussion surrounding the chargeback issue misses the point. Some people seem to take the position that bitcoin is great because "there are no chargebacks" (because chargebacks are supposedly terrible and only used by scammers to defraud innocent merchants). And some act like Bitcoin's lack of chargebacks is this huge flaw that eliminates an important form of consumer protection.
The reality is that Bitcoin's *ability* to facilitate irreversible payments is an incredible feature and what's really important. That feature is inseparable from Bitcoin's core value proposition as the first money and payment network that allows you to hold and transfer value without the requirement of a trusted intermediary. But that doesn't mean that there won't be situations where you will want to use a trusted intermediary to allow for chargebacks or the equivalent. And that can be offered by services built on top of the basic bitcoin protocol. But the important point is that bitcoin is more versatile because you have choice. And Bitcoin's nature as programmable money also means that those services can be done in novel ways (eg multisig transactions that prevent the escrow agent from simply running off with the money). In contrast if I want to irreversibly, trustlessly send fiat to someone over the internet, I can't do so. And so I'm forced to not only trust a fiat payment processor but also to pay for their dispute resolution services (since they are baked into their fees).
@_date: 2014-10-22 11:25:44
I think the whole concept of "money laundering" as a crime is ridiculous.  Here's a [good column]( on "money laundering as financial thoughtcrime" that I'd agree with. And I'm an anarchist, so I personally consider the supposed crime of "tax evasion" to be equivalent to "robbery avoidance."
@_date: 2014-12-14 00:03:09
Haha, thanks man! And don't worry, I will.
@_date: 2014-08-11 20:22:10
Sort of. The bitcoin experiment is young which means that the risk of a sudden and catastrophic failure of the system should still be considered very real. With fiat you have small but continuous counterfeiting *as well as* continuous and not-so-small "legal" increases in the supply of dollars (which grows exponentially). And on top of that, you *still* have the risk of a sudden catastrophic failure of the fiat system. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 11:49:51
According to wikipedia: "Fiat money has been defined variously as:
* any money declared by a government to be legal tender
*  state-issued money which is neither convertible by law to any other thing, nor fixed in value in terms of any objective standard.
* money without intrinsic value."
Bitcoin obviously doesn't satisfy either of the first two definitions. With respect to the third definition, I think the term "intrinsic value" is a flawed one (I would argue that all value is subjective because it requires a valuer), but the term can also be understood to mean "non-exchange value."  In other words, something has "intrinsic value" if there is a significant demand in the marketplace from people who want to use it for some non-monetary purpose.  What's interesting about Bitcoin is that the choice of definition probably never mattered until now. Personally, I like the term "quasi-commodity money," which some have suggested to describe cryptocurrencies.  Cryptocurrencies are like commodities in that their value,  assuming competing suppliers, will tend to equal their marginal cost of production.
@_date: 2014-10-24 14:26:45
Well, I think you can have someone download something like breadwallet and have them sending and receiving bitcoin comfortably after about 5 minutes of conversation. And so if they're playing around with $20 worth, I'm not too worried. But yeah, anyone who is going to be purchasing Bitcoin as an investment should spend an *absolute minimum* of 5-6 hours reading about security / offline storage. And that would be for a small investment. Also, frankly, I don't think the use case of Bitcoin for buying coffee from your smartphone is a very compelling one (unless you just want to play around with the tech). 
@_date: 2014-05-22 17:21:11
*Change* my pants? Check your premises, friend.
@_date: 2014-10-14 15:07:06
All, or almost all, of those irregularities have to do with the spelling of English words as opposed to the language itself. Reforming English spelling would be an infinitely easier sell than convincing everyone to spend a few years learning a completely new language. (And it still probably won't happen.)
@_date: 2014-12-12 22:01:51
No problem. Thanks for the tip.
@_date: 2014-09-30 15:09:03
Just posted this in another thread but it's relevant here as well: 


@_date: 2014-10-14 14:41:50


It's not a good comparison, but I think it's actually a useful one to think about. Money is a lot like language. Language is a protocol for communicating all kinds of information, whereas money is a protocol for communicating *credible* information *about value*. And both language and money rely heavily on network effects, i.e. they both become more valuable / useful as more people use them. But there are several very important reasons why Esperanto's lack of success isn't particularly instructive when considering Bitcoin's prospects. 
First, existing languages don't suffer from some fundamental flaw that Esperanto solves. In contrast, I'd argue that conventional forms of money do share a fundamental flaw that bitcoin solves: the flaw of requiring trust in a central authority.  
Secondly, to the extent that existing languages do have flaws or limitations, those limitations can be fixed without starting over from scratch. Languages aren't static. New words / expressions are being created constantly. In contrast, fiat money isn't an open-source protocol. It can't be upgraded -- at least not in the fundamental ways that matter.
Another difference that limits the usefulness of the Esperanto / Bitcoin comparison is the relative importance of network effects. They're arguably much more important for language. Bitcoin has only a few million users spread around the world but that's already enough to create a vibrant and useful network. A few million Esperanto speakers spread around the world wouldn't translate into a network that would provide the individual members of that network with much value. (Maybe a good way to think about this issue is to say that language requires "currency" levels of adoption before it becomes very useful, whereas money can still be very useful with only "speculative asset" / "store-of-value" levels of adoption.)
Another difference is incentives. Bitcoin incentivizes its own adoption by rewarding early adopters; Esperanto doesn't. Even if you were convinced that Esperanto was going to be hugely popular in the future, there wouldn't be a significant opportunity cost associated with waiting to learn it until it actually did become widely used. With bitcoin, the opportunity cost would be enormous.
Finally, the switching costs associated with learning a new language are huge. It takes most people months of regular study to gain a basic "conversational"-level of fluency in a new language and *years* for them to become truly fluent. In contrast, I can show someone how to send and receive bitcoin via something like breadwallet in 10 minutes, and bitcoin "fluency" can be achieved after a few days or (maybe more realistically) weeks of using and reading about it.
@_date: 2014-10-16 19:42:39


Bitcoin doesn't stop any of this. It makes it easier. A bank can easily issue digital "accounts" valued in Bitcoins and banks will still transact with those accounts rather than cash / bitcoins. The M1 will increase relative to the desire to borrow and lend, just as it does today.
I think your assumption that a bitcoin economy would operate on a fractional-reserve basis with no real limit on the money supply is mistaken. You can have fractional reserve banking without the influence of a state, but only on a much smaller and less problematic scale. Note that FRB only operates to expand the money supply when the I.O.U.'s for money begin to be treated as the equivalent of money. But this will only occur when the I.O.U.'s provide a transactional advantage over the actual money that is sufficient to compensate for the risk of default. For example it's MUCH more convenient to transact in gold I.O.U.'s rather than physical gold. Similarly it's much more convenient to transact with electronic checkbook money as opposed to physical cash. In contrast, bitcoin IOUs don't provide a significant transactional advantage over actual bitcoins. (Although this may change if bitcoin is not able to scale in a way that keeps transaction fees reasonably low.) Also, there's no system of implicit and explicit governmental guarantees that would back up the issuers of Bitcoin I.O.U.'s. There's no FDIC insurance for your Coinbase account to make you indifferent as between holding actual bitcoins versus an IOU from Coinbase for bitcoins. And even if there were, there's a big difference between guaranteeing a dollar IOU vs. a bitcoin IOU. The dollar's monetary base can be expanded at the push of a button in the event of a crisis. That's not true of Bitcoin's monetary base.
@_date: 2014-11-17 02:54:20
That's true, but the drive-by tip comments (and the bot confirmations) *do* get in the way.  Reddit is first and foremost a discussion forum.  So tipping needs to either be unobtrusive or relatively significant in value.  You can make your tipping relatively unobtrusive now by making your tips "private" to silence the confirmation bot (unless there's a good reason not to) and by only leaving a tip as part of a substantive reply.  If changetip enables truly private tipping (e.g., via PM) or if reddit ever integrates changetip's functionality in a manner similar to how they handle reddit gold, then you could go tip-crazy.  Until then, practice restraint.
@_date: 2014-11-13 15:23:05
It's both. Right now I'd say Bitcoin's *primary* utility is as a highly-speculative investment. (In other words, most of the demand for bitcoins is coming from people who hope to profit from a future rise in their value, and *not* from people who plan to immediately spend them.) Of course, one of the main reasons that many people view Bitcoin as an attractive speculative investment is because of its excellent payment system. (Another main reason is Bitcoin's potential as a store of value.)
As I've said now many times, what makes Bitcoin exciting and revolutionary is the fact that it combines the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium. If you're focused exclusively on Bitcoin the payment system, and think it's just a neat alternative to PayPal or ApplePay, you are *really* missing the big picture. Bitcoin as a new form of *money*, that's where the magic is.
@_date: 2014-09-05 17:41:24


Strongly agree. And I say that as someone who has played around with all of the available iOS wallets. Deterministic plus beautiful and incredibly easy to use interface.
@_date: 2014-10-24 17:12:19


Yes, but the point is to eliminate single points of failure. Now a thief has to steal both the door and the key. And presumably you're not storing both in the same place. If you write down the password for your encrypted paper wallet on the printout of your encrypted paper wallet, that defeats the purpose just a bit. :)


Not necessarily. They can be used to eliminate single points of failure even where you control both points, e.g. a multisig wallet with one key on your smartphone and one on your desktop. And even where you enlist the aid of third parties for a particular scheme, you have to trust them *less* than you would if you were entrusting them to hold cash or gold for you.
@_date: 2014-12-07 21:18:56
Obvious foreshadowing. I expect Bitcoin to be a significant plot point in the next season of the show. And also lamps.
@_date: 2014-02-05 21:49:23
Yep. Drug prohibition is the real crime, not the sale of politically-disfavored intoxicants. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 02:18:06
Start with these two videos:
 
 
@_date: 2014-09-05 18:31:17
Common (and, in my view, misguided) response to proposals like the one you've outlined: "Congratulations, you've just reinvented banking and entirely negated Bitcoin's sole alleged benefit."
And my usual response:
@_date: 2014-05-12 17:49:36


Well, no, because I wouldn't trust their announcement. But assuming there were some way to credibly guarantee that the USD money supply would follow a bitcoin-like supply curve over the next 140 years before maxing out, then yeah, I'd call it a deflationary currency. 


Hey man, you could be right. It's not the way I'm betting obviously, but one should always seriously consider the possibility that they're wrong. The nice thing is we'll know one way or the other soon enough.
@_date: 2014-01-17 00:21:53
Yeah, but in Bitcoin time that's like a decade.
@_date: 2014-08-22 20:15:10


But it's not.  *Properly secured,* Bitcoin is harder to lose than gold because with gold you can't eliminate the physical gold itself as a single point of failure.  But yes, I'd agree that *as a practical matter*, the *typical user* is more likely to lose bitcoin over gold as a result of their failure to use best practices when it comes to securing their coins (either because of laziness or user error resulting from a lack of technical savvy).  You might think the "as the technology exists today" qualifier is silly, but I think it's an important reminder that Bitcoin is not a finished product.  It's a young and still-evolving technology.  I've been interested in bitcoin for about two-and-a-half years now and in that time, I've seen bitcoin security become easier through the introduction of things like BIP-38 encrypted paper wallets, deterministic wallets, and hardware wallets.  I think it's reasonable to expect that trend to continue.    
@_date: 2014-08-24 18:51:26


Sure, you can reduce your own exposure to the theft of inflation by minimizing the length of time you hold fiat, but that doesn't remove the theft from the system.  It will still fall on someone.  And when you go to sell those "proper assets" for a higher price in the future, you'll still end up paying taxes on "gains" that are, at least in part, simply the result of inflation.  
@_date: 2014-08-08 17:14:27
Well if we agree that the post in question was not trolling, that would make him at most a *part-time* troll, no?  :) In any case he doesn't appear to have collected, so it's all yours. 1 internet 
@_date: 2014-05-12 23:58:23
First class puns, everyone. Glad to see they're still a priority and you're not just mailing it in. One of my favorite reddit customs.
@_date: 2014-12-02 04:32:53
There's nothing wrong with middlemen per se. Sometimes a centralized service / middleman can provide value. The problem with fiat is that there's literally no way to make payments at a distance without relying on a trusted middleman. Conversely, one of the great things about Bitcoin is that it gives you the *ability* to store your wealth without having to trust a central authority and the *ability* to do trustless transfers of that wealth. But that doesn't mean that it will make sense for *all* individuals (e.g., non-tech savvy ones) to take advantage of that ability, or for everyone to do so for *every* transfer. Bitcoin's trustless nature isn't free. And there are times when the costs of trusting a third party to facilitate a transfer will be lower than the costs of doing an on-blockchain trustless transfer. Right now, I'm trusting changetip to hold a few bucks worth of value because I view the costs of extending that trust as low (both in the sense that I think changetip is unlikely to steal my money and in the sense that even if they do it wouldn't be particularly painful) -- and because I view the benefit as relatively high. It lets me cheaply (and easily) send small tips to other redditors which is fun. 100 bits -- On the other hand I'm *not* trusting anyone to store the vast majority of my bitcoin holdings -- because the cost of extending that amount of trust is high while the benefit as I see it is low.
@_date: 2014-06-25 21:21:52
Take your time. No rush.
@_date: 2014-10-22 15:20:55
@_date: 2014-06-21 14:02:53
"Decentralization" and "not issued by state" are abstractions. Of course, most people don't care about those.  But they're important because of what they enable.  The real key features of Bitcoin are the fact that it combines the reliable scarcity of gold (your 3) with the transactional convenience / efficiency of digital money (your 4).  And the average layperson doesn't care about inflation vs. deflation?  Really?  Given the choice between having their savings lose a few percent of their value every year or gain a few percent, you think they're indifferent?  The real reason that Bitcoin is not more appealing to the general population is because its benefits are not (yet) readily apparent. (And because of your 5 - that's definitely still an issue for the non-tech savvy.)  A few more years of continued appreciation in value, continued growth in merchant and user adoption, and continued improvements in useability and the value proposition will become increasingly obvious to the average individual.
@_date: 2014-09-07 19:44:40
100% uptime and it's only lost slightly more than 80% of its purchasing power!
@_date: 2014-04-05 20:28:49
There is no Dana, only Zuul.
@_date: 2014-10-22 12:17:47
Thanks for the reply. So I guess my response would be that Bitcoin will not kill the state (even though I'd like it to), at least not by itself.  The state's real source of power is not its control over money (although that's important). Its real source of power is the widespread (and in my view, misguided) belief in its legitimacy.  Even if Bitcoin were to see massive mainstream adoption, the state will still have 9,000 different ways to collect revenue and sniff out "tax cheats" (obligatory scare quotes ;)).  What Bitcoin *may* do is shift the balance of power back towards the individual somewhat when it comes to financial freedom and privacy.  And I think that's something that even a lot of non-libertarians might see as a good thing. 1 internet
@_date: 2014-09-03 18:04:11




I see the value proposition as combining the reliable scarcity of gold (the "store-of-value" aspect of money) with the transactional efficiency of digital fiat (the "medium-of-exchange" aspect of money) into a single form of money.  So any time I see people talking about how bitcoin has certain advantages as a payment system over credit cards / paypal / bank transfers, etc., I tend to wonder if they're not missing the larger point.  The real comparison is how does bitcoin's payment network compare to the "payment network" for *gold* (i.e. the process of passing around physical pieces of metal)? And the answer is pretty damn well.    
@_date: 2014-09-12 19:36:52
Not only is the supply tiny at 21 million, it's also my understanding that each individual Bitcoin is quite small -- [roughly the size of a U.S. quarter based on photos that I've seen](  In light of these facts, it's hard to see how Bitcoin could represent any kind of threat to the existing monetary system.
@_date: 2014-08-07 15:23:47
So you're focusing on bitcoin as a payment network and asking what advantages it has over existing options. And that's a legitimate question but I think that's the wrong focus. I think if we're honest, we should acknowledge that *right now* the most compelling use case for bitcoin by far is for bitcoin the speculative asset. And so the question is not why would I want to *pay* with bitcoins over euros? It's why would I want to *hold* bitcoins over euros? And the answer to that question is that the latter is guaranteed to lose value over time whereas the former has at least the potential to appreciate in value, possibly in a spectacular fashion.  This seems to be a somewhat controversial opinion around here ("bitcoin is supposed to be a currency!"). But the way I see it, it's the natural evolutionary path for bitcoin. It starts out as (primarily) a hugely-speculative asset (high-risk, high potential reward). As time goes by and it becomes more established, it becomes more of a gold-like store of value (lower risk, lower potential return). Finally at some point if it continues to succeed and becomes very widely adopted its value may come primarily from its use as a "currency," i.e., a widely-used direct medium of exchange. Of course, those aren't really distinct stages and the use cases will overlap a great deal. And it should also be noted that the reason that bitcoin has speculative value is based in large part on its potential future usefulness as a currency. But success as a currency relies most heavily on network effects which is why it will take the longest.
@_date: 2014-12-27 00:51:56
Hell, I'm embarrassed by the stuff I did three minutes ago. Such is the blistering pace of my personal growth.
@_date: 2014-04-25 19:44:22
Bigger? Perhaps. More fanatical? Impossible.
@_date: 2014-07-01 15:56:56
Agreed. We won't see bitcoin settlement of major international oil sales for at least another six months. ;)
@_date: 2014-04-27 21:50:21
Well, looking on the bright side, maybe this will help dispel the claim that "Bitcoin is only for buying drugs."
@_date: 2014-06-26 11:44:35
TIL: there is something called a "Windows Phone."
@_date: 2014-08-01 00:55:29
Well, it's obviously going to be one of the more difficult, higher-value questions.
@_date: 2014-09-03 14:46:32
Yeah, I shouldn't have said "condensed version." Really the only takeaway that I think you should include is the idea of money as a ledger that keeps track of value given but not yet received. Another possible source for some ideas is [this piece]( by Erik Voorhees. It's over two years old now but it holds up well and is what first got me really excited about bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-06 02:17:13
I agree that Bitcoin needs competition. As I've said before, I think of alts in terms of the sword of damocles. "The value of the sword is not that it falls, but rather, that it hangs." We want competition to force Bitcoin to innovate and continue to improve. But from a systemic perspective, we shouldn't actually want that competition to successfully displace Bitcoin. And I don't say that because I own a lot of Bitcoin (ok, that's not the only reason I say it), but because it would undermine the usefulness of crypto by making it a less reliable store of value. Money is memory. Its entire purpose is to facilitate exchange by *preserving* a reliable record of value given but not yet received. Switching *ledgers* every time an improvement in *protocol* is made is insane because it would essentially defeat that purpose. It's like--actually worse than--buying a more powerful computer every six months and throwing the old one in the trash without copying over your photos or other important documents.
@_date: 2014-09-08 23:34:42


Heh. I'm having a hard time picturing what my reaction would have been to that statement in early 2012 when I first learned about bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-18 16:14:58
Consider [my comment above]( 
@_date: 2014-09-03 06:36:51




Sure, but the problem with fiat-denominated payment systems it that you can't prevent or reverse the fraudulent spending of the central bank.  So some of your money (or the equivalent -- its purchasing power) *will be* "irreversibly stolen" through inflation.  So you're not wrong that a traditional payment system has certain advantages over bitcoin, but they're not really responsive to the central value proposition of bitcoin which is the elimination of the need for a trusted intermediary / combining the reliable scarcity of gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium.  
@_date: 2014-06-29 22:09:43
Here's what I said a few days ago in a discussion about Bitcoin and fractional reserve banking:


@_date: 2014-06-21 20:36:38


Well, "safe" is a relative term, of course.  But I'd be curious to know what you're thinking of.


I know, right? It's crazy how many people have gotten something so fundamental so wrong.


I think you need to distinguish between debt deflation (less money chasing the same amount of goods) and deflation caused by economic growth (the same amount of money chasing more goods). The former is obviously painful.  The latter is obviously not.  But the cause of the former is the screwed-up nature of the fiat monetary system in which the money supply is a tiny little pool of "base money" and a whole crap-ton of circulating claims on that money, i.e. debt. The credit deflation that occurs in a "deflationary spiral" is simply the natural, opposite-and-equal-type reaction to the years of inflationary policies that preceded it.  It's the hangover after the cheap-credit bender.


Don't worry. I'm a pretty patient guy. And I'm actually very happy with the pace of the progress I've witnessed over the past two years since I first discovered Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-12 15:36:07


It wouldn't really. I mean, it does provide Bitcoin with *some* small degree of added utility. But the more important impact is additional perceived "legitimacy." It may prompt people with only a passing familiarity with Bitcoin to look into it more closely.


I'd certainly agree that the use case "exchange fiat for Bitcoin for the purpose of immediately spending it to buy goods and services from a merchant who will, in most cases, immediately convert that bitcoin *back* into fiat" is generally not a particularly compelling one. (There are exceptions, e.g., if you need to take advantage of Bitcoin's censorship-resistant nature.) But in general the best reason to spend bitcoin is because you have bitcoin (and you can't do anything else with it). And the best reason to have bitcoin (currently) is as a highly-speculative investment. And the best reason to buy bitcoin as a speculative investment is because you believe that its properties (which, in short, combine the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium) will enable Bitcoin, over time, to steal market share from other forms of money that lack those properties.
@_date: 2014-07-27 20:56:59
I don't think we really disagree. You're still talking about money's usefulness for facilitating *exchange*. The options it gives you are the options to exchange it for various goods and services. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 18:37:34
How about instead of constantly telling everybody how great your "community" is and how much fun you're having, you just BE a great community and HAVE fun. The irony is that negative comments like yours cheapen the dogecoin community and make it less fun.
@_date: 2014-05-08 02:14:15
Why not make it happen?
@_date: 2014-12-07 04:58:00
My initial reaction was that this is actually a pretty good troll attempt, but that you also clearly got a little too greedy in a few places, e.g. ("I've had so many students coming up to me demanding to be taught about BTC when we moved into economics this year" and "I brought up the idea to my department chair, but she told me that the whole thing seemed useless and could present legal issues for the school" and "I'm still pretty new to bitcoin myself and as a teacher I don't really have the expendable income to get much more coin").
But then I looked at the comments and saw that you'd gotten several people to respond to your post as though it weren't obvious bullshit. I am disappoint.
@_date: 2014-05-11 02:26:57
So the only winning move is not to play? Strange game.
@_date: 2014-05-20 23:12:10
21M / 7.2B =  .003 = .3 percent 
You're even more elite than you thought.
@_date: 2014-10-16 21:20:42


I keep most of my dollars in the bank (i.e., as IOUs to me from the bank) rather than in cash (base money), but it's definitely not because of the sub-1% interest I'm getting on my deposits. I do it for two reasons: transactional efficiency and security. Electronic checkbook money lets me pay people at a distance, something I can't do with cash. And even when paying in person, swiping a debit or credit card is a lot easier than messing around with paper bills and coins. Those benefits wouldn't apply to paying with bitcoin IOUs rather than bitcoin itself. With respect to security, I'm more worried about losing cash in my house to theft or fire than I am worried that my bank will default and fail to return my deposit. I'm worried about losing my cash because I can't encrypt it, make backups of it, or use the equivalent of multi-sig to eliminate the loss of that unique physical object as a single point of failure. I *can* do those things with bitcoin. I'm not worried about my bank failing to return my deposit because of a variety of explicit and implicit government guarantees (e.g. FDIC insurance and the fact that the central bank can always "print" more dollars to bail out the system). I don't have those guarantees when I deposit my bitcoins with a third-party (see, e.g. mt Gox).
I think you need to keep in mind that bitcoin is a lot more like gold than it is the fiat dollar. You can issue IOUs for bitcoin and maybe even convince people that they're as good as the real thing, but there's a built in limit on how crazy you can get with your issuance. Get too carried away and eventually people will start calling in those IOUs and the whole thing will collapse. (See, e.g., the 1971 "Nixon shock.")
@_date: 2014-06-25 01:08:28
I've always wanted to visit the planet Alderaan. Does anyone know if this is a good time of year for a trip?
@_date: 2014-12-23 16:14:26
I know you're making a joke, but actually that's basically right.  Although the "ledger" of so-called gift economies was *decentralized* as that ledger--or at least the relevant portions of that ledger--was stored in the memories of lots of different people.  
suggested viewing: [Why Bitcoin is Better than Gold](
@_date: 2014-06-09 05:57:14
"Bitcoin is down almost 50% from its December peak, i.e., *the absolute highest price it has ever traded at* -- a price that it traded at for only a few days, and a price that, at the time, represented almost a 500% increase from where it was only a month before."
Yeah, I guess that *does* seem a little cherry-picked.
@_date: 2014-11-14 18:19:14


I know! That was the intended joke (which apparently didn't land). In any event, very nicely articulated. 1 internet private
@_date: 2014-02-09 02:18:59
It's an indication but not a guarantee. It's certainly possible that "this time is different" and Bitcoin's value won't recover from the current "crash" and go on to reach new heights. That's not the way I'm betting though.
@_date: 2014-01-31 20:21:09
I was just having some fun. :) I actually like dogecoin and think it's been a very positive force for crypto. But I do get a little annoyed with some of its overly eager advocates -- especially when they feel the need to promote dogecoin by knocking bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-30 14:49:15


The biggest difference of course is that with bitcoin there's no central authority that can create an unlimited quantity of new favor vouchers at will. Another difference is that with traditional (fractional-reserve) banking most "money" is not even a favor voucher. It's an IOU for a favor voucher.
@_date: 2014-01-18 00:11:37
What's the earliest this could realistically see approval?
@_date: 2014-02-01 19:35:34
Then when bitcoin implements those improvements in its own protocol, negating the alt's advantages while still offering the advantage of greater network effects, the altcoin will head back toward zero. 
@_date: 2014-04-21 20:38:46
Sure, as I said there's no guarantee that Bitcoin's first-mover advantage will allow it to fend off threats from competitors. But, when it comes to assessing how successful it's *likely* to be, a few questions worth asking are: how strong do we think Bitcoin's first-mover advantage is relative to the examples you've provided and how adaptive will Bitcoin be as an open-source network in terms of responding to competitive challenges compared to, e.g. a centrally-controlled instant messaging program?
@_date: 2014-05-04 14:23:44
Yep. Although I'm not sure they're quite *as* durable as bitcoin (gold is probably the easier comparison) since fiat ledger entries are centralized (single point of failure) and because fiat currencies are fundamentally political and have a long history of failing / being replaced. When a fiat currency dies, its ledger entries are effectively lost. 
Edit: keatonatron's argument also seems like a pretty compelling one.
@_date: 2014-06-12 12:37:43


The beauty of bitcoin is that it's based entirely on consensus. There's no need for "authority." If you don't like the rules of bitcoin, you don't have to use it / recognize its value. And you're also free to apply your own rules. (Of course, you'll have to convince others to use your variation if it's to have much use.)
@_date: 2014-06-20 22:14:26
Hell yeah. I'm going to this game, and I don't even like football.
@_date: 2014-05-06 17:27:57


Weed will get you through times of no money, better than money will get you through times of no weed. 
@_date: 2014-01-12 00:29:16
Since you owned up to it. +$.25
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:01:21
But that's exactly the effect of counterfeiting - it steals purchasing power from the bills in your wallet.
@_date: 2014-12-14 02:16:12
But of course it does. You think if the government removed the restriction on counterfeiting and suddenly anyone could just print up their own $100 Federal Reserve Notes that the dollar would retain its value? 
@_date: 2014-09-03 14:14:57
I'd do a very condensed version of [this talk]( stressing the concept that "money is and always has been a ledger." I'd then focus on how we've had two very "half good / half terrible" solutions for how to implement such a ledger. We've had gold which is great for acting as a store of value -- but at the price of being very transactionally clunky (i.e. the info in the ledger is reliable but difficult / expensive to update). And we've had digital fiat which is relatively good from a transactional efficiency perspective, but which is a poor store of value (i.e., the ledger is easy to update but the info it contains is not reliable). Bitcoin is the first money to combine the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 18:39:43


Sure, there's obviously no guarantee that bitcoin will continue to increase in value -- let alone continue the kind of explosive exponential growth it's experienced since its inception. In fact, it could fail completely tomorrow. But I wasn't talking about the future. I was just describing the past. (Having said that, I do think that *if bitcoin does continue to grow*, it will likely be in a manner that's similar to its past growth -- in the sense that there will be more "bubbles" and "crashes" before it begins to stabilize.) And while it's true that bitcoin is "only" trading at around half of its all-time high, I do think that it's important to put that in context by looking at Bitcoin's history. Yes, bitcoin traded (very briefly) above 1,000 at the end of November 2013. But it *started* November at around $200. Look at a price chart that goes back to 2010 and you'll see that bitcoin has spent most of its life trading at less than half whatever its then-all-time high was.


Personally, I have been very impressed (for the most part) by the "bitcoin community" that I've interacted with both online and in-person. And I've seen very very few people telling others to "buy buy buy" as though an investment in bitcoin is not still a risky one. Of course, lots of people who hang out on r/bitcoin are very bullish on its potential, myself included. That shouldn't be terribly surprising. But the vast majority of people temper that bullishness with admonitions that "you shouldn't invest more than you can lose" and the recognition that the bitcoin experiment is still young. Frankly, I think a lot of the people who think this is a "terrible community" are the ones "blinded by their own ideals" because they don't like the fact that the bitcoin community has a strong anarchist / libertarian streak. (You don't have to share those beliefs but I think it's important to recognize that perfectly nice people can hold them in good faith.)
@_date: 2014-12-08 18:06:20
Also, since I'd already typed this up before the comment in question got deleted.


That's fine. The digital nature of Bitcoin doesn't have to be your objection, but it is a common one. My sense is that a lot of people have this vague notion that money has to be either "real" (like gold) OR "backed by a government" (like dollars). And that belief can cause them to be skeptical of Bitcoin.


Sorry, I thought my comment addressed why I see it as necessary (or at least what I see as its key value proposition). As far as being defensive, yeah man, that's the human ego. That's pretty much true for all subjects and all positions. There are definitely pro-Bitcoin folks who get defensive about it when it's criticized. Similarly, there are lots of anti-Bitcoin folks who get defensive about their viewpoint. Such is life. All you can do is try not to be too wedded to your position and do your best to evaluate the competing evidence and arguments.
@_date: 2014-09-30 15:28:43
I don't disagree. But my point is that those advantages are *generally* not large enough to make converting fiat to bitcoin for the purpose of immediately buying something particularly attractive. Bitcoin is great as a payment system if you already have bitcoins to spend. But the problem is that most people don't. The beauty of Bitcoin as I see it is that it combines the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium. So sure, bitcoin is a better payment system than credit cards in many respects. And people should talk about that. But they should keep in mind that the real comparison is to the "payment system" for gold (i.e. the process of exchanging physical pieces of metal). That's where Bitcoin really shines.
@_date: 2014-12-13 20:13:36
Needs more rainbow.  
@_date: 2014-08-08 00:07:02
Looks interesting. Thanks for the link! 1 internet
@_date: 2014-09-03 17:45:09


Gold or cash? Yes, probably stupid to keep large amounts in your home.  You can't encrypt gold or cash, make a backup of those assets (let alone 5 or 10 backups), or use the equivalent of multi-sig or Shamir's Secret Sharing algorithm to eliminate the loss of those unique physical objects as a single point of failure.  With bitcoin, you obviously *can* do all those things.  Of course, you could also choose to make exactly one copy of your private keys and store it, unencrypted, in a bank's vault -- analogous to storing cash / gold in a bank's vault.  But the beauty is that with bitcoin you now have all these new and powerful options.  And using a bank is not a cure-all.  By definition, it introduces an element of counterparty risk and it makes your assets less accessible to you.  (Except in the case of bitcoin where you're using the bank to store an encrypted paper wallet of which you have one or more backups. In that unique case, the counterparty risk is essentially nil. And you can still access your funds if you need to.)
@_date: 2014-08-25 00:09:30
Well, of course we need institutions that allow people to work together to collectively address shared problems. But that doesn't mean we need entities that systematically violate the non-aggression principle and claim to hold a monopoly on the legitimate use of initiatory violence within a particular, arbitrarily-defined geographic area, i.e. "governments."
@_date: 2014-11-21 19:44:29
Posted a version of this comment a few days ago which I think you might find useful.
If you think that Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme, you don't know the definition of a Ponzi scheme, don't understand how Bitcoin works, or both. A Ponzi scheme is "a form of fraud in which belief in the success of a nonexistent enterprise is fostered by the payment of quick returns to the first investors from money invested by later investors." It is painfully, blindingly obvious that Bitcoin is not a Ponzi scheme.  With Bitcoin, there's no Ponzi operator that's claiming to invest your funds in some mysterious enterprise (that doesn't actually exist) but who is actually using your funds to pay "returns" to earlier investors. Bitcoin doesn't promise any returns. Bitcoin is simply a commodity whose price, like that of any other commodity, is determined by the law of supply and demand. 
**and Pyramids...**
Bitcoin is also obviously not a "pyramid scheme." 


There is no Bitcoin "organization," no "directors," no need for you to recruit people beneath you in order to enjoy the benefits of Bitcoin. Again, Bitcoin is simply a new kind of commodity.
**and Tulips! Oh my!**
Most people who level the Ponzi or pyramid scheme charge against Bitcoin are really attempting--inelegantly--to make the argument that Bitcoin is a "speculative bubble" (or "tulip mania") that requires an endless stream of "greater fools" to avoid collapse. That argument goes something like this: "why do people buy bitcoins? Because they hope to sell them in the future to other people for more money. But why do *those people* buy bitcoins? For the same reason. That's obviously unsustainable so the whole thing will come crashing down at some point." Here's what these people don't get. In a sense, *all* money relies on there being a "roughly equal or greater fool." In other words, the only reason anyone ever trades real value for little green pieces of paper or an electronic ledger entry is because they hope to, at some point in the future, exchange that money for something they really want, i.e. a good or service that can directly satisfy their wants or needs. But really, there's nothing "foolish" about money. It's a very useful accounting system for keeping track of value given but not yet received. Where the "digital tulips" crowd gets hung up is on the fact that *today's* holders of Bitcoin expect it to significantly increase in value, observing that such a thing can't continue forever. And that's true, but it doesn't have to. Bitcoin isn't a scheme that will collapse without endless exponential growth. Again, it's just a commodity. Its price can go up, down, or sideways (as the past five years have proven in sometimes dramatic fashion). Also, if Bitcoin achieves success as a gold alternative or even, as a true currency, people will trade real value for Bitcoin with the simple expectation that Bitcoin will *hold* its value (or increase in value relatively slowly at a rate commensurate with the growth of the overall economy).
People sometimes try to rebut the "tulip" argument by claiming that *they're* not hoping to sell their bitcoins for more fiat in the future, because they plan to "spend" them. That misses the point.  They're still holding bitcoin because they hope to exchange it for real value in the future (again, the same reason anyone holds any form of money). Whether they access that stored value by trading those bitcoins directly for goods and services or by going through the intermediate step of first trading them for fiat is really immaterial.
@_date: 2014-06-18 15:05:09
Nothing. That's the joke.
@_date: 2014-04-28 21:13:20
That sounds about right. 
@_date: 2014-03-22 01:39:53
Alpaca socks. And that's it.
@_date: 2014-06-03 13:49:22
I don't know, man. If there aren't enough buyers to absorb all this liquidity, this rally could turn into a real mess.
@_date: 2014-06-29 16:30:34


But it's a "liability" for *what*?  I suppose you could say that a $100 Federal Reserve Note means that the Federal Reserve owes you a $100 electronic balance.  And a $100 electronic balance with the Federal Reserve means that they owe you $100 in Federal Reserve Notes (which they can have printed as needed).  


I'd agree with that.  
@_date: 2014-05-08 00:45:32
Here's a little to get you started. 1000 bits
@_date: 2014-07-10 18:22:35


So it sounds like the assumption is that these changes were made to address specific issues flagged by the SEC? And that's a good sign because if the SEC were inclined not to let the ETF get approval they'd just reject it outright? Are the SEC's communications during the review process not public record? Just looking for a little insight into how the process works. Thanks.
@_date: 2014-07-17 11:11:02
Breadwallet is a deterministic wallet based on a 12-word seed. Make a backup of that seed and you won't lose your coins even if you lose your device. 
@_date: 2014-09-25 22:31:17
Sorry, I'm not clear on what you think doesn't make sense. My point (or at least one of them) is that there's a fundamental difference between holding money vs holding inventory. If inventory is just sitting in a warehouse, that means that real tangible items are not being enjoyed or employed productively. In contrast, money is just information. If little green pieces of paper are just sitting in a safe or (more commonly) electronic ledger entries are just sitting in a computer remaining unchanged, that's not a bad thing because they're still being used (storing value for use in future exchanges is one of the primary functions of money).
Also, the fact that deflation "punishes" inventory holders is an inevitable consequence of the fact that it rewards savers. They're two sides of the same coin. So perhaps you should consider that angle of my argument (deflation as "interest" for the "loan" that savers are making to society).
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:34:50
250 bits
@_date: 2014-08-05 13:13:33
In an economy that uses sound money, deflation is the market-determined interest rate for a very low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time (by spending the money). Money isn't wealth. It's a kind of societal IOU representing value given but not yet received. In other words, money gives you the ability to make an immediate claim on a certain amount of *stuff.* When you don't exercise that claim immediately and instead save your money, the resources that would have gone into satisfying your present consumption remain available to be used by others. You've effectively loaned your purchasing power to the remaining holders of money who do choose to spend today -- whether for consumption or investment. And that's why, with a sound money, you're rewarded with increased purchasing power over time. 
@_date: 2014-10-22 18:27:27
How's the pay / hours / benefits? Do you think there's any chance you could get me a job? (Shut up, guys. It's not like any of you has never compromised. And I've got a frickin' kid on the way.) Also, could I work from home?
@_date: 2014-04-05 00:18:11
I knew it was a Ponzi.
@_date: 2014-12-10 02:30:14
That's the great thing about Bitcoin. On the blockchain, no one knows you're a cetacean.
@_date: 2014-08-30 02:09:06


I sure hope not. @_date: 2014-11-19 14:38:32
I disagree that Bitcoin doesn't / won't result in the creation of new wealth. Money is an incredibly useful thing. The invention of money created tremendous amounts of new wealth by making trade much, much more efficient. Similarly, if you believe that Bitcoin is a *better* form of money than those that preceded it, it's not hard to understand why its invention will also create new wealth. And I do think that [Bitcoin is a demonstrably better form of money than either fiat or gold.]( And the fact that "early adopters" of Bitcoin have profited from its rise in value is not a bad thing. The first people to recognize that an asset is undervalued can always profit from that insight. And they should. That's how markets and price discovery work.
@_date: 2014-02-04 22:26:24
People who don't understand anything want to regulate everything.
@_date: 2014-05-25 16:10:12
They take KYC very seriously.
@_date: 2014-04-05 00:17:16
I really enjoyed the first 20% of the video. I feel like it sort of went downhill after that.
@_date: 2014-05-14 23:59:10
The "how bitcoin works under the hood" video which you can find easily on YouTube is a good place to start.
@_date: 2014-11-04 16:52:21
"Mikes" nobody likes. A "millie" sounds silly. "Ubit" and "mubit" are just plain stupid. But "bits"? "Bits" are the tits.
Don't fight it.
@_date: 2014-08-11 01:34:12
The arguments being made applied equally well when bitcoin was trading at 10%, 1%, and 0.1% of its current price. Obviously, we all now wish we had invested in bitcoin then. The bottom line is that bitcoin is still a very young, very experimental, and very risky technology. It could fail completely tomorrow. But there's also the possibility for huge gains if it continues to succeed and becomes mainstream. For example if it were to take 10% of gold's multi-trillion dollar "market cap" as a store of value, that would represent a huge return from today's price. So if you believe in the technology and its potential, it may make sense to make a speculative play on bitcoin with a relatively modest percentage of your portfolio. But you should do so with the understanding that you may very well lose everything.
@_date: 2014-09-11 02:14:50


True. And while the Bolivar has inflated at a rate of 63.4% *this year*, in all fairness, we should note that *last year* it had a several hundred percent *deflation*.  Oh wait, no that was just Bitcoin.  [Here's what the Bolivar has done for the last few years](
@_date: 2014-11-08 02:17:53
Yep, or possibly a combination of both -- the first so-many tips in a thread will confirm publicly by default before the bot goes silent but larger tips will continue to confirm. The rationale being that there are far fewer "large" tips and people are more interested in seeing those confirmed (for example, I personally don't care what happens to the satoshi and 100-bit tips flying around but I would be curious to know what happens to say a $10 tip.)
@_date: 2014-07-01 00:37:18
["Longer than you think, Dad! Longer than you think!"](
@_date: 2014-08-11 22:06:02
Drug prohibition is what isn't harmless. All of the violence that surrounds the non-alcohol, non-tobacco drug trade is a reaction to the state-sponsored violence that is the war on (certain) drugs, i.e. the violence inherent in sending men with guns to lock the users and sellers of certain drugs in cages. And there is no drug war without enforcement. As the saying goes, "to pass a law means nothing; to enforce a law means everything." So in my view, opposing the criminalization of drugs while supporting the enforcement of the "laws on the books" because you know, words on paper, is a misguided position.
@_date: 2014-05-12 10:01:34
Catchy! +100 bits
@_date: 2014-12-08 03:14:26
Lighten up, dude. Here, eat a Snickers. @_date: 2014-10-17 13:43:44
1. You're thinking of bitcoin as though it's only a payment system. But Bitcoin's real value proposition is the fact that it combines the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium. In other words, the question is not how does Bitcoin's payment network compare to the available fiat payment networks? It's how does Bitcoin's payment network compare to the "payment network" for gold (i.e., the process of exchanging physical hunks of metal)? And the answer to that question is pretty damn well. Bitcoin *does* have certain advantages over fiat when considering it purely as a payment network (primarily censorship-resistance, the ability to do irreversible transactions, and the ability to send online payments without providing personal and financial information), but they're less important in my view than Bitcoin's core utility.
2. Yes, Bitcoin can be permanently lost, just like gold or cash which it's commonly analogized to. But the beauty of bitcoin is that if you know what you're doing (an admittedly big 'if' for the non-tech savvy), bitcoins can be made *incredibly* secure -- much more secure than gold or cash. You can't encrypt gold, make a backup of it (let alone an unlimited number of backups), or use the equivalent of multi-sig or Shamir's secret sharing algorithm to eliminate the loss of that unique physical item as a single point of failure. You *can* do all of those things with Bitcoin.
3. I don't think that's right. Decentralization is important because it means that there's not a single, central authority that can arbitrarily create new units of the currency, freeze or seize your account, or censor payments to certain individuals or groups. Bitcoin is still very much decentralized in all of those respects. Is mining pool "centralization" potentially problematic? Absolutely, but I'm certainly not convinced that it will prove to be a fatal problem. The Bitcoin network / protocol is ultimately based on consensus, and it's capable of evolving to respond to threats. If large mining pools become too powerful and begin to use that power maliciously, I'm (cautiously) optimistic that the system will adapt successfully to neutralize the threat. (But frankly, of the points you raised, this is the one that worries me the most -- more generally, it's the possibility that the consensus algorithm will "break" in a way we can't find a fix to.)
4. Well, I'm an anarchist so, not surprisingly, I'm not too bothered by the strong anarchist / libertarian streak among bitcoin enthusiasts. But honestly, even if I didn't share those views, I still don't see how the political views of today's "Bitcoin community" (which in reality, run the gamut) really matter. It's a technology. If you find it useful, use it. If you don't, don't. If bitcoin continues to grow and become more popular, the views of its users will necessarily "normalize" to more closely reflect those of the wider public. In fact, we've already seen this. (I seem to recall seeing some survey results of Bitcoiners from maybe a few years back and last year, and the percentage of self-described anarchists / libertarians had dropped pretty sharply.)
5. I actually think you've got it backwards. Too many people think Bitcoin is supposed to be a "currency" today when in reality its primary utility right now is as a highly-speculative investment (high risk, potential for high reward). If it continues to grow, it may transition to being more of a gold-like store of value (lower risk, lower potential reward). And finally, if it's *really* successful, its primary utility may one day be as a currency, i.e., a direct medium of exchange with a large number of "closed loops" where people both earn and spend bitcoin directly without ever converting to fiat.
6. Again, I think you've got it backwards. People won't cling to dinosaur Bitcoin tech because they want their bitcoins to be more valuable. They'll insist that Bitcoin upgrade and improve (when it makes sense to do so) because they want their bitcoins to be more valuable, and upgrading will be the only way to stay competitive with an alt-ledger with a protocol that provides significant technical advantages. (If you're interested, check out [this comment]( of mine on alt-coins, which explains my views in more detail.)
7. I don't think most people who are enthusiastic about Bitcoin are deliberately "lying" about its benefits. They likely just have different opinions than yours with respect to how "safe, secure, and easy to use" it is. I wouldn't be so quick to assume bad faith. But even if there are a nontrivial number of people deliberately spreading misinformation, well, welcome to the internet, or really, welcome to the human race. You can find misinformation on every subject under the sun.
8. Well, the *transactions* are pretty close to instant, but they don't become irreversible until they've been confirmed. But what are we looking at for comparison? Most fiat transactions don't become irreversible for a looong time (how long can you dispute a credit card transaction for? 60 days?). And I certainly can't instantly send gold to someone halfway across the world. Plus, with Bitcoin I believe there are ways that you can accept zero-confirmation payments while minimizing your risk (although it's been a while since I read up on the issue). 
@_date: 2014-08-27 16:02:13
Just received mine as well. I'm rich!
@_date: 2014-04-05 05:45:30
I've been dollar-cost averaging down the whole goddamn way.
@_date: 2014-08-29 14:07:48
I really like breadwallet, too. Fantastic, simple interface.
@_date: 2014-07-17 16:53:28
Well, that's dumb. 1 internets 
@_date: 2014-10-23 02:15:16
Well, I suppose it's a good thing we're finally getting our inflation problem under control, and obviously all credit in the world should go to the wise and careful leadership of our CEO. But is anyone else worried that inflation might be getting *too* low and could start to negatively affect employment soon?
@_date: 2014-04-07 23:28:48


As a starting point, note that the deflation rate implied by that example scenario is completely unrealistic and unsustainable.  If your money's purchasing power is increasing by 10% a day, after one year it will have more than 1 trillion times its original value.  You'll often see critics of deflation say things like, "who would buy a car today for 1000 dollars if they knew they could buy the same car tomorrow for 500 dollars?" And the answer is of course, essentially no one.  On the other hand, you'd have LOTS of people eager to *sell* their cars in that scenario.  No buyers plus lots of sellers means that wouldn't be today's market-clearing price.  


I disagree.  I think the key to understanding this issue is to recognize that **saving money is itself a form of investment in the overall economy.**  Money isn’t wealth. It’s an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. In other words, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person’s wants or needs -- you can't eat 100-dollar bills, after all). Thus, when you save money, you are essentially holding a kind of IOU.  Imagine that you have enough money to buy a car today but hold off buying the car for a year. In that scenario, that car (or the resources that would have gone into making it) is still available to be immediately used by someone else. You have effectively loaned it to them. And that’s why savers are rewarded with increased purchasing power in an economy that uses sound money. In that kind of economy, **deflation is simply the market-determined interest rate for an extremely low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time** (by spending the money).
@_date: 2014-07-17 03:08:52
I like electrum for my computer and breadwallet (iOS) for my phone.
@_date: 2014-06-10 10:59:14
He's crazy. I've seen literally dozens of these threads.
@_date: 2014-07-25 15:13:28


Well, you'll always need institutions that allow people to work together to collectively address shared problems. But that doesn't mean you'll need entities that systematically violate the non-aggression principle and claim to hold a monopoly on the legitimate use of initiatory violence within a particular geographic area, i.e. "governments."
@_date: 2014-06-29 19:23:01
Awesome. 250 bits
@_date: 2014-10-27 17:45:56


No, there's nothing inherently wrong with using debt as money, assuming that's what the market chooses, and in a pre-Bitcoin world, using debt as money made some sense. IOUs for gold, for example, are a lot easier to transact with compared to physical gold. And I'm not just referring to gold-backed paper currencies being more convenient than gold coin; IOUs also lend themselves to digital representation thereby facilitating payment at a distance. But debt as money also has some serious disadvantages. IOUs are less fungible (the identity of the issuer matters) and *they introduce counterparty risk*. Governments have been able to offset both of those disadvantages by creating central banks and giving them a monopoly on the power of money creation. FRN's are extremely fungible. And because of implicit and explicit government guarantees, no one worries about the solvency of the bank where they "deposit" (i.e., lend) their money.  (After all, the IOUs in question are IOUs for something that the central bank can conjure out of thin air if the need arises.) But that intervention (like most government interventions) carried a high price tag. A free market for money would most likely result in a balance of debt-based (or trust-based) money and non-trust-based money. But the governments' intervention in money has artificially and dramatically shifted that balance in favor of trust-based money. But trust-based money is inherently risky, and governments didn't eliminate that risk. To the contrary, they grew it and made it systemic (a fact that's begun to become clear in recent years).
Another important point is that the beauty of Bitcoin is that it's the first commodity money / non-trust-based asset that is natively digital, so it offers the traditional transactional benefits of IOU money without the counterparty risk.
@_date: 2014-12-13 19:39:25
Cuz I'm a baller and that's how we do. $10
Edit: also, low impulse control
@_date: 2014-06-17 16:59:40
What's in it for us?
@_date: 2014-06-08 14:09:36






@_date: 2014-09-30 17:27:39
How does sending bitcoins to their son who's going shopping (presumably for himself) help them? He doesn't know that they've crashed or where they are.
@_date: 2014-09-15 15:51:25


Sure, "drugs" is probably the largest and most valuable censored market. But (to address your second point) the problem with existing marketplaces is that prohibition makes them dangerous for both buyers and sellers. A decentralized marketplace will mean less violence (in terms of both direct state violence as well as reactive black-market violence) and safer substances because purity and potency will be more reliable. And yes, I understand that your comment already mentioned this use case. My point was that its importance should not be understated.


And with Open Bazaar you'll rely on reputation, escrow services, and arbitration services, etc. Some of those will cost money, but the point is that it will be a more competitive market as a result of greater choices. And of course, if you think the higher fees in centralized alternatives are worth it, that'll be your choice to make.
@_date: 2014-09-30 17:15:19


Yeah, I think it's more of a reaction to Open Bazaar. :P 
But seriously, does *anyone* really think this has anything to do with Bitcoin? I mean, Bitcoin is clearly on their radar screen, but it's still a pretty tiny blip. It sure as hell isn't what's driving this decision. The more interesting question is what effect it will have on PayPal's attitude towards Bitcoin going forward. Will it make them "nimbler" and more likely to move quickly? Or is the new CEO less excited about Bitcoin than John Donahue was?
@_date: 2014-12-14 03:02:05


Yeah, that seems a little crazy. I guess the thinking is that most gold trading is actually "paper gold" and therefore involves some degree of centralization. And/or the fact that so much of the world's gold is held by central banks. But I would have at least given it a "moderate" rating. 


I agree, especially re: wide acceptance. (See my other comment in this thread.) But I'd argue that volatility really goes hand in hand with wide acceptance.
@_date: 2014-10-03 00:12:25
Consider that Bitcoin isn't *really* the current protocol used to maintain the Bitcoin ledger. It IS that ledger. The protocol can be, has been, and will continue to be improved. So to make another VHS analogy, Bitcoin is less like VHS and more like the movies themselves. Just because we switched to DVD players / online files doesn't mean we can't watch old movies that were first released when VHS was dominant because that informational content could be and was carried over to the new formats.
@_date: 2014-12-05 11:58:11
I thought the "teacher's" comments alone made it a pretty obvious fake.


And then on top of all that, the "teacher" apparently drew a huge 'X' over the entire first page of text. I'm surprised the dude fishing for tips with that crap didn't throw in an, "I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul."
**edit:** boy, do I have egg on my face. I just read [the update]( and now believe the story is legit. I challenge anyone to read it and then tell me with a straight face that they still believe the story was a fabrication.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:32:03




For God's sake, let the man go!
@_date: 2014-10-22 19:35:44
The nerve of those "bitcoin people" -- trying to compete with the people who are trying to compete against them. I know some people think that "fascist" is one of those words that's been overused so much it's lost all its meaning, but I think your invocation of it in this case was spot-on. 
@_date: 2014-09-09 00:00:28
And just to reiterate, *I'm* having a hard time picturing my response to your statement in 2012. "Well, *of course* Paypal wants to integrate bitcoin as a payment option (since they can immediately convert them to dollars)." It would have blown my mind. 
@_date: 2014-04-05 06:24:39
"Every bear market ends after the last turd has been flushed down the toilet."
I can't remember. Was that Warren Buffett or Peter Lynch?
@_date: 2014-06-09 13:35:07
Thanks! 250 bits 
@_date: 2014-12-20 21:11:23
200 bits - I'd recommend breadwallet (iOS) or mycelium (android) for a first wallet. Feel free to PM with any questions or head over to @_date: 2014-12-06 15:08:00
Well, I think it goes without saying that they should return those too. And if they have any class, they should really also consider getting the guy one of those Edible Arrangements or some Omaha steaks or something like that to help bury the hatchet.
@_date: 2014-11-14 20:26:46
Why would fixing all of Bitcoin's problems make the price collapse? I would think it would tend to have the opposite effect. I mean, obviously the invention of a new ledger-updating *protocol* doesn't require us to abandon Bitcoin's current *ledger* and start from scratch.
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:56:00
I wrote this last year.
On the twelfth day of Bit-mas
Satoshi sent to me:
Twelve moon rockets launching
Eleven whales a dumping
Ten trolls a trolling
Nine exchanges goxing
Eight bankers freaking
Seven ASICs hashing
Six mixers mixing
FIVE CASASCIUS COINS
Four crying bears
Three black swans
Two alpaca socks
And a bitcoin in a Merkle tree.
@_date: 2014-12-08 14:05:17
This is not gentlemen. Downvoted.
@_date: 2014-12-05 17:21:52
First off, I have a lot of respect for you and think you're generally a very reasonable voice and that your take on things is usually spot-on, but I've gotta disagree with you on this one.
People aren't trying to "tear down" CyanidandMadness because he received some tips. They're upset at what they see as a blatant fabrication intended to elicit tips from gullible bitcoiners. If the story is a fabrication, that's shady behavior and not something we should have much tolerance for. There's nothing wrong with expressing skepticism about the story, or of having a bit of fun in the process. Of course, as always, you don't have to be a dick about it. You can express skepticism without making any ugly personal attacks against the guy. And *no one* should be attacking the dude's son (assuming the kid in the picture is his son).
Personally, I find it *very* hard to believe that CyanideandMadness' story is legitimate. I obviously don't *know* that it's false, but it made my BS detector ping very loudly. The teacher's response strikes me as just way too over-the-top to be real. And it's also the kind of story that would (and did) elicit a large number of tips. I read it when it was first posted and thought two things immediately: "1) yeah that's almost certainly bullshit, and 2) the people on this sub who believe it are going to be falling all over themselves to throw tips at this guy." I was vindicated with respect to the second opinion, and still haven't seen anything to make me change my mind about the first.
Edit: two more points. The formula of the guy's post is also familiar at this point. OP claims to be, or to be speaking on behalf of, a precocious child whose Bitcoin enthusiasm causes him to be wronged by the bullying tactics of an ignorant, adult authority figure. So, step one: post something like "I was handing out paper wallets to the other kids in my social studies class when the teacher grabbed them away because she said that bitcoin was only used to buy drugs! It was only like ten bucks worth but it made me really sad because that's like 2 weeks of my allowance." Step 2: profit as the sympathy tips roll in.
Second point, being skeptical of these kinds of stories is not about the community "tearing itself apart." It's about the community attempting to police itself and help Bitcoiners avoid being duped by scams.
@_date: 2014-04-17 22:31:08
You sound like a fun guy.
@_date: 2014-08-11 21:48:28


Wait, are you saying the money *might be* the proceeds of a consensual exchange for the sale of politically-disfavored intoxicants? Well then I'm totally cool with "the authorities" stealing it. No proof even needed. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 00:05:27




It sounds like actual implementation (and signage) should be coming soon.
@_date: 2014-07-25 15:19:37
Here's a comment I wrote about bitcoin and fractional reserve banking a little while back:


@_date: 2014-04-25 20:19:28
Apple has a 500 billion dollar market cap so no fair since the comparison was supposed to be for mid caps. In any case, I do think the fanaticism of many bitcoiners exceeds that of the Apple fanboys. 
@_date: 2014-06-05 14:38:19
He's anti-fragile, dude. But yeah, I bet the first few minutes were pretty uncomfortable while the devs for his respiratory and temperature regulation systems figured out a workaround.
@_date: 2014-10-18 18:53:02
What's the explanation for why the boot loader is not open source?
@_date: 2014-02-07 13:07:54
I count 9 out of 11 for government.
@_date: 2014-07-25 15:48:42
I agree that safe storage of funds is a valuable service provided by banks.  But the reason you need a bank to store your fiat money safely is because you can't encrypt cash, make a backup of it in case it's lost to fire, or use the equivalent of multi-sig to eliminate the loss / theft of one piece of paper as a single point of failure. In the bitcoin world, using a "bank" a la coinbase introduces more risk (in the form of counterparty risk) than it eliminates. That would be especially true if the bank were operating on a fractional reserve basis. I see services like green address that hold one key but can't run off with your coins being a better solution to helping people secure their bitcoin. As far as banks providing an investment yield on savings -- have you checked those interest rates lately? They're effectively zero and negative when inflation is taken into account. With bitcoin they'll still be a need for services that pair lenders with borrowers but I'm not sure they'll bear much resemblance to traditional banking. 
@_date: 2014-11-13 17:53:58
Great points. Bitcoin the currency is also "touchy" because of its subversive / "political" implications. Bitcoin as a competitor to PayPal is a helluva lot less threatening to the status quo than Bitcoin as a competitor to the U.S. dollar.
@_date: 2014-06-03 17:57:48
"If you were female" you'd be ashamed? But since you're a man, you're not? Oh I get it. You think shame is an emotion that should only be experienced by the "weaker sex" but that it's not ok for a "real man" like yourself to feel shame. God damn, but that is offensive. You know, it's sexist garbage like your comment that gives this sub a bad name and makes it feel unwelcoming to many women. 50 cents - please put that towards some sensitivity training.
@_date: 2014-02-04 18:55:43
Here's my standard comment on deflation. See what you think.
The fixed-supply (deflationary) nature of Bitcoin is a feature, not a bug. Yes, deflation makes saving (deferring consumption) relatively more attractive than immediate consumption. But that's not a bad thing, and it's only half of the story. It also makes *acquiring* money more attractive. And how does one acquire money (assuming they're not a central bank and can't just create it out of thin air)? By receiving it in exchange for providing valuable goods and services. The easiest way to see that deflation is in fact beneficial is to recognize that **saving money is really just a form of lending.** Money isn’t wealth. It’s an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. In other words, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person’s wants or needs -- you can't eat 100-dollar bills, after all). Thus, when you save money, you are essentially holding an IOU. Imagine that you have enough money to buy a car today but hold off buying the car for a year. In that scenario, that car (or the resources that would have gone into making it) is still available to be immediately used by someone else. You have effectively loaned it to them. And that’s why savers are rewarded with increased purchasing power in an economy that uses sound money. In that kind of economy, **deflation is simply the market-determined interest rate for an extremely low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time** (by spending the money).
@_date: 2014-12-08 18:34:21


Well, some of us see that as a good thing. I view the war on (certain) drugs as an atrocity. Using violence in a largely-futile effort to control what people choose to put into their own bodies and consciousness is barbaric. It's also counterproductive. Drug prohibition doesn't solve the very real problems of substance abuse and addiction. It makes them worse and piles on a whole slew of new prohibition-related problems: more dangerous drugs, black market violence, empowering and enriching organized crime, official corruption, mass incarceration, diverting scarce law enforcement resources away from solving real crimes, driving a wedge between police and the communities they're supposed to "serve and protect," undermining basic civil liberties, etc. etc.
@_date: 2014-11-02 08:39:33


Yes, because saving money is equivalent to making an investment in the overall economy. Money isn't wealth. It gives you the ability to make an immediate *claim* on wealth. When you don't exercise that claim immediately, the resources that would have gone to satisfying your present consumption remain available to be used by others who do choose to spend now (whether for consumption or investment). You have, in effect, loaned those resources to society. In an economy that uses sound money, the rate of deflation thus represents the market-determined "interest rate" on a very low-risk "loan" that can be recalled at any time (by spending the money).
Also consider that the value of money is simply its price. Allowing a central authority to manipulate the quantity of money in an effort to change that value is a form of price controls. Those price controls (like all price controls) interfere with the signalling and rationing functions that prices are supposed to perform. Arguing that we need to expand the money supply as the economy grows is like arguing that we need to increase the number of inches in a foot as a child grows to properly measure his height.
Edit: also, in your example, the relative wealth of the more efficient farmers will increase vis-a-vis the less efficient ones. The use of a fixed-supply money doesn't change that.
@_date: 2014-05-04 20:28:22
Well, I wasn't really talking about merchants. I was just talking about the trust that is or is not required to transmit and hold various types of money. (For example, if the payment is a remittance to your family, there's no merchant who can screw you over by not delivering the goods.)


Not sure why you think those things aren't possible with bitcoin. They're simply layers that could be built on top of bitcoin. In fact, some of them can be done more flexibly thanks to Bitcoin's programmable nature. For example you can do 2-3 multisig escrow where the party acting as escrow can't run off with the money (because he only has one key). But having a simple protocol as the base layer is beneficial because it provides maximum flexibility.
@_date: 2014-08-05 16:08:19
I'm not sure that's the best explanation because it's not immediately obvious why you "already own" a portion of the newly-created wealth when the economy expands. I prefer to explain saving as a form of lending and deflation as "interest" on that loan. Here's a comment I posted earlier today in another thread:


@_date: 2014-06-03 14:24:59
Make sure to get the kind with wings. We're gonna need them.
@_date: 2014-06-25 17:12:14
Once a day? I can't relate to either side of that analogy.
@_date: 2014-07-23 18:07:37
Then you use a different model but it could still be helpful to have a payment procesor in the middle accepting some risk on behalf of the consumer because as a repeat actor they may be better equipped to collect from the merchant via a lawsuit or simply by using the leverage of threatening to drop the merchant as a customer. But in your scenario, I don't see how the situation is really any different whether bitcoin or fiat is used. If the merchant has actually used the money such that there's nothing left in the account that was credited with the payment, "reversing" the payment at that point is just saying that the merchant owes the payment processor the amount of the payment. They still have to collect.
@_date: 2014-04-21 22:19:10


Yeah, I'm not what you might call "super technical" so I honestly know very little about any of those examples.  :)  I guess my intuition is to be skeptical that in those cases (a) preserving continuity / interoperability between old and new versions of the protocol was *as important* as it is to preserve the continuity of a monetary ledger (see some of my other recent comments where I argue that this is absolutely critical) and (b) preserving continuity / interoperability was *as easy* as it is to preserve the continuity of Bitcoin's ledger.  With respect to the latter point, note that (in the case of a hard fork) you don't even need to preserve the interoperability of the software in order to preserve the continuity of the ledger.  


Maybe, but it's also the case that the more popular bitcoin gets, the stronger the incentive to patch the software.  And yes, hard forks are potentially painful, but in the case of a serious challenger, I think it would be *less* painful than the alternative of being replaced.
@_date: 2014-12-27 01:50:41
It looks so *violent*. Also, I notice that some of the players keep touching the ball with their hands, but the officials aren't calling it. WTF?
@_date: 2014-12-28 17:41:11
To clarify, people value things because of their (perceived, subjective) utility. If you don't like pizza and aren't starving (or if you are starving but want to die, i.e., don't value the continuation of your life) you won't take it even if offered for free.
Edit: some things might have universal or near-universal perceived utility because of widely-shared human preferences (e.g., fresh water because of the widely-shared preference for not dying of thirst), but that doesn't make that utility (or the goods' value) "intrinsic."
@_date: 2014-10-01 17:52:36
Good question, but I think if you consider the issue a little deeper you'll see that there's not really any contradiction. First, here's my standard argument for why I believe Bitcoin will be able to fend off challenges from altcoins (implicitly arguing that network effects are more important).


Now does any of that apply to Bitcoin vs. the dollar? No. The dollar's fatal flaws are that it's centralized, easily-censored, and not reliably scarce. But the dollar isn't an open-source protocol that can simply be forked / upgraded to steal Bitcoin's thunder by incorporating its technical features. So yes, network effects are still extremely important, and they give fiat currencies a distinct advantage over Bitcoin for many, many use cases of money. But because the technical superiority of Bitcoin over fiat is so great (and again critically, because fiat can't be upgraded--at least not in the fundamental ways that count), many people, myself included, give Bitcoin a fighting chance to overcome fiat currencies' greater network effects.
@_date: 2014-08-15 17:24:05
Litecoin, dogecoin, darkcoin, nxt -- there are lots of other currencies experiencing this kind of volatility.
@_date: 2014-08-07 22:54:08
SHUT YOUR FESTERING GOB, YOU TIT! YOUR TYPE MAKES ME PUKE! YOU VACUOUS STUFFY-NOSED MALODOROUS PERVERT!!!
For your trouble, $1.00
@_date: 2014-04-04 05:59:40
$.25 - keep the change ya filthy animal
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:16:11


Sure, but that objective capability is only valuable to you if you don't want to die of thirst. Of course, that's the vast majority of people. But so what? And even if that is almost everyone, there will still be subjective differences in terms of *how much* they value water. If you're a billionaire dying of thirst in the desert, and I ride by on a camel selling bottles of Aquafina, you might be willing to trade me your entire fortune for a bottle. Or you might decide that while you place *some* value on living another day, you value your ability to leave that money to your wife / kids / charity more. Also, why assume that humans are the only intelligent life? If we discover a race of intelligent aliens for whom water is toxic, does that mean that water will no longer possess "intrinsic value"? In short, my problem with the notion of "intrinsic value" is the implication that the value resides *in the thing itself* when value always describes a *relationship* between something and a valuer.
@_date: 2014-12-07 16:44:38
Well, it's a cake. You've got to assume a fork is going to be involved. (I'm not proud of that one.)
@_date: 2014-09-14 22:39:17
Well, of course salaries have also risen as a result of an inflating money supply. The price of labor is after all just another price. So does that mean that inflation doesn't matter and that we shouldn't care? Well, it's possible to imagine a scenario with non-harmful inflation. Let's say that on January 1st of every year, everyone is instructed to take all of their bills and add a zero with a sharpie. So a dollar bill becomes a ten-dollar bill, and a 100-dollar bill becomes a thousand-dollar bill. And the same thing occurs with bank accounts. Everyone's balance immediately increases ten-fold. And of course this plan is known to everyone well in advance and is taken into account by people when drafting agreements and planning price increases for goods and services they sell. (Edit: and obviously the tax code is adjusted accordingly so that there's no "bracket creep" and so that people don't owe capital gains on "gains" that are illusory and merely the result of inflation.) In that kind of scenario, inflation would be a wash. No one would be seriously hurt although there'd be some small deadweight loss as a result of the hassle of planning around it. But that's not how inflation works in the real world. There are winners and losers as a result of the Cantillon effect. And the bigger the inflation, the more some people got screwed (and the more some other people profited at their expense).
@_date: 2014-07-10 19:02:36
The point is not that the use of force is never justified. The point is that voting or other rituals don't magically make what would otherwise be unjust force "legitimate." The fact that you may be comfortable with "John &amp; Friends" forcibly intervening to stop / prevent certain actions by others doesn't change that fact. What gives or should give those interventions "legitimacy" is your own moral compass not the fact that the persons involved call themselves "government." Anarchism doesn't represent the belief that governments *shouldn't* exist. It represents the recognition that they *don't* exist.
@_date: 2014-05-12 17:23:18
Well, yeah. The fact that Bitcoin's 21 million fixed supply is still being distributed doesn't change the fact that it has a fixed supply. And the fact that we've seen a several month downtrend recently doesn't change the fact that Bitcoin has historically increased in value from year to year.
@_date: 2014-05-08 03:00:08
Honestly, I view both as so extremely unlikely that a comparison of their respective likelihoods is pretty academic. If we assume that bitcoin continues to be at least a somewhat widely used money, to lose all the bitcoin in the world you'd need millions if not billions of people to lose all their private keys more or less simultaneously. If only say half of the population loses their keys at a time, there's still plenty of time for the coins to be redistributed (the people who are now broke will probably want to earn back some money) and for the divisibility to be increased if necessary.
Re: your specific point, it's true that gold is harder to lose permanently but bitcoin is *in theory* harder to lose in the first place because it can be backed up. (Of course, that assumes that people will have finally learned the hard lessons and are following best practices to prevent their coins from being lost. We obviously are not there yet.) 
@_date: 2014-12-14 02:11:43
The detailed breakdown is nice, but I think it's also useful to think about the properties of money in terms of three broad categories: (1) reliable scarcity (the "store of value" aspect of money); (2) transactional efficiency (the "medium of exchange" aspect of money); and (3) acceptability / network effects (I guess we could call this the "money" aspect of money). The third category is the only one that's not represented on that table. Gold is reliably scarce but not transactionally efficient. Fiat is transactionally efficient but not reliably scarce. Both fiat and gold have high degrees of acceptability. Bitcoin is even more reliably scarce than gold and even more transactionally efficient than fiat. But it's acceptability is low. For now. But while gold can't become more transactionally efficient and fiat can't become more reliably scarce, Bitcoin can become more acceptable as more people begin to use and accept it.
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:41:50
Don't forget Circle. They've been tearing it up since they came out of "stealth mode." :P
Edit: Down-votes? What do you guys have against Circle?
Edit 2: 
@_date: 2014-03-27 19:02:30


Well who else is gonna do it?
@_date: 2014-06-21 19:49:45


True, but FRB only operates to expand the money supply when the I.O.U.'s begin to be treated as the equivalent of money. Why would we expect this to happen with Bitcoin? The I.O.U.'s wouldn't provide an advantage over actual BTC that would compensate for the risk of default. In contrast, it's MUCH more convenient to transact in gold I.O.U.'s rather than physical gold.  Also, there's no system of implicit and explicit governmental guarantees that would back up the issuers of Bitcoin I.O.U.'s.   
@_date: 2014-06-25 19:40:19
Yep, that's my conclusion. How about tackling my arguments?
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:33:04
I hope they use a Casascius coin for the coin flip.
@_date: 2014-12-05 18:14:18


*Of course* he didn't come out and ask for tips! That's not how this type of con works. Explicitly asking for tips would have been a clear social engineering no-no. It would have raised more suspicion, rubbed people the wrong way, and it could have gotten the thread deleted for violation of this sub's policies. 


I don't think many people are treating it like the scandal of the year. We're talking about it because it's the story du jour and because we obsessively discuss *everything* that relates to Bitcoin.
$3 ;)
@_date: 2014-11-18 16:35:39
Huh? Are you being serious? There's no Ponzi operator that's claiming to invest your funds in some mysterious enterprise (that doesn't actually exist) but who is actually using your funds to pay "returns" to earlier investors. Bitcoin doesn't promise any returns. Again, it is simply a new kind of commodity. You might believe that commodity is more "tulips 2.0" than "gold 2.0," but the Ponzi claim is just demonstrably false.
@_date: 2014-12-27 01:03:19
Thanks, but looking back at it now, I can't believe I wrote that. *cringe*
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:46:50
Yeah, no. This is *Dogecoin* done right. It was a really cool stunt, but it wouldn't have been nearly as fun had it been a bitcoin sponsorship. In part, that's because a lot of the fun for dogecoiners is seeing your obscure little hobby make an appearance in the "real world." Bitcoin has, at least to a large degree, passed that stage given the amount of media attention it's received. The other reason this "worked" for dogecoin is because dogecoin is, well, absurd (intentionally, wonderfully absurd) and seeing a Nascar race car wrapped in a dogecoin wrap is, for obvious reasons, hilariously awesome. People should stop trying to make bitcoin into dogecoin or, for that matter, dogecoin into bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-05 14:13:54
That's a great point. If you're going to count the new issuance of bitcoins as a transaction cost, you should absolutely do the same thing with the issuance of new dollars for an apples-to-apples comparison (and even then it's not truly apples-to-apples because the issuance of new bitcoins is a temporary and declining phenomenon whereas the creation of new dollars is permanent and accelerating).
@_date: 2014-09-06 17:07:40
Open Bazaar is designed to be a censorship-resistant market, i.e. one that will allow people to trade with one another in peace without becoming victims of state violence. If Open Bazaar is successful in achieving those goals, a Peace Prize for its creators might not be undeserved.
@_date: 2014-05-22 15:46:08


Sure, I'd still consider bitcoin to be pretty "fringe" notwithstanding the incredible gains it's made over the past few years. As far as proving Frankeh's point, well maybe, I guess that depends on what point you're referring to. I don't think the use case of buying bitcoins to immediately spend them is very compelling (with certain limited exceptions). I think the best reason to pay with bitcoins is because you have bitcoins (and you can't eat a bitcoin, wear a bitcoin, or use it for shelter). And in my view the best reason to have bitcoins (currently) is as a speculative investment. But again, I see that evolving over time in a very natural way.
Edit: also, I strongly agree with those who made the point that once you're in the system, i.e. once you already have bitcoins, Bitcoin is a *great* payment option.
@_date: 2014-05-15 15:36:27




Hope that the price of bitcoin falls further so we can "catch up"?
@_date: 2014-09-30 14:26:55


I really don't get why so many people are fixated on bitcoin the payment system. Converting fiat to bitcoins for the purpose of immediately buying something (from a merchant who will, in most cases, immediately convert those bitcoins back to fiat) doesn't strike me as a particularly compelling use case. I suppose it *could* make sense if the fees for conversion on both sides can be made low enough and the merchant can offer a sufficiently-large discount for using bitcoin. But it seems unlikely. Or at least very counterintuitive. (How the hell could fiat --&gt; bitcoin --&gt; fiat be more efficient than just fiat?) Of course, using Bitcoin purely as a payment system makes sense if you need to take advantage of its censorship-resistant nature (e.g. you're in the U.S. and you want to play online poker for real money or purchase an intoxicant on the government's naughty list). But in general the best reason to spend bitcoin is because you have bitcoin. And the best reason to have bitcoin is because you've bought it as a speculative investment. And the best reason to buy bitcoin as a speculative investment is because you believe it has the potential to be "gold 2.0," an easier-to-hide, easier-to-transport, more-reliably-scarce gold-like store of value. (Bitcoin also has the potential to one day become a widely-used "currency," but that implies a whole different level of success and one that will take much longer to achieve, assuming it ever happens at all.)
@_date: 2014-12-05 19:21:27
Yeah, I hear you man.  Too many people can't disagree online without becoming vicious and hateful and that's a shame. Oh, and you're more than welcome for the tip. (And thanks for having a sense of humor about it.) :)
@_date: 2014-10-23 03:25:42
By the way, thanks, I'd actually forgotten about that summary. I might tweak it a bit:


And while I do like that summary, I think it probably comes across as too "buzzwordy" to people who don't know anything about Bitcoin. And so I think I still prefer my current go-to explanation when introducing Bitcoin to noobs. It's a little more conversational and explanatory.
@_date: 2014-08-10 16:06:23
Well, if what solves the transaction fee problem is some type of off-chain solution that's denominated in and ultimately settled in bitcoin, that obviously won't replace bitcoin. And if someone figures out a cheaper, more efficient (and equally secure) way to achieve distributed consensus, then Bitcoin's consensus algorithm can be changed to take advantage of that improvement.
@_date: 2014-05-01 03:21:21
But only the very best cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2014-04-25 11:47:37
Economist commentary: *"Milton Friedman's erect penis is a shining example of what the invisible hand of the market can give rise to when it's allowed to really work."*
@_date: 2014-04-16 06:19:45
Yeah, I think the more important point is that the difference between what bitcorn predicted and what we've experienced is one of kind, not merely degree. A 70% drop in price from the peak to the post-crash bottom represents a major correction, but it's certainly not unprecedented. On a logarithmic scale, it's essentially "2 steps back." On the other hand, a crash to $10 from over $1000 would be unprecedented. That would be closer to 7 steps back. It would erase, not weeks worth of price gains, but over a year's worth. Pointing to the recent bear market and saying that it somehow vindicates bitcorn is like saying "well, it did rain that day" after a cult leader's failed prediction for the end of the world.
@_date: 2014-11-07 19:46:50
I think you also need to strongly consider making "private" the default setting and only publicly confirm tips when the user adds "verify". You could also consider leaving verifications as the default for tips larger than a certain threshold. 
@_date: 2014-09-10 13:22:57
Just to round things out, I continue to take the position that ApplePay is **largely irrelevant** to Bitcoin's chances of success.
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:17:18
Here's how I usually explain what Bitcoin is and why it matters:
The reason it's so hard for most people to understand Bitcoin is that most people don't really understand money. Money isn't wealth. It's an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. (The paradox of money is that while everyone wants it, no one actually wants it - they want the stuff they can buy with it!) Many people are put off by the fact that bitcoins are "just zeroes and ones." But that's what ALL money is, information! More precisely, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person's wants or needs).
To put it yet another way, money is a ledger. With fiat currencies like the dollar, that ledger is centralized. And that gives the central authority responsible for maintaining that ledger tremendous power, power that history has proven will inevitably be abused. With Bitcoin, the ledger is decentralized. And that means that no one individual or entity has the power to arbitrarily create new units (thereby causing inflation), freeze (or seize) your account, or block a particular payment from being processed. We've had decentralized money before. After all, no one can simply print new gold into existence. And the "ledger" of gold is distributed because the physical gold itself (the "accounting entries" in the metaphor) is distributed. But with gold, that decentralization comes at a heavy price (literally). The physical nature of gold makes it hugely inefficient from a transactional perspective.
Enter Bitcoin.
It is the first currency in the world that is BOTH decentralized AND digital. It is more reliably scarce than gold, more transactionally efficient than "modern" digital banking, and enables greater financial privacy than cash. It could certainly still fail for one reason or another, but if it doesn't, it has the potential to be very, VERY disruptive.
@_date: 2014-10-17 18:33:45
Consider my take on the subject:


The reality is that Bitcoin's *ability* to facilitate irreversible payments is an incredible feature and what's really important. That feature is inseparable from Bitcoin's core value proposition as the first money and payment network that allows you to hold and transfer value without the requirement of a trusted intermediary. But that doesn't mean that there won't be situations where you will want to use a trusted intermediary to allow for chargebacks or the equivalent. And that can be offered by services built on top of the basic bitcoin protocol. But the important point is that bitcoin is more versatile because you have choice. And Bitcoin's nature as programmable money also means that those chargeback-or-equivalent services can be done in novel ways (e.g., multisig transactions that prevent the escrow agent from simply running off with the money). In contrast if I want to irreversibly, trustlessly send fiat to someone over the internet, I can't do so. And so I'm forced to not only trust a fiat payment processor but also to pay for their dispute resolution services (since they are baked into their fees).
@_date: 2014-07-11 16:23:00


If I understand the process--and I think I do--you have to solve "complex mathematical puzzles" in order to download your shares, correct?
@_date: 2014-09-08 18:25:46
They're behind schedule. That was Elizabeth Holmes.
@_date: 2014-02-04 03:16:01
Long-term, I'm a super-bull.  I think $100K+ per coin is a very real possibility. Short- to medium-term? I don't really know. My *guess* is we'll follow the general pattern seen after previous "bubbles." 
@_date: 2014-02-08 20:44:31
Bitcoin doesn't have a political problem so much as politics has a bitcoin problem.
@_date: 2014-12-06 12:45:31
It's "weakness of ECC [elliptic curve cryptography]"
@_date: 2014-07-27 14:35:50
@_date: 2014-10-22 12:03:22
I guess I don't see how a dislike of the self-selected people who frequent would translate into skepticism of the technology? 
@_date: 2014-07-27 16:05:34
Typically, when bitcoin has "lost value" in the past, it's unwound a few weeks worth of super-exponential gains, consolidated at a price that is significantly higher than the start of the run-up, and then eventually gone on to achieve a new high that is an order of magnitude greater than the previous one.
But yes, r/bitcoin also sees an increase in suicide hotline troll posts as part of that cycle.
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:55:23


There are basically two types or sources of deflation. There's deflation caused by a growing economy (the same amount of money chasing more goods) and then there's deflation caused by a reduction in the money supply (less money chasing the same number of goods). The latter case is possible because in our fractional-reserve fiat system, most money is actually debt. When debt is paid down or extinguished the money supply decreases. The problem is also that central banks seek to artificially control the interest rate. And they generally set it too low making credit artificially cheap. That fuels an inflationary bubble, but it's an unsustainable one. And thus it also sets the stage for the eventual painful deflationary bust caused by deleveraging. In that case, the debt deflation isn't really the cause of the economic contraction. It's the symptom. And again, the real cause is the inflation-fueled bubble that preceded it. At least that's my understanding of the situation. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 11:06:26
Yeah that bothered me as well.
@_date: 2014-12-20 01:52:54
More like a palm to the face.
@_date: 2014-12-02 02:46:15


Exactly! That's one of the reasons I love Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-04 04:08:34
Interesting.  I think of alts in terms of the sword of damocles.  "The value of the sword is not that it falls, but rather, that it hangs." We want competition to force Bitcoin to innovate and continue to improve.  But from a systemic perspective, we shouldn't actually want that competition to successfully displace Bitcoin.  And I don't say that because I own a lot of Bitcoin (ok, that's not the *only* reason I say it), but because it would undermine the usefulness of crypto by making it a less reliable store of value.  
@_date: 2014-12-03 15:51:22
That's like the most important pillar. :P
It sounds circular because the point is to focus on the positive feedback *loop* / network effects aspect of bitcoin adoption. Increased user adoption gives rise to increased usefulness. But that increased usefulness can in turn trigger further increases in adoption.
**Edit:** I really like Daniel Krawisz's [crystallization analogy]( for describing this process:








@_date: 2014-04-05 17:42:51


Yes, and bitcoins are also scarce. Any asset that is both useful and scarce will have a price, i.e. the market will place a value on it.  In my view, the term "intrinsic value" is a flawed one.  All value is subjective.  In other words, value requires a valuer.  If by "no intrinsic value" you mean that bitcoins don't have significant non-exchange / non-monetary usefulness, that's probably true.  But it's also irrelevant.  Bitcoin is still incredibly useful *as money*, and that's enough. It doesn't also have to be useful as, e.g., a floor wax or dessert topping.
@_date: 2014-04-21 17:57:25
This is a point that many people seem to miss, including many defenders of Bitcoin's continued supremacy. "Bitcoin is a protocol that benefits from network effects, and such protocols are sticky." Close, but bitcoin is actually a *dynamic* protocol that benefits from network effects, making it (potentially) super-sticky. Or, to think about it another way, bitcoin isn't *really* the current implementation of the Bitcoin protocol used to maintain and update the Bitcoin ledger; it is that ledger. The protocol can be, has been, and will continue to be improved. If something significantly better comes along and begins to take serious market share from bitcoin, that would provide a strong incentive for bitcoin stakeholders to modify the protocol to incorporate the improvements. This doesn't mean that it's impossible that an alt-ledger will come along and overcome Bitcoin's first-mover advantage. That's certainly a possibility, but I don't believe it will be as easy as many people seem to think.
@_date: 2014-02-01 00:09:34
Lighten up, shibe. :) +flip verify
@_date: 2014-06-09 05:40:53
"Paper millionaire" seems more apt as a term of disparagement for those (attempting to) store their wealth in fiat.
@_date: 2014-05-12 17:11:15
It sounds like he is going to save the money -- he'd just prefer to do so in a deflationary currency rather than in an inflationary one.
@_date: 2014-08-11 01:23:58
Linked post is twenty days old. I think the statute of limitations has run on that one.
@_date: 2014-10-18 16:09:57


Here are my thoughts on Bitcoin and fractional reserve banking:


@_date: 2014-12-02 02:50:21


The point is not to get the politicians to listen to your voice. The point is to stop listening to theirs.
@_date: 2014-10-24 16:37:49
That's true of unencrypted paper wallets. Keeping that value secure is analogous to securing cash. Vis-a-vis theft, if someone gets a hold of your unencrypted paper wallet or your cash, the money is gone. (Unless you discover the theft of the paper wallet and sweep before they do using a backup.) Another difference is that an unencrypted paper wallet is more secure against loss because you can make backups and keep them in different places. Can't do that with cash or they call you a counterfeiter.
But making an *encrypted* paper wallet and keeping one copy in your home and another in say a safe deposit box is a pretty straightforward way to obtain a much stronger level of protection against both theft and loss. (The main loss vector becomes forgetting your password.)
And then there are more complicated solutions that involve multisig or Shamir's secret sharing algorithm.
@_date: 2014-09-25 20:39:24


The difference is that money isn't wealth; it's a claim on wealth. When you hold inventory, no one else can use it. When you hold money, everyone else (who is spending now) gets the benefit of lower prices. So it makes sense that holding inventory would be "punished" and saving money rewarded in an economy using sound money. In such an economy, deflation simply represents the market-determined interest rate for a very low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time.
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:21:55
Oh I get that it's a real thing. I just don't think it's particularly desirable to artificially encourage present consumption by interfering with the signaling and rationing functions that prices are supposed to perform.
@_date: 2014-11-09 21:03:35


Really?  I've seen a fair number of people say that price doesn't matter (which I think is silly), but I don't think that describes most people.  My impression is that most people are perfectly happy to admit that they want Bitcoin to succeed both because they believe it will empower individuals by giving them greater freedom and control over their own money (which I suppose you could label a "political reason") *and* because they hope to profit off of Bitcoin's rise in value. 


I don't see anyone trying to shut alt-ledgers down, but a lot of Bitcoin enthusiasts are certainly skeptical about their future prospects.   [Here are my own thoughts on the subject](


As soon as a demonstrably better ledger-updating protocol comes along, you can be sure I will support hard forking Bitcoin to incorporate it.
@_date: 2014-05-08 02:09:27
No problem, dude. Feel free to PM me if you have any questions as you're getting up to speed. is also a good resource.
@_date: 2014-08-11 03:10:21


The current 100% fiat dollar is only 43 years old.
@_date: 2014-05-10 20:33:06
I was using "politics" in the narrower sense to refer to the decision-making process of a state. And the defining characteristic of the state is violence. In contrast, Bitcoin is a system built on the principle of consensus.
@_date: 2014-10-24 14:44:01
No, I don't think that's true at all. It's about the tradeoff between convenience and security. I think it makes sense to treat a hot wallet like a real wallet. Only keep in there an amount that wouldn't be devastating to lose. Paper wallets are for larger amounts and longer-term storage. Of course, you will periodically need to top-off your hot wallet from one of your paper wallets, but that's not a huge hassle. 
@_date: 2014-04-03 17:12:11
Something to get you started - $.50
@_date: 2014-08-22 19:06:01
Sure, if you add the qualifier "as a practical matter, for the typical user, as the technology exists today." I think my original point also stands: "if you do know what you're doing, it can be made much, much harder to lose."
@_date: 2014-11-10 14:35:36




The second statement is fine. The problem is your rephrasing of the statistic implies that we're *not* seeing fraud and theft on a massive scale. But we are. Theft is a defining function of governments and central banks and the influence of those institutions is not small. There are many in the top .1% who owe a great deal of their fortune, directly or indirectly, to the coercion of the state.
@_date: 2014-02-07 13:07:14


The cult of medical credentialism.  ;)
@_date: 2014-08-07 17:13:56
I ain't got no body left because I fasted too much. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 22:15:04
No way. Milton was the best character in *Office Space*.
@_date: 2014-10-22 02:16:03
I think that's orthogonal to my spectrum.  I don't see how the political views of today's "Bitcoin community" (which in reality, run the gamut) really matter. It's a technology. If you find it useful, use it. If you don't, don't. If Bitcoin continues to grow and become more popular, the views of its users will necessarily "normalize" to more closely reflect those of the wider public. In fact, we've already seen this. (I seem to recall seeing some survey results of Bitcoiners from maybe a few years back and last year, and the percentage of self-described anarchists / libertarians had dropped pretty sharply.)
@_date: 2014-10-03 01:43:00
Yeah, I really like it too. But note that it's just a more intuitive way of saying that prices (value) are a result of the intersection of supply (scarcity) and demand (which comes from a resource having utility).
@_date: 2014-08-31 19:03:50


But therein lies the problem. The supply and hence value of precious metals is vulnerable to shocks resulting from technological improvement. With bitcoin, improvements in mining technology just lead to faster difficulty adjustments.
@_date: 2014-10-24 16:11:55
But presumably when you did your super-duper paranoid and secure paper wallet creation, you spread the coins across a large number of addresses, with each of them holding only a modest sum.  So when you top off your hot wallet, you're just sweeping a single private key holding say, a $100 worth of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-02-05 20:22:55
Actually, bitcoin will make the lives of the biggest criminals (politicians and central banks) much, much harder. Bitcoin isn't a tool for facilitating crime. It's a tool for preventing it.
@_date: 2014-02-06 01:49:48
I'm getting a little tired of all the remakes though.
@_date: 2014-11-18 12:59:03
If you think that Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme, you don't know the definition of a Ponzi scheme, don't understand how Bitcoin works, or both. A Ponzi scheme is "a form of fraud in which belief in the success of a nonexistent enterprise is fostered by the payment of quick returns to the first investors from money invested by later investors." It is painfully, blindingly obvious that Bitcoin is not a Ponzi scheme. 
Bitcoin is also obviously not a "pyramid scheme." 


There is no Bitcoin "organization," no "directors," no need for you to recruit people beneath you in order to enjoy the benefits of Bitcoin. Bitcoin is just a commodity whose price, like that of any other commodity, is determined by the law of supply and demand.
Most people who level the Ponzi or pyramid scheme charge against Bitcoin are really attempting--inelegantly--to make the argument that Bitcoin is a "speculative bubble" (or "tulip mania") that requires an endless stream of "greater fools" to avoid collapse. That argument goes something like this: "why do people buy bitcoins? Because they hope to sell them in the future to other people for more money. But why do *those people* buy bitcoins? For the same reason. That's obviously unsustainable so the whole thing will come crashing down at some point." Here's what these people don't get. In a sense, *all* money relies on there being a "roughly equal or greater fool." In other words, the only reason anyone ever trades real value for little green pieces of paper or an electronic ledger entry is because they hope to, at some point in the future, exchange that money for something they really want, i.e. a good or service that can directly satisfy their wants or needs. But really, there's nothing "foolish" about money. It's a very useful accounting system for keeping track of value given but not yet received. Where the "digital tulips" crowd gets hung up is on the fact that *today's* holders of Bitcoin expect it to significantly increase in value, observing that such a thing can't continue forever. And that's true, but it doesn't have to. Bitcoin isn't a scheme that will collapse without endless exponential growth. Again, it's just a commodity. Its price can go up, down, or sideways (as the past five years have proven in sometimes dramatic fashion). Also, if Bitcoin achieves success as a gold alternative or even, as a true currency, people will trade real value for Bitcoin with the simple expectation that Bitcoin will *hold* its value (or increase in value relatively slowly at a rate commensurate with the growth of the overall economy).
Edit: people sometimes try to rebut the "tulip" argument by claiming that *they're* not hoping to sell their bitcoins for more fiat in the future, because they plan to "spend" them. That misses the point.  They're still holding bitcoin because they hope to exchange it for real value in the future (again, the same reason anyone holds any form of money). Whether they access that stored value by trading those bitcoins directly for goods and services or by going through the intermediate step of first trading them for fiat is really immaterial.
Edit2: Wow, thanks for all the tips, guys! 
@_date: 2014-01-01 11:51:00
Sounds like someone needs to do some more research. ;)
@_date: 2014-01-11 20:59:22
Good point. Or maybe even a little more forceful: "man, be damned. Can I am."
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:16:17
I'm seeing a lot of dogecar envy on r/bitcoin, and I think it's misplaced. As I said in response to a similar thread a little while back:


@_date: 2014-11-19 19:06:39
Das ist eigentlich eine gute Nachricht!
@_date: 2014-05-05 00:09:23
Don't cross the streams… It would be bad… Try to imagine all life as you know it stopping instantaneously and every molecule in your body exploding at the speed of light.
@_date: 2014-11-04 15:54:49
Great post. Agree completely. 1 internet (I upvoted it, too.) 
@_date: 2014-05-04 14:51:41


Well, I guess it depends on what you mean by scarce. Gold is scarce in the sense that its supply can't be arbitrarily increased. Like all commodities (and unlike fiat) its value will tend toward its marginal cost of production. It's also scarce in the sense that it has a high value to weight ratio (although this really gets at portability). Your concern is really with the possibility of a supply shock. What if the marginal cost of production changes dramatically because of a huge gold discovery (or because of some huge leap in mining technology, e.g. asteroid mining becomes feasible)? And you're right that that would be very bad in the sense that it would undermine gold's usefulness as a monetary asset. And it's another reason bitcoin is better: its supply is almost 100% predictable because the difficulty of mining is adjusted so that huge advances in mining technology don't result in supply shocks.
@_date: 2014-04-24 13:02:54
Bitcoin uses a blockchain protected by proof-of-work. Fiat uses a debtchain protected by proof-of-violence.  
@_date: 2014-01-13 00:40:24
According to wikipedia: "Fiat money has been defined variously as:
* any money declared by a government to be legal tender
*  state-issued money which is neither convertible by law to any other thing, nor fixed in value in terms of any objective standard.
* money without intrinsic value."
Cryptocurrencies obviously don't satisfy either of the first two definitions. With respect to the third definition, I think the term "intrinsic value" is a flawed one (I would argue that all value is subjective because it requires a valuer), but the term can also be understood to mean "non-exchange value."  In other words, something has "intrinsic value" if there is a significant demand in the marketplace from people who want to use it for some non-monetary purpose.  What's interesting about cryptocurrency is that the choice of definition probably never mattered until now. Personally, I like the term "quasi-commodity money," which some have suggested to describe cryptocurrencies.  Cryptocurrencies are like commodities in that their value,  assuming competing suppliers, will tend to equal their marginal cost of production.
@_date: 2014-04-05 00:54:21
Yeah, I've seen this argument a few times and I don't find it very convincing. First, the block reward can't really be considered a "transaction fee" from the perspective of a user. If you have X amount of value in bitcoin you can transmit it anywhere in the world very cheaply in the sense that the recipient on the other end will still receive X in value or very close to it. And there's a second reason it isn't really fair to compare the block reward to the transaction fees associated with payment processors like VISA: payment processing is not the only function that miners are performing. They're also serving to protect the currency from debasement by controlling and capping its issuance. That's something that VISA obviously can't do. And in my view it's a service well worth paying for. Mining also replaces -- or perhaps more accurately facilitates the replacement of -- the secure storage of one's funds that's currently provided by banks. Finally, it should be noted that initially-quite-high block rewards are also a temporary phenomenon that's being used to bootstrap the creation of a secure network.
@_date: 2014-07-11 18:55:14


Not only that. Saving itself can be thought of as an investment in the overall economy. Money isn't wealth. It represents your ability to make an immediate claim on wealth. When you don't exercise that claim immediately, the real resources that would have gone into satisfying your present consumption remain available to be used by others, including businesses who can use those resources to increase their future productive capacity.
@_date: 2014-02-04 02:47:05


That would be insane, but no one's saying that.  Bitcoin isn't the current implementation of the Bitcoin protocol used to maintain and update the Bitcoin ledger; it is that ledger.  The protocol can be, has been, and will continue to be improved.  On the other hand, the idea that we should be constantly switching *ledgers* when protocol developments are made IS insane.  
@_date: 2014-12-13 02:36:41
Thanks, dude!
@_date: 2014-09-08 16:57:59
Are you saying you *didn't* get "harmony har unstoppable with acecomm" when you listened to it?
@_date: 2014-08-11 22:49:04
Why? As an anarchist, I can't make arguments that appeal to constitutionalists? 
@_date: 2014-12-02 05:52:01
Diane Court: Nobody thinks it will work, do they?
Lloyd Dobler: No. You just described every great success story. 
@_date: 2014-04-05 15:52:21


Well... maybe.  But that seems like semantics.  The more important point is that miners are an integral part of the "entire Bitcoin Network."  You can't really have a proof-of-work based blockchain without people to do the "work."  Your argument is sort of like saying, "wings don't enable a jet to fly; it's the entirety of the jet including the engine that does that."
@_date: 2014-05-12 00:41:26


I'm not petty enough to care about credit for something like this\*, but I think I may have coined that phrase a few weeks ago when I wrote that fiat uses a debtchain secured by proof-of-violence.
\*I totally AM that petty.
@_date: 2014-08-08 23:45:07
Ah, yes the "official" spelling according to "authorities." Speling is volunterry, bro. ;)
@_date: 2014-10-22 12:24:02
You should ask more questions.
@_date: 2014-08-13 12:43:04


@_date: 2014-09-28 18:30:59
Money is memory, and inflation is early-onset dementia. Bitcoin gets it right. When you save your money, that means that you've given value but not yet received any kind of real satisfaction. Money isn't wealth; it gives you the ability to make a *claim* on a certain amount of real wealth. When you don't exercise that claim immediately, the resources that would have gone to satisfying your present consumption remain available to be used by others (for consumption or investment). You have effectively loaned those resources to society. In an economy that uses sound money, deflation represents the market-determined "interest rate" on a very low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time (by spending the money).
Edit: and not only does inflation cause real memories to fade, it does so by replacing them with false memories. Money is supposed to be the credible representation of value given but not yet received, but newly-created money that has been conjured out of thin air can't make such a representation truthfully.
@_date: 2014-12-14 15:12:50
Well, the pure fiat dollar has only existed since 1971. And the inflation rate hasn't always been small or predictable over that time period. There were several years in the 1970s and early 1980s where it averaged over 10 percent. And even a small predictable inflation translates into significant lost purchasing power over an extended period. Or just look at a graph of any measure of the dollar money supply you like (e.g. M1) and you'll see that it grows exponentially over time (that's how you get steady inflation). Now compare that curve to the Bitcoin money supply curve.
@_date: 2014-08-01 17:52:17
Link was posted to reddit 11-20-13. Looks like bitcoin price traded between about $440 and $620 on that day. Bitcoin is currently trading near the top of that range and hasn't traded significantly below the bottom of that range for any meaningful length of time over the past 8 months. So, I think you could make a pretty good case that the price wasn't particularly bubbalicious when that was posted (although it became so shortly afterward).
And the underlying blog post (to which the reddit post was linking) is dated 11-12-13 when the price was in the mid-300 range (although if you look at the embedded price chart it appears to have been written a little earlier when the price hit around $280). Also, the title of that blog post wasn't saying that there wouldn't be future bubbles, just that the price had not yet entered bubble territory. From that post:




I'd say that analysis appears to have held up pretty well. 
@_date: 2014-10-22 11:38:42
Thanks! I don't find the argument that Bitcoin fails to solve a real problem convincing at all.  Again, I think fiat is broken because (among other reasons) it's not reliably scarce, and I think gold is broken because I can't instantly teleport it halfway across the world.  How does Bitcoin's world takeover play out, assuming for the moment that it is in fact going to happen? Well, I don't know.  In general, I think it plays out iteratively over the next 10-15 years. More people learn about Bitcoin and begin to experiment with it.  The network gets bigger and more valuable.  People continue to develop tools that make Bitcoin easier to use securely.  Those tools and the network's growth make new applications feasible (ETF's, remittance networks, OpenBazaar, etc.).  People develop those applications.  Those applications encourage more people to join the network.  That growth in turn means that other applications are now feasible, etc., etc.  
@_date: 2014-05-25 12:38:49
In that case, here's a little more so you have enough to tip some forward. :) 1000 bits
@_date: 2014-08-02 03:43:22
"maker of chains, slayer of bankers, and first of his hash...."
@_date: 2014-10-22 15:15:43
So *I'm* a bit confused on what a "Bitcoin" is...
@_date: 2014-07-27 19:46:35
Here's how I usually explain what Bitcoin is and why it matters:
The reason it's so hard for most people to understand Bitcoin is that most people don't really understand money. Money isn't wealth. It's an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. (The paradox of money is that while everyone wants it, no one actually wants it - they want the stuff they can buy with it!) Many people are put off by the fact that bitcoins are "just data." But that's what ALL money is, information! More precisely, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person's wants or needs).
To put it yet another way, money is a ledger. With fiat currencies like the dollar, that ledger is centralized. And that gives the central authority responsible for maintaining that ledger tremendous power, power that history has proven will inevitably be abused. With Bitcoin, the ledger is decentralized. And that means that no one individual or entity has the power to arbitrarily create new units (thereby causing inflation), freeze (or seize) your account, or block a particular payment from being processed. We've had decentralized money before. After all, no one can simply print new gold into existence. And the "ledger" of gold is distributed because the physical gold itself (the "accounting entries" in the metaphor) is distributed. But with gold, that decentralization comes at a heavy price (literally). The physical nature of gold makes it hugely inefficient from a transactional perspective.
Enter Bitcoin.
It is the first currency in the world that is BOTH decentralized AND digital. It is more reliably scarce than gold, more transactionally efficient than "modern" digital banking, and enables greater financial privacy than cash. It could certainly still fail for one reason or another, but if it doesn't, it has the potential to be very, VERY disruptive.
And if you really want to dig into the *how* of Bitcoin, [this video]( is the best explanation I've seen.  
@_date: 2014-12-14 02:40:31
Thanks! Another framework for comparison between gold, fiat, and Bitcoin that I think is useful is the requirement for trust (or lack thereof).  Bitcoin is the first form of money that can be both stored and transferred (including across distance) without counterparty risk. In contrast, if I want to send you dollars, unless it's a person-to-person transfer of physical cash (which has risks of its own), I have to trust some kind of middleman to effect the transfer (a bank, PayPal, Western Union, etc.). And to hold dollars, even in cash, means that I have to trust the central bank not to steal their purchasing power through money printing.  Gold may require less trust to hold (although safe storage is a non-trivial problem), but the problem of transferring it safely remains, not to mention the fact that physically moving gold is massively inefficient.  And so people would traditionally transact not with physical gold but with gold IOUs, which of course brings you right back to the problem of having to trust the IOUs' issuer.  
@_date: 2014-07-10 19:22:02
Well, of course you *can* be "punished" (e.g., locked in a cage / extorted / killed, etc.) by men with guns who will claim that their actions are on behalf of something called "government." And of course you don't "have to" feel guilty when it happens. You certainly *can* feel guilty for your past actions if they are inconsistent with your individual notion of morality. But feeling guilty *because you're being punished by a gang that happens to call itself "government"*? I can't really relate to that.
@_date: 2014-02-04 02:56:13
Right now, I'd say Bitcoin's more important function (i.e. the source of most of its demand) is as a highly-speculative investment. At some point (if it succeeds) it will transition to being a less-speculative (lower risk, lower reward) "store of value," i.e., a gold-like alternative to holding depreciating fiat. When and if it reaches saturation (at a valuation that will likely be several orders of magnitude higher than it is currently), then and only then will its primary utility come from its usefulness as a currency (i.e. a direct medium of exchange).
I think it's a very common misconception that Bitcoin is "supposed to be" a currency now or that it can only be valuable if it succeeds as a direct medium of exchange. Consider that the vast majority of gold's valuation comes from its usefulness as a financial asset, i.e. a store of value, despite the fact that very few people "spend" their gold directly. Instead they access the stored value represented by their gold by going through the intermediate step of first exchanging it for fiat. Bitcoin, unlike gold, has the potential to be an amazingly efficient direct medium of exchange. But success as a direct medium of exchange is much more reliant on network effects, i.e. it will take longer. 
@_date: 2014-10-17 14:19:13
I'm not sure that you've really responded to the main thrust of my argument. Yes, you can still make loans with bitcoin. And yes you can still try to use the resulting IOUs as money, and you may even meet with some success. Again, I think the reasons for accepting bitcoin IOUs over bitcoin are far less compelling than those that apply in the case of gold or fiat, but it will likely still happen to at least *some* extent. But the important point is that there is a limit to how many of these money substitutes the market will tolerate, and thus an upper limit on the bitcoin money supply. You can only lever up so much. For an extreme example just to make a point, imagine that the bitcoin IOU supply has levered up so much that a single individual has 22 million "bitcoins" in his account. If he decides to withdraw them all, well, there's going to be a problem. And again, look at gold. The reason the US abandoned the gold standard (and thus defaulted on those obligations) is because it *did* impose a constraint on the money supply. 
@_date: 2014-12-07 16:02:41
Yeah, no, I get the game. And while my official position is that this kind of trolling is immature and stupid, my unofficial position is that it can also be pretty hilarious. The CyanideandMadness saga (and in particular, that "update") was pretty epic. And kylesdad72 making four changetip syntax errors in a row, that was inspired. This one I thought was pretty good, if not especially hilarious. And while my usual response to this kind of thing is to roll my eyes and move on, I have to say I was a little surprised to see that it was as successful as it was so I felt obliged to speak out. But hey, at least it didn't get any tips. Progress? ;)
@_date: 2014-12-09 19:24:44
Exactly. The more the price drops, the less it *can* drop. 
@_date: 2014-08-23 18:23:49
Transaction cost isn't the only reason that some individuals would prefer to use a centralized / off-blockchain service.  There's also the user-friendliness aspect / technical knowledge required to properly secure and spend your own bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-05-02 19:22:04
@_date: 2014-06-08 13:57:13




Wow, this could be bigger than Auroracoin!
@_date: 2014-11-09 21:07:53
Are you crazy? The yen is in some serious trouble.
@_date: 2014-12-05 15:41:47


That's definitely the "better" argument, although I don't find it to be a convincing one.
@_date: 2014-07-23 16:18:35
Quit paying taxes.
@_date: 2014-08-11 23:06:45
Yeah, I don't think that really works. So you're saying you oppose the enforcement of "drug laws," i.e. laws prohibiting the manufacture, sale, and possession of certain substances. But you support the enforcement of anti-money laundering type laws whose intended purpose is to make it more difficult for violators of drug laws to conceal those violations?
@_date: 2014-10-22 18:11:09
thatsthejoke.jpg 1 internet 
@_date: 2014-11-02 14:09:35


They're *treated as equivalent* but they're not the same thing. And the difference isn't purely cash vs. electronic. I'm referring to the difference between central bank money and commercial bank money. From Wikipedia:
*central bank money* (all money created by the central bank regardless of its form, e.g. banknotes, coins, electronic money)
*commercial bank money* (money created in the banking system through borrowing and lending) – sometimes referred to as checkbook money


See what you think of the argument I present in [this comment](


People are "encouraged" to spend money since that is literally all it's good for -- facilitating the exchange of real value, i.e. goods and services that can be used to directly satisfy a person's wants and needs. (Note that you can't eat a hundred dollar bill.) So it's not a question of spending vs. not spending. It's always a question of how do you choose to allocate your consumption across time -- how much to spend today vs. tomorrow vs. next year. A sound money that tends to increase in value over time is simply communicating a basic reality: there is an opportunity cost associated with present consumption. Resources that are used to satisfy consumption today can't also be used to expand productive capacity to enable even greater consumption tomorrow.


But that loan should be discouraged. The fact that it's not profitable in this scenario is because your modest-return investment was not the highest and best use of that capital when others are clearly able to generate much larger returns. Consider the [hypothetical in this comment](
@_date: 2014-02-04 16:03:48
You think roads could be built *without* the use of institutionalized violence? Keep dreaming, hippie.
@_date: 2014-06-26 15:26:51
I'm not surprised. Everything's up to date in Kansas City. They've gone about as far as they can go.
@_date: 2014-12-28 16:51:49
Here's how I think about it. Things don't *have* value. (Value isn't intrinsic.) People *value* things. (Value is subjective.) Why do they value things? Because of their utility. The utility of money, however, is a strange sort of utility because it involves speculation about others' future subjective valuations. In other words, the only reason I'm willing to trade things that I value (e.g., my time and labor) in exchange for money is because I predict that, at some point in the future, I'll be able to trade that money for something else that I "actually" want. And the only reason that the person I trade with will be willing to trade me for my money is because they'll be making the same kind of prediction. (It's turtles all the way down.) But my speculation that others will value Bitcoin in the future isn't based on "faith" or arbitrary "belief." It's based on my observation that Bitcoin has really excellent monetary properties (in short, it combines the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium).  As a result of those properties, I predict that, over time, Bitcoin may be able to steal significant monetary "market share" from other forms of money that lack those properties (e.g. gold and fiat).
@_date: 2014-12-07 17:56:07
Well, shit. In that case, I retract everything. And congrats on getting your account back from that hacker.
@_date: 2014-06-21 17:13:32


Well, yeah, of course. But those people are wrong. ;)


That's true. To quote Henry Ford: "It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning." But that wasn't my point. People don't need a deep systemic understanding to recognize that ["more is better than less."](


Sure you can mitigate the effects of inflation by making certain risky investments but that doesn't change the fact that a sound money should gain value over time as the economy grows. Money is a kind of societal IOU that represents value given but not yet received. When you save money, you effectively make a loan to the rest of society by forgoing consumption to which you are immediately entitled. The deflation rate of a sound money represents the market-determined interest rate of a very low risk loan that can be recalled at any time (by spending the money).


And that's one of the reasons Bitcoin's benefits are not yet readily apparent.
@_date: 2014-12-22 16:04:11
I give it 12 months tops.
@_date: 2014-08-07 17:45:06




He doesn't get it.
@_date: 2014-07-04 15:09:11
"redeemable for governmental services"? In other words, you can use it to satisfy the demands of a particular group of extortionists. [Bitcoin has that now too.](
@_date: 2014-06-04 22:40:16
I'd tweak the "Bitcoin is a protocol" argument a bit. If I can quote myself:


@_date: 2014-10-02 13:49:51
It is my favorite iOS wallet by far and I've tried them all. And it's the only one I would recommend to people who are new to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-17 14:40:10


You gonna drink that, bro? It's getting warm.
@_date: 2014-07-01 16:21:19
Although if he were ordering 120 million of something, he could probably negotiate a pretty good bulk discount.
@_date: 2014-06-08 14:37:58
There once was a professor Kinsella
Who seemed like a nice enough fella 
But his knowledge of Econ was lacking
"Bitcoins can't work without backing"
But what it is that backs fiat he couldn't tell ya
@_date: 2014-06-03 14:06:44
Really? Violent mood swings (just take a look at the charts for the past year), expensive as hell, difficult to live with (and the difficulty only goes up), and almost impossible for the average man to truly understand -- that all didn't give it away? 
@_date: 2014-04-28 21:11:32
Any updates on when / how film will be released to the public?
@_date: 2014-11-19 12:33:56


The fact that bitcoins can be permanently lost or irreversibly stolen with no central authority that can simply restore a lost account or reverse a theft, is an inevitable consequence of Bitcoin's fundamental value proposition as the first form of money that can be both stored and transferred without the need for a trusted central authority. Using a centralized currency doesn't prevent theft, it just makes the theft systemic. One of the great things about Bitcoin is that, if you know what you're doing, it's possible to make your bitcoins *incredibly* secure against loss or theft. You can't encrypt gold or cash, make backups of them, or use the equivalent of multi-sig or shamir's secret sharing algorithm to eliminate the loss of those unique physical objects as a single point of failure. You can do all of those things with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-06 23:53:35
Don't do that either.
@_date: 2014-11-23 20:40:18
No, sending a micro tip of a few cents to a non-Bitcoiner who hasn't expressed any interest in receiving or learning about Bitcoin isn't "insulting" ... but it is obnoxious.
As I wrote a few days ago:


@_date: 2014-12-12 21:34:05
Honestly, if your only interest in buying Bitcoin comes from your desire to use it as a way to pay for things, there probably is no significant advantage right now (i.e., no advantage significant enough to offset the accompanying hassle / expense / volatility exposure). To borrow from an earlier comment of mine:


That doesn't mean that Bitcoin's payment network isn't awesome. It is. But a lot of its awesomeness will only be realized if and when its adoption has gotten further along. (In other words, sending and receiving bitcoin is amazingly convenient if both parties are already "in the system," but if exchange to or from fiat is involved at one or both ends, that's going to offset a good chunk of Bitcoin's convenience advantage.)
@_date: 2014-10-22 23:24:11
Well, your source checks out. 1 internet
@_date: 2014-08-25 00:04:49
You're absolutely right. But nothing in your comment justifies the state. The fact that there are assholes who murder and steal is not a very good justification for empowering one particular gang of assholes to murder, steal, and otherwise violate the non-aggression principle (by imagining that *their* violence is somehow "legitimate"). As I always say, anarchism, properly understood, is not the belief that "governments" *shouldn't* exist; it's the recognition that they don't.
@_date: 2014-11-02 09:15:22


Of course there's a difference between IOUs for a thing and the thing itself. One has counterparty risk. The other doesn't. See what you think about [this comment]( that looks at the difference between debt-based (trust-based) money and non-trust-based money. 


Debt is absolutely very useful, but that doesn't mean that we need to use that debt as money. (Again, see my linked comment above.) 
@_date: 2014-10-22 21:19:22
The purpose is not to kill altcoins; it's to make *Bitcoin* more useful. If that has the unintended effect of making altcoins less valuable / important, well that's just how innovation often works. If altcoins really do provide something of value, then they'll survive. If not, they won't. But whining about the situation won't change anything. People aren't going to stop this research just because some people fear the consequences for their pet altcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-09 17:33:05


People hold Bitcoin for the same reason they hold all money, because they hope to, at some point in the future, exchange that money for real value (goods and services that can be use to directly satisfy their wants and needs). In other words, no one ever *really* wants money -- whether we're talking about bitcoins or dollars. They always want the *stuff* that the money can be exchanged for. You could say that money always relies on there being an "equal or greater fool." Think for a second about the apparent absurdity of your average exchange for dollars: "You traded your car for a couple of little pieces of green paper?! Yeah, but don't worry. I'll find some other idiot to take them off my hands in exchange for a new laptop." But really, there's nothing "foolish" about money. It's simply an accounting system for keeping track of value given but not yet received. You're probably getting hung up on the fact that *today's* holders expect Bitcoin to significantly increase in value, observing that such a thing can't continue forever. And that's true, but it doesn't have to continue forever. If Bitcoin achieves success as a gold alternative or even, as a true currency, people will trade real value for Bitcoin with the simple expectation that Bitcoin will *hold* its value (or increase in value relatively slowly at a rate commensurate with the growth of the overall economy). 
@_date: 2014-10-22 18:07:06
Well, I don't think it's true that libertarians as a rule don't like altcoins. I think that many Bitcoin holders are skeptical of the need for, and the likely success of, alt-ledgers, for reasons both self-interested and enlightened. (See my own views on the subject [here](
I think you're overestimating the extent to which the average person does view, or will view, the "bitcoin community" as this hugely politicized fringe group and underestimating the strength of Bitcoin's network effect and first-mover advantage. If people view Bitcoin as something that can help their bottom line, most of them are not going to sit on their hands just because they have some huge hangup about "libertarians." They're just going to use it. And frankly, I don't think most people *do* have any huge hangups about libertarians, not because they agree with the philosophy, but simply because most people aren't that ideological.
And I think you're also overestimating the strength and persistence of Bitcoin's "icky libertarian" association. Again, it's already gotten weaker of necessity as the network and infrastructure have grown, and more mainstream companies have gotten involved.  And again, I don't see how that trend could not continue as Bitcoin grows.
Also, I think it's unrealistic to think that people will be able to simply launch some new cryptocurrency with "all of Bitcoin's strengths" and expect it to remain "untarnished" by libertarians. Bitcoin's strengths are that it's decentralized and censorship-resistant. If those features are truly present, I promise you, us "wack job ideologues" are gonna like it, no matter what name you call it. ;)
@_date: 2014-06-18 15:15:16
Ha, no just doubling down on it. ;)
@_date: 2014-02-04 18:35:34
Dogecoin is still *effectively* deflationary because the *rate* at which its money supply grows approaches zero and will eventually be more than offset by lost coins. If you wanted to create a truly inflationary altcoin (not something I'd recommend) you'd need the block reward to constantly increase over time.
@_date: 2014-09-30 18:42:10
Hmm, maybe. But I'm not entirely convinced. Did you see my more recent comment where I spelled out my thoughts a little more and suggested a revision?
@_date: 2014-01-07 02:49:15
Thanks! And yeah, I agree that conceptualizing saving as a form of lending and deflation as a form of interest is a really helpful way of thinking about the issue that I wish I saw used more often. I spent a few weeks struggling with the great deflation debate when I first learned about Bitcoin, and that's what made it really click for me.
@_date: 2014-02-01 03:08:02
I'd strongly recommend starting with these two videos if you want to really understand the how and the why of Bitcoin.
 
@_date: 2014-08-11 21:56:28


Agreed. If you're not a criminal, you should have nothing to hide and there's absolutely no reason you should expect any so-called "privacy" from the benevolent, all-seeing eye of the state. I know the fourth amendment has already been mostly eviscerated, which is obviously great, but I for one really cannot wait for its complete death, you know?
@_date: 2014-11-09 21:12:29
Sure, Bitcoin won't last forever.  Nothing does.  But note that with Bitcoin the question is "what if something even better comes along one day?" whereas with fiat, the question is "what if something better is already here?"  
And again, Bitcoin is really just a ledger.  That's the only aspect of it that needs to survive.  If a better ledger-updating protocol comes along, Bitcoin can simply adopt it.  
@_date: 2014-02-03 19:22:02
tl;dr: "I don't understand network effects."
@_date: 2014-12-08 17:53:43
It's scarce by consensus. That's the key word. Bitcoin the protocol is just a set of rules that participants in the network can choose to abide by. You're free to modify the open-source software to change the rules any way you like (e.g. to give yourself a kazillion coins!) but everyone else in the network will simply ignore your transactions. It's sort of like a language, which is really also just a protocol for communication. You can make up a new word or try to change the definition of an existing word but if you don't get a meaningful level of consensus on your change, you'll just be a crazy person talking to yourself. It's the same with Bitcoin. One of the elements of its protocol on which there is a VERY strong consensus is the 21-million fixed limit. 
I'd strongly recommend watching a video called "how bitcoin works under the good." It's available on YouTube and it's the best explanation I've seen that's accessible while not glossing over too many details.
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:19:20


Well, I would argue that a fixed-supply currency doesn't "create" that opportunity cost, but rather that it accurately communicates its existence and size at a particular time.
@_date: 2014-07-09 15:01:35
The point is that Bitcoin gives you the *ability* to store your wealth without having to trust a central authority and the *ability* to do trustless transfers of that wealth. That doesn't mean that you need to choose to take advantage of that ability for every transfer. Bitcoin's trustless nature isn't free. And there are times when the costs of trusting a third party to facilitate a transfer will be lower than the costs of doing an on-blockchain trustless transfer. Right now, I'm trusting changetip to hold a few bucks worth of value because I view the costs of extending that trust as low (both in the sense that I think changetip is unlikely to steal my money and in the sense that even if they do it wouldn't be particularly painful) -- and because I view the benefit as relatively high. It lets me cheaply send small tips to other redditors which is fun. 100 bits -- On the other hand I'm not trusting *anyone* to store the vast majority of my bitcoin holdings -- because the cost of extending that amount of trust is high while the benefit as I see it is low.
@_date: 2014-09-28 18:42:25
Yes, but I think it's important to distinguish between the analogy of "money as debt" (which applies to all forms of money) and debt-based money. All money operates as a sort of IOU. But in a debt-based monetary system, most of what circulates as money is literally an IOU (which means there's a counterparty and risk of default) for units of the base currency (e.g. Federal Reserve notes). In other words, debt-based money is an IOU for another IOU. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 00:01:34
Hell, at this pace, we might even see a politician on the board before too long.
@_date: 2014-09-16 14:26:25
You can't encrypt gold, can't make a backup of it (let alone five or ten), can't instantly teleport it to the other side of the world, can't secretly carry significant quantities of it across a border. Its supply in the universe is not fixed or even guaranteed to remain reliably scarce (the difficulty of mining gold is not automatically adjusted in response to breakthroughs in mining technology). Gold is less divisible than Bitcoin, harder to conceal, and is far easier to counterfeit.
*On the other hand*, gold's network effect is still far larger than Bitcoin's and gold is less likely to fail catastrophically. (Bitcoin really should still be considered an experiment.) Also, gold is shiny. And you can make spoons out of it. So... probably best to own some of both.
@_date: 2014-12-06 23:33:15
I can't say that I support what you're doing, but I have to admit to a certain grudging respect. Well played.
@_date: 2014-10-22 17:23:55
He was joking. Captain Murdock is a well-respected member of this community. 
@_date: 2014-10-22 11:27:12
Thanks! Re: Ethereum, honestly I haven't been following it very closely.  
@_date: 2014-05-04 21:20:56
I don't think so. I've bought lots of different stocks. I've never been to any meet ups for those stocks, spent hundreds of hours in an Internet forum dedicated to their discussion, or tipped anyone some of my shares. I have done all of those things with respect to bitcoin. The notion that people who promote bitcoin to others are motivated primarily by the desire to "talk their book" for personal gain is silly. That exists, sure, but for the most part, people are just excited about a really cool technology and what they see as its potential to change the world for the better.
@_date: 2014-06-12 13:38:01


I'm not sure I'd agree. Just because people use dollars doesn't mean they accept the Fed's printing. If the government allowed true and complete currency competition you could probably make that claim, but they don't. The dollar is the beneficiary of many forms of coercion-backed privilege including legal tender laws, the fact that the government demands payment of taxes in fiat, the requirement to pay capital gains on appreciation of competing money when its dollar-denominated value rises (even if those gains are simply the result of dollar inflation), and the fact that the government has actively sought to suppress or destroy would-be competitors like e-gold.
@_date: 2014-04-17 22:38:03
Just making a bad pun. Good luck with exams. :)
@_date: 2014-06-19 21:04:46
Search your heart for the answer.
@_date: 2014-02-01 13:53:39
I'm the treasurer of bitcoin. Of course, it's a job I share with a lot of other people.
@_date: 2014-04-28 02:33:43


Ugh, when will people realize that they don't have to buy an entire chimpanzee? Why not buy at least a few milli-chimps to play around with?
(Edit: and can people please stop trying to make "zees" happen? It's not going to happen.)
@_date: 2014-04-21 22:10:16




I'm not so sure.  If the alternative is going to have the same advantages as Bitcoin, it will need to be decentralized (so from my perspective, its widespread adoption would still represent a long-term victory).  I suppose the financial powers that be could get together for Jekyll Island Part Two and agree to use their collective influence to promote "StatusQuoCoin" (after divvying up a massive premine), but I think the coordination problem of getting enough big global players to reach agreement on such a plan would be harder than you think -- and, in any event, may come too late, i.e. when Bitcoin is more entrenched.  And there's also the risk of defection.  Bitcoin is still small potatoes.  If I'm truly a member of the financial elite, I can just buy a crap-ton of Bitcoin to hedge my bets.  Once I've done that, my interest is now in promoting Bitcoin's success.  
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:50:55
Wait, I thought he was agreeing with me. Using his example, my point would be that bitcoin (the ledger) could survive a change in protocol analogous to moving from telnet to ssh.
@_date: 2014-05-22 14:40:24




This is basically the chicken / egg problem that bitcoin has always faced. What I hear you saying is: "Bitcoin *would be* a great currency if everyone adopted it (money relies very heavily on network effects), but because very few people have adopted it, it's not in fact a very great currency. And thus, there's no reason to adopt it - and so it can never become a great currency."
I think you're overlooking how far bitcoin has already come in overcoming this problem. If you think it's fringe today, how about contrasting the current situation with where bitcoin was in 2010.  I see bitcoin being able to continue bootstrapping itself via positive feedback loops: greater adoption leads to greater usefulness leads to greater adoption... I also see more mainstream adoption being driven by continued improvements in infrastructure that make it easier for non-techies to acquire, secure, and spend bitcoins (see, e.g. Circle, Winkelvoss ETF, hardware wallets becoming available, etc.).
I also think you may be overestimating the importance of bitcoin as a "currency," i.e. a direct medium of exchange. I see bitcoin right now as primarily a VERY speculative asset with huge upside potential. That alone provides enough incentive for continued adoption. In time, I see it transitioning to a less-speculative (less risky / volatile but with slower growth) gold-like store of value. And then finally, it may be able to succeed as a direct medium of exchange. But success as a direct medium of exchange will take the longest because it relies most heavily on network effects.
@_date: 2014-12-02 15:59:57
That's what I was going for. ;)
@_date: 2014-01-31 18:35:50
As best I can tell, the "community" consists of 1) people retelling what is essentially the same joke over and over and over and over again ("look, guys! I photoshopped a dog's head on this picture of an astronaut. See you shibes on the moon! Such much very humor. Wow."); 2) using the dogetipbot to give each other the equivalent of fractions of a penny in dogecoin; and 3) self-congratulatory posts about how great the community is because "unlike those bitcoin guys we don't take ourselves too seriously" (no one takes you too seriously), "we're so friendly and helpful to noobs" (that's because you're all noobs), "we're so generous" (see above discussion re: fractional-cent tips) and "we have so much fun" (see above discussion re: retelling the same joke). 
(Full disclosure: I own several million dogecoin.) 
@_date: 2014-04-08 00:14:14
Ha, yeah, I was making a joke because I found the narration to be a little robotic-sounding. It wasn't *terrible*, but I definitely thought it was the weak point of the video which was overall very nicely done. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 00:18:30
Oh, thank God. For a while there I thought the government was expecting me to help pay back all the debt it's been running up, but seeing as how I never authorized it, I guess I'm safe. 
@_date: 2014-11-02 22:53:57


Saving *is* investing. See my [previous comment](


I disagree. You're talking about money as though it's wealth. It's not. If, e.g., a factory is "just sitting" idle, that means that real resources are not being employed productively. In contrast, money is just information. If little green pieces of paper are "just sitting" there under a mattress or (more commonly) electronic ledger entries are "just sitting" in a computer remaining unchanged, that's not a bad thing because they're still being used (storing value for use in future exchanges is one of the primary functions of money). 


A fixed-supply currency accurately *conveys* the real cost of credit rather than making it appear artificially cheap (which leads to an inflationary boom followed by a deflationary bust).  Also, have some bitcoin. $1 
@_date: 2014-04-07 19:24:04
Wanting freedom for yourself isn't libertarian. Most people make it that far. It's the willingness to respect *others'* freedom that tends to trip people up.
@_date: 2014-05-25 12:26:27


["Things are going great. I feel my first sale coming on real soon."]( ;)  
100 bits
@_date: 2014-05-04 13:53:36


Agreed. It seemed to me the "remains valuable" property should really have been "durable" instead. The reason they said dollars don't have this property was essentially that their supply increases over time, but that was addressed with the "limited supply" property. 
@_date: 2014-06-25 20:23:35
The honey badger thanks the snake for its courtesy.
@_date: 2014-05-10 21:22:00
Fair enough. Just one of the many disastrous consequences of prohibition.
@_date: 2014-05-10 20:13:19
Are you sure about that? Sugar is a much more dangerous drug than MDMA.
@_date: 2014-09-15 19:02:34
I think it depends on the context. In r/bitcoin, you can pretty much tip whatever and whenever you want. No one is really going to find it too obnoxious. 1 satoshi (See?)
Outside of this sub, you can get away with small tips (e.g. 500 bits) if the subject of the conversation has already turned to bitcoin. The point is not to give someone a serious amount of money. The point is to introduce them to one of Bitcoin's cool features (the ability to send tips via a comment) and to give them a chance to play around with the technology. My own view is that in this context, you still probably shouldn't go any lower than 100 bits.
The third context would be outside of this sub where the topic of bitcoin has not already come up. Here's where I think you have to be the most careful. I would say don't tip less than a buck and preferably tip a few bucks (e.g. "1 beer"). Anything less than that can seem spammy. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 02:06:58
If all 2.1 quadrillion units of bitcoin were lost, then we wouldn't be able to use bitcoin anymore. But that's about as likely as the world collectively losing all its gold. Also note that as we got closer to all bitcoins being lost, the effect on the remaining bitcoins would be to increase their value. Probably to the point that we'd need to fork the code to add greater divisibility. So the "difficulty" of losing the remaining bitcoins would tend to increase exponentially as we asymptotically approached a complete loss. That wasn't the most artful explanation, but suffice it to say that I'm not worried about this as a real possibility.
@_date: 2014-12-07 23:02:28
We really need to figure out a better way to explain Bitcoin to non-technical users. Look at how confused she looks.
@_date: 2014-05-10 23:34:25
@_date: 2014-03-29 16:06:54
Really?  I'd MUCH prefer year-to-year explosive exponential growth with  wild day-to-day fluctuations over slow decay. But to each his own.
@_date: 2014-02-03 18:13:35
Interesting point re the bars but what's been puzzling me are the lines -- they seem to have gotten less squiggly of late. Does that mean something? (Do not upvote.) ;)
@_date: 2014-01-10 21:59:26
*magic internet*
@_date: 2014-01-18 00:33:36
Thanks! +roll verify 
@_date: 2014-06-29 17:03:41
Just tried out Hive Web and posted some thoughts on it.  
@_date: 2014-06-23 17:46:46


I'm just pointing out the inherent tradeoff between devoting resources to satisfying present consumption vs. devoting them to investment towards future production. The resources you spend to satisfy today's higher-than-average widget sales (e.g. buying extra raw materials to make more widgets) can't ALSO be used to upgrade your widget factory (e.g. adding on a new wing with improved machinery). So artificially creating incentives for people to buy more widgets today is not necessarily a good thing.
@_date: 2014-09-12 09:32:37
I disagree. 
@_date: 2014-10-22 13:55:19
That's true, but I don't really see that as a legitimate reason to be skeptical of the *technology*. And frankly, if people choose to avoid using Bitcoin because of that association, that strikes me as a silly example of tribalism. And as I wrote elsewhere in this thread:


Having said that, I don't think we can pretend that the association between Bitcoin and libertarians is entirely random. I mean, a decentralized, censorship-resistant form of money that exists largely outside the control of the state is going to have some pretty obvious appeal to libertarians. And so I think a lot of the people who would object to Bitcoin because of associated "libertarian rhetoric" are also people who would object to Bitcoin the concept.
@_date: 2014-01-16 18:47:39
I hope the Wizards are next and modify their mascot accordingly.
@_date: 2014-06-03 14:22:48
Probably.  You gotta figure that at some point we'll eventually run out of greater fools willing to keep accepting fiat funny money and giving us real bitcoins in return.
@_date: 2014-04-21 21:56:31
I don't necessarily disagree with any of that.  My *hunch* is that Bitcoin will be relatively resilient in terms of its ability to fend off competitors.  But the inherent uncertainty surrounding any new technology is one of the reasons that the adage about not investing more than you can afford to lose still very much applies to Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-08-02 05:11:07
Better. :) 250 bits
Edit: and let's maybe throw "the unforked" in there for good measure.
@_date: 2014-12-08 13:00:05
Here's how I usually explain what Bitcoin is and why it matters:
The reason it's so hard for most people to understand Bitcoin is that most people don't really understand money. Money isn't wealth. It's an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. (The paradox of money is that while everyone wants it, no one actually wants it - they want the stuff they can buy with it!) Many people are put off by the fact that bitcoins are "just zeroes and ones." But that's what ALL money is, information! More precisely, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person's wants or needs).
To put it yet another way, money is a ledger. With fiat currencies like the dollar, that ledger is centralized. And that gives the central authority responsible for maintaining that ledger tremendous power, power that history has proven will inevitably be abused. With Bitcoin, the ledger is decentralized. And that means that no one individual or entity has the power to arbitrarily create new units (thereby causing inflation), freeze (or seize) your account, or block a particular payment from being processed. We've had decentralized money before. After all, no one can simply print new gold into existence. And the "ledger" of gold is distributed because the physical gold itself (the "accounting entries" in the metaphor) is distributed. But with gold, that decentralization comes at a heavy price (literally). The physical nature of gold makes it hugely inefficient from a transactional perspective.
Enter Bitcoin.
It is the first currency in the world that is BOTH decentralized AND digital. It is more reliably scarce than gold, more transactionally efficient than "modern" digital banking, and enables greater financial privacy than cash. It could certainly still fail for one reason or another, but if it doesn't, it has the potential to be very, VERY disruptive.
@_date: 2014-03-02 23:02:22
You work in a bar, dude.  Every dollar you accept is, by definition, "drug funding money."
@_date: 2014-01-11 08:46:43


It's actually pretty easy. You just repeat to yourself over and over like a mantra "I think a can. I think a can."
@_date: 2014-09-10 14:21:15
Sure, it will have some relevance but I don't see Bitcoin's real value proposition as a fast / easy / cheap way to do mobile payments. Its real value proposition is as an entirely new type of money that, for the first time in history, makes it possible to both store and transfer value without a trusted central authority.
@_date: 2014-09-05 13:09:53


Yeah, I thought that phrasing was a little odd. The main idea of bitcoin is that it enables you to send money without being required to trust a *third party*. But there are some ways in which it arguably requires less trust in the recipient. Because bitcoin transactions are "push" rather than "pull" you don't have to worry about the merchant sneakily continuing to charge you and you don't have to trust them to keep your credit card information secure (see all of the recent hacks of Target and other retailers). Of course (and especially if you're not using escrow) you may still have to trust the recipient of your money to actually deliver the goods and services you ordered.
@_date: 2014-07-18 20:08:11
Farmer in the dell -- Heigh ho the derry-o! 
@_date: 2014-04-23 14:01:44
I'm not sure "gradual" is the word I'd use there.
@_date: 2014-06-18 15:16:45
This guy gets it. 250 bits
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:18:09
Yep. I like to think of money as a protocol for communicating credible information about value given but not yet received. From that perspective there are two requirements for good money: (1) it has to allow for efficient transmission of this information about value; and (2) it has to ensure that the information that's being transmitted is credible. Gold passes the second test but not the first (exchanging physical pieces of metal is a massively inefficient way to communicate). Fiat passes the first test but not the second (the arbitrary creation of new fiat represents the dissemination of false information, causing the real information to fade). Bitcoin passes both tests.
@_date: 2014-10-03 01:59:55
That statement seems a little too sweeping. The importance of network effects is going to depend on the specific context. So questions to ask include how much benefit does a larger network provide? (E.g., how much added value to each individual user do you get when the total number of users is doubled? And does the added benefit begin to taper off or disappear once a certain threshold size has been reached?) How high are the switching costs for an individual who decides to switch from one network to another? (E.g., one might consider the cost of switching from MySpace to Facebook to have been relatively low because creating a Facebook account was free and fast, and didn't require you to first delete your MySpace account.) How "nimble" is the incumbent network in terms of its ability to respond to competitive challenges from new networks that may offer superior features? (E.g., *can* the "network" under consideration even be changed at all or are we considering a rigid technology? And even if it can be changed, is the incumbent a large corporation with an ingrained culture or is it an open-source software protocol that anyone can fork and tinker with?)
@_date: 2014-06-23 19:30:34
Good point. The explosive appreciation in Bitcoin's value that we've seen over the past few years is better characterized as "hyper-monetization" rather than deflation.
@_date: 2014-07-12 19:59:00
You'd really expect *that* to be the herding currency. But I guess shiba inus are technically in the non-sporting group so maybe it's not that surprising.
@_date: 2014-07-07 13:19:39


*prohibition related violence
@_date: 2014-02-09 16:33:44


It wouldn't -- at least not significantly.  The reason to spend bitcoin is because you have bitcoin (and you can't eat it, wear it, or use it for shelter, etc.). And the primary reason to have bitcoin (at least right now) is because you hold it as a speculative investment.  If bitcoin continues to succeed, that will eventually change of course.
@_date: 2014-11-19 11:37:49
Micro tips of a few cents *will* be awesome when tipping can be done in an unobtrusive manner (e.g., if reddit ever integrates changetip functionality in a manner similar to that of reddit gold) and when tipping has become ubiquitous. Making a really awesome / funny comment and earning 50 bucks for it when 1000 people tip you an average of 5 cents would be pretty neat. The problem is that changetip is not currently that unobtrusive. Indiscriminate low-value tips can obnoxiously clutter a thread. And tipping is not yet ubiquitous. Your five cent tip is unlikely to be one of ten, let alone one of a thousand. In many cases, it will be the first and only tip someone has received and that amount of value won't do them a lot of good on its own. (Yes, it can give someone an opportunity to learn about bitcoin but if they haven't expressed an interest in bitcoin, it's going to rightfully be perceived as spammy.) So for now, when tipping outside of this sub, I'd say that larger tips (at least a buck and preferably a few bucks) should be the rule rather than the exception. If you want to give micro tips, I'd suggest doing so in dedicated giveaway subs / threads.
@_date: 2014-07-11 15:59:43
I would have aced every one of my spelling tests in grade school if I just hadn't made so many damn typos.
@_date: 2014-11-14 15:10:33
Why does he need a middleman simply to send someone else money?
@_date: 2014-09-11 17:11:27
Go crazy. :) $10
@_date: 2014-05-07 21:39:37
Well, in that case, I will just have to respectfully disagree. Paging :)
@_date: 2014-07-14 16:01:15
Here's something I wrote a while back that you may find helpful:
Money is information, but in order to serve that function, it needs to be reliably scarce. (More precisely, money is a means for credibly communicating information about value given but not yet received.) Using a commodity for money was simply one way of making sure that requirement was met. With fiat, you have to trust that the issuer will not simply decide to debase the currency. They can do so because the value of the new money they create far exceeds its marginal cost of production. **But that's also why Bitcoin is more like commodity money than fiat. Its value, assuming competing suppliers, is equal to its marginal cost of production, and that's why some have called it "quasi-commodity money."**
One of the reasons that Bitcoin is better than commodity money is because it is, in a sense, "pure" information. The rate of new coin creation is fixed ahead of time and known to all participants. And new coin creation is also a temporary phenomenon. If you are using gold as money, and a huge new discovery of gold is made or there's a massive breakthrough in mining technology, that's not actually a good thing from a systemic perspective. It's great that more gold is available for industrial uses, but from a monetary perspective, the information conveyed by money has become less reliable. (In contrast, if there's a sudden breakthrough in bitcoin mining technology, we simply adjust the difficulty.)
@_date: 2014-12-23 16:43:10
Be sure to do your homework as far as security is concerned before making an investment-sized purchase. Start with the links in the sidebar and then head over to with any questions. Here's a little to practice with.
200 bits
@_date: 2014-04-06 13:25:06
In other words, the gold equivalent of a Bitcoin price of $1,000,000 / BTC is about $3500 per oz gold.  That doesn't strike me as particularly far-fetched.  
@_date: 2014-12-05 15:19:43
I was wondering about that "0/0" - does that mean that he was awarded 0 out of a total possible 0 points? Is that equivalent to a perfect 100% score? That dividing by zero thing is always a bit tricky.
@_date: 2014-10-22 16:28:02
Thanks, I think I'm starting to get it. Do you think you could send me 1337 of these "Bitcoins" to make it a little more concrete?
@_date: 2014-04-08 23:07:55


No, I don't. Even if the policies have been effective at preventing further immediate pain, that's not necessarily a good thing.  It's like treating a hangover with more booze.  You're just delaying the inevitable and ultimately making it worse.  


Yes, including lots of malinvestment.  Again, we don't necessarily want to encourage all investments. Attempting to artificially fix the cost of credit is a form of price controls.  And price controls are bad because they interfere with the signaling and rationing function that prices perform.


I'm certainly no expert on the Great Depression, or frankly any aspect of economics ;) but I think you'll find that there are many different and frequently conflicting theories about what caused and exacerbated the Great Depression.  


Yes, when bitcoins are lost that would tend to increase the value of the remaining bitcoins.  But I don't see that as a bad thing. Let's say you provide something of value by building a hospital.  You receive money in exchange for doing so (which is just the promise of future value), but you choose to destroy it rather than spend it.   How is that not a good thing from the perspective of society?  Effectively, society gets the benefit of that hospital without ever having to pay for it. (Again, the money wasn't really a payment. It was more like a promise of future payment.)  So yeah, I just don't see deflation as a bad thing.  Even the debt deflation that I described above is performing a necessary function by helping to unwind malinvestment.  Finally, with respect to bitcoin, my guess is that if and when the technology matures and adoption has become very widespread, the amount of coins that are lost each year as a percentage of the total money supply should be pretty small.  
@_date: 2014-11-07 20:42:19
Thanks very much for the generous tip! I'll be sure to tip it forward.
@_date: 2014-05-07 17:11:38


*None* of the currencies in that table has "restitution in the event of fraud" as a built-in feature of the *currency* as opposed to a feature of a particular payment network built on top of the currency. Escrow / dispute resolution services can be built on top of bitcoin. And in a very flexible manner thanks to Bitcoin's programmable nature. For example, you can design an escrow service that never has complete control of the money (because, e.g., they have only 1 of the keys of a 2-of-3 multisig address).


Gold is scarce in the same way that all commodities are scarce: its supply can't be arbitrarily increased. Unlike fiat currencies, the value of gold and other commodities will tend to equal its marginal cost of production. You might say that gold is "highly" scarce because there's just not that much of it that's been mined. If you took all the gold that's ever been mined, you could build about a third of the Washington monument. The advantage of this from a monetary usefulness perspective is that it gives gold a high value-to-weight ratio making it more portable.


Predictability. If a huge new store of gold were discovered or a dramatic improvement in gold mining tech were made (e.g. asteroid mining becomes feasible), it would have a drastic effect on gold's value, undermining its usefulness as a financial asset.


Yeah, that choice of wording is a little strange. Presumably it's a reference to the fact that you ultimately have to trust a centralized entity to properly input and maintain the ledger entries with fiat, as opposed to relying on a decentralized ledger that's not controlled by any one individual or entity.
@_date: 2014-06-23 17:54:53


Consider the following hypothetical I came up with a while ago. Imagine that it's Jan. 1, 2020, and you're an investor in an economy where the currency is deflating 10% a year.  You're considering making an investment in a programmable widget-maker.  The widget-maker costs 100 BTC (naturally everyone uses Bitcoins in 2020).  To simplify things, assume that the widget maker is disposable and can only be used once, after which it has zero value.  Also assume that all you have to do to use the widget maker is to input two choices, e.g. color and shape, and then wait exactly one year.  Let's say that you know that you can make a green circle widget that will be worth 105 BTC in present 2020 BTC.  So it sounds like a smart (and wealth-creating) investment, right? Except there's a problem. You also know that when you can actually sell the widget on Jan. 1, 2021, it will only sell for 94.5 BTC as a result of deflation. So you're better off just sitting on your 100 BTC, and you certainly won't borrow money to make the investment.  Is that a bad result for society? I don't think so.  First, it should be noted that if the widget maker were only capable of making green circle widgets, it wouldn't sell for 100 BTC because no one would pay that much (everyone else would make the same calculation you did). In that case, the price would be adjusted downwards until it made economic sense.  But if it DOES sell for 100 BTC, what does that tell us? It tells us that there's someone else (who's presumably also aware of deflation) who knows that they can make, e.g., a yellow square widget worth at least 111.11 BTC in 2020 BTC (meaning it will sell for at least 100 BTC in 2021).  So there's no problem.  The asset goes to its most productive user and doesn't just sit on a shelf.
More generally, what does a 10% deflation rate tell us assuming a constant money supply?  I'm perhaps oversimplifying, but basically it tells us that the economy is growing at around 11.11% a year (with 10% deflation, the purchasing power of every BTC increases 11.11% each year).  So you now have the same amount of money chasing more goods.  If the economy is growing that rapidly, that tells you that there must be lots of investment opportunities with a return of at least 11.11%.  Basically, that's the number to beat.  If you're looking at an investment opportunity with a measly 5% return, deflation is telling you not to waste your time because there are higher and better uses of that capital.  You're better off just sitting on the cash, but note that when you do so you are effectively making an investment in the overall economy. Your cash is temporarily not chasing the available resources making them cheaper for the people who do buy now -- including people who are starting businesses.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:39:30
Great point! Should probably be its own thread. 500 bits
@_date: 2014-07-10 00:18:07


What would I do with a $100,000 dollhouse?
@_date: 2014-04-23 00:17:36
Awesome, thanks! $.50
@_date: 2014-12-12 21:50:27
Sort of, but I think gold is a better analogy and in fact a fair number of people describe bitcoin as "digital gold." Like gold, it's scarce, divisible, fungible, and durable. But unlike gold, you can teleport is halfway across the world nearly-instantly or cross a border secretly carrying millions of dollars worth on your person.
Also, just because Bitcoin is *currently* most useful as a speculative investment doesn't mean that will always be the case. Again, a lot of its speculative value is based on the possibility that it will become "money" in the sense that it may one day be a widely-used medium of exchange with lots of people earning bitcoin and spending it directly without conversion. Also, here's my standard 2-minute overview of [what bitcoin is and why it's important](
@_date: 2014-12-08 20:41:14
The cool thing about Bitcoin is not that it enables "cheap" transfers. It *does* do that. Although it's not 100% clear how cheap those transactions will be in the future as the network attempts to scale. But banks also enable cheap (to the user) transfers. No, the cool thing about Bitcoin is that it enables *trustless* transfers of value, both in the sense that Bitcoin makes it possible to send value across distance without having to trust a middleman to effect that transfer, and in the sense that it removes the need to trust a central issuer of the valuable tokens being transferred not to debase their value via arbitrary printing.
@_date: 2014-05-22 16:44:11
That "concludes" the debate? Heck, I didn't even know we were *having* it. I guess... congrats?  (I'm assuming you won.) :P 100 bits
@_date: 2014-04-02 22:43:14
grocery list (personal, do not upvote)
* milk
* eggs
* fabric softener
@_date: 2014-11-18 15:25:41
Then you'd be using the term "Ponzi scheme" *very* loosely. See my top-level comment in this thread. "Bubble" is the argument the critics "should" be making, but a "bubble" and a Ponzi scheme are two very different things. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 23:52:17
I actually thought it wasn't that bad for a text-to-speech program.  But yeah, it probably would have been better if they'd used an actual human for the narration.  
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:00:02
See for yourself.
+2 internets verify
@_date: 2014-11-21 23:18:39
It's entirely possible that his dad has no interest in hearing about Bitcoin, but I doubt he's just intentionally throwing out nonsensical claims as a way to discourage the subject. And (as my comment suggests) I'd agree that he probably doesn't  think Bitcoin *actually* operates as a literal pyramid scheme. He's just using that term loosely as a way to describe a "speculative bubble."
@_date: 2014-08-23 18:25:00
The point is that Bitcoin gives you the *ability* to store your wealth without having to trust a central authority and the *ability* to do trustless transfers of that wealth. That doesn't mean that it will make sense for *all* individuals (e.g., non-tech savvy ones) to take advantage of that ability for *every* transfer. Bitcoin's trustless nature isn't free. And there are times when the costs of trusting a third party to facilitate a transfer will be lower than the costs of doing an on-blockchain trustless transfer. Right now, I'm trusting changetip to hold a few bucks worth of value because I view the costs of extending that trust as low (both in the sense that I think changetip is unlikely to steal my money and in the sense that even if they do it wouldn't be particularly painful) -- and because I view the benefit as relatively high. It lets me cheaply send small tips to other redditors which is fun. 100 bits -- On the other hand I'm *not* trusting anyone to store the vast majority of my bitcoin holdings -- because the cost of extending that amount of trust is high while the benefit as I see it is low.
@_date: 2014-09-03 07:18:24
Are you talking about the counterparty risk of holding your coins on an exchange?  Because that's obviously real although it can be mitigated.   (E.g.: transfer purchased coins immediately into your own possession, and stagger your buys to avoid ever having an unreasonably large amount in the custody of the exchange at any given point in time.) 
Or did you mean the exchange rate?  Sure, I guess we could call that "market risk" but that's not counterparty risk.  And it's ultimately present for all assets.  The purchasing power of the dollar is ultimately a product of how much it's valued by other market participants, making it subject to fluctuations.  (Of course, the bitcoin market is much, MUCH smaller and less mature, meaning that there's much greater downside market risk / volatility.  But on the flip side, there's also much greater upside potential.  For example, the purchasing power of the dollar is *very* unlikely to increase 10-fold in a year.)
@_date: 2014-06-13 01:07:03


Yep, by getting them out of their own hands.
@_date: 2014-08-22 13:55:21
If you don't know what you're doing, bitcoin is certainly "easier to lose" in a sense. On the other hand, if you do know what you're doing, it can be made much, much harder to lose. You can't make a backup of a bar of gold (let alone 10 or 20 backups), "encrypt" your gold, or use the equivalent of multi-sig or shamir's secret sharing algorithm to eliminate the loss of that physical object as a single point of failure. And of course services and products are continually being developed in the bitcoin space (e.g. hardware wallets) to lower the tech-savviness barrier to secure storage.
@_date: 2014-02-05 16:11:26
That would mean there are 6 million people in the US who own bitcoins. That's way too high.  I don't think there are that many unique addresses that hold a current balance. (Btw, anyone know of a place to get current stats on things like that? E.g. Number of addresses with a balance greater than x? I remember seeing one but can't seem to find it.)
Edit: found it, 
That site gives 2.6 million unique addresses carrying a BTC balance. Some addresses obviously represent more than one owner due to shared online wallets, but on the flip side, lots of people have way more than one address.  The bottom line is that 2% figure is insane.
@_date: 2014-05-05 23:10:22
100 bits - I just programmed the computer to tip you. 
@_date: 2014-05-25 20:05:10
That's too many brain wallets to remember, dude. And some of those areas of the brain aren't even used for memory -- so that could be a problem.
@_date: 2014-12-02 02:34:30


It's funny.  Those three d's -- decentralized, deflationary, and digital -- actually represent a great distillation of Bitcoin's core features and a great summary of why I consider it to be so exciting and revolutionary.  And yet, despite having identified these features, he's quick to dismiss Bitcoin as nothing special. Let's take them one at a time.  Decentralization implies censorship-resistance and the ability to store and transfer value without having to trust a central authority.  At least to me, those seem like obviously desirable features.  The decentralized nature of Bitcoin is also what enables it to be "deflationary," i.e. have a reliably-fixed supply.  And a fixed monetary supply seems like an obvious plus because it means that no one can steal purchasing power from current holders of Bitcoin by simply conjuring new units into existence.  And finally, *of course* money should be digital.  After all, money is just information and digital transactions can be infinitely more efficient and flexible than exchanging physical tokens, whether those tokens are pieces of paper or bits of shiny yellow metal. Bitcoin is exciting precisely because it's the first form of money to combine those three features into a single package.  So, who needs a decentralized, deflationary digital currency? Humanity.
@_date: 2014-05-17 12:25:22
For some reason, I'm reminded of Christopher Walken's character in Pulp Fiction.
@_date: 2014-12-23 18:35:57




I think it only fair to point out that Barry Silbert previously made the following prediction, back in December of last year: "We're three to six months away from Wall Street dollars moving into Bitcoin in a big way." Unfortunately, that prediction proved to be... overly optimistic.  
@_date: 2014-11-06 02:23:58




Did we learn nothing from the dwarves of Moria?
@_date: 2014-10-22 21:23:12


Hmm, I don't know. I guess it's worth a shot. Quick! Save the archduke, save the world! :P
@_date: 2014-05-12 12:10:15
Excellent observations. 500 bits
@_date: 2014-11-18 18:44:09
I'd say that Bitcoin *has the potential to be* the best form of money civilization has ever seen. It's vastly superior to fiat and gold in a lot of ways (e.g., it's more reliably scarce, more portable, more durable, more divisible, and harder to counterfeit). But it still falls far short in one very important area. One of the most important qualities of good money is acceptability. Bitcoin's acceptability / network effect has grown dramatically in the past five years, but it's still very tiny. Let's see where things stand in ten years.
@_date: 2014-05-20 03:21:35
I'm pretty sure Jeremy Allaire does. Or at least it looked like it was working in the video demonstration.
@_date: 2014-08-10 17:24:35
Yeah, I think changetip is a good example although probably better illustrated by considering the receipt of lots of micro-transactions. So you could receive 1 million separate 1-satoshi transactions and then withdraw the total to your own wallet for about six cents. That would make your per-transaction cost pretty darn low.
@_date: 2014-09-30 15:50:55


Yeah, I have a firm policy of downvoting any comment that predicts / whines about being downvoted.
@_date: 2014-05-04 15:26:45


Not at all. You can't make backups of your federal reserve notes. (Well, you can try, but you may end up in prison.) And you can't encrypt them either. If a thief gets a hold of your cash, it's gone.
 
And I agree with that paper wallets just demonstrate Bitcoin's versatility. I think a tiered approach to security makes sense: offline wallets for life savings / longterm storage, multisig and or hardware wallet solutions for easier access to smaller but nontrivial amounts and single-signature hot wallets for petty cash amounts. I think we're obviously still waiting for the "tier-two" solutions to be implemented / made user-friendly, but I don't doubt that this problem is a temporary one.
@_date: 2014-04-08 04:34:13


But my point is that the deflation rate is a *market-determined* rate (or at least it would be in an economy that used sound money).  It's a price, and like all prices it is conveying information.  If the deflation rate is very high, that tells you that the economy is growing quite fast.  And if your investment isn't profitable when you factor in deflation (i.e., if simply holding money provides a better return), that's the market telling you that you shouldn't make that investment.  It's not the highest and best use of the capital.  See what you think of the hypothetical and argument I outlined in this old comment.  
@_date: 2014-03-29 17:57:42
Yeah right. And I suppose next you'll tell us that Dogecoin didn't invent the doge meme?  
@_date: 2014-07-21 13:17:03
Bitcoin isn't the current protocol used to maintain and update the bitcoin ledger. It is that ledger. The protocol can be, has been, and will continue to be improved -- when there's a compelling reason to do so. An alt-ledger that begins to steal significant market share from Bitcoin as a result of a vastly-improved protocol would represent a compelling reason for a change.
Bitcoin can overcome fiat's network effect advantage because fiat is not programmable. It can't adapt to competitive threats like bitcoin -- or at least its ability to adapt is severely constrained.
@_date: 2014-07-01 12:05:12
Magic. It works by magic. 500 bits
@_date: 2014-08-11 23:03:58
Well, actually the argument would be more along the lines of: "they didn't respect these laws that *you*, in all likelihood, believe are valid." And I *do* believe that the 4th amendment (or at least its broad spirit of respect for privacy) is "valid," just not because it's a "law."
@_date: 2014-06-23 14:44:21
They can and do steal your fiat even if you are careful. They generally take a few percent every year through inflation. Although sometimes the scale of the theft is a little more dramatic. (See, e.g., the 1934 Gold Reserve Act or the 1971 "Nixon shock".) In fact, *every single dollar in circulation* today was stolen into existence. Pretty sobering statistic. Someone should make an infographic.
@_date: 2014-09-12 17:42:58


No one in dollars keeps their wealth. 
@_date: 2014-10-22 01:03:13


Even if I were to agree that the Fed had successfully reduced the volatility of the dollar's value, I'm not sure I'd agree that that's a good thing.  The way I see it, the value of money is simply its price. Allowing a central authority to manipulate the quantity of money in an effort to change that value is a form of price controls.  Those price controls (like all price controls) interfere with the signalling and rationing functions that prices are supposed to perform.
@_date: 2014-01-31 20:33:17
Haha, yeah. Such hypocrite. Much irony. Wow. ;) 
@_date: 2014-09-11 02:58:32
No, the drug war is the problem.
@_date: 2014-09-05 19:49:19
Sure, but the best we can hope to do is to make such behavior economically irrational and thus self-limiting. 
@_date: 2014-09-03 18:25:35
Yeah, I consider myself an optimist about Bitcoin, but a "zero percent chance of failure" is perhaps a tad *too* optimistic.  ;)
But I also tend to think that the chance of irreparable failure is smaller than a lot of other people probably assume.  But of course, it *could* happen.  If the cryptography behind bitcoin were broken suddenly and completely, there'd be no way to repair the network and preserve the ledger because there'd be no way to prove that you were actually the owner of any particular coins.  Bitcoin could also effectively "fail" if it's out-competed by some new and even better form of money.  Although here again, I think this is probably less likely than many others assume.  See my most [recent comment]( And then there may also be "black swan"-type failures that we can't realistically hope to foresee until they occur.
@_date: 2014-05-22 17:00:13
Ok, but I'm not changing my shirt. 
@_date: 2014-07-12 15:38:53
Cool, thanks for the info. 500 bits
@_date: 2014-05-08 20:28:17
Oh, man. On the one hand, I think that this is a really, really cool idea. But the announcement / roll-out is in the process of being bungled pretty badly. Put out an official list of white-listed schools and the requirements to qualify for the promotion ASAP. And explain the plan for expanding the promotion / how folks who already signed up will be treated once their school is added, etc. In short, more transparency please.
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:43:48
There's nothing wrong with debt per se -- as long as it's priced appropriately to reflect its true cost. The problem is the current system allows a central authority to impose price controls on the prices of money and credit through arbitrary expansion of the money supply and manipulation of interest rates.
@_date: 2014-10-22 17:05:17
Geez, dude. God forbid you just do a bro a favor without asking for something in return.
@_date: 2014-05-07 20:37:30


It's simplified, yes. As are all models / discussions of reality. But is it "simplistic"? Well, that depends on its purpose and context -- just as Newtonian physics can be simplistic for some applications but not for others. Here, the context is a meme / captioned gif. The purpose is not necessarily to persuade so much as it is to elicit a chuckle from people who are already inclined to the worldview represented by the meme (and to some, probably lesser, extent get others to begin asking questions about how our financial system works). It's not simplistic when viewed in that context although it would be if this were being presented as a doctoral thesis. My initial reaction was that *your* comment was "simplistic and lazy" because your criticism ignored this context, but then it occurred to me that the context of your criticism is actually quite similar to that presented in the meme, just from the other side. So I'll give you a pass. ;)


Well, I don't think that the post implies that Bitcoin will replace the dollar although it does reflect a good deal of optimism in assuming that Bitcoin might represent a meaningful alternative. But that optimism is only baseless if the people who hold this view don't have any basis for it. Obviously, a humorous one-liner gif is not the place to explain that basis. Again, context.


Yep, distrust of central banking is one of the premises behind the OP's post, although it's certainly not an exclusively "libertarian" one.


I like that meme as much as the next guy, but it wouldn't really have fit here. Or perhaps your real point in referencing it was to humorously suggest how predictable (and silly and simplistic) all us "libertarian" bitcoiners are? 
@_date: 2014-07-18 06:22:08
I'm starting to think that coindesk's identification of Ben Lawsky as one of the "[8 biggest bitcoin heroes of 2014]( may have been a little hasty.
@_date: 2014-06-25 21:49:36
Assuming that's true... so? That's the case with almost all the goods and services you buy. It's sort of the whole idea behind mutually-beneficial voluntary exchange. Do you value the opportunity to attend the conference, listen to the speakers, and network with people who share a common interest more than the cost of the ticket? If so, you should attend. If not, you shouldn't.
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:03:43
Your credibility on the other hand...
@_date: 2014-04-23 16:29:20
Ha, thanks - yeah, I thought that was pretty good if I do say so myself. ;)
@_date: 2014-07-04 12:16:17
Yeah, the comparison isn't really a fair one. Ghash has far, far less destructive power and hasn't yet revealed itself to be a malicious actor.
@_date: 2014-11-14 19:01:35


No way, I've seen it posted at least a thousand times in this sub alone.
@_date: 2014-12-05 12:41:36
You might find [this comment of mine]( interesting. (It's about Esperanto as an analogy for Bitcoin.)
@_date: 2014-03-29 17:42:58
Honey badger don't care. It just takes what it wants.
@_date: 2014-07-25 18:22:11
I hear what you're saying, but I think you're overstating the current difficulty of securing your own coins. I don't consider myself to be very computer savvy (like at all) but I didn't find it terribly difficult to create a few encrypted paper wallets for longterm cold storage. I don't keep more value in a hot wallet than I'd keep cash in a real wallet. (And I've never lost / had stolen any funds from my hot wallet although I have lost my physical wallet on at least one occasion.) And, putting aside the *current* difficulty of securing one's bitcoins, I don't think you should discount the likelihood that better solutions for enabling the non-tech-savvy to easily secure their funds (either by themselves or in cooperation with a greenaddress-like service) will continue to be developed. At the end of the day, all we're really talking about is a) generating a random number b) making sure that you don't lose all your copies of that random number and c) making sure that no one else learns your random number. I don't see that as a technologically insoluble problem.


If you mean keeping their savings in fiat in a bank, I'm not sure that *has* generally worked all that well. I'm even less convinced that it will generally work going forward as I see a significant dollar crisis in the not-too-distant future as almost inevitable. But again, if people want to outsource securing their bitcoin savings to a third-party, they'll certainly have that option.
@_date: 2014-07-25 14:30:06


Well, it depends on which ones and zeroes we're talking about and how big (and what) that chunk of precious metal is. For example, there are [quite a few 256-bit numbers]( I'd prefer to possess over a Good Delivery gold bar.
And if we're really talking *systemically* about which is more valuable -- a purely digital monetary system like bitcoin vs. a system based on a physical commodity -- well, then I'd argue that a [purely digital, *decentralized* system]( has at least the potential to be much more valuable because it's much more efficient. Physical media of exchange are a ["low-tech hack"]( for doing what bitcoin does directly -- maintaining a secure ledger of a kind of social debt representing value given but not yet received.
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:35:24
No worries! It's an important point. 1 internet
@_date: 2014-09-03 06:42:37
The point is not to "stick it to the bankers."  The point is to eliminate or at least reduce your exposure to counterparty risk.  If it's an encrypted wallet and you've got backups stored at other secure locations, the counterparty risk is essentially nil.  
@_date: 2014-11-05 02:32:25
Hell yeah they are. As an American, I only use freedom units. "Milligram"? More like "really-a-scam." "Millimeter"? More like "chili eater." Um, ok that's all I got.
@_date: 2014-09-10 20:10:38
Of course. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-09-12 12:48:51


He didn't even accept the beer I bought him. :'(
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:46:10
Chill out and roll a joint, brother.
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:45:25
That's because it's more or less trivial to solve if you have a trusted central authority maintaining the ledger. The tricky part was figuring out a way to prevent double spending without using a trusted central authority. 
(Edit: also, you can think of fraudulent chargebacks as being a form of double spending.)
@_date: 2014-08-01 00:37:26
In 20 years...
"I'll take 'pre-crypto money' for 2,000 bits."
"Some say that the creation of Bitcoin hastened the demise of this currency, managed by the Federal Reserve."
@_date: 2014-02-02 04:11:45
Super-exponential growth makes sense if you assume both (a) adoption (measured by the number of users) is growing exponentially (i.e., following the 'S-curve' seen with the adoption of many other revolutionary technologies) and (b) the relationship between the size of the Bitcoin network and the value of the Bitcoin network follows Metcalfe's law.  
BTW: here's a comment (with graph) from bitcointalk that claims that super-exponential growth seems to fit the price data from 1.11.2011 better than simple exponential.  
  
@_date: 2014-01-01 12:28:26
Lighten up, dude.
@_date: 2014-05-08 01:27:04
I was gonna say that this is a pretty obvious false flag effort by an anti-dogecoin bitcoiner attempting to make dogecoiners look like assholes (because no one could really be *that* un-selfaware), but based on his post history this might actually be legit. 
@_date: 2014-02-09 02:16:14
Eventually. Right now, I'd say Bitcoin's more important function (i.e. the source of most of its demand) is as a highly-speculative investment. At some point (if it succeeds) it will transition to being a less-speculative (lower risk, lower reward) "store of value," i.e., a gold-like alternative to holding depreciating fiat. When and if it reaches saturation (at a valuation that will likely be several orders of magnitude higher than it is currently), then and only then will its primary utility come from its usefulness as a currency (i.e. a direct medium of exchange).
I think it's a very common misconception that Bitcoin is "supposed to be" a currency now or that it can only be valuable if it succeeds as a direct medium of exchange. Consider that the vast majority of gold's valuation comes from its usefulness as a financial asset, i.e. a store of value, despite the fact that very few people "spend" their gold directly. Instead they access the stored value represented by their gold by going through the intermediate step of first exchanging it for fiat. Bitcoin, unlike gold, has the potential to be an amazingly efficient direct medium of exchange. But success as a direct medium of exchange is much more reliant on network effects, i.e. it will take longer.
@_date: 2014-04-26 03:29:21
I wouldn't go so far as to call a doge filthy but they're definitely dirty. But, a doge's got personality. Personality goes a long way. 
@_date: 2014-08-10 16:38:58


I disagree. Here's something I wrote a little while back:


@_date: 2014-12-05 13:01:21


That doesn't necessarily mean it's a fake. We could be dealing with an Interstellar-type situation here. The "teacher" is the son from the future trying to warn the ten-year-old version of himself about Bitcoin's Ponzi nature to save himself and humanity from the economic ruin that Bitcoin will unleash if left unchecked.
@_date: 2014-11-10 01:15:42
Still too long IMO. This one is only 23 seconds and covers pretty much everything.
On the other hand, if you're looking to get really deep into Bitcoin, there's this extremely comprehensive 10-hour video. If you're a grad student planning to do your dissertation on anything Bitcoin related, this is must-watch material.
@_date: 2014-10-27 18:16:11


That's arguably its defining characteristic! Dollars "in your bank account" represent an IOU for dollars from your bank to you. There's counterparty risk there because you have to trust that your bank will actually let you withdraw / spend those dollars when you want to. You can hold your dollars as physical cash but there's still counterparty risk there because you have to trust the central bank not to steal the purchasing power of your dollars through inflation. And if you want to make any kind of non-in-person payment with dollars, there's always a central authority in the middle that you have to trust to effectuate the desired transaction (e.g., your bank, PayPal, western union, etc.) With Bitcoin, you can hold value and/or transfer it halfway around the world without relying on a trusted central authority -- no counterparty risk.
@_date: 2014-12-05 16:16:36
I think "pump and dump" and "speculative bubble" are essentially the same claim, no? The small difference being the former term's suggestion that certain characters in the market are intentionally attempting to create and profit from the bubble?
@_date: 2014-11-10 02:46:30
The ledger, the only piece that needs to be preserved in order for "Bitcoin" to survive, is just *information*. It seems to me that makes Bitcoin almost infinitely adaptable. The horse-drawn carriage and airplane in your example seem much more clearly analogous to the protocol that's used to update the Bitcoin ledger. So to continue the analogy, I'd argue that updating the protocol while preserving continuity of the ledger would be more like giving your new airplane the same name you used for your horse. Another analogy that I've seen people toss around when wondering if Bitcoin will be outcompeted by an alt is VHS vs. Betamax. But again those two formats are more akin to protocols. Bitcoin the ledger is more analogous to the movies themselves. And even though DVDs and computer files are now the dominant formats for movies, you can still watch old movies that were made when VHS was dominant, because that informational content could be and was carried over to the new formats.
@_date: 2014-10-03 18:59:26
$1 ;)
@_date: 2014-05-10 21:39:41
Agreed. A reasonable tip should be at least three times bigger than that. 3 bits
@_date: 2014-11-17 10:14:24
How about "freer trade"? Money is half of almost all economic transactions, and so the development of a censorship-resistant money is one very big piece of the puzzle. But yes, you still have to worry about censorship on the goods / services side. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 02:42:10
Interesting non-sequitur but um, no...
@_date: 2014-06-21 01:19:14
Oh wow, that does make me nervous. New plan. I'm going to *every* Bitcoin Bowl, I don't care how long the sponsorship lasts. And I'm going to make a conscious effort to develop a genuine appreciation for the sport of American football.
@_date: 2014-09-01 04:04:39
Yes and no.  The context is important.  Yes, bitcoin traded (very briefly) above $1,000 at the end of November 2013.  But it *started* November at around $200.  And it started October at around $125.  And it started 2013 at around $13.  
@_date: 2014-08-25 03:51:26


I don't think we can really say that "the market" has decided that.  Ordinarily, when we talk about "the market" making decisions, we are describing the cumulative effect of millions of individual buyers and sellers making decisions about *voluntary* exchanges. A defining characteristic of "the state" is that its interactions are not voluntary.  What we *can* say is that, currently, most people do still believe in the idea of "government" as a legitimate institution.  Just as at one time most people (or to use your terminology, "the collective market") accepted slavery or the unequal treatment of women as legitimate.   


No one special.  Just an individual with his own set of preferences / views on morality who rejects the notion that what is popular is always right.  


Oh, I'm not making any claims to universal capital-t truth here.  The NAP is simply one of the principles that I choose to live by and reflects my own preferences about the kind of world I'd like to live in.  Whether or not "most humans" agree with the NAP is an interesting question.  On the one hand, I think almost everyone *would* agree that they're morally opposed to aggression, theft, murder, etc.  But on the other hand, most of them also accept the legitimacy of the state, an entity that systematically violates the NAP.  People are full of contradictions.  But again, I try not to base my own views on what is popular.  


No need to apologize for your opinion, friend.
@_date: 2014-09-15 15:37:36
Well, the way I see it there are two primary benefits of a decentralized marketplace. There's censorship resistance. And yes, obviously one of the largest censored markets is the market for certain politically-disfavored intoxicants. A decentralized marketplace will hopefully enable people to safely buy those substances from trusted, well-reviewed sellers and actually be confident that they know the identity and potency of what they're getting and that it's free of dangerous impurities -- and to do so without being kidnapped or brutalized by costumed thugs. That is a pretty compelling use case and a huge benefit even if it were the only one a decentralized market provided.
The second principal benefit I see is increased economic efficiencies as a result of eliminating now-unnecessary middlemen like eBay and Amazon.
@_date: 2014-01-11 10:01:39
Well, sort of, but that's just how money works.  No one *actually* wants dollars (or Bitcoins).  They want stuff -- useful goods and services that can be used to directly satisfy their wants and needs.  The only reason anyone *ever* agrees to accept money in exchange for providing something else of value is because they believe that later, they'll be able to exchange that money for something they really want.  And it doesn't really matter whether people access the stored value their bitcoins represent by exchanging those bitcoins directly for goods and services, or by going through the intermediate step of first exchanging them for fiat.  (Note that gold still serves a useful monetary function as a store of value even though almost no one "spends" gold directly.)  
And the inevitable end game for Bitcoin is not that you eventually "run out of" buyers; it's that Bitcoin's hyper-monetization reaches a saturation point.  At that point, people who accept Bitcoin in exchange for fiat or providing goods and services won't do so because they expect its value to increase dramatically; they'll do so simply because they expect Bitcoin to *hold* its value (or increase relatively slowly at a rate that's commensurate with the growth of the underlying economy).
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:05:51


Yep, or as others have said, money is memory. Its entire purpose is to facilitate exchange by *preserving* a reliable record of value given but not yet received. Switching *ledgers* every time an improvement in *protocol* is made is insane because it would essentially defeat that purpose. It's like--actually worse than--buying a more powerful computer every six months and throwing the old one in the trash without copying over your photos or other important documents.
@_date: 2014-06-24 08:25:39
You can have fractional reserve banking without the influence of a state, but only on a much smaller and less problematic scale. Note that FRB only operates to expand the money supply when the I.O.U.'s for money begin to be treated as the equivalent of money. But this will only occur when the I.O.U.'s provide a transactional advantage over the actual money that is sufficient to compensate for the risk of default. For example it's MUCH more convenient to transact in gold I.O.U.'s rather than physical gold. Similarly it's much more convenient to transact with electronic checkbook money as opposed to physical cash. In contrast, bitcoin IOUs don't provide a significant transactional advantage over actual bitcoins. (Although this may change if bitcoin is not able to scale in a way that keeps transaction fees reasonably low.) Also, there's no system of implicit and explicit governmental guarantees that would back up the issuers of Bitcoin I.O.U.'s. There's no FDIC insurance for your Coinbase account to make you indifferent as between holding actual bitcoins versus an IOU from Coinbase for bitcoins. (It's sadly true that a lot of people are indifferent to that distinction today, but that would change if it became clear that Coinbase were operating on a fractional reserve basis.)
@_date: 2014-07-12 20:44:17
Ha ha, well in that case here's a little more so the balance isn't quite as depressing. 2500 bits 
I really like breadwallet for a phone wallet (iOS) and electrum for my laptop. For non-trivial sums / long-term storage I'd use BIP38-encrypted paper wallets. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 17:05:14
That's what I said when I heard that this website called "reddit" was letting people buy something called "reddit gold" with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-23 01:59:02
If you're butthurt because some people have more bitcoins than you do / you think the distribution of coins isn't "fair," remember that the currency is entirely voluntary. No one is forcing you to use it.  It's also open-source.  If you think you've got a better way to handle the problem of initial distribution (while providing sufficient incentives to bootstrap the initial adoption / development of infrastructure necessary to get the network effect to a point that's self-sustaining), go and implement it in an alt-coin and try to convince others to use it. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 23:29:44
The first problem you list is not a problem.  It's *good* that (lots of) people have "very high expectations" for Bitcoin because that will motivate them to spend time, money, energy improving the ecosystem when it's most in need of being bootstrapped.  (Of course, it should be noted that there are also plenty of people who have very *low* expectations of Bitcoin and are convinced it's a Ponzi, bubble, fad, etc.)  "Problems" two, three, and four are essentially the same argument, i.e. that Bitcoin allegedly fails to provide much in the way of benefit.  To put it bluntly, I think that's crazy.  [Bitcoin is the first currency and money system in the world which has no counter-party risk to hold and to transfer.]( That's a huge, huge deal.  It should also be noted that Bitcoin benefits from network effects, meaning that it becomes more useful the more people use it--which incentivizes more people to use it--which makes the network more useful, etc.  It's come a hell of a long way in the past few years.  Patience.  The final problem you identify is a real one, but Bitcoin is (a) global and (b) designed to be censorship-resistant.  That will help limit the damage any one particular government can do to it.
Also read this: 
@_date: 2014-05-09 22:43:10
I had the same thought. "Master" counterfeiter? This guy's an amateur.
@_date: 2014-04-22 03:20:25


Sure, it's possible that something even better could come along and displace Bitcoin, although again, that something better could just be an upgraded version of Bitcoin.  And of course, with respect to fiat currencies, the question isn't: "what if something even better comes along one day and replaces this?" The question is: "what if something better is already here?"


Conceptually, it seems to me that the Bitcoin protocol could be adapted in an almost infinite number ways while still preserving continuity of the Bitcoin ledger.  
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:41:10


And how do you know it wasn't? Oh, let me guess, in your ageist, sexist narrow-minded little worldview, the possibility that Satoshi might be an 11-year-old girl is just unthinkable?
@_date: 2014-12-04 02:15:08


I think there's some truth to that, but I think it can also be overstated. In my opinion, the biggest obstacle to "getting" Bitcoin BY FAR is the fact that most people don't understand the nature of money. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 14:31:08
@_date: 2014-09-30 20:47:32
Yep, you've got the basic idea. Why does anyone use it? You may be right about the "self-binding" angle -- perhaps there's a link to that whole misguided "buy local" movement? I'm guessing cash may also have some "retro" / "ironic" appeal to the hipster crowd, but who knows?
@_date: 2014-04-25 14:29:43
I just pulled some fiat out of my wallet, and there are a lot of white dudes there as well.
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:51:08
Who is the more trollish? The troll or the troll who trolls him?
@_date: 2014-11-08 01:53:08
Making the first one (or two or three) confirmations in a particular thread public and then switching them off to avoid clogging the thread seems like a reasonable middle ground.
@_date: 2014-01-21 23:30:21
De minimis amounts of bitcoin have this funny habit of becoming not so de minimis.
@_date: 2014-04-05 01:14:48
True, but I'm not sure that's really responsive. If it cost you 10% for every credit card transaction you made but that fee was split equally among 100 different companies, that wouldn't change the fact that the fee was exorbitant. The more important point is that the block reward is not a "transaction fee." It's simply the mechanism for fairly handling the initial distribution of Bitcoin's 21 million coin supply while bootstrapping a secure network.
@_date: 2014-04-21 20:43:46
No, I get that, and what I argue is that preserving *a* ledger is, from a systemic perspective, important to everyone.
@_date: 2014-01-19 19:23:44
It's a joke, but not everyone gets that it's a joke. That's quite possibly the most hilarious aspect of the joke. Having said that, if enough people don't think that it's a joke, it will stop being a joke, and the joke will be on those who thought it was a joke. Get it?
@_date: 2014-09-10 21:01:17
I think the question is: how many bitcoins does it take to buy your mum?
@_date: 2014-12-17 00:24:16


More like: "this currency is undermined by the lack of integrity of its bankers and politicians."
@_date: 2014-08-22 22:18:38
I really like language as an analogy for money.  Whereas a typical language like English is a protocol for communicating all kinds of information, money is a protocol for communicating *credible* information *about value given but not yet received*.  If you go through familiar properties of good money (i.e, scarcity, fungibility, divisibility, portability, etc.) with that analogy in mind, you'll see that there are really only two  requirements.  First, the protocol must ensure that it facilitates the transmission of *credible* messages.  And second, the protocol should facilitate the *efficient transmission* of those messages. Gold satisfies the first requirement, but not the second -- at least from the perspective of a modern, global economy.  Digital fiat does a pretty good job at satisfying the second requirement, but not the first.  The constant creation of new fiat out of thin air is equivalent to the constant creation of false messages that undermine the integrity and usefulness of the system.  Bitcoin is exciting because it's the first money that may be able to simultaneously satisfy both requirements. Another obvious parallel between money and language is the importance of network effects.  The more people that speak a language, the more useful it is.  The more people that use a particular form of money, the more useful and valuable it is.  
@_date: 2014-05-07 22:00:24
Interesting. I remember hearing somewhere (random YouTube video) the idea that people have an instinctual distrust / dislike of explicit quid pro quo exchange (e.g. including trade using money) because it traditionally signaled social distance. It was something that you did with outsiders whereas the economics of tribal life were based on informal gifts / debts. And even today, that's typically how economic life within a family is conducted. After all, my wife doesn't pay me to take out the trash -- well, not explicitly anyway.
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:31:36
The opportunity cost doesn't go away even if you obscure its effective communication via inflationary policies. As I said in another comment in this thread:


@_date: 2015-05-11 14:19:11
Thanks for the reply. I guess my hunch is that "fairly quickly" would in fact prove to be pretty damn quick given the strong shared incentives for reaching a consensus and the powerful positive feedback loop / snowball effect that would occur as soon as one branch was perceived as being the more likely winner (the perception would soon become the reality). That seems especially true if it were possible for people to quickly trade coins in one fork for coins in the other. In other words, maybe making things a little messy periodically is good. Or maybe not. I don't know.
@_date: 2014-02-09 12:56:31
As I understand it, not all "work" lends itself to use in a proof-of-work algorithm. The work has to be difficult to do, but very easy to confirm. And there needs to be an easy way to adjust the difficulty level of the work.
@_date: 2015-05-13 16:37:21
Well, yeah. I assumed (modestly, I thought) that people would understand that I was joking. :)
@_date: 2014-08-11 22:13:10
Nope, a lot of them are very unpleasant people. And you can absolutely support legalization without supporting those people. In fact, supporting legalization is a great way to harm their interests. But supporting enforcement of drug laws is misguided.
@_date: 2014-05-09 00:55:39


But he figured out a pretty good way to remove politics from money (or at least a pretty good start in that direction).
@_date: 2014-07-25 15:37:47


Are they? They're just words obviously, and so like all words, they're used differently by different people. But my impression is that when most people talk about the "state" or the "government" they're implying a certain level of legitimacy, a right to rule. (Edit: and I do think that claiming a monopoly on the use of initiatory violence within a particular geographic area is a defining characteristic as most people use / understand those terms.)


I don't really disagree. To me, anarchism is less about the belief that "governments" *shouldn't* exist and more about the recognition that they *don't* exist.  The fact that certain people call themselves "government" doesn't make what would otherwise be unjust actions just -- and that's true even if certain rituals like voting were observed. But that observation doesn't automatically provide a complete roadmap for some kind of utopian perfectly-just society.
@_date: 2014-10-22 21:49:36
Altcoins aren't going to "die." But yeah, they might be further marginalized, but again what do you expect? Are you suggesting that people should really deliberately not try to make Bitcoin more useful just so that altcoins are artificially protected from the competition? Because that's not going to happen. Finally, I think what we are seeing here *is* "passionate innovation." You don't think there are plenty of people passionate about making Bitcoin better?
@_date: 2014-06-03 23:43:45
No, it's a Coinbase paper wallet. I don't think the QT client even has a paper wallet feature.
@_date: 2014-10-22 00:35:10


What the hell dude? Let me guess, you're a paid shill for the banking lobby? ;)
Edit: to make a serious point in response to your comment, I'd agree that Bitcoin's current volatility is a huge problem *if Bitcoin were supposed to be a currency right now*, but at least from my perspective, that's not the case.  Right now, Bitcoin's primary utility is as a highly-speculative (high risk, high potential reward) asset.  If it continues to succeed and grow, it may transition to being a less-speculative (lower risk, lower potential reward) gold-like store of value.  And if it's *really* successful, its primary utility may one day be as a currency, i.e. a direct medium of exchange with lots of "closed loops" where people earn and spend bitcoins without ever converting to fiat.  But success as a currency is much more reliant on network effects and so will take a much longer time to achieve (assuming it ever happens at all).  Finally, it should be noted that some of Bitcoin's current speculative value is based on its future potential usefulness as a currency.  
@_date: 2014-12-14 03:32:20
Sorry, then I guess I didn't follow you. Could you elaborate?
@_date: 2014-07-25 17:14:08


That's true. So in reality, the balance of risk between securing your own coins versus using a service like Coinbase is going to be different for each person. I guess I'd just observe that the average person is terrible at digital security today because they don't have any significant experience with it. Bitcoin, a decentralized digital commodity, really is a new paradigm. So I'm hopeful that as adoption continues people will learn from their mistakes and the mistakes of others. My second point would be that bitcoin is still very immature as a technology. Tools that make strong security easier (eg hardware wallets and multisig solutions)  will continue to be developed and to be made easier to use. Also, even if people are crappy at digital security and need to outsource that to a third party, I still see solutions like greenaddress that don't require handing over complete control of your funds as a superior solution to a traditional banking model. Finally, I'm not quite sure how to evaluate the level of risk that people who keep their coins with coinbase are exposing themselves to. I would place a relatively high degree of trust in a company like coinbase not running off with the coins or having them stolen through incompetence. But I don't have much trust at all in the governments that coinbase must answer to. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 01:35:46


I'm not unsympathetic to the sentiment, but I feel strongly that we should keep this revolution a non-violent one.
@_date: 2014-01-17 17:00:29


It's both.  Right now, I'd say its more important function (i.e. the source of most of its demand) is as a highly-speculative investment.  At some point (if it succeeds) it will transition to being a less-speculative (lower risk, lower reward) "store of value," i.e., a gold-like alternative to holding depreciating fiat. When and if it reaches saturation (at a valuation that will likely be several orders of magnitude higher than it is currently), then and only then will its primary utility come from its usefulness as a currency (i.e. a direct medium of exchange).  
EDIT: I think it's a very common misconception that Bitcoin is "supposed to be" a currency now or that it can only be valuable if it succeeds as a direct medium of exchange.  Consider that the vast majority of gold's valuation comes from its usefulness as a financial asset, i.e. a store of value, despite the fact that very few people "spend" their gold directly.  Instead they access the stored value represented by their gold by going through the intermediate step of first exchanging it for fiat.  Bitcoin, unlike gold, has the potential to be an amazingly efficient direct medium of exchange.  But success as a direct medium of exchange is much more reliant on network effects, i.e. it will take longer.  Patience.  
@_date: 2014-11-16 19:16:46


I'm pretty sure that was the point. It was an intentionally absurd logical leap intended to mock the absurd logical leap behind total_product_recall's implicit suggestion that a return to 18th century levels of government taxation would necessitate a return to 18th century life expectancies. He might as well have said that he doesn't want to wear a powdered wig.
@_date: 2014-09-12 17:45:07
Yep, the pure fiat dollar has only been around for about 43 years, but in that time it's lost about 83% of its purchasing power. And 43 years for a fiat currency is getting pretty long in the tooth.
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:29:19
Maybe. Creating a trusted payment network has costs of its own, true. But so does creating Bitcoin's trustless network. I mean, thousands of people are running lots of very expensive hardware to maintain the integrity of a single and still relatively-small ledger. In theory, it could all be done by a single dude with a low-end laptop -- if we all trusted him. Look at changetip. Using it to send funds is free which makes it cheaper than a trustless on-blockchain transfer. And so it makes sense for what it's designed for, but if anyone held a huge amount of value in their changetip account they'd be crazy. So there are always tradeoffs.
@_date: 2014-06-21 22:35:56


Keynesian slip?
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:07:36
Do we have any idea how much they paid for this sponsorship deal? I assume exact price might be confidential but do we have a rough idea of the likely figure?
@_date: 2014-08-07 20:43:37
I've seen that joke made a number of times now and while it's kinda funny (at least the first time you hear it), it doesn't really say much. "Many bitcoin enthusiasts are skeptical of alt-ledgers -- kinda like how people who are not bitcoin enthusiasts are skeptical of bitcoin!" Well, yeah... But that doesn't tell us much about whether either group's skepticism is warranted. And I'm not sure I'd agree that the two groups' criticisms really sound that similar. 
At least to me, that reads a bit more convincingly than any critique of bitcoin I've read from a bitcoin skeptic.
@_date: 2014-09-30 17:52:44
I think the basic absurdity works (i.e. they're excited that they can still access their bitcoin rather than just use their smartphone to make a distress call). But I think sending bitcoins to their son who doesn't know that they've crashed so he can go shopping has too many layers of absurdity and is confusing. It'd be better if he pulled out his smartphone, saw that his bitcoin wallet still worked (with some dialogue to that effect) and then you had a scene where a bunch of survival gear was shown being delivered to the island -- maybe via parachuted crates. (Obviously silly that he's using bitcoins to order stuff to a deserted island and not just calling for rescue.) And better than really practical "survival gear" would be a bunch of really nice, but impractical stuff suggesting that they plan to live it up in style on the island.
Edit: and then maybe the tagline can be something to highlight Bitcoin's global / permissionless nature, e.g. "Bitcoin: Access to your money anytime, anywhere." Of course, the reality is that you can access your bitcoins *anywhere you have internet*, and a desert island is one place that's going to be unlikely -- but maybe worrying about that in the context of a clearly-silly ad is being too literal.
@_date: 2015-05-27 04:33:16
Really? I almost always use a credit card even for small purchases because I find it more convenient and don't like dealing with cash / change. But if there were really a strong demand for a physical Bitcoin, there's no reason in principle that someone couldn't issue Bitcoin-backed notes / coins.
@_date: 2015-05-11 13:01:27
As someone who hasn't been paying very close attention to the block size debate, I'm having a hard time understanding why we need a hardcoded maximum block size. If the cap were removed tomorrow, wouldn't an effective cap emerge based on network consensus? So for example if I were to broadcast an outlandishly large block (1-TB) in a no-cap world, wouldn't it likely just be ignored by other miners who would assume that if they mined on top of it, *their* block would be ignored? And wouldn't there likely be coordination and communication among the larger pools such that the effective max size would be pretty well-known? I guess I imagine there would be periodic power struggles as different groups tried to push through or resist changes in the "soft" cap, perhaps even resulting in the occasional effective fork as two chains competed, but it seems like those would be resolved fairly quickly, no? 
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:59:08
I don't think there's anything wrong with debt-based money *per se* if it's what the market decides on. Here's something I wrote a while back that explains my views in a little more detail: 


@_date: 2014-06-25 23:10:06
Yep. But I imagine most Americans would think to themselves, "but that doesn't apply to the dollar -- that's been around *forever*" -- not realizing that the pure fiat dollar is only 43 years old.
@_date: 2014-05-07 18:16:53
Because God forbid an important warning about this new, dire terrorist threat be *too* highly publicized. What are you, some kind of Bitcoin sympathizer? 
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:08:39
The only good iPhone is a smashed iPhone.
Sent from my iPhone
@_date: 2014-08-22 18:34:52


No, the fact that gold is reliably scarce makes it valuable. Making a backup of your private key doesn't double the number of bitcoins you have. It just helps you to protect them against loss. Now, you might say that having multiple copies of your private keys floating around can increase the risk of *theft*. And that's true, particularly if you're talking about unencrypted keys. There's some (probably unavoidable) tension between securing against loss vs. theft. But that doesn't change the fact that *having the option* of making multiple backups of your keys is a good thing. And as a practical matter, having at least one encrypted backup is almost without question going to provide a net benefit.


Sure, a lot of people can understate the tech-savviness barrier to secure storage, but I think it's also easy to overstate it. At the end of the day, secure storage of bitcoin more or less boils down to doing three things. Generate a random number that's adequately random (e.g. use dice). Keep that number a secret (e.g., don't generate or store it on a device that touches the internet). And don't lose all your copies of that secret number (e.g., make paper backups and store them in secure locations). That doesn't strike me as a technologically insoluble problem.
@_date: 2014-04-06 15:34:57
Yes, and the fact that it's an obvious throwaway account makes it more difficult to trust. It could be that the story's legit and this middleschooler used a throwaway here because he always uses them for privacy reasons or because he considered this particular post to be especially sensitive. OR it could be that the dude who made this story up has a regular account history that says "I'm not a 13-year-old boy."
More generally, I find OP's story to be *unlikely*, but of course, not impossible.  Finally, the tone and details suggest, to me at least, an adult *trying to sound like* a middleschooler rather than an actual middleschooler.  Put it all together, and my BS detector is pinging VERY loudly on this one.  
@_date: 2014-04-03 04:01:46
Well, of course -- *eventually*. That's the way of the world.  But with fiat currencies, the question isn't "what if something even better comes along one day?" The question is: "what if something better is already here?"  Also keep in mind that Bitcoin isn't *really* the current protocol that's used to maintain and update the Bitcoin ledger; it *is* that ledger.  The protocol can be, has been, and will continue to be improved when it's warranted.  The fact that Bitcoin (the ledger) can coopt improvements of would-be challengers means that displacing it may prove more difficult than many imagine.    
@_date: 2014-04-08 23:19:32
Reading Erik Voorhees' "Bitcoin - The Libertarian Introduction" in April, 2012 when bitcoins were trading at around $5 a piece. Bought my first coins a few days later.  - I owe you big time, dude. Here's the link to the blog post in question which is still one of the best explanations for what Bitcoin is and why it's important that I've ever seen.
 
@_date: 2014-07-10 20:12:36
Thanks for the reply! 1000 bits (let's see if I have that much left)
@_date: 2014-11-10 02:30:23
I know, dude. I was just making a bad joke. ;)
@_date: 2014-12-16 02:57:59
1 beer
@_date: 2014-10-16 13:23:04


Wow, you didn't even make it 30 seconds.
@_date: 2014-12-02 03:30:34


I think your statement actually begs the question: is there such a thing as "legitimate authority"?
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:01:36
I don't think that deflation / inflation are always good / bad. I think that money is, or at least should be, a market phenomenon. Inflation and deflation represent changes in the "price" of money, i.e., how many goods and services you have to pay in order to "buy" a given unit of money. I believe that prices perform important signaling and rationing functions. I believe that price controls are bad because they distort these functions. And I view the manipulation of a currency's supply and interest rate by central banks as an example of price controls. 
@_date: 2014-06-09 13:18:28
Ah, ok, that makes a lot of sense. A few follow-ups if you don't mind:
1. Is the "new joiner" problem the *only* reason rolling automatic checkpoints are problematic? In other words, if everyone who was ever going to mine were already doing so and the network were starting from a state without an in-progress double-spend attack, would rolling automatic checkpoints solve the problem?
2. Isn't the "new joiner" problem only a problem *once* for each new joiner (or at least an infrequent problem assuming you rarely stop and restart mining)? 
3. I wonder if perhaps this is a problem that's difficult for computers to "solve" 100% trustlessly via code but one that's amenable to "good-enough" solutions via some heuristics and a little human judgement? Assuming the answers to questions 1 and 2 are both yes, wouldn't it be possible *as a practical matter* to figure out the state of the network (i.e. the consensus of non-malicious actors) by checking a few different trusted sources? So when you join the network for the first time check the bitcoin message boards, check with long-time trusted members of the community, Bitpay, etc. to see if the network is currently under attack and to figure out the informal consensus regarding the network's "true state"?
250 bits
@_date: 2014-06-23 17:20:21
Not necessarily. If the dollar were a completely voluntary money system, I wouldn't consider its devaluation theft -- assuming all participants understood that was a possibility based on the agreed-upon rules of the system. But, unfortunately, the dollar is not a voluntary system. The dollar is the beneficiary of many forms of coercion-backed privilege including legal tender laws, the fact that the government demands payment of taxes in fiat (a more direct form of theft), the requirement to pay capital gains on appreciation of competing money when its dollar-denominated value rises (even if those gains are simply the result of dollar inflation), and the fact that the government has actively sought to suppress or destroy would-be competitors like e-gold.
@_date: 2017-02-07 03:52:18




But that's the only choice we have.  The very nature of the system means that the only power volunteer, open-source *programmers* have is to propose *suggested* Schelling points.  The 1-MB limit was a  proposed Schelling point that the market converged on when it was introduced into the Satoshi code base by Satoshi back in 2010.  Obviously if he'd introduced a totally absurd proposal at that time (like a 1 *kb* block size limit) we would hope that the network participants would have rejected that proposal (or at least quickly reversed it).   The 1-MB limit is a Schelling point that's currently being bolstered by the fact that it's the status quo (always a strong Schelling point), by the fact that it's "hard coded" in the still-dominant implementation (forcing conservative miners to "switch development teams" if they want to get rid of it), and by the fact that there is a large amount of (imho, extremely misguided) fear surrounding the supposed "danger" of "contentious hard forks." Devs *could* propose specific Schelling points for a new block size limit. I think the Core team has (or at least had) sufficient influence to have gotten any reasonable proposal approved if they had implemented it in their code base and lobbied for its adoption (e.g., 2-4-8 with a 75% activation trigger). The XT team put out a client with a specific proposal but it was rejected, I think in no small part because it was seen as too ambitious.  Classic also put out an initial specific proposal that was ultimately rejected, I think in no small part because it was seen as too conservative. ("Why should we take the risk of switching development teams for a one-time can kick when this same issue is just going to come up again in a year?")  BU isn't incompatible with the network deciding to converge on a dev proposed Schelling point. BU's lead dev *could* propose a flag day or activation trigger (e.g., wait until 75% of network is signalling support for BU and then bump up to a 2-MB EB setting starting X blocks later). 


I really don't see that.  Miners want to protect both the value of their hardware investment and the value of the coins they produce.  If they screw up, the market should be able to respond almost immediately to price in the harm they've done to the network.


But their governance role is *unavoidable.*  They've always had the ability to choose what software to run and (if need be) hire programmers to produce software with the features they want. BU doesn't give miners any new power they didn't already possess; it merely removes a paper-thin "inconvenience barrier" to actually exercising that power.


This seems like a pretty extreme claim to me.  The idea that miners won't be selling at any price seems plainly incorrect.  As does the idea that a well-funded major holder (or group of holders) couldn't bring significant new hash power online if they were sufficiently motivated. And if the existing miners really did somehow obtain a death-grip on hash power and if they were mismanaging the network badly enough there's always the "nuclear option" of a PoW-change.  Although I think that will tend to require fairly extreme circumstances to be successful (e.g., a mining majority that is behaving in a *clearly* malicious manner / 51% attacking the network).
@_date: 2014-10-24 19:46:56
Of course most people don't care about "decentralization." It's an abstract principle. But people will care about what decentralization enables, namely censorship-resistance and a reliably-scarce supply.
@_date: 2015-05-30 01:17:42
[Oreos May Be As Addictive As Cocaine](




Oreos. Not even once.
@_date: 2014-10-30 02:44:38
My usual take:




@_date: 2017-02-05 07:50:35


I think that's too strong. Splitting doesn't *generally* make sense. But that doesn't mean it's always undesirable. There are certainly costs associated with a split (some loss of network effect, possible ecosystem confusion). But there are also benefits (more people get to satisfy their preferences with respect to protocol, ability to experiment with multiple directions to determine best one).  So if an (economically-significant, persistent / semi-persistent) split occurs, I view that as strong evidence that the benefits of a split outweigh the costs.  *Long-term*, I think one chain will likely dominate over the other (if not kill it off entirely), but a split seems like a pretty healthy mechanism for the market to express itself and experiment to determine the best direction. 
You can think of Bitcoin as a herd of animals where all individuals in the group are free to go in any direction they want -- but where the overwhelming importance of the network effect usually means that it makes sense to stay with the herd (even if they're not traveling in your preferred direction).  But there may be situations where you're convinced that the economic majority is not merely heading in a direction that's suboptimal -- but is actually heading over a proverbial cliff. In those cases, you should obviously not follow the majority -- whether that means not following a majority "hard fork" or participating in a minority fork if it's the current direction that leads toward doom. Obviously the benefits of being part of a larger group are not worth "dying" over. And that's exactly why chain splits are so healthy (in certain circumstances). If there are at least some members of "the herd" who don't follow the majority over a cliff, Bitcoin as a species survives. And not only does it survive, it enjoys this evolutionary, survival-of-the-fittest benefit where the people who prove themselves best at identifying the successful path gain increased influence over future decisions regarding direction (by selling off their stake in the doomed chain for a larger stake in the successful chain). The herd loses some members and may thus be temporarily more vulnerable, but from a longer-term perspective, it has grown stronger as a result of natural selection.  That's the anti-fragile nature of Bitcoin: things that cause short-term harm produce long-term strength. Also, it should be noted that if you're not sure which chain is going to survive, you can simply sit tight and preserve an equal balance on both chains until the situation is resolved.
I *suspect* that it generally won't make sense to spend significant resources attacking a minority chain that wants to go their own way. The network effect is a beast when it comes to money. If you're convinced one group is making a mistake (which will almost always be the minority chain), simply sell off your stake in that chain for a larger stake in the chain you predict will be more successful. But that determination (whether to attack a minority chain) is ultimately one that's going to be made by the market. 
@_date: 2014-02-09 14:32:18
Is the tl;dr that MtGox might *just* be incompetent (rather than incompetent and insolvent)?
@_date: 2014-09-10 17:05:27
The argument is not that Apple will fail. It's that ApplePay simply doesn't compete with the most compelling Bitcoin use cases (and so whether or not it fails is largely irrelevant). I agree and frankly am a bit baffled by how much attention many in this sub are giving ApplePay.
@_date: 2015-05-26 23:57:37
Yeah, it's pretty ridiculous.  It's funny too because I think there actually is a really great LoTR analogy to be made.  Central banking is the Ring of Power.  The monopoly power to create money is simply too great to be wielded by any one individual or entity without corrupting them.  If Bitcoin succeeds, it will have effectively cast the Ring of Power into Mount Doom.  tl;dr: Satoshi is actually Frodo.
@_date: 2014-09-15 18:48:49


Correct, scarcity is only one of the requirements for a good money. I'm guessing that your dog's shit is not durable, fungible, transportable, or easily recognizable (i.e., distinguishable from some other dog's shit). So it probably won't displace the dollar as the world reserve currency (not that the dollar is much better in most respects, but it does at least have a larger network effect).
@_date: 2017-02-02 21:28:03
Burning bitcoin hats just makes the remaining ones more valuable.  
@_date: 2015-05-11 00:02:11
Well, here's how I look at it.  The first issue, which is what my initial comments were getting at, is the idea of political authority.  I'm using that term in the [Michael Huemer sense]( to refer to the idea that some people have a *right to rule* over others who in turn have an *obligation to obey*.  There are lots of theories that people have come up with to defend political authority, e.g. the "divine right of kings" or various "social contract" theories. I consider myself an anarchist (using the term in its broadest sense) precisely because I reject the idea of political authority.  But the question of political authority is ultimately a personal one. If you believe that the state has political authority, well then from your perspective I suppose it does.  
And then there's the issue of property. "Property" just refers to a social construct / various sets of norms that have been developed for resolving conflicts over scarce resources.  No one *actually* owns anything.  People make claims of ownership and seek to defend them, sometimes via threats of violence and sometimes in other ways.  And other people either respect those claims or they don't. I'm an anarcho*capitalist* because my own personal preference is for the set of property norms that includes "private property," and in particular "private ownership of the means of production."
@_date: 2015-05-10 01:21:08


Not trying to be a jerk, but well... yeah, that's exactly how prices work to allocate scarce resources. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 13:48:38
Absolutely, because Bitcoin is far superior to gold from a transactional perspective. But gold still has a far larger network effect as evidenced by its far larger "market cap" (several trillion dollars versus several billion dollars).
@_date: 2015-05-10 16:39:33
*What* gives fiat *value* is the wrong question. Value is subjective. *People* assign (differing and subjective) values to fiat based on their perceptions and preferences. A better question is what gives fiat its *price* -- in terms of the quantity of goods / services that a person must spend in order to "buy" a given quantity. Price is determined by the intersection of supply and demand. In order to have a "supply" in an economic sense, a good needs to be scarce. Where does fiat's (relative) scarcity come from? Well, that does in fact come from men with guns granting a violence-backed monopoly on fiat's issuance to a privileged elite. What about the demand side? Well, government violence plays a role there as well. Taxes collected via threat of violence are payable exclusively in fiat. Legal tender laws (enforced via violence) are another way that fiat is given a privileged position in the market for money. And would-be money competitors are also disadvantaged by things like taxation on capital gains when trading, e.g. appreciated precious metals (even if that "appreciation" is only an artifact of fiat's depreciation). As I say, Bitcoin uses a blockchain protected by proof of work. Fiat uses debt chains protected by proof of violence.
@_date: 2014-06-09 11:52:05
Question about 51% double-spend attack (I know, sorry): how many confirmations can an attacker with 51% of the network realistically reverse? Doesn't a double-spend attack become increasingly obvious the more confirmations the attacker is trying to unwind? I guess I don't see why it's not easier to defend against with something like the following. "I will treat the longest valid chain as the 'real' one. Unless the new longest chain would have the effect of undoing more than 'x' blocks from what I previously considered to be the longest chain. In that case, I will assume the new longest chain is the action of a malicious attacker and ignore it." 
@_date: 2014-09-30 15:57:14
That's because you can't spend cash at a distance, can't make a backup of cash, encrypt it or use the equivalent of multi-sig or Shamir's Secret sharing algorithm to eliminate the loss of that unique physical item as a single point of failure, etc. That fiat shit is downright primitive. 
@_date: 2014-10-22 18:40:36
Nice. Thanks for the info. 1 internet (It's not a conflict of interest for you to accept that, is it?)
@_date: 2014-06-29 16:58:16
Just tried it out. Looks very slick, but a few questions / comments.  
**Problems with Waggle**
Got an error message when I tried to turn Waggle on (location-based sending/ receiving feature that's supposed to bring up a map with other nearby Hive users) -- "Uh Oh... We couldn't connect you to Waggle, please check your internet connection." My phone's internet connection is fine (using an iPhone 4S), so not sure what the problem is???
**No QR Code Functionality?**
It looks like you can only select a send-to address by typing / copying-and-pasting it into the address field or by using the Waggle functionality (which isn't working for me).  Why not a QR code option?  While Waggle might be a cool feature, obviously not every transaction you send will be to another Hive user -- so what's the thinking behind that decision?  
**Error Messages**
This is a relatively minor issue but when you get an error message because e.g., you entered your PIN incorrectly or because Waggle isn't working - it shows up in a large white pop-up screen with a big 'X' inside a red hexagon.  So your intuition (or at least mine) is to click on the 'X' to dismiss the message.  But you actually have to click in the small area outside the white pop-up to dismiss the message which seems very strange.  
**BIP32 Address Management**
It doesn't look like you have any control over address management which is probably fine if the goal of this wallet is to be super user-friendly.  So when you click on receive, it only brings up a single receive address / QR code.  Am I safe in assuming that once funds have been received at that address, the next time you go to receive funds a different address will automatically be used?  
@_date: 2015-05-07 18:08:42


Sort of, but you seem to be missing the significance. Yes, we've had decentralized money before in the form of physical commodity money. Dentralization is useful for ensuring a reliably scarce supply and preventing financial censorship. But passing around pieces of shiny metal is terribly inefficient from a transactional perspective. Updating ledger entries is so much easier, but (until recently) required the use of trusted central authorities, which obviously means sacrificing the benefits of decentralization. Bitcoin is the first form of money to combine the reliable scarcity of a commodity with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium. In other words, Bitcoin is the first form of money that is truly well-suited to being *both* a store of value and a medium of exchange.
@_date: 2015-05-13 23:00:06
Yes, it's *denominated* in dollars.  But that doesn't mean that they're only including dollars in their "Net Worth" calculations.  I have a hunch that Bill Gates doesn't keep all of that $79.2 billion in Federal Reserve Notes or in his checking account.
@_date: 2014-10-27 19:16:36
It sounds like you're thinking of Bitcoin as though it's primarily a payment system, e.g. something that would compete with Apple Pay. It's not. Bitcoin's real value proposition is as a new form of *money* and more specifically, the first money in the world to combine the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium. *That's* why I think it has a chance to be so revolutionary. Also, here's a [recent post of my mine]( that looks at the different reasons to be skeptical of Bitcoin's success which you may find interesting. 
@_date: 2014-08-10 16:29:54


I know, right? How are we *still* using a proof-of-work-based blockchain to solve the double-spend problem? I'm pretty sure that's what my great-grandparents used.
But seriously, there are lots of people thinking about / experimenting with alternative algorithms for achieving distributed consensus --proof of stake, hybrid PoW/PoS approaches, etc. Maybe one of them will prove cheaper and more secure to the point that it will justify replacing Bitcoin's current approach -- following LOTS of debate, research, and experimentation to confirm that it is in fact a better approach. The experiment is still young. Patience.
@_date: 2015-05-10 14:38:27
Actually, I've honestly only heard that term in passing. I checked out the Wikipedia page and frankly they sound like a bunch of delusional nutters who refuse to recognize my rightful authority as their god-king. That's ok. They will be brought in line. In time. Everything in its time.
@_date: 2014-01-08 03:29:48


Money isn't wealth in the sense that it can't be used to *directly* satisfy your wants and needs.  Its usefulness comes from your ability to exchange it for those things.  Or think of it this way: if the amount of wheat in world were to magically increase ten-fold overnight, we would say that the world had become wealthier as a result.  On the other hand, if the amount of money were to increase ten-fold -- i.e., if an extra zero were added to every banknote and account balance -- that would not make the world wealthier.  And yes, we talk about one of money's functions being as a "store of value," but all that really means is that money should be useful to facilitate exchanges across time.  


I think my first response addresses most of this, but I'll just add that money is most definitely not "inherently" valuable.  Again its value comes only from its usefulness as a medium of exchange.  And when I say that "money is information," I'm just describing the critical function that money serves.  If money didn't credibly communicate information about value given but not yet received, a system of money-mediated exchange wouldn't work. 


Again, the bitcoin ledger is decentralized because no one entity controls it.  It's also literally decentralized in the sense that the ledger is independently maintained and verified by all of the network's participants.


You can certainly think of the existence of multiple banks with their own ledgers as introducing *some* amount of decentralization, but each of those banks is itself a "central authority" that exercises control over those ledgers.  And more fundamentally, those banks exist within a central banking system that exercises tremendous power.


And yet here we are. :)


Sorry, but I think that's insane.  Almost ALL money exists today in "computerized" form because it is much more efficient than transacting with physical media. 


We moved from gold to gold-backed money because transacting in gold directly is inefficient.  We moved from gold-backed money to fiat because the backer defaulted.  


Not compared to the costs associated with the legacy financial system.  But the proof will ultimately be in the pudding.  If bitcoin transactions are "wasteful" compared to other less-energy-intensive systems, then bitcoin transactions will become more expensive and Bitcoin will lose out to those system (or Bitcoin's proof-of-work approach will be modified to take advantage of the improvement). 




I disagree. I think "financial privacy" is ultimately a requirement for censorship resistance which I see as a good thing.


Not inherently no, but in my view, our current political and monetary system is in serious need of disruption.
@_date: 2015-05-27 04:07:28
It's more that Bitcoin has the potential to be better money, but it has not yet become money. As such, its network effect / acceptability is still low which obviously makes it less convenient for everyday "currency" use. [Related](
@_date: 2014-05-04 20:34:28


I thought that was Bitcoin's job? :) But seriously, the qualifier "within the context of a working state" is not an insignificant one, in my view. States and the fiat currencies they establish have a well-established history of not lasting forever.
@_date: 2017-02-21 03:33:57


I think he's probably right. I also think the thing replacing "Bitcoin" will be ... Bitcoin.  It's important to understand that "Bitcoin" isn't *really* the current protocol that's used to update the Bitcoin ledger. It IS that ledger. The protocol can be, has been, and will continue to be improved when there's a sufficiently-compelling reason to do so -- like the emergence of a competitor with a demonstrably superior ledger-maintaining protocol. But scrapping ledgers and starting over every time a new protocol is invented would be madness. It would defeat the entire purpose of money which is to *preserve* a record of value given but not yet received. It'd be sort of like deleting all of your files every time you upgrade your operating system or buy a new computer.
@_date: 2014-04-06 14:03:42


i.e. when he was in third-grade.  i don't know about you guys, but I am not at all skeptical about the veracity of this story from "btcprinipalloss," who's been a valued member of our Reddit community for nearly 40 minutes. It certainly doesn't seem like an attempt to solicit sympathy tips from gullible bitcoiners.
@_date: 2014-07-25 18:49:07


Sure, but a sudden catastrophic loss of all of your purchasing power as a result of a bank run is only one kind of loss. What the last 90 years *has* seen is a steady erosion in the dollar's purchasing power. Although "steady" is not necessarily the best description since that time period has seen some dramatic "phase changes." (See, e.g., the 1934 Gold Reserve Act or the 1971 "Nixon shock".) 


But the point is that you *can't* actually secure your bank account. Ultimately you have to trust your individual bank as well as the central bank and government not to steal your purchasing power. And they've shown themselves repeatedly to be unworthy of that trust.
@_date: 2014-06-04 16:22:06
And now I know that when you invoke changetip in the same comment as a user's name, that's where the tip goes. :P Let's try that again for the op's benefit. 500 bits @_date: 2014-11-14 15:24:29
I get it. My point was that Bitcoin *doesn't* require a middleman to send payments and that fiat payment networks are primitive by comparison. 
@_date: 2014-08-08 11:13:28
Link was relevant to discussion and looked interesting so I don't see how that post could be considered trolling. 
@_date: 2014-07-12 08:58:10


Not sure I understand the significance of the change you're describing? But a percentage is a percentage, no? Seems like change might have been response to SEC request to denominate fees in USD?
@_date: 2014-04-23 15:37:00
Yeah, don't get me wrong if we could make the proof-of-work algorithm *more* useful by having it contribute to some other important computational task, that would be great. But I don't think it's that easy. As I understand it, "work" has to be difficult to solve but easy to verify, the difficulty of the problem has to be easy to adjust, and finally the problem has to be one that you can't start on before you have the previous solution. Now, maybe we could figure out a radically different proof-of-work algorithm that could be used to reliably achieve distributed consensus that wouldn't have all of those requirements, but I'm not aware of any such proposals.  
@_date: 2014-01-07 14:28:01
Here's my standard explanation:
The reason it's so hard for most people to understand Bitcoin is that most people don't really understand money. Money isn't wealth. It's an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. (The paradox of money is that while everyone wants it, no one actually wants it - they want the stuff they can buy with it!) Many people are put off by the fact that bitcoins are "just data." But that's what ALL money is, information! More precisely, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person's wants or needs).
To put it yet another way, money is a ledger. With fiat currencies like the dollar, that ledger is centralized. And that gives the central authority responsible for maintaining that ledger tremendous power, power that history has proven will inevitably be abused. With Bitcoin, the ledger is decentralized. And that means that no one individual or entity has the power to arbitrarily create new units (thereby causing inflation), freeze (or seize) your account, or block a particular payment from being processed. We've had decentralized money before. After all, no one can simply print new gold into existence. And the "ledger" of gold is distributed because the physical gold itself (the "accounting entries" in the metaphor) is distributed. But with gold, that decentralization comes at a heavy price (literally). The physical nature of gold makes it hugely inefficient from a transactional perspective.
Enter Bitcoin.
It is the first currency in the world that is both decentralized AND digital. It is more reliably scarce than gold, more transactionally efficient than "modern" digital banking, and enables greater financial privacy than cash. It could certainly still fail for one reason or another, but if it doesn't, it has the potential to be very, VERY disruptive.
@_date: 2015-05-11 00:20:04
Ok, but then why aren't there more (any?) vocal high-profile people arguing that we should scrap the cap immediately?
@_date: 2014-05-10 04:01:37
Yep.  Indeed, one of his very next statements is: "Everyone's talking about Bitcoin right now."
@_date: 2014-07-25 14:59:13
The *real* power of the people calling themselves "the state" doesn't come from their guns (although those certainly help). It comes from the widely-held superstitious belief in "authority" that gives rise to their perceived legitimacy.
@_date: 2017-02-24 05:51:34
I think he should probably be a little more precise.  Ultimately, the market decides what Bitcoin is. Of course, the chain that's endorsed by the market should eventually *become* the longest chain (because hash power ultimately follows price). At the same time, the market will *in most cases* follow the hash power majority because it's such a strong Schelling point. But not necessarily always.  For example, if you think that a hard-forking hash power majority is making a huge mistake, then it may make sense for you to continue to follow the "old" chain (i.e., the one using the "original" rule set) -- thereby forcing a split / market referendum. If your assessment is correct, then the market should value your chain more than the higher hash power chain. (And again, if that's the case your chain should quickly *become* the longest chain.) On the other hand, if you think a *soft-forking* hash power majority is making a huge mistake, you're in a more difficult spot because a soft fork essentially involves a 51% attack on anyone who tries to stay behind on the old rule set. Thus, those who don't want to be swept along with what they perceive as a dangerously-misguided soft fork face the somewhat daunting task of having to organize their own counter fork - daunting because the coordination cost is obviously much higher. (This is why I say that hard forks *facilitate* user and market choice whereas soft forks *undermine* user and market choice.)
@_date: 2017-02-27 03:15:40


Of course that applies to SegWit -- especially the block size limit increase aspect of it.




No, in order for your AD to be a problem you have to not use it (by setting it to some ridiculously high value) **and** you have to fail to monitor the network such that you fail to notice when network as a whole moves to larger blocks, forking you off the network.  Of course, if you're not paying enough attention to notice that you've been forked off the network, you're probably not actually relying on your node. But I'd certainly agree that it doesn't make sense to set your AD absurdly high (or, equivalently, run Core as your client).


If everyone agreed with the status quo and everyone agreed never to move from the status quo, that *would* certainly make prevailing block size limit pretty clear. But everyone *doesn't* agree with the status quo. And it's extremely unlikely that the 1-MB status quo will prevail forever because it would be far too crippling to Bitcoin's monetary properties. If the world's 7 billion people got in line to make a single on-chain transaction each (maybe they're trying to open a LN channel!), it would take a minimum of about **76 years(!)** to work our way through that queue at the current capacity limit of about 250,000 tx / day. So if you have visions of Bitcoin serving as the backbone for a new global financial system, 1 MB blocks aren't going to cut it.


Sorry I can't follow what point you're trying to make here. Do you disagree with my assertion that Bitcoin's stakeholders (i.e., miners and other investors) are the ones who ultimately determine Bitcoin's direction (and not one particular group of volunteer C++ programmers)? Prominent development teams can certainly *propose* Schelling points that the actual network participants *may* -- but are not guaranteed to -- converge on.
@_date: 2017-02-23 14:18:58


Well, Bitcoin is permissionless. And all are free to run whatever software they want so...


If you want to convince me of that, you're going to have to do more than simply asserting it. 


Again, I'm left looking for your argument. And if you want to make an argument by analogy with this Android stuff, I'd need you to flesh that out *substantially* before it's going to have any persuasive power (at least for me).


Well, I don't really want to turn this into a debate about SegWit. ("No sense beating a dead fork" as the saying goes.)  But are you really suggesting that the SWSF proposal was "simpler" than a tool that merely enables people to adjust the maximum size of the blocks they'll generate and accept without the need to recompile?!
@_date: 2015-05-10 15:51:16
Stockholm Syndrome absolutely plays a role. Really good talk by Michael Huemer about the psychology of authority [here](
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:31:49
I think you've got it backwards. The real question is why would you purchase bitcoin while *not* intending to hold it. To quote myself:


@_date: 2017-02-28 04:38:54


Sure, but non-SegWit transactions still become second-class citizens who are effectively punished for not using the new transaction format. And that (in addition to other reasons I previously outlined) is why I don't think it's accurate to describe SegWit as optional or something that users can safely ignore.


No, again, 51% attacks are a kind of soft fork. That doesn't imply that all soft forks are 51% attacks. (Just like "all ducks are birds" doesn't imply that "all birds are ducks.")


They do. Obviously an individual miner can decide to only mine empty blocks but in order to ensure that only empty blocks make it into the block chain, a malicious hash power majority would need to orphan all non-empty blocks via a malicious soft fork / 51% attack.


No, the defenses against a 51% attack of this kind (or any other) are those that I previously outlined.


That doesn't work if 51% attacker is not allowing transactions to ever get more than a certain number of confirmations before orphaning the chain and starting fresh.


Now you're talking about coordinating a counter fork...


Sure, but if only a minority of the hash power begins to apply a new rule, those enforcing the new rule will split the chain and fork themselves onto a minority branch (which defeats the entire supposed point of making changes via soft fork).


No, again, I've said that soft forks are probably fine for small, non-controversial changes where making the change as a soft fork doesn't introduce excessive additional complexity.


I wouldn't describe SegWit as a 51% attack, just an ill-considered proposal. 


Sure, although 51% of the hash power could simply begin orphaning any block that didn't signal for it to artificially achieve a 100% activation vote.
@_date: 2017-02-27 02:43:44


Hey, now. Those are my people you're talking about. :D
@_date: 2017-02-02 21:02:36
"Emergent consensus" isn't some new model. It's how Bitcoin has always worked.  It is inherent in Bitcoin's nature as a decentralized system with no "official" arbiter of what the "real" protocol is. Instead, everybody gets to decide for themselves what "the rules" are by choosing what software to run and which version of the ledger to value.  In other words, "validity" is always subjective. Of course, speaking from a more practical perspective, validity is probably better described as inherently "speculative" -- because of the overwhelming importance of the network effect when it comes to money.  Your incentive as a rational economic actor is to accept as valid the ledger version / protocol rules that you anticipate that *others* will accept as valid.  The 1-MB "block size limit" is just a Schelling point.  That Schelling point is being bolstered by the fact that it's the status quo (always a strong Schelling point), by the fact that it's "hard coded" in the still-dominant implementation, and by the fact that there is a large amount of (imho, extremely misguided) fear surrounding the supposed "danger" of "contentious hard forks." BU doesn't really "do" anything.  It doesn't give miners or node operators any new power they didn't already possess; it merely makes it easier for them to actually exercise that power by removing a trivial "inconvenience barrier" (i.e., the need to modify the source code and recompile). Its real significance is, if anything, psychological in that it helps to tear down the social illusion that "the devs" (i.e., one particular group of volunteer C++ programmers) should be dictating controversial economic parameters to the actual stakeholders (or even heavily influencing the setting of those parameters).


I can see why someone would get that impression from the current stalemate.  But I'm actually pretty cautiously optimistic that Bitcoin's basic system of "market governance" will be successful over longer time scales.  Here's how I usually describe the operation of that system:
Bitcoin's security model is generally understood to be premised on the assumption that a majority of the hash power is "honest." (From the whitepaper: "we proposed a peer-to-peer network using proof-of-work to record a public history of transactions that quickly becomes computationally impractical for an attacker to change **if honest nodes control a majority of CPU power.**") More generally, it's premised on the assumption that a majority of the hash power will recognize their interest in preserving the health of the system.  (From the whitepaper: "**They vote with their CPU power**, expressing their acceptance of valid blocks by working on extending them and rejecting invalid blocks by refusing to work on them.  **Any needed rules and incentives can be enforced with this consensus mechanism.**") Of course *ultimately* we rely on investors / "the market" to protect the integrity of the system. (Miners are *one type* of investor and they act as a first-line proxy for all investors as a class.) If a majority of miners act improvidently in a way that significantly depresses the value of the Bitcoin network, investors can respond by buying up hash power (at now-artificially-depressed prices) and righting the ship that way, or by choosing to value a fork (if necessary, a PoW-changing fork) that avoids the errors made by the foolish miners. 
edit: a word
@_date: 2017-02-23 12:23:33
I'm the author of the quoted text and that comment was actually written pretty much as a direct response to those articles you've linked to. I find them entirely unconvincing. As I said at the time:


Also see my response to Coyotito below and recent convo with jonny1000 regarding this "automatic machine consensus" versus "human consensus" argument.
@_date: 2015-05-27 04:18:34
Bitcoin can obviously scale *somewhat*. How much and how fast it scales will determine how affordable trustless on-blockchain transactions will be as usage grows. In contrast, with fiat, trustless transactions aren't even possible. In other words, it doesn't make sense to compare Bitcoin's on-blockchain transactional capacity with the transactional capacity of, for example, the VISA network. You can build a credit / banking / IOU layer on top of Bitcoin -- just as we have with fiat. The difference is that with fiat, it's IOUs all the way down; there's no trustless, reliably-scarce monetary base at the bottom. (Having said that, it would obviously be ideal if Bitcoin scales really well such that people can make all or most of their transactions trustlessly.)
@_date: 2014-12-07 13:41:56
Holy shit, people. This is now on the front page? Is this real life? Am I taking crazy pills. WTF?
* posting from a throwaway account (yeah, yeah, quasi-plausible justification but that should still always at least raise your suspicion)
* teacherthrowaway**83** a day after [kylesdad**72**]( -- obviously just a coincidence
* claims to be "pretty new to bitcoin" while talking in over-the-top positive terms about it ("wonders" / "greatness")
* "I've had so many students coming up to me demanding to be taught about BTC" -- oh yeah, that rings true.
* follows the now-familiar template of kids excited about Bitcoin vs. ignorant, Bitcoin-skeptic adult authority figures
* reactions from skeptics sound made-up as hell ("I brought up the idea to my department chair, but she told me that the whole thing seemed useless and could present legal issues for the school. Other teachers said similar things.) -- (BTW, how many high schools have an "econ department chair"? Mine sure as hell didn't.)
* obvious attempt to fish for tips -- he wants to set up wallets for the other teachers to win over the skeptics but "as a teacher I don't really have the expendable income to get much more coin, so I'm not sure how feasible this would be" (Because obviously, bitcoins aren't divisible, and so he couldn't just give them 50 cents worth to show them how it works.)
Not. Subtle. At. All.  
@_date: 2015-05-22 17:37:35


Well, he *is* the creator so quoting him in that respect seems pretty unobjectionable. I'd say that also makes him something of an authority on the subject of Bitcoin and its goals, as well as a pretty credible advisor. I can't speak to the man's sexual health, but you're the only one talking about that...
@_date: 2014-06-29 18:27:37
That was the issue. Thanks! 1,000 bits
@_date: 2014-05-08 12:05:51
Here's my standard comment on deflation. See what you think.
The fixed-supply (deflationary) nature of Bitcoin is a feature, not a bug. Yes, deflation makes saving (deferring consumption) relatively more attractive than immediate consumption. But that's not a bad thing, and it's only half of the story. It also makes acquiring money more attractive. And how does one acquire money (assuming they're not a central bank and can't just create it out of thin air)? By receiving it in exchange for providing valuable goods and services. The easiest way to see that deflation is in fact beneficial is to recognize that **saving money is really just a form of lending.** Money isn’t wealth. It’s an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. In other words, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person’s wants or needs -- you can't eat 100-dollar bills, after all). Thus, when you save money, you are essentially holding an IOU. Imagine that you have enough money to buy a car today but hold off buying the car for a year. In that scenario, that car (or the resources that would have gone into making it) is still available to be immediately used by someone else. You have effectively loaned it to them. And that’s why savers are rewarded with increased purchasing power in an economy that uses sound money. In that kind of economy, **deflation is simply the market-determined interest rate for an extremely low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time** (by spending the money).
@_date: 2014-02-05 00:43:18
@_date: 2017-02-23 17:04:07


Well, that's a nice sentiment, but so is "no child left behind." It doesn't mean anything. Obviously some orphaned blocks are inevitable.  And the decentralized, speculative and inherently-fluid nature of Bitcoin's "protocol" means that sometimes some people will make mistakes and lose money. But I'd certainly anticipate that shifts in the Schelling point defining the block size limit will be fairly well coordinated such that a reasonably attentive miner should, at least 99% of the time, be able to avoid fund loss resulting from mining or extending a block that's out of step with current consensus on block size.


It is. But development resources aren't unlimited. Having said that, I certainly don't think the BU devs would object to anyone who's so inclined forking their client and adding a SegWit-compatible patch.  
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:38:28
Well, as always, the first step is to agree on your definitions. Borrowing heavily here from an old comment of mine.  When I google "define fiat currency" here are the first five results.
From wikipedia:


From investopedia:


From businessdictionary.com:


From thefreedictionary.com:


From dictionary.com:


Each of those definitions includes the idea of government, but they don't all include the idea of a lack of "intrinsic value."  ("Intrinsic value" is sort of a nonsensical term because all value is subjective, so it's probably more useful to think in terms of "non-exchange value". In other words, when someone claims that something has "intrinsic value," generally what they really mean is that some of the demand for that item is from people who want to use it for some non-exchange / non-monetary purpose.)  I suppose you *could* define "fiat currency" as currency that has no "intrinsic value," (i.e., currency that has no non-monetary usefulness, without reference to whether or not that currency has any kind of official government status).  And maybe that's how many people (including some self-described "economists") DO use the term.  But clearly there are a large number of people who use and understand the term "fiat" to refer to money that derives its value solely from government decree.  Which definition is "right"? Both. Neither. Language belongs to its users.  (But I'd note that based on the above admittedly-extremely-preliminary research, my definition does appear to be the more widely used one.) What's more interesting to me is the fact that this distinction has probably never been that important.  My guess is that there are very few / no examples of a market adopting an "intrinsically-worthless" currency in the absence of government coercion. 
Another reason that I personally don't consider bitcoin to be "fiat" money is because it has much more in common with commodity money.  A bitcoin's value, assuming competing suppliers, is equal to its marginal cost of production -- something that is also true for commodities.  And it's for that reason that some have called it "quasi-commodity money."
@_date: 2014-12-25 20:10:03
You really think that the people who follow Bitcoin so obsessively that they're posting about it in on Christmas day understand it better than an 84-year-old man who's admitted he doesn't understand it? I'm not convinced.
@_date: 2017-02-23 12:01:17


AD is an optional tool that allows you to make sure that even if you're not paying attention, you'll ultimately, automatically, follow majority chain. That seems pretty handy to me, but if people don't want to use it they can simply set their AD to an (effectively) infinite value. If people want to coordinate changes to their EB settings around a "flag day," I don't see how BU precludes that.


It's obviously a judgment call. But it doesn't seem like there currently is such a proposal with widespread traction. So my guess is initial fork will involve simple coordinated bump to something like 2MB. But if for example, pool operators / miners representing significant chunk of hash power reached out to BU devs and said "hey, going forward we want to follow specific proposal X vis-a-vis block size limit," my guess is the devs would be responsive. Re: SegWit, I don't think there actually is much traction at least coming from BU's current users and future likely users. I'm certainly not a fan. So I think it's reasonable for devs not to spend time and development resources required to add support for it. I think their view is we need larger blocks now, and we can figure out best way forward vis-a-vis malleability fix, etc. after that.  If BU devs were getting message from lots of major pools / miners: "hey, I'll switch but only when you add SegWit support," I imagine they'd be responsive to that.
@_date: 2017-02-04 07:35:43


Splitting doesn't *generally* make sense. But that doesn't mean it's always undesirable. There are certainly costs associated with a split (some loss of network effect, possible ecosystem confusion). But there are also benefits (more people get to satisfy their preferences with respect to protocol, ability to experiment with multiple directions to determine best one).  So if an (economically-significant, persistent / semi-persistent) split occurs, I view that as strong evidence that the benefits of a split outweigh the costs.  *Long-term*, I think one chain will likely dominate over the other (if not kill it off entirely), but a split seems like a pretty healthy mechanism for the market to express itself and experiment to determine the best direction. 
You can think of Bitcoin as a herd of animals where all individuals in the group are free to go in any direction they want -- but where the overwhelming importance of the network effect usually means that it makes sense to stay with the herd (even if they're not traveling in your preferred direction).  But there may be situations where you're convinced that the economic majority is not merely heading in a direction that's suboptimal -- but is actually heading over a proverbial cliff. In those cases, you should obviously not follow the majority -- whether that means not following a majority "hard fork" or participating in a minority fork if it's the current direction that leads toward doom. Obviously the benefits of being part of a larger group are not worth "dying" over. And that's exactly why chain splits are so healthy (in certain circumstances). If there are at least some members of "the herd" who don't follow the majority over a cliff, Bitcoin as a species survives. And not only does it survive, it enjoys this evolutionary, survival-of-the-fittest benefit where the people who prove themselves best at identifying the successful path gain increased influence over future decisions regarding direction (i.e., by selling off their stake in the doomed chain for a larger stake in the successful chain). The herd loses some members and is thus temporarily more vulnerable, but from a longer-term perspective, it has grown stronger as a result of natural selection.  That's the anti-fragile nature of Bitcoin: things that cause short-term harm produce long-term strength. Also, it should be noted that if you're not sure which chain is going to survive, you can simply sit tight and preserve an equal balance on both chains until the situation is resolved.


If we could trust people to act "morally" when it came to managing a money, we could stick with fiat. But the good news is that I don't think it generally makes sense to spend resources attacking a minority chain that wants to go their own way. The network effect is a beast when it comes to money. If you're convinced one group is making a mistake (which will almost always be the minority chain), simply sell off your stake in that chain for a larger stake in the chain you predict will be more successful.


A split is always ultimately caused by the willingness of some individuals to either *begin* enforcing, or *continue* enforcing, a "validity" rule **even when doing so means following a minority hash power chain**.  If you want to want to prevent a split, it's probably more realistic to encourage people to follow the decision of the majority -- as opposed to trying to convince the majority to grant veto rights to a minority. But again, I don't think worrying about "splits" is really necessary.  The powerful built-in incentives take care of things.
@_date: 2014-06-23 15:44:07
You don't need to do anything to "encourage" spending. People are "encouraged" to spend money since that is literally all it's good for -- facilitating the exchange of real value, i.e. goods and services that can be used to directly satisfy a person's wants and needs. (Note that you can't eat a hundred dollar bill.) So it's not a question of spending vs. not spending. It's always a question of how do you choose to allocate your consumption across time -- how much to spend today vs. tomorrow vs. next year. A sound money that tends to increase in value over time is simply communicating a basic reality: there is an opportunity cost associated with present consumption. Resources that are used to satisfy consumption today can't also be used to expand productive capacity to enable even greater consumption tomorrow.
@_date: 2014-12-03 17:55:41


Very, very true. I find the notion that money shouldn't be scarce baffling. Scarcity of real resources is *the* fundamental economic problem. The entire purpose of money is to facilitate the exchange and efficient utilization of scarce resources by communicating information about that scarcity. Suggesting that we need to permit a central authority to arbitrarily conjure new units of money into existence so that the supply of money can grow in tandem with the growth of the real economy (but always, apparently, just a few percentage points faster) is like saying that you need to continually increase the number of inches in a foot as your child grows in order to measure his height. 
@_date: 2015-05-30 08:31:05


Really? That's not at all the message I take away from their ["Mission and Vision"]( statement:
"The Drug Policy Alliance envisions a just society in which the use and regulation of drugs are grounded in science, compassion, health and human rights, in which **people are no longer punished for what they put into their own bodies** but only for crimes committed against others, and in which the fears, prejudices and **punitive prohibitions of today are no more**.
Our mission is to advance those policies and attitudes that best reduce the harms of both drug use and drug prohibition, and to **promote the sovereignty of individuals over their minds and bodies**."


Well, no. They identify certain risks associated with the use of those two drugs.  And yes, you can overdose on heroin -- just as you can fatally overdose on alcohol.  [According to the CDC,]( "There are more than 2,200 alcohol poisoning deaths in the U.S. each year – an average of 6 alcohol poisoning deaths every day."  And yes, prolonged heavy use of methamphetamine can cause serious health problems -- just as prolonged heavy use of alcohol can. Again, [according to the CDC]( "Excessive alcohol use led to approximately 88,000 deaths and 2.5 million years of potential life lost (YPLL) each year in the United States from 2006 – 2010, shortening the lives of those who died by an average of 30 years. Further, excessive drinking was responsible for 1 in 10 deaths among working-age adults aged 20-64 years."  Specific long-term health problems associated with alcohol abuse include high blood pressure, heart disease, stroke, liver disease, and digestive problems, cancer of the breast, mouth, throat, esophagus, liver, and colon, learning and memory problems, including dementia, mental health problems, including depression and anxiety, etc., etc.
Do those incredibly serious risks mean that alcohol is "terrible"?  More importantly, do they justify the criminal prohibition of alcohol?  No.  We tried that in the 1920s.  And that experience should have taught us that using violence to address what is really a medical and health issue (as well as a matter of personal choice) is a bizarre category error that is not merely ineffective but counterproductive (and barbaric). I believe that prohibition violates an individual's fundamental right to exercise sovereignty over his own body and consciousness. Prohibition doesn't eliminate the very real problems associated with drug abuse and addiction. It amplifies them while creating a whole slew of new prohibition-related problems, e.g., making the drugs themselves more dangerous by making potency and purity less reliable (see ["bathtub gin"]( and the ["iron law of prohibition"]( empowering and enriching organized crime, fueling black market violence, promoting official corruption, turning millions of ordinary Americans into "criminals," diverting scarce law enforcement resources away from solving real crimes, eroding civil liberties, and driving a huge wedge between police and the communities they're supposed to "serve and protect."
Are drugs like meth, heroin, and alcohol "dangerous," i.e. is their use associated with certain risks? Absolutely. Is that a good reason to make a personal decision not to use them? Sure (assuming you conclude that the benefits of use don't outweigh the risks). Is it a good reason to violently terrorize people who do choose to use them, presumably after making a different risk-benefit determination? No.
@_date: 2014-08-25 15:31:31
A point that I think is really critical to understanding anarchism (or at least to understanding my own views on the subject) is that it's not really a proposal for an alternative system. It's a framework for viewing the world as it is. It's a rejection of the superstition of "authority," the belief that some men--whether because of birthright, "divine will," or as a result of rituals like "voting"--have a "right to rule" over others (and thus do things that we would ordinarily reject as immoral like theft, kidnapping, or murder). 
And so when I hear people asking about what an "anarchistic system" would look like, my first response is that we're already living in one. So I think the real question is what would the world look like if a large majority of people (rather than the current relatively small group) rejected the superstition of authority? Well, it's of course hard to say for sure. You'd almost certainly still have organizations that, in many respects, looked similar to "governments," but presumably they'd operate in a more voluntary, peaceful manner (because their aggression would no longer be accepted as "legitimate"). But the more important point is that anarchism doesn't profess to be "the answer" to every question about how to organize society, or to promise some kind of utopia. Instead, anarchism simply recognizes that the current widespread myth of "government" is not the answer.
@_date: 2017-02-25 06:56:30


Well, if they're a miner they'd better understand their power. An individual miner who doesn't understand is liable to make expensive mistakes. And since mining is a pretty competitive industry, miners who make too many such mistakes are liable to end up out of business -- which is a good thing, we don't want clueless, inattentive miners acting as the stewards of the Bitcoin network.  Similarly, if miners as a group are clueless and do a poor job in their stewardship role, we should hope / expect that the market will eventually put them out of business.
As far as non-mining nodes go, anyone who is running their own node and relying on it probably shouldn't be too clueless. But these guys don't have to be quite as on the ball.  So long as they're using a reasonable, finite AD value they'll be fine and ultimately track majority chain.


Huh? If memory serves, a single &gt; 1-MB block was mined and quickly orphaned. I'm not sure that any hash power attempted to extend it. I'm 90% sure even Bitcoin.com mining pool that generated it rejected it as excessive because they were using setting of EB=1MB. Non-mining nodes with EB settings greater than 1MB obviously would have briefly tracked the doomed block as the chain tip, but only until it was orphaned.  


I don't see how.


Any guarantee you have in mind is illusory as it requires you to pretend that everyone has to run exact same software. They don't.


That's possible but again, I'd anticipate that planned increase will be very well-coordinated and publicized in advance with ample lead time.  But if a miner is asleep at the wheel when a change in Schelling point defining block size limit occurs, that's on them. You shouldn't sleep and drive and again, we don't want careless, inattentive miners acting as stewards of the network. One of the nice things about BU is that it provides, via its AD logic, a kind of "automatic collision avoidance system." If you are asleep at the wheel when shift occurs, using a reasonable, finite value for AD will at least limit your exposure.  On the other hand, if you're asleep at the wheel when shift occurs and running Core, well call the meat wagon.


Sorry, I'm not sure what you're referring to there when you say "off-chain consensus mechanism"?
@_date: 2014-07-12 08:40:47
I'm not a securities lawyer, but it doesn't look like the fact that bitcoin might be deemed a "commodity" means that the bitcoin ETF would be a "commodity pool." Gold is obviously a commodity, but the [prospectus for the SPDR Gold ETF]( has language stating that it's not a commodity pool for purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act and reserving the right to terminate if it's determined to be one. 


@_date: 2014-04-23 15:20:00
Yeah, much better to stick with fiat which uses a "debtchain" that's protected by an innovative proof-of-violence system. 
@_date: 2017-02-23 15:39:58


Well, I wouldn't worry too much about that. I'm pretty particular about who I let ride in my car. 


No, I wouldn't mistake their failure to upgrade for gross inattention. I think you'll see them perk up and react *pretty* quickly when the "caravan" they're traveling in begins to head in a new direction.  Of course if they don't, well, that lack of attention will prove to be very costly to them. And mining is a pretty competitive industry, so miners who make too many such mistakes will likely find it hard to stay in business long.  But that's the ruthless efficiency of the market in action. We don't *want* miners who are poor, inattentive stewards of the network to prosper.
@_date: 2014-09-07 23:16:03
No, I don't see how that follows from my comment. What I think you could understand from it, reading between the lines, is that uptime is not the only or even the most important metric for evaluating the quality of a currency.
Another point that I didn't make is that it's kind of silly to compare the uptime of a digital currency to the "uptime" of a system based on physical media. A more meaningful comparison would be to compare the uptime of the bitcoin network with the uptime of various digital fiat payment networks (visa, paypal, etc.). 
@_date: 2017-02-24 04:18:31


I should have chosen my words more carefully. That's not "all" SegWit does because it doesn't even actually do that.  It doesn't swap 4-MB in for 1-MB.  The 1-MB "block size limit" is replaced with a "block weight" limit (4M if I remember correctly) and a formula for calculating this block weight that gives "witness data" a 75% discount vis-a-vis "non-witness" data.


Thanks, but I've already read the promotional brochure, and I'm still going to pass. (For what it's worth, I did think the logo was cute.)


I don't know, man. I just see one dead duck.


Ha, you've drawn me into the stupid semantic debate I said at the outset I wasn't interested in rehashing. But no, whether or not it "is" a blocksize increase depends on what you mean by "block." Does it count as an increase in the block size if you've made a fundamental change to the block data structure? After all, if you show the witness portion of one of these "2.1-MB" SegWit blocks to a non-upgraded node and say, "hey, look at that, we increased the block size limit to allow blocks larger than 1 MB," they go Westworld on you -- "that doesn't look like anything to me."


Yep, and Bitcoin Classic's original proposal for a 2.0 MB blocks was also for what I'd consider to be an extremely modest increase.


Sorry, no. It replaces one arbitrary magic number with two arbitrary magic numbers.


Huh? I'm saying that right now most people use "Bitcoin" to refer to the economically-dominant version of the Bitcoin ledger (of course, right now there's only one version of any real economic significance). And I'm saying that I *don't* anticipate that changing any time soon.
@_date: 2017-02-23 11:27:22
Borrowing here from some recent comments of mine:
The genius of Unlimited is that it avoided the trap of presenting one developer's (or group of developers) central plan for future scaling.  I think XT was rejected in part because its proposed plan was perceived as too ambitious.  ("Geez, 8 GB blocks in 2036? Will the network really be able to handle that?") I think Classic's original plan was rejected because it was too conservative. ("What's the point of taking the risk of 'switching development teams' for a one-time can kick when we'll face this same issue again in six months or a year?") Unlimited doesn't tell the network's actual stakeholders how or when to increase the block size limit (and in fact, 100% of the network *could* theoretically run BU without *ever* increasing the 1-MB limit -- they could even use BU to *decrease* the limit).  Instead BU just "gets the devs out of the way" of the actual stakeholders, thereby removing friction from actually coming to some kind of consensus among miners and node operators (and allowing them to readily adjust that consensus as warranted by changed conditions). 
Also consider that BU isn't incompatible with a BIP100-like specific proposal. Again:


And I'm sure if one such proposal began to gain significant traction, BU developers would be happy to add it as an option within the BU client itself -- so that people who want to use it don't have to futz around with a script.
@_date: 2017-02-28 02:51:35


Oh no, I'm familiar with the arguments that attempt to justify replacing one arbitrary magic number with two arbitrary magic numbers. I just don't buy them.


Sorry but that just seems like a silly argument. Satoshi mentions that the code can be very easily upgraded to increase block size limit with a two-line patch, and your response is that "well, but he didn't say that that could be done more than once!"  


Again, BU just provides a set of tools. Network participants can certainly choose to coordinate changes to their EB and MG settings around a particular block height.


No, there's just no problem with non-mining nodes going first and increasing their EB limit ahead of miners.  (The situation is the mirror image of a soft fork where hash power can upgrade first and non-mining nodes can follow.) By increasing your EB all you're saying is that you will immediately follow longest chain that contains blocks no larger than your EB setting. What risk does this create? That you'll briefly track a doomed chain until it's orphaned in rare scenario where miner mines a block that's out of step with current consensus on block size?


I imagine that stakeholders WILL set a clear transition once they've achieved critical mass of hash power.


Sure, we *could* create a system where 99% of the world only ever uses Bitcoin-backed IOUs issued by trusted central authorities, with only a tiny fraction of the world's wealthiest having any hope of holding their wealth on the actual block chain.  But ... that would largely defeat Bitcoin's purpose and introduce huge systemic risk.  
@_date: 2017-02-23 15:25:44


SegWit as a Soft Fork


We'll have to agree to disagree.


This whole "go make an altcoin" thing is pretty silly. It's silly when "my side" does it: "hey, if you small-blockers want to create a high-friction settlement coin, go make an altcoin. And leave Bitcoin to those of us who want to stay true to Satoshi's vision of a  peer-to-peer electronic cash system."  And it's silly when your side does it. We're all acting in our perceived self-interest which is why we're fighting over Bitcoin's network effect.  Of course anyone can start a new alt-ledger any time they want or do a minority spinoff of the existing Bitcoin ledger. But the network effect is a beast. Starting a brand new alt-ledger is an unlikely and counterproductive path to victory (see [here]( -- as is creating a minority spinoff of Bitcoin's ledger (the "fork now, gain market share later" path).  
@_date: 2014-06-15 17:37:58
Clicked on the pic hoping to see a very nice sunset.  Sunset was average at best. Goxed again.
@_date: 2015-05-14 02:01:02
@_date: 2017-02-24 20:09:59


Not an argument.


That's just wrong. People certainly don't agree to any imaginable soft fork.  Consider that a "51% attack" is really just another name for a malicious soft fork.  What are all of the bad things that a malicious entity with a majority of the hash power can do? Well, they can facilitate double spends. But that's simply a soft fork that begins to enforce the following rule: "*actually* transaction B came before transaction A." They can freeze out other miners, i.e., new rule: "only the blocks that I mine are valid." They can blacklist addresses, i.e., new rule: "tx's from the following addresses are invalid." They can even shut down transaction processing entirely(!), i.e. new rule: "in order to be valid, a block must be completely empty."  
In contrast, if a majority of the hash power begins to do something obviously malicious via a hard fork (e.g., mint blocks with 1,000,000 BTC coinbase rewards), the rest of the network can simply ignore them.


Not an argument.


Sorry, I can't understand claim you're making here.  As explained more fully above, you can simply choose to ignore a malicious or dangerously-misguided hard fork, but a malicious soft fork requires coordinated, affirmative action in order to route around.


Not an argument.
@_date: 2014-10-24 14:04:08
Bitcoin can be made *extremely* secure against theft or loss if you know what you're doing. But that's a big 'if'. So the question isn't really how can you trust Bitcoin; it's how can you trust yourself? By making yourself knowledgable. My advice would be to buy $20 worth and then spend some time experimenting with different wallets, moving money between them, making small purchases, creating paper wallets and restoring them, etc. And also *reading*. There are lots of guides with detailed instructions for doing secure offline storage, and plenty of people on this sub and who are happy to help with specific questions. But also spend some time reading about the technology itself and why people are excited about it. If, after you've done all that, you still want to make an "investment"-level purchase, you'll feel a lot more comfortable doing so. 1 internet
@_date: 2014-09-06 14:37:58
Honestly, I see whatever Apple does in the payments space as largely irrelevant to whether or not Bitcoin will succeed. Bitcoin's real value proposition is not as a payment network that's superior to fiat payment networks. Bitcoin *does* have certain advantages in that regard, primarily censorship-resistance and the ability to do irreversible transfers. (Whether or not on-blockchain transactions will continue to have "low fees" as the network grows and the block reward shrinks is an open question. And the ability to facilitate "mobile payments" is nothing particularly special.) But where Bitcoin *really* shines is in the way it combines the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold (the "store-of-value" aspect of money) with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium (the "medium-of-exchange" aspect of money). And so the real comparison is how does bitcoin's payment network compare to the "payment network" for *gold* (i.e. the process of passing around physical pieces of metal)? And the answer is pretty damn well.
@_date: 2017-02-23 16:53:00
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. You might think it's an advantage that inattentive members of "the herd" don't get lost / separated from the group -- but they do cease to be fully validating nodes.  And soft forks don't just sweep along the inattentive.  They also sweep along the disgruntled.  Soft forks undermine user and market choice by increasing the coordination cost required for a disgruntled minority to resist a controversial or malicious change.  (Consider that all the things we think of as "51% attacks" are really just malicious soft forks.) And the other big problem with soft forks is that most soft forks aren't "natural" soft forks where the functional nature of the change actually lends itself to implementation via a soft fork because what you're "really" trying to do is further limit the universe of what's allowed. (A block size limit decrease is an example of a natural soft fork.) And so if you take a change that isn't naturally a soft fork and force it into a soft fork container, that requires you to introduce additional (and inherently-dangerous) complexity.  
@_date: 2017-02-09 17:18:01


Or rather to help users wake up to the fact that they've always been in control by providing them with a tool that makes it more convenient for them to actually exercise that control. The true "insanity" is the fact that so many people seem to still not understand this.
@_date: 2014-10-23 15:16:14
Here's my usual take on drugs and violence:
The way I see it, there are three ways that drugs can be associated with violence: (1) black-market violence; (2) acquisitive-crime violence to feed an addiction; and (3) under-the-influence violence (i.e., the psychoactive effects of a particular drug increase an individual’s propensity for violence). With respect to category 3 violence, alcohol is BY FAR the worst offender. Drug prohibition CREATES category 1 violence and exacerbates category 2 and 3 violence by, respectively, making a person’s addiction more expensive and encouraging people who want to “get high” to use legal booze to get there. It is a moronic and disastrous policy.
Edit: it occurs to me that I need to add a fourth category -- direct state violence resulting from the state's attempts to enforce prohibition (e.g., sending men with guns to arrest and cage people for "crimes" such as unlawful plant possession). Obviously, the violence in this category is also created by prohibition.
@_date: 2014-06-09 18:14:33
True, but the fact that fiat is such a crappy store of value means that people are artificially incentivized to use things like real estate, stocks, and precious metals as stores of value. That could change with the widespread adoption of a sound money like bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-05-13 20:50:29


Nicely said. That perfectly captures my own thinking on the subject of mandatory vaccination (and pretty much all other "there oughta be a law" claims).  1 beer private
@_date: 2017-02-24 03:49:13


Again, BU is the exact same situation we have now.  


Miners don't have unilateral control over protocol because they ultimately have to mine blocks that are accepted and valued by investors.  And again, BU isn't incompatible with a specific BIP100-style proposal if that's the Schelling point that network participants should happen to converge on.


Well, it's a pretty important concept in Bitcoin's governance.  From the wikipedia entry:


Bitcoin is a decentralized system with no central authority to act as the "official" arbiter of what the "real" protocol is.  Instead everyone gets to decide for themselves what the rules are by choosing what software to run and which version of the ledger to value (although as a practical matter, the incentives toward convergence are extremely powerful). So what we think of as "the Bitcoin protocol" is just a Schelling point. There are too many economic participants for them all to explicitly communicate and agree on what the protocol is or how it should evolve. And even when people do communicate, you can't necessarily trust people's representations about what code they're running or will run. 


Nothing wrong with a peaceful separation. People don't have to agree. With the ETH / ETC split you had two competing Schelling points that both proved strong enough to survive: (1) the chain representing the majority hash power (ETH) and (2) the chain representing ledger immutability / "code as law" / ETH's supposed original value proposition.  Also consider that the ETH / ETC split was the result of a fundamentally-irreconcilable (and non-deferrable) dispute regarding the ledger’s integrity as opposed to a potentially-resolvable dispute regarding a particular protocol feature (e.g., bigger blocks) that could always be added later. 
And more importantly, splits aren't inherently bad! Borrowing here from a previous comment of mine:
It's true that splitting doesn't *generally* make sense. But that doesn't mean it's always undesirable. There are certainly costs associated with a split (some loss of network effect, possible ecosystem confusion). But there are also benefits (more people get to satisfy their preferences with respect to protocol, ability to experiment with multiple directions to determine best one). So if an (economically-significant, persistent / semi-persistent) split occurs, I view that as strong evidence that the benefits of a split outweigh the costs. Long-term, I think one chain will likely dominate over the other (if not kill it off entirely), but a split seems like a pretty healthy mechanism for the market to express itself and experiment to determine the best direction.
You can think of Bitcoin as a herd of animals where all individuals in the group are free to go in any direction they want -- but where the overwhelming importance of the network effect usually means that it makes sense to stay with the herd (even if they're not traveling in your preferred direction). But there may be situations where you're convinced that the economic majority is not merely heading in a direction that's suboptimal -- but is actually heading over a proverbial cliff. In those cases, you should obviously not follow the majority -- whether that means not following a majority "hard fork" or participating in a minority fork if it's the current direction that leads toward doom. Obviously the benefits of being part of a larger group are not worth "dying" over. And that's exactly why chain splits are so healthy (in certain circumstances). If there are at least some members of "the herd" who don't follow the majority over a cliff, Bitcoin as a species survives. And not only does it survive, it enjoys this evolutionary, survival-of-the-fittest benefit where the people who prove themselves best at identifying the successful path gain increased influence over future decisions regarding direction (by selling off their stake in the doomed chain for a larger stake in the successful chain). The herd loses some members and may thus be temporarily more vulnerable, but from a longer-term perspective, it has grown stronger as a result of natural selection. That's the anti-fragile nature of Bitcoin: things that cause short-term harm produce long-term strength. Also, it should be noted that if you're not sure which chain is going to survive, you can simply sit tight and preserve an equal balance on both chains until the situation is resolved.


Are you talking about the single orphaned block that resulted from a bug unrelated to BU's basic functionality? If so, "disaster" seems a tad strong, don't you think?


It's based on the fact that miners face extremely strong incentives not to mine blocks that will be orphaned as out of step with current consensus.  And I don't see a problem with "activating" with 75% hash rate. To  me, the chain with higher hash rate and greater utility (as a result of its unhobbled transactional capacity) is going to be a much stronger value proposition than a 1-MB minority hash power chain. And again, if the minority chain "survives" and retains some economic relevance because some people choose to continue valuing it, I don't see that as some awful failure that we need to be terrified of. That's people's choice.  Just like it's the choice of the majority to fork rather than allowing themselves to be held hostage by a minority.  
@_date: 2015-05-10 16:52:43
Exactly. The point is that the people calling themselves "governments" (more specifically, the ones getting away with it) are not inherently distinguishable, in a moral or normative sense, from any other large criminal gang. They've just perhaps reached a different threshold of power in terms of their practical ability to rob and coerce others. But a huge amount of that power is based on the widespread and, in my view, mistaken belief in their "legitimacy" and "authority."
@_date: 2014-06-26 17:08:25


It doesn't look like he did. Title is misleading.


@_date: 2017-02-23 15:02:39


Well again I think that depends on your definition of "automatic." Obviously some aspects of driving are automated (e.g., maintaining speed via cruise control) and self-driving cars already exist although this isn't an area I've followed very closely and I'm not sure of their legal status (e.g., if everywhere still requires an operator in driver seat ready to take control if needed).


What I'm describing is how every adult driver who didn't get their license in the last six months actually drives. Or do you not listen to radio or think about anything other than driving while operating a car? But you're right that failing to pay attention when driving (e.g., taking your eyes off the road) can be dangerous. Sort of like how it would be dangerous to invest millions in a Bitcoin mining operation and then let your machines run on "autopilot" without regularly monitoring the status of the network and whether or not a shift in the Schelling points defining the "current protocol" has occurred or seems imminent.
 &gt;How this applies to Bitcoin...I do not know.
I've given you some hints. If you keep at it, I have a feeling you'll be able to figure it out. :P
@_date: 2015-05-30 09:09:41


They're obviously not perfect analogs, but there are clear similarities. They're both internet technologies that made it easier for people to circumvent government prohibitions, the prohibition on reproducing copyrighted material in the case of Napster and the prohibition on the possession and sale of certain substances in the case of the Silk Road.


I don't think so. There was definitely a time when the drug war's repeated glaring failure to achieve its goals was met with a doubling down by politicians ("we'll just prohibit more harder!"), but I think those days are behind us. More and more people are recognizing the drug war for the insane human-rights violating clusterfuck that is.
@_date: 2014-04-28 00:16:01
How sure of that statement are you?
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:27:33


No kidding. Bitcoin isn't revolutionary because it's digital. Nor is it revolutionary because it's decentralized. It's revolutionary because it's BOTH digital AND decentralized. It combines (and surpasses) the transactional efficiency benefits of conventional digital money with the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold.
I often see complaints that people tend to focus too much on the price / speculative commodity aspect of Bitcoin the currency unit while ignoring Bitcoin the payment network. That's a fair criticism, but it's also a mistake to evaluate Bitcoin's potential solely as a payment network and ignore its store-of-value potential as a new kind of scarce digital commodity.
@_date: 2014-01-08 21:15:16
That IS sneaky. +flip verify
@_date: 2014-07-23 18:54:34
And that price inflation is only the most visible portion of the theft. It doesn't include the mild price deflation that would have occurred as a result of increased productivity if the dollar were a sound currency.
@_date: 2014-06-29 13:11:10


Well, actually it would be more accurate to say that the vast majority of money is debt in a fractional reserve system. There's a relatively tiny monetary base (that it isn't debt) and then a whole crap-ton of circulating claims on that base (that is debt). The monetary base is physical cash plus reserve accounts at the central bank.
@_date: 2014-04-03 19:27:04
You're more than welcome! Personally, the two things I always recommend to people who are new to bitcoin are these two videos:
 and
The first is a great explanation of the WHY of bitcoin, and the second is the best explanation I've seen on the HOW of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-14 01:47:35


SegWit is a potential Schelling point proposed by one group of developers. It's still possible that the market will converge on it (which I think would be a huge mistake), but I wouldn't say it looks likely.  


BU isn't a proposal.  It's a flexible set of tools that the actual network participants could use to implement any one of a number of proposals (e.g., let's begin mining and accepting blocks up to 2 MB following a grace period of X blocks after Y% of the network begins signalling their support for such a change). 


Bitcoin is ruled by the market not the mob.
@_date: 2017-02-23 14:05:12


The key word was "ultimately." Obviously if your EB is out of step with the current network consensus, you may end up temporarily following a doomed chain.  But -- provided you're using a reasonable, finite AD (e.g., 12) -- you'll still ultimately follow majority chain.


I don't think three random reddit comments comes even close to establishing widespread traction.  But yes, obviously miners need to take the lead in actually effecting any kind of protocol change.  That's inherent in their role as a first-line proxy for the market.  (You *could* attempt to support a minority hash power fork, but the "fork now, gain hash power support / market share later" path is unlikely to be viable.)
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:34:00
Thanks! 250 bits
@_date: 2014-09-03 18:12:59


I disagree. To borrow from an old comment of mine: I often see people say things like: "Bitcoin is a protocol that benefits from network effects, and such protocols are sticky." That's close, but bitcoin is actually a *dynamic* protocol that benefits from network effects, making it (potentially) super-sticky. Or, to think about it another way, bitcoin isn't *really* the current implementation of the Bitcoin protocol used to maintain and update the Bitcoin ledger; it IS that ledger. The protocol can be, has been, and will continue to be improved. If something significantly better comes along and begins to take serious market share from bitcoin, that would provide a strong incentive for bitcoin stakeholders to modify the protocol to incorporate the improvements. This doesn't mean that it's impossible for an alt-ledger to come along and overcome Bitcoin's first-mover advantage. That's certainly a possibility, but I don't believe it will be as easy as many people seem to think.
Another point I often make is that from a systemic perspective, we shouldn't actually want an alt-ledger to successfully displace Bitcoin. And I don't say that because I own a lot of Bitcoin (ok, that's not the only reason I say it), but because it would undermine the usefulness of crypto by making it a less reliable store of value. Money is memory. Its entire purpose is to facilitate exchange by *preserving* a reliable record of value given but not yet received. Switching *ledgers* every time an improvement in *protocol* is made is insane because it would essentially defeat that purpose. It's kinda like buying a more powerful computer every six months and throwing the old one in the trash without bothering to copy over your files.  
@_date: 2014-12-06 03:40:11
It was sarcasm. The original story was, in my opinion, obviously bullshit. But I'd say that the additional story pretty much removes all doubt and is just beyond hilarious.
@_date: 2014-08-11 22:56:37
Are you sure? I'm guessing that the collapse of the dollar will be like that old joke about how you go bankrupt: "first gradually, then suddenly." And it will certainly *seem* sudden to some people. Simple logic dictates that not everyone will be able to unload their dollars in time to avoid significant wealth losses. You may be confident in your ability to see the signs and be one of the first to run for the exits, but again, that *cannot* be the case for everyone. 
@_date: 2017-02-23 14:37:21
OP is one of the most consistently insightful commenters on Bitcoin I've ever had the pleasure of readinng. Seriously. For anyone who isn't following I'd highly suggest you start.  
@_date: 2015-05-30 08:39:02
Huh? No, I make those determinations all the time and so far I've been pretty happy with the outcomes. The supporters of prohibition are the ones who believe that other people are too stupid to make those decisions for themselves.  
@_date: 2014-06-21 21:37:29
Here's a link to my [standard explanation]( which I think is pretty good.  


What's backing gold?  The purpose of "backing" a conventional currency is to ensure that it remains reliably scarce -- since pieces of colored paper with numbers on them are easy to create.  Bitcoin is scarce by design so "backing" is unnecessary and counterproductive (it would require a "backer" which would introduce counterparty risk to a money that was designed not to require trust). In fact, it would make more sense to talk about using Bitcoin to back some other instrument.




Mining is tricky, but the basic idea is that everyone in the Bitcoin network independently maintains a copy of the master ledger and verifies that every transaction follows the rules.  If you broadcast a transaction that doesn't follow the rules (e.g. attempt to spend bitcoins that you don't have), everyone else in the network will simply ignore you. A really excellent explanation of mining is given in [this video](  It's pretty accessible to someone who has at least a bit of a technical background, but I wouldn't classify it as an ELI5 explanation.


See my linked comment.  Also, your dad's question is nonsensical.  The fact that Bitcoin's value is most frequently expressed in terms of a fiat exchange rate just means that fiat is (for now) the most convenient unit of account since its purchasing power is relatively stable and relatively familiar.  
@_date: 2014-12-05 15:53:42
Oh, I see. He got a score of "frowny-face percent." That's not good.
@_date: 2017-02-25 06:20:22


Yes, it is because users have always had the power to modify their software to change what size blocks they'll mine and/or accept. BU simply provides a set of tools that remove a paper-thin "inconvenience barrier" to actually exercising that power.  Quoting "A security model that relies on the user not changing settings that are ultimately easy to change is a broken security model. One should assume that everything that can be offered to the user as an option for how their node software will behave will be available to them at the click of a button."


Well, again, I'd disagree because regardless of how BU's tools are used, the power they facilitate was always in users' hands.  Having said that, I'd certainly expect miners using BU or BU-compatible clients to carefully coordinate an upgrade to bigger blocks such that it happens at the exact same time. 


Again, the BU tool set isn't incompatible with miners converging on a BIP100-like proposal.  


Well, I'm of the exact opposite opinion. I think it's the opponents of BU who lack a sound economic understanding of how Bitcoin produces consensus.
@_date: 2014-08-01 09:32:04
Yeah I figured that out shortly after I posted. 
@_date: 2015-05-13 21:45:13


Thanks! And thanks for the followup information.  
@_date: 2017-02-08 22:55:55
I'd suggest reading the second stickied link on that sub, the article by ohn-Jay ocke-Blay.
@_date: 2014-05-04 22:12:21
I don't know, man. The comment I was responding to was suggesting that Bitcoin's "viralness" is no different than any other investment's because in both cases people have an incentive to get others to invest. I read your comment as suggesting that Bitcoin's viralness is no different than that of any other sizable tech project (because they also have meetups, forums etc.) I'm very skeptical of both claims (although I'm more skeptical of the first). In my own experience, Bitcoin is one of those subjects where the people who are excited about it tend to be *really* excited about it. And it's something that they're excited to introduce to their friends and family. Are there other tech projects that generate similar levels of excitement? Probably, but I bet they're few and far between. I mean, I think the "cult" accusations that you sometimes see thrown around against bitcoiners are silly, but let's be honest, I also get where they come from. :)
@_date: 2015-05-31 04:03:23
Here's my take on this issue: [Two Approaches to Conceptualizing Bitcoin's Core Value Proposition](
@_date: 2017-02-25 07:40:10


Eh. It'd be nice if we could all pretend that the protocol will never change and just run "the software" and never have to worry about upgrading, but that's not reality.  And as I've said before, Schelling point defining block size limit in BU-dominant world will, at least 99% of the time, likely be almost as well-established and "solid-feeling" as current 1-MB limit, and changes to that limit are likely to be relatively infrequent such that figuring out optimal EB setting will be pretty easy. And honestly, for your average non-mining node, EB setting doesn't need to be optimal.  Set your EB setting high and just follow most proof-of-work chain. Hash power is unlikely to make expensive mistake of mining doomed blocks so you're unlikely to follow many doomed blocks, or follow them for very long. Similarly, use a reasonable AD setting as a fail-safe. It's not rocket science.


So? That's effectively what running a Core node means. And it obviously didn't matter in context of the 1.00023 MB (or whatever it was) block because that block was immediately orphaned. Now if you were to operate a node today using an EB setting of *0.5MB* with an AD of 99999, *then* you'd be in trouble, but I don't see anyone doing that.


There are lots of people suggesting that miners and node operators should at least prepare to change maximum size of blocks their software will accept.  I'm one of those people.


Well, yeah, ultimately it's the responsibility of the actual stakeholders to run software that does what they want it to -- although those stakeholders may certainly enlist the assistance of volunteer and/or paid programmers towards that end.


Well, maybe. That's the beauty of hard fork / market referendum. The obvious benefit of a BU &gt;1-MB chain is that, by definition, it will (at least initially) represent the majority hash power chain (a strong Schelling point for the market to converge on).  In addition, it will offer an improvement to the fundamental monetary property of "transactional efficiency" -- the ability to transact quickly, cheaply, and reliably.


Sure, miners are free to code up a script to the CLI or patch to the actual client that will implement whatever logic they want to with respect to actual "activation" of a move to &gt;1-MB blocks.  
@_date: 2017-02-23 11:42:08
Come on, dude. Don't change the subject by trying to start yet another pointless semantic debate about whether SegWit means "larger blocks." Consider the significance of what you just said and why responded with "Hear hear." We *don't* need uncompromising immutability. And consequently you should have no objection in principle to a tool that allows people to make changes to the software they run. And we *don't* need any authority to decide for us what code we run -- so you shouldn't have any objection in principle to a tool that gives users more granular control, empowering them to decide on and negotiate their own proposals, as opposed to simply allowing them to opt in to some specific developer-created proposal.
@_date: 2017-02-23 14:30:20


Well, of course. But the nice thing with the AD logic is that you can limit your fund loss. If you're a miner running Core when there's a shift in the Schelling point defining the "block size limit," you may end up following a doomed chain *indefinitely*.


Ok, and you could also find a whole bunch of *anti*-SegWit posts. My own impression is that most people who are strong supporters of BU are opposed to SegWit in its current form and think we should increase block size first and *then* evaluate options for addressing some of the issues that SegWit deals with. (That's also my own view.)
@_date: 2014-11-06 18:26:40
Yes, the war on certain drugs is an incredible “waste” of law enforcement resources, money, time, etc. I’ve certainly made that argument myself, and I’ll continue to make it (because some people find it persuasive). But at the same time, I can’t help bristling at it a little when I think about all the barbarism, violence, human suffering, and death the drug war has caused. Honestly, to me it feels a little bit like watching the police turn the firehoses on black civil rights protesters in the ’60s and remarking, “gosh, that seems like a waste of water.” Well… yes, it certainly is, but um, don’t you have any *other*, and perhaps more important, objections to what you’re witnessing?
(By the way, not trying to be critical, I just think it's an important point.)
@_date: 2016-03-21 22:07:32
What are you talking about? Miners can't create whatever size blocks they want because of the 1-MB block size limit. Who enforces that limit? Well, I guess mostly the miners... 
@_date: 2017-02-06 03:39:22


Well, but I'd argue that BU isn't really a "proposal." It's more of a "meta-proposal" providing a set of simple yet flexible tools that could be used by network participants to implement any one of a number of different proposals.  


My hunch is that there's more going on "underneath the surface" with the miners that we're not seeing.  And that once the dominoes start falling, things may happen a lot faster than many people expect.   
@_date: 2017-02-06 19:04:57


I view that as its best feature! It gets the developers out of the way of the actual stakeholders, empowering the users to reach (and adjust as necessary) consensus on an appropriate block size limit, without the heavy thumb of any one group of developers on the scale. And there's no change to the consensus mechanism. The consensus mechanism has always relied on the powerful natural incentives to reach consensus. The "consensus rules" are just *provisional* Schelling points -- "provisional" because they are subject to change.  But ultimately the most important Schelling point, the one that made Bitcoin possible, is the most-proof-of-work chain.  Good comment [here]( from BU's lead developer on how BU's settings work and why BU avoided any explicit "activation" triggers.


There may be brief periods of uncertainty surrounding the shift from one Schelling point to the next, but I'd anticipate them being quite short-lived and few and far between.  Mining a block that's orphaned as out of step with current consensus regarding block size is a very expensive mistake to make. I'm of the opinion that most of of the time the Schelling point defining the "block size limit" in a BU-dominant environment will be as well-known and "solid-feeling" as the current 1-MB Schelling point.


I honestly don't find it too scary. And I find a lot of the distrust towards  miners to be quite strange in view of (what I see as) Bitcoin's basic governance structure. Here's how I usually explain it:
Bitcoin's security model is generally understood to be premised on the assumption that a majority of the hash power is "honest." (From the whitepaper: "we proposed a peer-to-peer network using proof-of-work to record a public history of transactions that quickly becomes computationally impractical for an attacker to change **if honest nodes control a majority of CPU power.**") More generally, it's premised on the assumption that a majority of the hash power will recognize their interest in preserving the health of the system.  (From the whitepaper: "**They vote with their CPU power**, expressing their acceptance of valid blocks by working on extending them and rejecting invalid blocks by refusing to work on them.  **Any needed rules and incentives can be enforced with this consensus mechanism.**") Of course *ultimately* we rely on investors / "the market" to protect the integrity of the system. (Miners are *one type* of investor and they act as a first-line proxy for all investors as a class.) If a majority of miners act improvidently in a way that significantly depresses the value of the Bitcoin network, investors can respond by buying up hash power (at now-artificially-depressed prices) and righting the ship that way, or by choosing to value a fork (if necessary, a PoW-changing fork) that avoids the errors made by the foolish miners. 
@_date: 2014-08-29 16:51:27
I like bitwallet too, but prefer breadwallet's aesthetic and simplicity. And I always especially recommend breadwallet for people who are new to bitcoin because of its ease of use.
@_date: 2014-06-29 16:18:36


Yeah, I get that the monetary base is, in a sense, "loaned" into existence because it's conjured out of thin air by a central bank and then used to *purchase* debt.  But I still wouldn't consider the cash itself to *be* debt.  Checkbook money is an IOU for central bank money (i.e. Federal Reserve Notes or an equivalent electronic balance at the Federal Reserve), but the central bank money isn't an IOU for anything else.  It functions more like a commodity, just a very, very crappy commodity since it can be created by the central bank at the push of a button.
@_date: 2017-02-27 05:29:28


Sure, obviously by definition a soft fork (even a malicious one) only adds protocol rules and doesn't violate any current protocol rules. But it's equally obvious that malicious soft forks are properly viewed as "attacks" that violate *social* rules. 


Well *miners* certainly can't ignore the new rules if they don't want their blocks to be orphaned (either because they themselves have violated a new rule or extended another block that's done so). I suppose you could say that a soft fork that only provides for a new transaction type can be ignored by users who don't want to make use of that transaction type. But what if you're a user who thinks that the change introduces systemic risk and who doesn't want to follow a chain that allows it? In that case you're forced to do a counter fork.  And with SegWit, the situation is even worse because the change would provide a substantial discount for SegWit-style transactions, effectively punishing users who don't use them.


What do you mean they "just do" a re-org? If a miner just runs plain vanilla mining software, that software won't intentionally double-spend confirmed transactions. If an entity with a majority of the hash power wants to double spend transaction A that was confirmed in a block (and instead ensure that double-spending transaction B ends up in the blockchain), they have to somehow *tell* their software to orphan the block that contains A -- and my point is that this is equivalent to a soft fork that begins to apply a new rule: "any chain that contains transaction A is invalid."


Well no, Satoshi was clearly aware of the possibility of 51% attacks. The defense against these attacks is the difficulty and expense of acquiring a majority of the hash power, the fact that someone who somehow succeeded in doing so should find it more profitable to play by the rules, and by the fact that the honest network participants would hopefully be able to neutralize any attack with a PoW change.  Unfortunately it's not feasible to preemptively neutralize all 51% attacks simply by adding additional rules to the protocol.  For example, consider adding a *minimum* block size rule in an attempt to counter the threat of a 51% attack that allowed only empty blocks. An attacker could route around that rule simply by including only his own transactions.  Or an even more obvious example, attempting to preemptively counter double spending attacks -- you can't really add new rules regarding the proper order of transactions because the entire point of blockchain is to use hashpower to reach consensus on transaction order.


Sorry but if you don't give me more than that, it's hard for me to know what it is you're still not understanding. Do you disagree with the definition of a soft fork as a majority of the hash power beginning to apply a new rule while not violating existing rules? Do you have some argument for why the various 51% attacks I described don't meet that definition?


Not at all. See above for a discussion of the defenses against 51% attacks.
@_date: 2017-02-05 19:05:03


Yeah, but I wouldn't worry too much about this. I'd imagine that "Bitcoin" will continue to be used by most to refer to the economically-dominant version of the ledger. Note that it was "Ethereum Classic" that was forced to rebrand despite using the "original" rule set. Exchanges will be in a strong position to establish the naming conventions that almost everyone in the space will follow.


Possibly, but again I tend to trust the market to only "allow" an economically-meaningful split when the benefits of doing so outweigh costs. Also, while it's true that large holders attempting to support their side may aggressively "dump" coins on the other chain in an effort to help their chain come out on top, consider that this is a very dangerous and expensive game. "When you play the game of forks you win or you die." And again, from an evolutionary perspective, the game should have the effect of rewarding those who correctly identify the winning chain thereby giving them more influence going forward.  The game also "punishes" those who do a poor job of predicting the market's wishes and bet wrong.


Maybe -- although again I'm not sure they really make sense from a cost-benefit perspective. And of course, only the hash power majority side will be in a position to 51% attack the other chain.


I don't think that makes the timing of a fork "completely unpredictable."  My guess is that pro-fork side will wait until they have clear commitments from a decisive hash power majority who will then agree upon and announce a flag day ("block number x") representing the point at which they'll begin accepting and mining larger blocks up to an agreed-upon size (e.g., 2 MB).


Sure, theoretically. But the danger is pretty remote if that chain has a clear hash power majority and ultimately clear market support. In theory, someone (with unlimited resources) could pull off a reorganization of the current chain to a version with a 500kb block size limit.  Furthermore, the minority chain would also be in danger of withering away if the network effect were to increasingly converge on the large-block / majority hash power chain.


Arguably it's the responsibility of the minority chain to implement such protection if they want it.


I'm pretty comfortable trusting the market to exercise the appropriate level of "hard fork conservatism."  The appropriate level almost certainly means waiting for more than 51% support before initiating a fork, but probably doesn't require waiting for 95% support.  Plus, I think it's a mistake to imagine that *the protocol* is supposed to be "immutable."  The protocol is inherently fluid by virtue of Bitcoin's decentralized, voluntary, open-source nature. I think it's far important to trust the market to preserve Bitcoin's essential monetary properties (which, among other requirements, means ensuring that *the ledger* is relatively "immutable"). And in fact, I would argue that preserving Bitcoin's essential monetary properties currently requires a change to "the protocol."  I see Bitcoin's value proposition as combining the reliable scarcity of a commodity with the transactional efficiency of a purely-digital medium.  An arbitrarily-small limit on Bitcoin's transactional capacity will increasingly undermine the latter property.
@_date: 2015-05-12 21:03:33
Honestly, this is a whole lot easier to explain with a demonstration. Would you mind tipping me $20 real quick? (Don't worry. I'll send it right back after the demonstration.)
@_date: 2016-01-21 08:08:56


Sure, there are a non-trivial number of people in the minority group who want to go in a different direction than the majority. But when push comes to shove and a split occurs, they'll experience the brutal effects of a much smaller network effect. That will encourage defectors, making the brutal effects even more brutal, encouraging more defectors.  There's a very strong positive feedback loop incentivizing the network toward convergence (which is why the big-block crowd hasn't already forked away).


The most important property of good money is the network effect so not looking around to see what others are doing is not really a viable strategy. 


I don't see it playing out like that. The "unholy fork" carries within it the latent ability to change its protocol back if its new properties actually prove problematic. (It's very hard for it to fail in a way that doesn't preserve the all-important ledger.) And because it's the majority fork in this hypothetical, changing the protocol back would be the path of least resistance as it preserves (and increases) the holdings of the most people. Plus, your assertion is totally at odds with your analogy where, if the persistent split has occurred, you have supposedly *fallen off a cliff*. That's not the kind of think you walk away from. The whole point of the analogy is that you're supposedly threatening something utterly disastrous for everyone involved, yourself included.
@_date: 2015-05-10 15:06:49


I admittedly haven't been following the debate that closely, but in thinking about the issue, I'm having a hard time seeing why we need a cap at all now. Won't you still have an effective cap based on an emergent network consensus? If the cap is removed and you broadcast a really outlandishly huge (e.g. 1-TB) block, no one is going to mine on top of it because they'll anticipate that if they do so, no one else will mine on top of *their* block. I think you've said that we need proper incentives / markets for all of Bitcoin's scarce resources, but what specifically are you referring to? And how do you see those markets being developed?
@_date: 2015-05-10 13:14:25


What are you talking about? My country recognizes them. (Although I don't recognize Croatia.)
@_date: 2017-02-09 13:34:38
The short answer is that there's no demand for that feature (user configurable block reward) and so there's no reason to spend development resources and clutter up your code adding a feature that no one actually wants. There IS a lot of demand for a feature that allows you to adjust block size limit related settings. This shouldn't be surprising. Preserving the block reward schedule protects Bitcoin's money property of reliable scarcity. On the other hand, keeping in place an arbitrary constraint on transactional capacity will increasingly undermine Bitcoin's essential money property of transactional efficiency -- the ability to transact quickly, cheaply, and reliably. So we're very unlikely to see a shift in the Schelling point defining a valid block reward. We're very unlikely NOT to eventually see a shift in the Schelling point defining the "block size limit." Using BU is simply a way to ensure that you'll be ready for that shift when it occurs, and that you won't get permanently forked off the majority hash power chain.
@_date: 2015-05-10 14:22:14
I'm getting a little tired of your evasiveness. You really can't name a single country that doesn't recognize Liberland? As far as these unnamed "real" countries are concerned, *who* are they "recognised" by? By the way, the official spelling in Boobsandbaconland (formerly Capt_Roger_Murdockistan) is recogni**z**ed (in case you ever visit). And please don't say any of the jokers identified on [this page]( because that's like a who's who list of "countries" we *don't* recognize where I'm from.
@_date: 2014-04-17 13:59:35


That's what gave it away for me.
@_date: 2017-02-23 16:42:00


Oh you. You know that's not literally all it does. That description misleadingly makes it sound like a simple hard fork increase to a 4-MB limit when that's not how it works at all. Sure, you can theoretically get up to an absolute maximum of 4 MB worth of data in a "block" if it's somehow all witness data. I think I've seen figures more like 1.7M-2.0M for typical usage assuming complete migration to SegWit addresses.  But look, I don't particularly *care* if people want to describe what SegWit proposes as a "block size increase."  I personally think it's more accurate to describe it as providing an "effective increase" in the size of allowed blocks. And then further note that it's a *one-time, extremely modest* effective increase with an *arbitrary, economics-changing* discount for witness data and that the increase is achieved via an ugly anyone-can-spend hack.  But no, that conversation, which many people have hashed out many times, doesn't make me nervous. Just bored. 


Oh come on. Language, not unlike Bitcoin itself, is a decentralized protocol that belongs to its users.  I tend to think that *most* people will continue to use the term "Bitcoin" to refer to the economically-dominant version of the Bitcoin ledger and protocol, however the latter happens to evolve in the future. But sure, feel free to call whatever you like "Bitcoin."  Just be aware that may find yourself on a linguistic minority chain as well as an economically-irrelevant blockchain.
@_date: 2017-02-09 17:03:33
AD stands for "Acceptance Depth". A BU client will defer acceptance of a block larger than the current EB ("Excessive Block") setting until at least AD additional blocks have been mined on top of it, at which point the excessive block containing chain will be accepted as a candidate for the longest valid chain. I don't expect AD to play much of a role in practice (certainly I think that's the case for mining nodes). It's basically an optional (because AD can be set to an effectively infinite value) "emergency fail-safe" that allows you to automatically make sure you'll ultimately track longest chain in a scenario where it's become clear that network as a whole has begun accepting blocks larger than your current EB setting.
@_date: 2015-05-10 13:28:53
I haven't come up with a name yet. I was initially thinking "Capt_Roger_Murdockistan," but I think it might be too much of a mouthful. And honestly, the "-stan" thing seems pretty played out at this point.
@_date: 2016-01-16 20:24:04
Dude, it's pretty simple. You can run whatever version of the software you want and place value on whatever version of the ledger you want. Everyone else is free to do the same.
@_date: 2015-05-13 21:37:20
What if we instead started referring to Bitcoin as the "Financial Superhighway"? Now to me, *that* sounds futuristic and cool.  
@_date: 2015-05-10 13:44:03
God damn it, dude. I told you I hadn't decided on a name yet. But fine, if you're gonna hold my feet to the fire, "Capt_Roger_Murdockistan" it is. (I can always change it later via a joint resolution of my left and right brain hemispheres.) Now could you please answer my question?
@_date: 2017-02-23 12:16:30
Really? I find it entirely unconvincing. Here's something I wrote recently in a conversation with jonny1000 regarding this idea that BU supposedly replaces "automatic machine consensus" with "human consensus." (You might want to look through my history to get full context, but I don't think I'm allowed to provide link here.)






@_date: 2016-01-14 14:30:02


Sure, and there are people in this thread advocating that 5.1% hashrate ought to be enough to veto a hard fork, economic consensus be damned.  But really, with respect to your original statement, there's no "ought" involved.  51% hashrate *can* trigger a hard fork.  Again:


Now if you want to argue that a high level of hard fork "conservatism" is a good thing and that miners shouldn't help effect a hard fork without an extremely high level of support, that's fine. To the extent your arguments are convincing to a lot of miners, a hard fork simply won't be able to get the 51%+ hash rate it needs to succeed without a much higher level of support.  But again, the appropriate level of hard fork conservatism is something that's ultimately determined by the market as a whole. There's still no justification for censoring discussion (even, gasp, "promotion") of alternative implementations.   
@_date: 2014-12-08 03:18:34
Yep, it doesn't make sense if the character is really Bitcoin.  It should have been Dogecoin acting uncharacteristically serious and Bitcoin-like because he's hungry.  Still kinda funny.
@_date: 2017-02-23 10:52:55


Well obviously people already have the ability to modify the code they run to adjust the inflation schedule. Why hasn't any developer team provided tools to make that process easier? (It certainly wouldn't be particularly difficult to code up.) Well, probably because there's essentially zero demand for such a feature, and so there's no reason to spend development resources and clutter up your code adding a feature that no one actually wants. There IS, however, clearly significant demand for a feature that allows you to easily adjust block size limit related settings. This shouldn't be surprising. Preserving the block reward schedule protects Bitcoin's money property of reliable scarcity. On the other hand, keeping in place an arbitrary constraint on transactional capacity will increasingly *undermine* Bitcoin's essential money property of transactional efficiency -- the ability to transact quickly, cheaply, and reliably. So while we're very unlikely to see a shift in the Schelling point defining a valid block reward, it's very unlikely that we *won't* eventually see a shift in the Schelling point defining the "block size limit." Using BU is simply a way to ensure that you'll be ready for that shift when it occurs, and that you won't be forked off onto a minority chain.
@_date: 2014-06-18 14:10:54
Geez, guys. It's not a competition. I mean, *if it were* a competition, this would obviously absolutely crush the Dogecar. But again, it's not a competition.
@_date: 2017-02-25 20:59:09


My own view is that soft forks are probably fine for small, non-controversial changes where making the change as a soft fork doesn't introduce too much additional complexity. The main problem with soft forks is that they undermine user and market choice by increasing the coordination cost of resisting a controversial or malicious change.  The other big problem with soft forks is that most soft forks aren't "natural" soft forks where the functional nature of the change actually lends itself to implementation via a soft fork because what you're "really" trying to do is further limit the universe of what's allowed. (A block size limit *decrease* would be an example of a natural soft fork.) And so if you take a change that isn't naturally a soft fork and force it into a soft fork container, that basically requires you to use some kind of "hack" -- which has the effect of introducing additional (and inherently-dangerous) complexity into the protocol. 


I don't see that. Bitcoin will hard fork if and when the market deems the benefits of a hard fork to outweigh the costs.


That's unfortunate for them, because open-source software is the opposite of immutable.  And if Bitcoin's protocol *were* immutable, that would render it extremely vulnerable to nimbler competitors.  Bitcoin isn't just competing with precious metals and fiat currencies, it's competing with the best possible version of itself.


The AD logic is just an optional, emergency fail safe that allows you to make sure that you'll ultimately, automatically, end up on the majority chain in the rare situation where the network as a whole has begun to accept blocks larger than your current EB setting. It's unlikely to play much of a role in practice, particularly for miners. Thus, what you set it to isn't terribly important, provided you don't set it to some ridiculously high value and then completely fail to monitor the network.


I don't see how that follows. Accepting a 0-conf tx carries some risk but may sometimes make sense for certain use cases.  Accepting a 1-conf tx carries *less* risk, but still more risk than waiting for 2 confirmations, etc., etc.  Again, I don't see any reason to expect that a world in which BU-style tool set is in wide use will be a world in which the prevailing "block size limit" is hopelessly indeterminate and constantly shifting with blocks being unpredictably orphaned left and right for being too big.


This is silly. One of the BU releases had a bug in it that caused one pool to inadvertently produce exactly one block that was slightly larger than their MG setting, leading that block to be orphaned. The bug was fixed immediately and no other oversized block were produced. Bugs happen in software development.


Really? My recommendation right now would EB=1 as 1-MB limit is clearly still the strongest Schelling point. Again, the AD setting isn't terribly important but the default setting of 12 seems pretty reasonable.  If 12 blocks are built on top of a block you consider to be excessive, and that chain thereafter is, or becomes, the most proof-of-work chain, that's a pretty darn good indicator that the hash power majority is now supporting blocks larger than your EB.


Well no, *Bitcoin* runs on (is defined by) Schelling points that are inherently subject to change. BU is based on the idea that the 1-MB Schelling point defining the block size limit is very unlikely to prevail indefinitely (as if it did, it would cause far too much harm to Bitcoin's monetary properties). BU is also based on the idea that it's the actual stakeholders (and not volunteer C++ programmers) who should, and ultimately do, determine which set of Schelling points defines the current protocol at any given time.
@_date: 2016-01-14 15:57:06
Was my sarcasm not obvious?
@_date: 2016-01-29 03:04:35


Could you point out specifically what you're referring to here? And your understanding of what, in Satoshi's view, would constitute a "contentious" hard fork and the basis for that understanding?
@_date: 2016-01-28 22:07:32
I'd avoid calling Bitcoin "democratic."  Bitcoin isn't a democracy.  It's voluntary / consensus-based. The majority can't forcibly impose their will on the minority because people are free to run whatever version of the software they want and value whatever version of the ledger they choose. Of course, *as a practical matter*, the overwhelming importance of network effects strongly incentivizes people to agree on a single set of rules / single version of the ledger. But the direction of Bitcoin (i.e., the economically dominant version of the rules / ledger) is a product of "market rule" rather than "mob rule." Developers who have proven themselves to be valuable contributors to the ecosystem can exercise more influence over Bitcoin's direction than most, but they cannot steer it.
@_date: 2016-01-14 15:52:46
Network effect. With money, you want to hold the money that everyone else will want to hold in the future (at the time when you'll be seeking to exchange that money for goods and services).  Because that's what both will give your money value and make spending it more convenient.  And "everyone else" will *also* want to hold the money that well, *everyone else* will want to hold, etc., etc.  With respect to crypto-currencies, there are already hundreds of them in existence with new ones being created all the time.  So how to figure out which one is most likely to be the one that people are going to want? An impossible guessing game?  Well, no, because the first and still by far the largest cryptocurrency is an obvious [Schelling point]( on which people are likely to converge.
"But what if someone releases a competitor that's technically superior to Bitcoin?"
To the extent that new technologies are developed that are better at maintaining a monetary ledger, Bitcoin can incorporate them. In other words, "Bitcoin" isn't *really* the current protocol used to maintain the Bitcoin ledger. It IS that ledger. The protocol can be, has been, and will continue to be changed when there's a compelling reason to do so -- like the emergence of a competitor with a demonstrably superior ledger-maintaining protocol. Scrapping ledgers and starting over every time a new protocol is invented would be madness. It would defeat the entire purpose of money which is to *preserve* a record of value given but not yet received. Thinking that you have to scrap the ledger to upgrade the protocol is like thinking you have to permanently delete all your files when you upgrade your operating system.
@_date: 2014-02-07 19:09:45
"Power is a curious thing...Three great men, a king, a priest, and a rich man. Between them stands a common sellsword. Each great man bids the sellsword kill the other two. Who lives, who dies? Power resides where men believe it resides; it's a trick, a shadow on the wall, and a very small man can cast a very large shadow." 
@_date: 2016-01-15 04:47:31
Agreed. But IMO, "moderation" is a pretty damn big piece. Censorship is something that tends to *really* piss people off.  That's especially true when you're talking about Bitcoiners, many of whom were drawn to Bitcoin by the promise of "censorship-resistant money."  
@_date: 2016-01-28 19:25:10
No, [it's a change in direction]( If the fork is successful, the vast majority of users will converge on the majority chain because of the overwhelming importance of network effects.
@_date: 2017-02-25 21:56:58
Indeed.  Here's my standard response to this kind of nonsense:
If you think that Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme, you don't know the definition of a Ponzi scheme, don't understand how Bitcoin works, or both. A Ponzi scheme is "a form of fraud in which belief in the success of a nonexistent enterprise is fostered by the payment of quick returns to the first investors from money invested by later investors." It is painfully, blindingly obvious that Bitcoin is not a Ponzi scheme.  With Bitcoin, there's no Ponzi operator that's claiming to invest your funds in some mysterious enterprise (that doesn't actually exist) but who is actually using your funds to pay "returns" to earlier investors. Bitcoin doesn't promise any returns. Bitcoin is simply a commodity whose price, like that of any other commodity, is determined by the law of supply and demand. 
**and Pyramids...**
Bitcoin is also obviously not a "pyramid scheme." 


There is no Bitcoin "organization," no "directors," no need for you to recruit people beneath you in order to enjoy the benefits of Bitcoin. Again, Bitcoin is simply a new kind of commodity.
**and Tulips! Oh my!**
Most people who level the Ponzi or pyramid scheme charge against Bitcoin are really attempting--inelegantly--to make the argument that Bitcoin is a "speculative bubble" (or "tulip mania") that requires an endless stream of "greater fools" to avoid collapse. That argument goes something like this: "why do people buy bitcoins? Because they hope to sell them in the future to other people for more money. But why do *those people* buy bitcoins? For the same reason. That's obviously unsustainable so the whole thing will come crashing down at some point." Here's what these people don't get. In a sense, *all* money relies on there being a "roughly equal or greater fool." In other words, the only reason anyone ever trades real value for little green pieces of paper or an electronic ledger entry is because they hope to, at some point in the future, exchange that money for something they really want, i.e. a good or service that can directly satisfy their wants or needs. But really, there's nothing "foolish" about money. It's a very useful accounting system for keeping track of value given but not yet received. Where the "digital tulips" crowd gets hung up is on the fact that *today's* holders of Bitcoin expect it to significantly increase in value, observing that such a thing can't continue forever. And that's true, but it doesn't have to. Bitcoin isn't a scheme that will collapse without endless exponential growth. Again, it's just a commodity. Its price can go up, down, or sideways (as the past five years have proven in sometimes dramatic fashion). Also, if Bitcoin achieves success as a gold alternative or even, as a true currency, people will trade real value for Bitcoin with the simple expectation that Bitcoin will *hold* its value (or increase in value relatively slowly at a rate commensurate with the growth of the overall economy).
People sometimes try to rebut the "tulip" argument by claiming that *they're* not hoping to sell their bitcoins for more fiat in the future, because they plan to "spend" them. That misses the point.  They're still holding bitcoin because they hope to exchange it for real value in the future (again, the same reason anyone holds any form of money). Whether they access that stored value by trading those bitcoins directly for goods and services or by going through the intermediate step of first trading them for fiat is really immaterial.
@_date: 2015-05-10 13:36:33
Sources, dude. Name me one country that *doesn't* recognize Liberland.
@_date: 2016-01-31 04:50:17


Some degree of “contentiousness” is unavoidable because you're never going to get everyone to agree on what direction Bitcoin should take. So we’re either going to have a “contentious hard fork” or (continued) “contentious stasis.”  Either way, plenty of people are going to be unhappy.  But that’s ok.
Since the subject of this thread is analogies, I’ll share mine for the current situation:
Imagine five guys driving down the road and arguing over where to stop for lunch. They're approaching an intersection (a “fork” in the road, if you will). If they turn left, there's a restaurant a few miles down that way that two people in the car want to go to. If they turn right, there's another restaurant a few miles that way that two other people want to stop at. Finally, if they keep going straight there's a third restaurant that the last guy sitting way in the back wants to go to. After ten minutes of heated debate with no clear resolution, the last guys says, "Well, sadly, it looks like we're not going to be able to achieve 'overwhelming consensus' on a 'hard turn' to the left or the right. And we obviously don't want to make a 'contentious turn' and risk a 'catastrophic consensus failure.' I mean, if we all tried to go to different restaurants we might get lost or murdered or something. So... best just to stay on the current road and go where I want go." The driver puts on his blinker and says, "shut up, *I'm* driving the car to the Mexican place on the left. If anybody feels like walking somewhere else, I'm happy to pull over right here and let them out." Not surprisingly, no one takes him up on this offer. The guy in the driver seat in this analogy is the "economic majority," and the car is the network effect (it's in everyone's best interests to stay in the car even if the destination isn't their first choice). “Consensus” in Bitcoin isn’t about getting everyone to agree on the restaurant ahead of time.  Consensus is about “staying in the car" (abiding by the same set of compatible rules / agreeing on an identical ledger history) because the network effect is that important.  


With all due respect, I think this rhetoric is a little overblown.  Some people don’t know how to debate on the Internet without being jerks.  Not surprisingly, those people tend to be the most vocal.  That's nothing new.  I think the debate has been generally healthy (with the notable exception being the attempted censorship of certain forums).  From an anti-fragility perspective, I actually think the best outcome would be a hard fork over Core’s objections, so I'm kind of hoping they *don't* compromise. It would demonstrate that hard forks (even “contentious” ones) [aren’t something to fear](  rather, they are central to Bitcoin’s governance. It would also help to further catalyze decentralization of development. (I think one of the greatest threats to "decentralization" that Bitcoin is currently facing is an "implementation monoculture" that’s giving way too much power to a single development team.)  Finally, it would demonstrate that (while developers are certainly free to print up whatever “roadmaps” they want), the market is ultimately the one in the driver's seat determining the course.  had a [great comment](  on this last point:














@_date: 2016-01-29 03:52:03
Thanks. I'd be very interested to read that.


Blasphemy.  There are no inconsistencies in the word of Satoshi, only in our interpretation. ;)
@_date: 2015-05-30 09:24:59
Sad but true.  With as much progress as we've made in recent years, there's still a long way to go. 
@_date: 2017-03-01 04:50:38


Sort of. For example, the 10 minute block interval is obviously somewhat arbitrary and involves a rough attempt to balance [the tradeoffs involved]( It's extremely unlikely that ten minutes gets the tradeoffs *perfect*, but it's probably good enough. On the other hand, the arbitrary and absurdly-tiny 1-MB block size limit strikes at the very heart of Bitcoin's monetary properties and the amount of damage it's doing increases every day. Of course if Satoshi had screwed up and picked a really poor block interval target (e.g., 1 second or 1 week), then I'd certainly expect there to have been significant pressure to change it.  But even in that case, you wouldn't need a BU-style "emergent consensus" approach to the parameter because the change would likely be a one-time event.  With the block size limit, the "right number" (or "right enough number") that best balances tradeoffs is almost certainly going to shift over time as circumstances change (i.e., as the level of transactional demand changes, and as general and Bitcoin-specific technological improvements are made that increase network's technological capacity). That's why the BU approach makes so much sense.


Actually with the BU approach you just need to adjust your settings.  In a sense, once BU-stye approach is adopted by the network, increasing the limit will no longer require a "hard fork." 




We've had people running BU nodes with &gt;1MB EB setting for over a year if I'm not mistaken.  What harm has befallen them? Exactly one &gt;1MB block was (inadvertently) mined and immediately orphaned. I guess, theoretically, if there had been someone who was selling something at that exact moment and who planned to wait for only 1 confirmation before delivering the product and who was relying only on their own BU node to verify that confirmation, and that payment had been confirmed in the excessive block, and if that payment subsequently didn't confirm in any other (non-orphaned) block ... then in that scenario their reliance on their BU node with &gt;1MB EB settings may have caused them to lose funds as a result of the "false confirmation." But that seems unlikely (to put it mildly).  


It was a ballpark estimate for the reality of a world in which 7 billion people were trying to use a system that would take 76 years to process one transaction per user. But yes, that estimate is almost certainly too low. It'd probably be closer to 99.9% of the world who'd be excluded from meaningful on-chain access. But really, the point is that the system would have broken down / been outcompeted *way* before that level of adoption were reached. So my point is that you *can't* have "on-chain, Lightning and sidechain" with the current crippled on-chain capacity limit, at least not with anything even approaching "global adoption" levels of usage.
@_date: 2014-09-08 18:27:52
Looks like they're running about 30-40 minutes behind. Check out the "agenda" link for the schedule.
**edit: Braintree CEO should be on in just a few minutes.**
@_date: 2016-01-06 19:01:24


No, it's really not for reasons explained more fully in this comment: [Ponzis and Pyramids and Tulips! Oh my!](
I'd also suggest reading [this]( to gain a better understanding of Bitcoin's fundamental value proposition.
@_date: 2016-01-19 21:25:21
Nice write up. Although I'm not sure what you mean here by "banning" misbehaving miners:


@_date: 2016-01-14 15:12:57


The grace period also increases the collective action problem. "Oh boy! This proposal is great! But... will it ever actually get the 75% support it needs to activate? I *should* switch my implementation to signal my support, but that's kind of a hassle and it's not like my vote is likely to be the deciding one.  I'll just upgrade during the grace period if and when the threshold is met."


Well, it *might* be about right, but I'd just keep in mind that [the level of "hard fork conservatism" that's appropriate is ultimately up to the market](
@_date: 2017-02-23 16:56:38


I know, it's a pretty solid analogy, right? 


Great, well I hope it was educational! And no need to tip me. As far I'm concerned, bringing knowledge to the world is its own reward. ;)
@_date: 2016-01-13 23:08:35


I don't disagree. I think the appropriate level of conservatism is something that's going to vary based on the nature of the hard fork (e.g., a simple change of a numerical limit like the block size limit probably requires far less conservatism than a more fundamental change to some data structure). But in any case, I think the appropriate level of conservatism is something that *should* be set (and ultimately, *will* be set) in a decentralized way by the market.


Well, hell it's *obviously* "ok" for someone to promote hard forks based on whatever threshold they think is appropriate. This isn't North Korea. If you see someone advocating for a threshold that you think is too low (or too high), the appropriate response is clearly to counter their viewpoint with facts and logical argument.
Edit: This *isn't* North Korea, right? Blink twice slowly if you don't feel safe speaking openly right now. Btw, on an unrelated note, whatever happened to Didn't he used to be a mod here too?
@_date: 2017-02-25 06:04:15


This is pretty basic stuff, friend.  
"A softfork is a change to the bitcoin protocol wherein only previously valid blocks/transactions are made invalid.  Since old nodes will recognise the new blocks as valid, a softfork is backward-compatible. **This kind of fork requires only a majority of the miners upgrading to enforce the new rules.**"
"**In order for a softfork to work, a majority of the mining power needs to be running a client recognizing the fork.**"


No, not "if necessary." Coordinating a counter fork is *always* necessary if you don't want to be swept along with a malicious soft fork. 


Huh? An attacker with a majority of the hash power can double spend at will. And the point is that doing so can be thought of as the equivalent of a soft fork.  The attacker doesn't break any existing rules; he simply adds a new rule: "transaction A is invalid" (which makes the attempted double spend transaction B not invalid). And what's so insidious about 51% attacks / malicious soft forks is that because they don't violate any existing consensus rules, everyone's node will automatically follow them.


I'm *pretty* sure I never said anything to that effect. My actual view is that soft forks are probably fine for small, non-controversial changes where making the change as a soft fork doesn't introduce too much additional complexity.  Because that (complexity) is the other big problem with soft forks (the first problem once again being the way soft forks undermine user and market choice in the case of controversy).  The complexity issue is that most soft forks aren't "natural" soft forks where the functional nature of the change actually lends itself to implementation via a soft fork because what you're "really" trying to do is further limit the universe of what's allowed. (A block size limit *decrease* would be an example of a natural soft fork.) And so if you take a change that isn't naturally a soft fork and force it into a soft fork container, that basically requires you to use some kind of "hack" -- which has the effect of introducing additional (and inherently-dangerous) complexity into the protocol. 


I named several (e.g., requiring that all blocks be empty). Are you asking me to name one that's been implemented? Because obviously Bitcoin hasn't yet been successfully 51% attacked. Also consider that soft forks exist on a spectrum - at one end you could imagine a completely benign and completely non-controversial change, and at the other you have your obviously and intentionally-malicious "51% attacks." In between those two extremes you have controversial soft forks that some people think are a good idea and that others think, on balance, do more harm than good.  The SegWit Soft Fork proposal obviously falls in that last category.
@_date: 2016-01-21 21:21:06


Huh? What is "my[?] new governance method"?  Bitcoin's "governance method" has always been the code that people choose to run and the version of the ledger they choose to value.  


I was? I must have been black-out drunk or something because I don't remember doing that.  Speaking only for myself (I didn't know I had a "camp"), there is no power to be "grabbed" because the real power is decentralized.  Again, that power is exercised through the code that people choose to run and the version of the ledger they choose to value.
@_date: 2016-01-13 21:16:33
No, it sounds like he's saying that it doesn't matter what he wants. It matters what the market wants.  If only 51% of mining power wants new feature X "in the abstract," a hard fork is very unlikely to occur because *at least some* of those miners are likely to have a pro-status quo / anti-"contentious hard fork" bias.  So not all of them will be prepared to "flip the switch" on a hard fork with that slim of a majority. (That's especially true where feature X isn't something they care about that much.) So it won't happen.  *You* might have a very strong anti-contentious hard fork bias and think people should only be willing to "flip the switch" on a hard fork with 90+ percent support (or whatever), but at the end of the day, it's not in your control.  Once 51%+ hash power *does* flip the switch (based on whatever threshholds the network is collectively comfortable with), the postive feedback loop toward the new fork has begun and it's very unlikely to stop.  The game theoretic incentives toward convergence on a single ledger are VERY strong.  
@_date: 2016-01-21 06:26:00
No offense, but I don't think this is a great analogy. Bitcoin isn't like two guys chained together. It's more like *millions* of people *voluntarily* traveling together who all benefit from that arrangement because of the network effect.  Sometimes there are disagreements about which direction the "herd" should go in, but no one individual can dictate their preferences to the group. It would be very detrimental if the herd were to split into two sizable groups because the network effect is non-linear (e.g., a herd half the size of the original might only provide one quarter of the benefits to its members). But one idiot threatening to throw himself off a cliff if he doesn't get his way isn't likely to sway the herd even if his threat is credible.  Why? Because he's not likely to have many followers (most people aren't irrational), and because the loss of a single (and apparently crazy) individual is not material to the herd's overall security.  
Here's another analogy I like:
Imagine two ships that are both taking on water and positioned side by side such that it's easy to jump between them. Either ship (but not both) can be saved from sinking if enough people work together to bail it out. You look around and notice that there appear to be *slightly* more people bailing out the ship you're not on, such that it seems to be sinking at a slightly slower rate. So what do you do? You jump ship ... which makes your original ship sink that much faster, encouraging even more people to jump ship, leading it to sink even faster, etc. etc. Note that it plays out like this even if some people have a strong preference regarding which ship sinks. Those people may be among the last to jump, but in the end very, very few will be willing to go down with the ship. My point is that once a fork attempt has been triggered, it should resolve itself very quickly.  This dynamic is why I think it's so silly to claim that we need "overwhelming consensus" *before* executing a hard fork. Executing a hard fork *will produce* overwhelming consensus. Indeed, that's essentially the entire purpose of the blockchain -- to produce consensus!
@_date: 2016-01-22 17:21:59
If I thought the BTC price were contingent on Core developing "competency in social consensus," I would have sold a *long* time ago. Core is free to put out whatever software they want, just as anyone else is. People can choose to run that software as is, reject it entirely, or take the parts they like and modify the parts they don't. If Core's software offerings align with what the market wants, they'll remain the dominant implementation. If they don't, the market will route around them, simple as that.
@_date: 2016-01-18 22:00:47


But the two aren't entirely unrelated. A currency that's less useful is less likely to be adopted.


I think that's probably something of a false dichotomy. In any case, I think that should be (and ultimately is) up to the market. More thoughts [here.](
@_date: 2016-01-25 19:23:24
In the case of a hard fork attempt, rational miners will try to mine on the chain that they believe will have the highest market value. (Miners will tend to follow the market.) In addition, the market will tend to follow miners (except in the case of an obviously value-destroying fork attempt like lifting the coin supply cap). The highest hash power chain is the one with the most apparent security and a very strong Schelling point on which to converge. Moreover, the incentives toward convergence on a single rule set / version of the ledger are *extraordinarily* strong and grow stronger in a positive feedback loop as more people on the smaller chain "defect" and join the majority. 
An analogy I really like goes like this (apologies if you've already seen it):


@_date: 2015-05-13 15:55:43
Innovators comprise the first 2.5% of people who will ultimately adopt a new technology in the traditional model. If you think that Bitcoin is going to eventually achieve universal or near-universal adoption (obviously a modest assumption), that would put Bitcoin still *very* early in the innovators stage. 
@_date: 2016-01-14 16:01:17
"Bitcoin" (as in the part that we actually care about "winning") isn't the "technology." It's the ledger.
@_date: 2016-01-14 15:29:24
No way, dude. This quote obviously indicates that Satoshi was in favor of a single "official" implementation under the control of a central governing authority. 
@_date: 2016-01-14 21:00:24
No worries. I'm glad you replied because your comment helped crystallize the distinction for me. Alternative "implementations" are two code bases attempting to produce *identical* behavior whereas a "fork" is attempting to *change* the network's behavior. It's absurd to use Satoshi's quote with respect to the former to suggest that he was somehow against the latter. A Bitcoin that couldn't be forked wouldn't be decentralized which would, you know, sort of defeat its entire purpose.
@_date: 2016-01-13 22:46:07
Wow, you've got what I'd consider to be a *super* conservative preference for the status quo / against "contentious" hard forks. You'd only be willing to help effect a hard fork (the underlying goals of which you agreed with) if you were confident that you were part of a 95% supermajority ("superdupermajority"?). I think your conservatism is well to the right of that of the market as a whole. I think the market will successfully effect hard forks with a much smaller level of support. But that's fine. Your opinion is still a piece of what defines the opinion of the market. But ... what does that have to do with what constitutes the appropriate moderation policy for this Bitcoin-themed sub?
@_date: 2016-01-02 01:58:45
If I learned anything from Lieutenant Dan, it's the importance of socks to combat effectiveness.
@_date: 2016-01-13 03:02:54
You can create tools for facilitating consensus that the market may find useful. But ultimately, Bitcoin will always be a product of the code that people choose to run and the version of the ledger that people choose to value.
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:55:32
See my edit, I don't think it would be. (And my guess is probably doesn't disagree either.)
@_date: 2017-03-01 14:18:39
No offense OP, but ...
The attempted demonization of miners --investors with actual significant skin in the game -- versus the attempted elevation of (one particular group of) *volunteer C++ programmers* is truly bizarre and asinine.  It reflects a complete failure to grasp Bitcoin's basic governance and incentive structure. Here's how I usually put it:
Bitcoin's security model is generally understood to be premised on the assumption that a majority of the hash power is "honest." (From the whitepaper: "we proposed a peer-to-peer network using proof-of-work to record a public history of transactions that quickly becomes computationally impractical for an attacker to change **if honest nodes control a majority of CPU power.**") More generally, it's premised on the assumption that a majority of the hash power will recognize their interest in preserving the health of the system.  (From the whitepaper: "**They vote with their CPU power**, expressing their acceptance of valid blocks by working on extending them and rejecting invalid blocks by refusing to work on them.  **Any needed rules and incentives can be enforced with this consensus mechanism.**") Of course *ultimately* we rely on investors / "the market" to protect the integrity of the system. (Miners are *one type* of investor and they act as a first-line proxy for all investors as a class.) If a majority of miners act improvidently in a way that significantly depresses the value of the Bitcoin network, investors can respond by buying up hash power (at now-artificially-depressed prices) and righting the ship that way, or by choosing to value a fork (if necessary, a PoW-changing fork) that avoids the errors made by the foolish miners. Bitcoin's security model is certainly *not* premised on the notion that people will or should blindly run the software that's uploaded to a particular repository -- or blindly trust the attempted economic parameter setting of one particular development team.
@_date: 2016-01-26 23:56:26
What traction does it need? It's their repo. They can release whatever code they want.  And what could possibly be contentious about it? If people ran the new client "out of the box" (i.e., without changing the default setting), the network would behave in the exact same way as it is now. (And, of course, the vast majority of people would run it with the default setting until they were confident that a majority of the network was ready for a change.) And it's not like there is anything stopping anyone from taking Core's current offerings, modifying the block size limit (a fairly trivial undertaking), and recompiling.  All my proposal does is lower the [inconvenience barrier]( to making that change. My proposal is actually extremely modest.  In truth, its primary impact wouldn't be lowering the (already fairly low) inconvenience barrier to changing the limit, but eliminating the ["psychological barrier"]( that's based on a misguided belief in Core's authority over what Bitcoin is. 
EDIT: Note that I'm not suggesting that they stop *recommending* a particular blocksize limit. They can even argue vociferously that any blocksize limit above 1-MB would be incredibly dangerous.  My proposal is simply a way for them to acknowledge that it's not ultimately up to them, that all they can do on this issue (or any other) is make recommendations that the market is free to accept or reject.  (Now that point *should* be obvious to everyone who truly understands Bitcoin's decentralized nature, but sadly there seem to be many who haven't yet grasped it.)
@_date: 2016-01-29 02:37:41
Look at the context.  Satoshi was pretty obviously talking about the hassles of dealing with alternative implementations, i.e. two code bases that are attempting to produce *identical* behavior (but may diverge in the event that somebody screws up, thereby triggering an *unintentional* fork).  An *intentional* fork to effect a desired rule change is completely different.  


@_date: 2016-01-20 16:33:23


"All of society" doesn't really lose 2-3% of its wealth to inflation. Inflation effects a *transfer* of wealth from inflation losers to inflation winners through Cantillon effects. (There is almost certainly a deadweight loss to society from the distortions and inefficiencies that inflation introduces, but that number isn't likely to be the same as the inflation rate.)
@_date: 2016-01-21 22:10:04


Well, my *preferred implementation* is currently Bitcoin Unlimited. (Again, I see the sort of "unbundling" it facilitates as inevitable and healthy.)


Of course.  As of *right now*, Core is still the dominant implementation. But should it cease to be the dominant implementation at some point in the future, it would still be misguided to describe that as a "coup d'etat." (The "power" would still reside in exactly the same place before and after the switch).  I think that language is *particularly* misguided when the implementation that replaces it will likely consist of 99% Core-originated code.


My team is the Boston Celtics. I'm pretty sure they weren't involved.


Maybe I really should cut back on my drinking.  :)
@_date: 2016-01-21 22:13:20


Nobody's getting "fired" because Bitcoin doesn't have any employees.  I think a better analogy might be that developers are "independent contractors."  Every code offering (and indeed, every logically separable element of a code offering) is a separate "bid" that the market can either accept or reject.  


Of course, but I think that's a [silly comparison](


Agreed.  In the short-term the choice between Core and Classic doesn't really matter (so not sure why some people are getting so worked up about it).  If and when the market really wants larger blocks (e.g., because rising transaction fees start to really bite), it'll get them.
@_date: 2016-01-22 22:28:26
I don't have any idea what Bitcoin's price will do in the short or medium term.  I *think* that it has a good chance of performing very well over the long-term (and have invested accordingly), but there are no guarantees.  It should still be considered an experiment, and you should be mentally prepared for the possibility that you will lose 100% of any money you invest. That said, I do recommend investing some of your time to really understand Bitcoin and why some of us are so excited about its potential.  ([Here]( are my big-picture thoughts on Bitcoin's value proposition.) If you do decide that you want to buy some as an investment after doing your research, one option to consider is spreading out your initial buy over a period of weeks. (E.g., if you want to invest X dollars, buy X/12 worth every week for twelve weeks.) Here's a little to play around with as you're getting started.  $1 Feel free to PM me with any questions.
@_date: 2014-05-30 12:41:27
You know, it's not even necessarily a "strong incentive." It's just the appropriate, market-determined incentive. A fixed-supply currency allows money to communicate information regarding the current opportunity cost of present consumption. Resources that are devoted to satisfying consumption today can't *also* be used to increase future productive capacity (which would have enabled greater consumption tomorrow).
@_date: 2016-01-22 04:51:19


What??? I was the one who took issue with *your* suggestion that  forking Core's code to raise the block size limit was the equivalent of "firing" them (because as I said, Bitcoin doesn't have employees).  I did analogize them to "independent contractors" which does suggest that they "work for Bitcoin" in a sense.  But that doesn't seem particularly controversial.  Presumably their goal in putting out Core releases is to promote the interests of the Bitcoin ecosystem, no? What other goal could they have? I'm assuming they're not just writing code because they love writing code but that they also hope that people will actually use it.  


Of course. I don't think there's any disagreement about the *mechanics* of forking or who controls what repo. I took issue with the suggestion that exercising our ability to fork the code and "only" using 99% of what Core is offering is the equivalent of a "coup" / "firing" them. 


Someone built the original version, but they obviously don't have any ability to prevent others from modifying it.  That's the whole idea of open source.  Core can put out whatever new releases they want, and people can choose to run them or not, and modify them or not.  They do have "leverage" over the ecosystem because, as the still-dominant implementation, their releases are a very convenient Schelling point around which consensus may form.  And many people have a lot of respect for their opinions such that their suggestions will receive a certain amount of deference.  But that deference isn't unlimited (nor would we want it to be). 


Again, I think this is a crazy analogy.  You seem to think that the market has only two choices: either accept 100% of the code that Core puts out or "fire" them and lose the benefit of their talents entirely. It's like Core dev is a monopoly cable company and the only way to get ESPN (which you want) is to buy this bloated package that also includes Animal Planet and Disney Jr. (which you have no interest in).  That's not how open source software works.  We can take the parts we like and pass on the parts we don't.  I'm assuming these guys aren't egomaniacs who are going to rage-quit Bitcoin just because they can't dictate every single aspect of consensus code to the market.   And if a single development team *could* dictate every aspect of consensus code to the market, then Bitcoin wouldn't be decentralized (or worth any of our time).
@_date: 2017-03-07 13:45:04
In that scenario, I'd expect most economically-rational investors to continue following (and valuing) the chain respecting the current issuance schedule. This would cause a chain split allowing coins using the existing rule set to be traded against the inflationary coins. If (as I expect) the market valued the minority hash power / current issuance schedule chain more than the majority hash power / inflationary chain, the former would quickly *become* the longest chain (because hash power ultimately follows price), thereby wiping out the latter chain (assuming those following the inflationary chain didn't add in a more restrictive / "soft fork" element to allow it to persist indefinitely as a minority chain). I see this scenario as pretty unlikely however because the action in question is so obviously malicious. And a malicious hash power majority could easily do far more damage with a malicious soft fork / "51% attack." (Unlike intentionally-malicious or dangerously-stupid hard forks, malicious soft forks can't simply be ignored by people who don't want to follow them; instead those people face the daunting task of coordinating their own "counter fork" to avoid being swept along with the rule change -- daunting because the coordination cost is non-trivial.)
Edit: to answer your question about who gets to be called "Bitcoin" in the event of a persistent split. Language, not unlike Bitcoin itself, is a decentralized protocol that belongs to its users. People are free to call whatever chain they want "the real Bitcoin," but my guess is that most people will continue to use "Bitcoin" to refer to the economically-dominant version of the ledger. So if you refer to something else as "Bitcoin," you'll most likely find yourself on a linguistic minority chain.
@_date: 2016-01-02 10:28:26
Yes, it's amazing to me how many people compare Bitcoin's on-blockchain throughput capacity with the transactional processing capacity of the VISA network without realizing how ridiculously apples-to-oranges that comparison is.  But I don't fully agree with claim that "this [presumably, how much Bitcoin can scale] doesn't matter."  More thoughts [here](
@_date: 2016-01-14 20:55:27
Good point. I agree that the dominance of large miners / pools has a strongly mitigating effect on the collective action problem I was talking about.
@_date: 2016-01-22 00:29:40


Wait, they're not just employees anymore? The Core devs are now the "board of directors" not just for their own implementation, but for Bitcoin as a whole? Sorry, I don't see it. I'll stick with my independent contractor analogy.  They're not the "board of directors" because Bitcoin's actual governance mechanism is the code people choose to run.


Nobody's getting "demoted" for the same reason that nobody's getting fired. But no, I don't think that any development team should expect that every single proposal they put forward is going to get rubber-stamped by the market. And again, the "unbundling" of a team's code offerings from its attempted consensus setting was always inevitable.  It shouldn't come as a big surprise to anyone nor should it be seen as some huge slap in the face if the market makes a determination on the block size limit that's different from Core's recommended setting.


Well, that wasn't really the TLDR so much as one of the points.  But I do think it's an important point.  Larger blocks have obvious benefits (more throughput).  To the extent they also have costs (threats to decentralization), those costs need to be weighed against the benefits.  That kind of economic calculation seems like the kind of thing that's best suited for a decentralized approach.  


Well, it is "artificially limiting" in one sense, but it may not be "artificially limiting" in another sense if there isn't yet 2-4MB worth of actual transactional demand.  But obviously, the block size limit is something that the market will continually reevaluate as conditions change (e.g., as transactional demand increases).


Well, maybe.  But to the extent that an "artificial limit" IS needed, obviously we have to trust the market to impose it and set it appropriately.  There's no other choice.  Ultimately it's the market that's in control, not any particular team of developers.  


Well, maybe. That's ultimately for the market to decide.  And I don't see any reason to expect any developers to quit working on Bitcoin just because the market adopts "only" 99% of what they offer.


I haven't looked into Classic that closely, but I thought it was just going to be a simple fork of Core?  So it's really just Core_2MB. I don't see how that's "frightening" or a "sick joke."  It's just a way of unbundling aspects of Core that the market likes from aspects it doesn't like (assuming, of course, that it actually becomes the dominant implementation).
@_date: 2016-01-21 23:23:29


The problem is people are using the word "consensus" in two very different ways.  Imagine five guys driving down the road and arguing over where to stop for lunch.  They're approaching an intersection.  If they turn left, there's a restaurant a few miles down that way that two people in the car want to go to.  If they turn right, there's another restaurant a few miles that way that's also championed by two people.  Finally, if they keep going straight there's a third restaurant that the last guy sitting way in the back wants to go to.  He says, "Well, sadly, it looks like we're not going to be able to achieve 'overwhelming consensus' on a 'hard turn' to the left or the right. And we obviously don't want to make a 'contentious turn' and risk a 'catastrophic consensus failure.' I mean, if we all tried to go to different restaurants we might get lost or murdered or something. So... best just to stay on the current road and go where I want go."  The driver puts on his blinker and says, "shut up, I'm driving the car to the Mexican place on the left.  If anybody wants to walk somewhere else, I'll pull over right now and let them out." Of course, nobody does.  The guy in the driver seat in this analogy is the "economic majority," and the car is the network effect (it's in everyone's best interest to stay in the car even if the destination isn't their first choice).  "Staying in the car" (abiding by the same set of compatible rules / agreeing on an identical ledger history) is how Bitcoin "consensus" actually works.  Thus, it's incredibly misguided to say that we need "overwhelming" (or God-forbid, unanimous) "consensus" *before* effecting a hard fork.  A hard fork *will produce* "overwhelming consensus."  Having said that, there does appear to be a strong ["hard fork conservatism"]( among miners. (They're only willing to attempt to trigger a hard fork as part of a large supermajority.)  I think *some* level of "hard fork conservatism" is probably healthy, but I think the current level is probably excessive and based on many people's failure to appreciate [how strong the incentives toward convergence on a single ledger are](  A persistent fork (with both chains having non-trivial market share) is very unlikely.  
@_date: 2016-01-22 20:44:03


Well, nothing about Bitcoin *is* "set in stone." But Bitcoin isn't a "democracy." It's voluntary / consensus-based. People are free to run whatever version of the software they want and value whatever version of the ledger they choose. Of course, as a practical matter, the overwhelming importance of network effects strongly incentivizes people to agree on a single set of rules / single version of the ledger. But the direction of Bitcoin (i.e., the economically dominant version of the rules / ledger) is a product of "market rule" rather than "mob rule." Developers who have proven themselves to be valuable contributors to the ecosystem can exercise more influence over Bitcoin's direction than most, but they cannot steer it.
@_date: 2016-01-21 20:10:04
A "coup d'etat"? I didn't realize Bitcoin had rulers.  Developers offer code to the ecosystem.  People choose to either run it as is, reject it entirely, or take the parts they like and modify the parts they don't. It was always inevitable that Core's code offerings would be unbundled from their (attempts) at consensus setting, particularly with respect to a highly-controversial economic parameter like the block size limit.  If the network adopts 99% of Core's proffered code but decides to pass on their suggested block size limit, that doesn't mean they've been "overthrown" (they were in never in charge to begin with), nor does it mean that they can't continue to contribute.
@_date: 2016-01-21 22:17:19
Not in any conventional sense of the word. People are free to run whatever version of the software they want and value whatever version of the ledger they choose.  Of course, as a practical matter, the overwhelming importance of network effects strongly incentivizes people to agree on a single set of rules / single version of the ledger.  It's also true as a practical matter that some people can exercise more influence over the [direction of the herd]( than others (e.g., CEOs of major Bitcoin-related companies, lead developers of major Bitcoin implementations, large miners, large investors, etc.), but I don't think that means there are "rulers."
@_date: 2016-06-29 15:13:56
I have some thoughts on this issue [here]( that you might be interested in.
@_date: 2016-06-04 04:23:51
Well, when a money is losing value over time, that would seem to hurt lenders.  When a money is appreciating in value, that would seem to hurt borrowers.  But in either case, that's obviously something that both parties can take into account when deciding whether to lend / borrow, and expectations about inflation / deflation are going to factor into the agreed-upon interest rate.  So I don't see how moving to a fixed-supply money makes things worse in that respect.


Keep in mind that there are two very different kinds of "deflation."  An economy can experience a general decline in prices either because economic output is increasing (the same amount of money is now chasing more goods) or because the money supply is shrinking (less money is now chasing the same amount of goods).   The former situation obviously implies that the economy is doing well.  In contrast, the latter is frequently the opposite-and-equal type reaction to a prior inflation caused by the artificial expansion of credit. [Fear the boom not the bust.](


Well, sure you can never make perfect predictions about the future. That's true now. If you're a bank, you don't know if the economy is going to tank tomorrow and your borrower is going to lose his job or if inflation is going to be higher than expected meaning that your loan will be repaid in devalued dollars. But to me, making these kinds of predictions should, if anything, be easier in an economy that used a fixed-supply money.  That's one variable you no longer have to make guesses about.  You shouldn't have to guess where the Fed is going to set interest rates tomorrow in addition to having to guess what the economy is going to do.  
@_date: 2016-06-03 15:53:42


I'd argue that a fixed supply money (like Bitcoin) is actually exactly what you want.  Consider the following argument:




@_date: 2016-06-16 17:54:15


It seems to me that people are conflating [two very different kinds of "consensus."](


I'd say that *in practice*, the longest (highest-PoW) chain is an *extremely* powerful Schelling point that the market will *almost* always converge on, but one can of course imagine exceptions. More in-depth thoughts [here]( 
@_date: 2016-06-30 07:17:45
Here's my standard explanation for why I believe Bitcoin to be so revolutionary and important.
The reason it's so hard for most people to understand Bitcoin is that most people don't really understand *money*. Money isn't wealth. It's an accounting system to facilitate the exchange of wealth. (The paradox of money is that while everyone wants it, no one *actually* wants it - they want the stuff they can buy with it!) Many people are put off by the fact that bitcoins are "just data." But that's what ALL money is, information! More precisely, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person's wants or needs). 
To put it yet another way, money is a ledger. With fiat currencies like the dollar, that ledger is centralized. And that gives the central authority responsible for maintaining that ledger tremendous power, power that history has proven will inevitably be abused. With Bitcoin, the ledger is *de*centralized. And that means that no one individual or entity has the power to arbitrarily create new units (thereby causing inflation), freeze (or seize) your account, or block a particular payment from being processed. We've had decentralized money before. After all, no one can simply print new gold into existence. And the "ledger" of gold is distributed because the physical gold itself (the "accounting entries" in the metaphor) is distributed. But with gold, that decentralization comes at a heavy price (literally). The physical nature of gold makes it hugely inefficient from a transactional perspective. 
Enter Bitcoin.
 It is the first currency in the world that is both decentralized AND digital. It is more reliably scarce than gold, more transactionally efficient than "modern" digital banking, and enables greater financial privacy than cash. It could certainly still fail for one reason or another, but if it doesn't, it has the potential to be very, VERY disruptive.
@_date: 2017-08-20 17:35:55
Bingo. Highly, highly recommend that everyone read this article by Daniel Krawisz: [How to Face Bitcoin Forks](  
Bitcoin is permissionless. Competition is unavoidable. People will always be free to spin up their own competitive "alt-coins" with completely new ledgers *OR* to offer forks of the main Bitcoin ledger. As a Bitcoin holder, I *infinitely* prefer (and welcome) the latter! once pointed out that Bitcoin isn't just competing with gold or fiat currencies but rather with the best possible version of itself. We're now starting to see that play out in a very literal sense.  
It should also be noted that while it's trivial for anyone who's so inclined to spin up as many forks as they like, it's much, much harder to convince others to actually value and use a particular fork. Minority forks are only likely to enjoy any significant level of market success in the rare situation where they act as a Schelling point for one side of a serious controversy (a prediction that certainly seems to be confirmed by what we've actually observed in the cryptocurrency space over the past 8-plus years).
@_date: 2016-06-29 17:56:39






[Here's my take on the "strong consensus" position.]( (Forgive some of the tone. You know how it is when you're on friendly territory.)


I really don't think so.  The LN might ultimately prove to be very useful, but the way I see things, the LN (and other "layer two" solutions) simply *cannot* eliminate the need for on-chain scaling.
@_date: 2016-06-29 17:21:10


People have been pointing out the need to raise the blocksize limit for literally years. 


I think one of the main takeaways from that cluster fuck is the advantage of the KISS approach.  That means prioritizing a simple hardfork to raise the block size limit over the klugey, economics-changing mess that is segwit as a softfork. Seriously, comments like [this]( do not inspire confidence.  
@_date: 2016-06-30 07:33:36


Well, the gold example obviously shows the failure of an IOU / trust-based model.  But you're absolutely right that Bitcoin should enable improved IOU / banking models.  I said as much in one of the linked comments:


But the fact that there may be less risk / downside with Bitcoin banking layers (compared to gold banking layers) doesn't mean that there's *no* risk / downside.  Also, I don't necessarily have a problem with layer two solutions! Or with people accepting Bitcoin IOUs as money -- as long as that's what the market decides on.  There's almost certainly always going to be a balance between on-chain and off-chain solutions.  Related thoughts [here](


Sorry to just link to other comments but I think these two summarize my position pretty well: [1]( and [2](
@_date: 2016-01-26 23:27:39
Even better than your proposed Move 1 - just make the block size limit user configurable.  Stop trying to spoon-feed / force-feed consensus on a controversial economic parameter.  Make the current limit the default setting and [trust the emergent process of the market to raise (or lower) that limit as appropriate](  (In the end, that's what the market will ultimately do anyways. So why not save yourselves a needless headache?)
@_date: 2016-01-15 06:23:24


We're certainly trying. But unfortunately reddit makes it extremely difficult to oust a head mod.
@_date: 2017-01-17 18:52:44
The address isn't actually a palindrome.  It only starts with 1234 and ends with 4321:
@_date: 2016-06-30 16:10:33
Sure, "money is a store of a value" in the sense that "store of value" is one of the three traditional functions of money (along with "medium of exchange" and "unit of account"). But the point of describing money as an "accounting ledger for keeping track of value given but not yet received" is to focus on what's really going on, to explain *why* a system of money-mediated exchange works.  Quoting Bastiat:




Also I'd strongly recommend reading [this piece]( by Daniel Krawisz.
@_date: 2016-06-29 15:18:55
The LN might prove to be very useful, but it simply can't eliminate the need for actual (i.e., on-chain) scaling.
@_date: 2017-08-20 19:50:51
Yeah, that's not something I'm too worried about.  "Unplanned and sloppy forks" are unlikely to gain any significant level of market support.  Again, just as a general principle, economically-meaningful persistent splits are almost certainly going to continue to be the rare exception.  It'd be nice if those attempting to create  a minority hash rate chain would incorporate built-in replay protection to make separating one's holdings into separate wallets easier. But there's no guarantee that they will. That's just the reality of a permissionless system.  Fortunately, you don't ultimately need "replay protection" to separate your holdings even if neither side of a split implements any form of it. (Although my guess would be that usually at least one side of a split will implement at least some form of "opt-in" replay protection.)
@_date: 2016-06-30 06:10:21


Well, it's not so much that Bitcoin was "designed" to fork; it's that Bitcoin, by its very nature as an open-source project, can be forked at any time by anyone. Having said, [I've also argued in the past that]( in one sense, there are no "forks" because there is no "real" (objective / hard-and-fast) protocol, only provisional and shifting Schelling points.  The 1-MB "limit" is a Schelling point that's currently benefiting from being the status quo (always a strong Schelling point) and from being the Core-recommended setting (a strong Schelling point based on the perceived "authority" of that particular group of developers). I certainly don't expect it to hold forever.  But I think second point is correct -- "being so fork averse is potentially very damaging to the future and usefulness of btc."  In other words, [the "strong consensus" position is misguided](


Agreed, but I hope you're not implying that an increase in the block size limit *necessarily* involves a tradeoff between "decentralization / censorship resistance" and on-chain throughput.  Related thoughts [here](
@_date: 2016-06-29 15:33:32


Some thoughts on this argument [here](
@_date: 2017-08-22 20:13:35


An artificial constraint on transactional capacity is a form of *self censorship*. You might be convinced that we need *some* artificial, "consensus-rule" type limit on transactional capacity (because you don't think that a natural limit exists -- or would be sufficient), but obviously at some point such a limit becomes counterproductive. Obviously if the block size limit were 1 kb today instead of 1 MB, allowing for perhaps one non-coinbase transaction per block, Bitcoin would be completely unusable.  And obviously if we kept the base block size limit at 1 MB indefinitely while attempting to reach truly global levels of adoption, the system would break down long before we got there. (At 3 tps, it would take the world's 7 billion people about **75 years**(!) to each make a single on-chain transaction.  Good luck opening a Lightning channel in that scenario!) 


You have half a point there. Bitcoin's most important use cases today aren't particularly fee sensitive (and certainly don't include general retail payments). But that doesn't change the fact that *all* use cases are harmed by the introduction of unnecessary friction. If you're someone who's buying 50 dollars’ worth of Bitcoin as a long-term speculative investment, paying a two-dollar fee to transfer the funds to your own wallet is an immediate 4% "tax" on your investment (and if fees hit $5/tx, that becomes a 10% tax). That's not trivial. Now some might scoff and say that 50 bucks isn't an "investment"-sized purchase, but for many people it absolutely is. And of course there are other people who might be doing 50-dollar weekly buys which they want to immediately transfer to their own wallet (because isn't avoiding counterparty risk sort of the whole point?). And obviously any use cases *other* than long-term speculation are going to be harmed even more by high fees as those use cases will almost certainly involve smaller and more frequent transactions. 
There’s also harm to Bitcoin’s “virality” as it becomes increasingly impractical for people to casually share a few bits with friends or acquaintances (something I used to really enjoy doing), and for new users to play around with and gain confidence in the technology by sending actual transactions. To me, setting up different kinds of wallets--brain, paper, phone, desktop--and actually using the Bitcoin network and verifying for yourself that this crazy and (to new users especially, intimidating) technology actually works is an essential "rite of passage" in becoming a "Bitcoiner." And we've allowed that to become prohibitively expensive at a time when we should be seeking to grow aggressively. That is madness. 


So-called "second layer solutions" will certainly have their place, but they're obviously not a cure-all (see the 7 billion people example above).  Furthermore, when you move transactions to a second layer you have, *by definition*, added another layer of risk. And that risk increases the more the base layer is artificially constrained. (The smaller the base, the more precarious the structures built on top of it. For example, the LN suffers from what I call the "fractional-teller banking" problem.) 


No, of course not. The real question is one of the *tradeoffs* involved. At what point (if any) do the obvious benefits of allowing for increased on-chain capacity begin to be outweighed by the costs of doing so? That's the limit the network should presumably target. And that's going to be a shifting target as conditions change, e.g., as technology improves.
@_date: 2016-01-21 07:06:19


Bitcoin is an open-source project.  No one gets "fired" because Bitcoin has no employees.  I think it's better to conceptualize Bitcoin developers as "independent contractors."  Every code offering is a "bid" that Bitcoin / "the market" is free to either accept or reject. Just because the market decides to reject a certain development team's suggested blocksize limit doesn't mean their contributions aren't valued or they can no longer contribute to the Bitcoin project.  Moreover, from my perspective, one of the greatest threats to "decentralization" that Bitcoin is currently facing is an "implementation monoculture" that's effectively giving too much power to a single team of developers (e.g., allowing them to unilaterally set a controversial economic parameter).  Anyone who truly values decentralization should welcome competing development teams and implementations. 
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:34:46
Well, Bitcoin is either resilient or anti-fragile enough to withstand such attacks or it's not.  But if you're suggesting that Bitcoin's survival depends on people doing something other than acting in their own self interest, I think we're in trouble.  It sounds like you're worried about malicious actors attempting to *inflate the price* of a chain while also *undermining its value* (by undermining that chain's key monetary property of decentralization). Well maybe certain parties will attempt such an attack (or are already attempting it). But that's going to cost them resources. And if you can confidently identify that attack, you can profit from it, taking resources away from the bad actors and increasing the resources that you have to support a chain that *does* preserve Bitcoin's value proposition.  And for those who *aren't* confident in their ability to identify such an attack, and don't know which side of a chain split to support, well they can do as Krawisz suggests and sit on the sidelines.  
@_date: 2017-08-20 19:57:01
But I think he'd be fine with that! In that case, you can sell off your stake in the "illegitimate" chain (that you presumably think is doomed to fail) for a larger stake in the "legtimate" and, in your view, likely-to-succeed chain.  This dynamic provides Bitcoin with an evolutionary, survival-of-the-fittest benefit where the people who prove themselves best at identifying the successful path gain increased influence over future decisions regarding direction.  And those who prove themselves to be poor at this task lose money and influence.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 17:21:18


Yes, *of course* Bitcoin needs to scale if our goal is global adoption (or anything even close to it). At 3tps, it would take the world's 7 billion people about 75 years(!) to make a single on-chain transaction each. (Good luck opening a Lightning Channel in that scenario.) Also consider that an arbitrary constraint on transactional capacity is a form of *self censorship*.  


Agreed 100%. The most important use case today BY FAR is speculation, and thankfully it's not a terribly fee-sensitive one, which suggests that the current capacity constraint might not be doing *that* much damage *yet*, while the total amount of transactional demand is still relatively small. But that doesn't change the fact that *all* use cases are harmed by the introduction of unnecessary friction. If you're someone who's buying 50 dollars’ worth of Bitcoin as a long-term speculative investment, paying a two-dollar fee to transfer the funds to your own wallet is an immediate 4% "tax" on your investment. That's not trivial. Now some might scoff and say that 50 bucks isn't an "investment"-sized purchase, but for many people it absolutely is. And of course there are other people who might be doing 50-dollar weekly buys which they want to immediately transfer to their own wallet (because isn't avoiding counterparty risk sort of the whole point?). And obviously any use cases *other* than long-term speculation are going to be harmed even more by high fees as those use cases will almost certainly involve smaller and more frequent transactions. 
There’s also harm to Bitcoin’s “virality” as it becomes increasingly impractical for people to casually share a few bits with friends or acquaintances, and for new users to play around with and gain confidence in the technology by sending actual transactions. To me, setting up different kinds of wallets--brain, paper, phone, desktop--and actually using the Bitcoin network and verifying for yourself that this crazy and (to new users especially, intimidating) technology actually works is an essential "rite of passage" in becoming a "Bitcoiner." And we've allowed that to become prohibitively expensive at a time when we should be seeking to grow aggressively. That is madness. 


Yes, gold IS "broken." Gold's high transactional friction is its fatal flaw which led to ever-greater reliance on "second layer solutions" (aka "banking") and is what allowed gold to be successfully demonetized by fiat.  And Bitcoin isn't just competing with gold or fiat currencies; instead, it's competing with the best possible version of itself.
@_date: 2016-06-03 16:10:54
Value is of course subjective.  But the reason that people value some forms of money over others isn't arbitrary.  There are very good reasons for valuing that $100 bill.  In short, you're confident that you'd very easily be able to trade it to someone else for something you actually want.  With respect to a short-term time horizon, the dollar is actually pretty great money.  True, it's losing value over time but--again from a short-term perspective--not that quickly.  (If I pay you with a $100 bill today and you spend it in a month, you can reasonably expect that its purchasing power at that time will be more or less the same as it is today.) The dollar is also transactionally convenient and enables fast and relatively-inexpensive payments.  Finally, and most importantly, the dollar's network effect is huge.  It's accepted almost universally around the world.  And, at least in the short-term, that is by far the most important determinant of what gets used as money.  Some related thoughts [here]( if you're interested.
@_date: 2015-07-02 13:15:05
OP never mentioned his age. If he says he's from Ancient Greece, I'm not going to question him.
@_date: 2015-07-21 18:09:26


I think I may have already made some of these points, but again, I’d argue that Bitcoin *isn't* slower than fiat if you're talking about a true apples-to-apples comparison. Bitcoin the blockchain is a trustless *settlement* network. Payments become effectively irreversible in less than an hour. In contrast, a credit card payment doesn't become final and irreversible for months. And for that matter, there's no reason that you couldn't have credit cards where the payments were denominated in Bitcoin rather than dollars. You can certainly build a banking / credit / IOU layer on top of Bitcoin, just as there exists such a network for fiat. The difference is that with fiat, it's IOUs all the way down. There's no trustless, reliably-scarce monetary base at the bottom.  (So yes, it’s true that when you use off-chain solutions, you sacrifice *some* of Bitcoin’s benefits, but not all of them.)  Similarly, I don’t think that Bitcoin is more expensive than fiat if you compare the right things. One of the primary purposes of Bitcoin’s computationally-intensive design is to secure the reliable scarcity of the money supply. How is the fiat money supply kept (relatively) scarce? Through police, courts, taxes, anti-counterfeiting measures, a heavily-regulated banking industry, etc. That entire apparatus isn’t cheap.  And yet, the supply of fiat is still *not* reliably constrained, [but instead grows exponentially](  From my perspective, that’s a huge expense in its own right.


Well, I don’t see how blockchain transactions *that include an appropriate fee* have gotten *slower*.  (Blocks are still created about once every ten minutes after all.) But they may have become slightly more expensive (although I’d argue they’re still “cheap”).  But frankly, I’ve never been one to argue that Bitcoin’s real value proposition is cheap (or fast) payments. And I’d agree with this analysis from saibog45:




-- I think it’s an open question how cheap on-blockchain transactions will be as the network attempts to scale to cope with increased usage.  I *hope* that Bitcoin will scale well such that trustless, on-blockchain transactions remain relatively cheap, but I certainly don’t think that’s guaranteed.  


I think there’s certainly some status quo bias, but I see that mostly as a good thing as it provides some stability and avoids reckless, untested changes. I guess I’m more confident in “the economic majority” / competition from altcoins to steer Bitcoin in ways that improve it. (And I’m guessing I’m also much LESS confident than you in the steering ability of the central authorities for the current global financial system.)  I think the reason that we haven’t yet seen a block size limit increase is that we’re not *really* butting up against the current 1 MB block limit, so it’s all still somewhat academic.  Sure, some blocks have been full or almost full but that’s only because transactions are still so cheap that there’s very little reason to economize.  When fee increases start to really bite, or when an alt-ledger with a larger transaction capacity begins to steal serious market share from Bitcoin as a result, I expect that we’ll see consensus on some kind of an increase emerge very quickly. 


I don’t think Bitcoin’s price instability is a result of its lack of a central authority.  The difference between Bitcoin and the dollar today is like the difference between a life raft and an ocean liner.  The reason you don’t feel the waves on the ocean liner is not the skilled captain at the helm but because it’s so damn big.  In other words, it’s not that Bitcoin is “too volatile to be money;” it’s that it’s not money enough to be not volatile.  The purchasing power of the dollar is relatively stable because of the anchoring effect of billions of dollar-denominated prices and because it’s relatively easy to predict how big the “U.S. dollar network” will be next month or next year (i.e. you can be reasonably confident it will be pretty much the same size it is now).  With Bitcoin, such predictions are MUCH harder.  You’ve got wildly divergent opinions about how fast (and whether) adoption will occur, how big Bitcoin will eventually get, and how probable each scenario is.  Some people think it will take over the world.   Some think it will crash to zero.  Volatility is thus unavoidable now, but if Bitcoin ends up succeeding, I can’t see how the volatility won’t decrease.


But that’s exactly what it means!  And that’s true *even if* that person is the would-be seller who decides not to sell based on his inability to get the price he wants.  
@_date: 2015-07-06 13:55:18
Central Banking is the One Ring.  The monopoly power to create money out of thin air is simply too great to be wielded by any one individual or entity without corrupting them.  Bitcoin is a plan to cast the One Ring into Mount Doom and finally destroy it.  
@_date: 2015-07-17 17:56:41
Ok, so technically the comma after "dumb" should have been a semicolon and "cunt" isn't capitalized. Big deal. You grammar Nazis are the worst.
@_date: 2015-07-11 16:28:08


 I *always* talk Bitcoin to the people I sit next to on flights. The best thing about it, they're a captive audience.  It usually goes over [really well]( 
@_date: 2015-07-28 13:07:30


What you seem to be missing is that Bitcoiners don't really want fiat.  Of course, they don't really want Bitcoin either.  They want useful goods and services.  The entire purpose of holding Bitcoin--or any other form of money--is to allow you, at some time in the future, to trade that money for those things that you actually want.  Whether or not people who are ready to access the stored value represented by their bitcoins will do so by trading them *directly* for goods and services, or by going through the intermediate step of first trading them for fiat, doesn't really matter.  It will likely depend on which is more convenient at the time, which will in turn depend on how widely-adopted Bitcoin has become / how much progress it has made towards becoming a transactional currency.
@_date: 2015-07-01 22:53:14


True, but I don't see that as a particularly significant disadvantage.  Internet connectivity is only going to become more ubiquitous.  To the extent that there is a non-trivial demand for a no-Internet-required money, then sure, something else will have to fill in for those niche use cases (e.g., Bitcoin-backed physical notes from a trusted issuer). And if you're worried about the Internet going down permanently, well then I think you're talking about a Zombie Apocalypse-type scenario.  Bitcoin admittedly won't be much use to you if that occurs, but I'm not sure physical gold will be all *that* much more useful.  Having said that, it probably doesn't hurt to keep a little gold on hand just in case, along with your canned goods and common caliber ammunition.


Ok, but I'm not sure we're really talking about "counter party risk," are we?  I think of counter party risk in terms of the requirement to trust a central authority.  You can't send digital fiat without trusting an intermediary (a bank, PayPal, Western Union, etc.) to properly effectuate the transfer and you can't store fiat (digital or physical) without trusting the central bank not to destroy its purchasing power through money printing.  I was thinking more in terms of "systemic risk."  With Bitcoin, that's the risk that, e.g., the crypography underlying it breaks suddenly in a manner that makes it impossible to preserve the ledger.  With gold, that's the risk that it suddenly becomes dramatically cheaper to mine / create new gold (e.g., asteroid mining becomes feasible).


Of course. Gold has a several thousand year head start at gaining people's trust. But it seems to me that trust in Bitcoin should increase with every year that passes without Bitcoin failing. And again, Bitcoin has many undeniable advantages over gold in a number of areas. So it's not unthinkable to me that Bitcoin will be able to steal a significant chunk of gold's market share over the next 5-20 years.  
@_date: 2015-07-16 19:44:54


Yeah, but to me that claim is inflammatory and misleading. I'd argue that it *doesn't* act like a pyramid scheme *in the ways that count.* "Hey, I didn't say you *were* a Nazi. I just said you acted like one, in that Hitler was also a vegetarian."


Well, they're enriched *if* the market valuation for Bitcoin has increased above their purchasing price. If the purchasing power of a Bitcoin has declined (see, e.g., the better part of the past 18 months), then they've lost wealth. That's how commodity speculation works. If you identify an undervalued asset and correctly predict that its value will increase, you can profit from that insight. But I guess I'm a little leery of your language where you state that they're enriched "via the pockets of latecomers," because to me that sounds like you're suggesting it's a zero-sum game. When you sell your bitcoins to a new investor, presumably he's willing to buy them from you for an agreed-upon price because he values the bitcoins more than the fiat he's exchanging. And you're willing to trade for the exact opposite reason, so both parties expect to benefit.


I don't entirely disagree. But I think there's a pretty important distinction between the two scenarios. In a pyramid scheme, your ability to profit is entirely dependent on your ability to lure people in beneath you. And ultimately someone is going to get screwed over when the scheme collapses. With Bitcoin, sure, you'd obviously like to see greater adoption, but in the individual case, the motivation to "lure in" new people is pretty friggin' attenuated. I suppose if I could convince my neighbor Bob to buy fifty bucks or a thousand bucks of Bitcoin, that would theoretically make my coins worth an additional fraction of a penny, but that's not gonna get me to go over and knock on his door. (Plus, the dude is kind of a dick so I don't really want him on this rocket ship with me.) And so I think that people can exaggerate the extent to which most "Bitcoin evangelists" (even the most obnoxious, over-the-top ones) are driven by "greed." I think that ideological support for what they see Bitcoin as representing is at least equally important. And even where people who promote Bitcoin *are* driven by the desire to get rich, their promotion of Bitcoin is still usually in good faith. In other words, they really believe that the technology is the future and aren't trying to "screw over" / make "bag holders" out of the next wave of adopters.


Yeah, man, absolutely. I was really enjoying that conversation as well.
@_date: 2015-07-01 19:49:04
That was a joke, right? (And not a serious comment pretending to be a joke?)
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:17:23
The reason that fees are currently cheap is that there's not that much competition for the scarce resource of block space.  It's an open question as to how cheap trustless, on-blockchain transactions will be as Bitcoin is scaled up to cope with increased adoption.  Also, consider this argument (quoted from &gt;Blockchains aren't a particularly efficient way of keeping a ledger, since inherent in the design is a crap ton of redundancy, and that's not even counting resources invested in mining. For example, I could run a single node of a cryptocoin and run a centralized payments company with all the security of bitcoins cryptographic signatures, and people would just trust me to keep the ledger. That setup would be far cheaper than a blockchain equivalent with thousands or millions of nodes and X amount of energy invested in mining. If it's just a micropayments network, trust isn't that big a deal - it's not a huge risk to trust someone with your micropayments, because if they break that trust you don't lose much. That's the kind of role a company with a decent reputation could easily fill, and they could offer ridiculously cheap microtransactions, since the overhead would basically just be running one node (or a few, realistically speaking) with no need for mining.


Finally, note that this transaction utilizing a centralized service is *free*. 100 bits
edit: re-reading your comment, I'm actually not sure how much we disagree. I think your point sort of echoes the point made by in his second paragraph. But I think the point he makes in his first paragraph is also important.  I sincerely *hope* that Bitcoin is able to scale quickly in a way that keeps pace with increased adoption such that on-blockchain transactions remain relatively cheap, but only time will tell.
@_date: 2015-07-03 01:07:01
Relevant and excellent Bastiat quote on the nature of money:






@_date: 2015-07-16 01:45:19
Yep. And even cash is only decentralized with respect to value transfer.  Re: value storage, you're still subject to the whims of the central bank with respect to total supply.
@_date: 2015-07-13 22:28:41
Now, *that's* semantics.
@_date: 2015-07-13 17:25:37


There's a big difference between the two debates.  Bitcoin is not a democratic system.  It's a consensus-based system.  Ultimately, everyone can decide for themselves what the rules are.  Of course, *as a practical matter*, most will want to align themselves with the *economic* majority (whose judgment I happen to trust a lot more than the simple numerical majority of the electorate), but people can fork off if they really want to.


No, *trustlessness* is Bitcoin's real currency.  To the extent that "trust" is involved, the blocksize debate has *increased* my trust in Bitcoin's resilence.
@_date: 2015-07-28 13:26:14


Well, that’s not exactly the argument I want to make.  Satoshi was obviously reasonably confident in the scalability of Bitcoin proper.  I share that optimism but I’m still not convinced that Bitcoin the blockchain will scale to the point that it will be practical to use it to pay for your coffee (to use everyone’s favorite example).  But will it scale enough to allow the average person regular access to it?  E.g., will it be practical / affordable for the average person to make a few on-blockchain transactions per month? I certainly think *that’s* realistic.  But my larger point is that Bitcoin can still be tremendously successful / valuable even if a lot of day-to-day transactions occur “off-chain.”


Well, I think that Fedwire is certainly *more* analogous to Bitcoin the blockchain than a credit card payment network.  And yet note that no one is using Fedwire to pay for their coffee.  Which obviously means that “the dollar can’t scale!”  But seriously, sure, I would agree that a centralized settlement network “should be” (at least nominally) cheaper and faster, but from my perspective, centralization is itself a huge systemic cost.  


Borrowing from a previous comment of mine:


Without trying to answer all of those questions for Bitcoin, in short, I think that Bitcoin has a good chance of successfully fending off challenges from would-be rivals because I think that (a) the importance of the network effect when it comes to money is huge; and (b) Bitcoin is essentially infinitely adaptable.  The Bitcoin *protocol* can change completely while preserving continuity of the all-important Bitcoin *ledger*.


Ok, but Bitcoin has certainly come a long, long way in those six years – even if it still has a long, long way to go before it takes over the world.  How long will it take to go the rest of the way, assuming that it ever will?  Well, I don’t think anyone can really say for sure.  My own guess is that if Bitcoin is going to see mainstream adoption, that should certainly have become clear within the next ten years, and more realistically within the next five.  


I disagree. Even if all that were ever built on top of Bitcoin were a no-imagination-required recreation of the equivalent fiat structures (100% trust-required, centralized banking, 100% trust-required, centralized payment processing, etc.), I think that Bitcoin would still be providing a huge amount of utility simply by serving as a kind of digital gold (that’s superior to analog gold in almost every way).  But there’s no reason to expect that the application layers built on top of Bitcoin will be so limited.  Bitcoin is an open, extensible network that allows you to do things that simply wouldn’t be possible with fiat (e.g., provable reserves, multi-sig banking and escrow).


Scarcity *alone* doesn’t make something good money, but it’s absolutely one of the requirements.  Again, I would identify three requirements for good money: scarcity, transactional efficiency, and network effects (the final requirement being the most important in the short and medium term).  Altcoins can be just as good as Bitcoin with respect to the first two requirements, but they’re going to be hard-pressed to challenge its superior network effect for reasons already discussed.  


Inflation of the money supply isn’t the *only* factor that affects a currency’s purchasing power (and may even have relatively little explanatory power when talking about short-term exchange rate fluctuations), but, especially over the medium and long-term, the expansion of the money supply has a pretty undeniable effect.  


Yeah, but major currencies typically don’t see 100-fold increases in their purchasing power over the period of a year (or sudden 80-percent-plus crashes).  Bitcoin’s value will always fluctuate, but if it becomes a major world currency those fluctuations will of necessity be a lot less extreme than they are now.
Final thought: I think that Bitcoin’s fixed supply / deflationary nature is probably the crux of why we hold such differing views about Bitcoin’s importance / prospects for success.  I think that Bitcoin’s fixed supply is the lion’s share of its value proposition and, as a corollary, that fiat’s elastic supply is the largest of fiat’s fatal flaws.  Here’s a book that really informed my thinking on this subject in case you’re interested: [Paper Money Collapse](  
@_date: 2015-08-12 14:01:38
*Exactly* like that. Well, except for that whole "impossible to cheat" part. Banks do a pretty good job of preventing the average participant from cheating by moving the magnets around. But they allow for cheating *by the bank* (especially the central bank) through the arbitrary creation of new / "fake" magnets that are indistinguishable from the "real" magnets, i.e., the ones that are accurate records of actual favors performed and owed.
@_date: 2015-07-05 18:48:05


One is actually spelled one.  Now you've learned *to* things today! ;) 
@_date: 2015-07-15 20:43:47




His point is that the requirement to pay your taxes exclusively in fiat creates some baseline level of demand for fiat which helps to prop up its purchasing power.  Even if you were to attempt to barter for all your transactions and never touch dollars, the IRS would still consider you to owe them taxes (payable only in fiat) on your ["bartering income"](  More generally, here's a previous comment of mine where I look at why fiat has value.




Yeah, his whole "hey, money is already digital ha ha" comments were pretty obtuse.  Bitcoin isn't revolutionary because it's digital. He's right. The dollar is also (mostly) digital. No, Bitcoin is so revolutionary because it's the first form of money that is both digital AND decentralized.  More thoughts on Bitcoin's value proposition [here](
@_date: 2015-07-03 00:41:30
The inflation and financial censorship of fiat combined with the computational complexity and overhead of Bitcoin mining? Wow, sounds like a winner.
@_date: 2015-07-16 23:33:46
To repeat what I said in an earlier thread about this video, Krugman basically made three claims / arguments against Bitcoin, none of which I find to be particularly compelling.  First, he said you can't pay your taxes with Bitcoin.  Well, no, there's no large gang of armed thugs demanding extortion payable exclusively in Bitcoin.  But so what? You can't pay taxes with gold.  To me, his comments there smack of the stupid "intrinsic value" argument that fails to understand that money is simply an accounting system for keeping track of value given but not yet received.  It doesn't need a non-monetary use in order to perform that function.  Second, he said that "Bitcoin isn't looking too good" / "has sort of collapsed," presumably a reference to its recent price decline.  That strikes me as kind of an absurd claim and seems to reflect ignorance of Bitcoin's past "bubbles" / hype cycles.  It was over a thousand bucks a Bitcoin a year and a half ago and now it's around 300 bucks. And sure that sounds like a huge decline until you remember that three years ago bitcoins were trading for around 5 bucks a piece and five years ago they were trading for less than a penny.  And third he claimed (or pretended) not to understand Bitcoin's value proposition, focusing simply on the fact that Bitcoin is "digital," e.g.: 








That's asinine.  Of course, Bitcoin isn't revolutionary because it's digital. And he's right that the dollar is also (mostly) digital. But what makes [Bitcoin so revolutionary is the fact that it's the first form of money that is both digital AND decentralized, the first form of money that allows *trustless* value transfer and storage, the first form of money to combine the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely-digital medium.]( Of course, all of that was what he was glossing over with his snide: "There is a lot of libertarian ideology about it, so people were looking for something and they bought into it, literally bought into it for a while, but it has collapsed quite a ways."
@_date: 2015-07-24 11:57:06
That's not crazy. It might very well take that long.
@_date: 2015-07-01 20:15:19
You can't encrypt gold, can't make a backup of it (let alone an unlimited number of backups), can't instantly teleport it to the other side of the world, can't secretly carry significant quantities of it across a border. Its supply in the universe is not fixed or even guaranteed to remain reliably scarce (the difficulty of mining gold is not automatically adjusted in response to breakthroughs in mining technology). Gold is less divisible than Bitcoin, harder to conceal, and is far easier to convincingly counterfeit.
On the other hand, gold's network effect is still far larger than Bitcoin's, and gold is probably less likely to fail catastrophically in the short or medium term. Also, gold is shiny. And, as Peter Schiff once brilliantly observed, "you can turn gold into a spoon," but the same cannot be said for Bitcoin.
Yep, should make for an interesting matchup.
@_date: 2015-07-02 12:46:30
He said he's a non-native speaker. How is he supposed to know what Greeks are called in English? 
@_date: 2015-07-17 18:46:13
Let's not be too self-congratulatory here. I'm pretty sure the average caveman wouldn't have fallen for the fiat scam. "Thag happy take mammoth. Thag happy take spears. Thag always very happy take daughters. Thag not happy take little green things with ugly cave drawings."
@_date: 2015-07-16 17:09:25
See this comment: [Ponzis and Pyramids and Tulips! Oh my!](
@_date: 2015-07-17 10:00:02
*It's* not a bubble, or at least, no more so than gold, the dollar, or any other form of money.  But its price history certainly shows that it is *subject to* "bubbles" where the price begins to increase at an unsustainable double-exponential pace before correcting sharply.
@_date: 2015-07-02 06:04:56
What are you suggesting? Yeah, ok, redditor for 59 minutes.  Ordinarily cause for suspicion, sure. But this guy is obviously legit. Athens? I'm pretty sure that's a Greek city so that checks out. And Alexander is a common Greek name.  Plus, he says that several of his friends "have bought Bitcoin as the safety measure." That jives with this obviously credible [Fox Business story]( that "Europeans [are] flock[ing] to Bitcoin Admid Greek Crisis." Personally, I think we should shower him with Bitcoin tips. That could really help spur further Bitcoin adoption in Greece (not that we need it).
@_date: 2015-08-27 01:31:35
You think that the market for goods that are subject to *complete criminal prohibition* is a good example of a "free market" completely unfettered by government restrictions? You want to rethink that one? Having said that, the fact that "black markets" are as effective as they are at satisfying customer demand in the face of constant government violence is a testament to human ingenuity and the resilience of markets. "Markets uh find a way," as Jeff Goldblum might say. But in cases where black markets fall short (e.g. in the case of darknet market exit scams), it seems to me that the obvious culprit is the *lack* of a truly free market caused by government intervention.
@_date: 2015-07-17 14:53:32
Sure, government provides some useful services.  But I also get a huge amount of things I *don't* like: the immoral and incredibly destructive war on drugs, endless foreign wars of aggression, corporate welfare, Orwellian mass surveillance, etc.  The fact that "you get something" that's nominally in exchange for the extorted payment doesn't mean that it's not extortion. If I came to your house with a gun and robbed you but then gave you some Cutco knives or whatever "in exchange," would that mean no crime was committed? So yeah, I like roads, sanitation and running water, but that doesn't mean that paying coercively-collected "taxes" to an entity that claims a monopoly on the initiation of force is the only way to get those things.  Anarchism means no governments, not no governance. 
@_date: 2015-07-18 12:35:35
I haven't even told you my idea yet. I think you're jumping to conclusions.
@_date: 2015-07-19 17:04:23
Note to self: *and* are all the same person.
@_date: 2015-07-02 05:49:30


*Especially* not Bitcoin? Huh? Obviously, Bitcoin transactions aren't *literally* instant as it takes a few seconds for a transaction to propagate through the network and on the order of tens of minutes for it to become practically irreversible.  But compared to how long it would take me to get an ounce of gold from where I am (the US) into the hands of someone in Australia -- or how long it takes for a credit card transaction to become irreversible, I'd say sending Bitcoin is pretty darn close to instant.  


Well, sure, anyone can suggest whatever they want and run whatever version of the code they want.  But that doesn't mean you have to go along with it. That's the beauty of the consensus model.  And even if the economic majority were to go along with a fork that eliminates Bitcoin's absolute 21M cap (because there were a damn good reason to do so), they're not going to go along with a fork that destroys Bitcoin's "reliable scarcity."  We'd be talking about something like a permanent, predictable 0.5% annual increase in the total coin supply, not a political hyperinflation.  
@_date: 2015-07-16 04:28:23
The more important point is that Bitcoin vs. credit cards is the wrong comparison.  It should be Bitcoin vs. the dollar or Bitcoin vs. gold.  Bitcoin isn't (primarily) revolutionary as a new kind of payment system. It's not just a Paypal or credit card alternative. (And in fact, there's no reason that you couldn't have credit cards where the payments were denominated in Bitcoin rather than dollars.) No, Bitcoin is revolutionary as a new kind of *money*.  Or, as I've said before, you can obviously build a banking / IOU / credit layer on top of Bitcoin -- just as there exists such a layer with fiat.  The difference is with fiat, it's IOUs all the way down.  There's no trustless, censorship-resistant, reliably-scarce monetary base at the bottom.
@_date: 2015-07-18 03:15:07
Calling gold a pet rock doesn't show that it's worthless. The guy that invented the pet rock made a million dollars. You know, I had an idea like that once. A long time ago...
@_date: 2015-07-16 23:24:03
**InelasticMoneySupplyFewerProblems** 
@_date: 2015-07-18 19:12:49
Eh. Bitcoin's inflation is a temporary phenomenon, gets slower every year and is quickly approaching zero. It's just a clever way to fairly handle the initial distribution of coins while bootstrapping the creation of a secure network. And if you still want to consider it "debasement," you'll have to admit it's a pretty benevolent kind because it's entirely voluntary. Bitcoin is entirely consensus-based. Everyone who runs the protocol is agreeing to recognize the legitimacy of newly-created coins. Forking Bitcoin to fix the number of coins at the current level would be trivial. (Convincing others to use and value your fork would be a little trickier.)
@_date: 2015-07-15 20:23:31
Breadwallet for iOS is extremely user-friendly and has an "import private key" option that should let you scan a QR code.
@_date: 2015-07-17 19:17:10






Holy shit! Brilliant! And yet in hindsight, it's hard to believe that no one thought of it sooner.  Ok, fine, I have no idea what any of that means, but I'm glad that there are those who do. Carry on, smart people. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 16:22:14
Yep, understanding money's true nature as a kind of "societal IOU" or accounting ledger for keeping track of value given but not yet received is crucial if you want to understand bitcoin.  To quote Bastiat:




The problem with fiat money is that when you arbitrarily conjure new units into existence, those new monetary units carry the same message: "I have given value for which I have yet to receive a real satisfaction." But now that message is a lie. Or in other words, all money is memory, but the problem with fiat is that it allows for the creation of false memories.  And those false memories will, over time, cause the real memories to fade (i.e. erode the purchasing power of savings through inflation).
Another point about money as "debt." Yes, again all money can be *analogized* to a kind of societal debt.  And that's true whether you're talking about dollars, or Bitcoin, or gold. But fiat is *literally* debt. Note, for starters, that the dollar used to be backed by and redeemable for gold, it was an IOU for another IOU. So now the dollar is a defaulted-on IOU for another IOU.  But it's worse than that.  Because the majority of "dollars" in today's fractional-reserve system are really just IOUs for units of the base money supply. **So, in summary, the modern dollar is an IOU for a defaulted-on IOU for another IOU.** "Yo dawg, I heard you like IOUs..."
@_date: 2015-07-31 21:16:11
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:42:51
I don't think so. I actually just tried using the feature for the first time and it says that it will "send x bits from this private key into your wallet" (or something along those lines) so it sounds like it's sweeping the private key -- which is the better practice in most cases.
edit: yep, looked at transaction history. it's sweeping the key.
@_date: 2015-08-13 15:53:58


Not true because the block reward shrinks exponentially, or logarithmically, or asymptotically, or um... hypotenuse? I haven't taken a math class in a while. The point is, don't forget about the block reward halving every four years.
@_date: 2015-07-21 18:11:57


Yes, the car may sell for less, but he’ll almost certainly be able to sell it for *some* price.  (And even if he can’t, *he’ll* still get to use it.)  But sure, let’s imagine the seller wanted to sell his car because he wanted to use that money to buy a laptop.  And maybe now that his car sells for less he can’t afford the fancy, high-end model he wanted… which means that *someone else* WILL be able to buy it. Of course, the *seller* of the high-end laptop will now have less money to spend on his ski vacation, etc., etc., etc.  It’s obviously impossible to try to trace all of the winners and losers that may result from the kid’s original decision to postpone buying a car.  But looking at things *in the aggregate*, it should be clear that society minus lawnmower kid benefit.  (Lawnmower kid must also believe that *he’ll* benefit; otherwise he wouldn’t have decided to postpone his purchase in the first place.) The supply of scarce real resources to which the kid’s lawnmower money could have laid immediate claim are now shared, for the period of that year, among a group of people that is now one person smaller.  Society isn’t made wealthier when lawnmower kid *spends* his money on his own consumption.  The rest of society was made wealthier when he *earned* that money by providing the service of mowing all those lawns.  Money is just a favor voucher.  If you never call in those favors by spending your money, you will have effectively made a gift to the rest of society.  And if you delay spending your money, you have effectively made a loan of the goods/ services you provided.  


But what does “if everybody saved” mean? Practically speaking, no one can save *all* their money, and no one plans to save *forever*.  The point of saving is to enable consumption in the future.  There’s always a balance between present consumption and saving and investment.  The question is whether that balance should be determined by the individual preferences of market participants, or by central planners.  Turning back to the hypothetical, if people start having their lawns mowed less frequently, note that the kid will have more time freed up to provide *other* services to society, including potentially services that are directed to enabling greater consumption in the future (e.g. maybe he’ll get a job helping to build a new lawnmower factory). 


Yes, all else being equal, if you’re holding both deflationary currency (that you “know” is going to increase in value) and inflationary currency (that you “know” is going to decrease in value), you’ll prefer to spend the inflationary currency and hold the deflationary one.  And if there’s nothing you want to buy right now?  Well, your incentive would be to buy more of the deflationary currency! And if *everyone* wants to hold the deflationary currency and treats the inflationary currency like a hot potato? Well, that will include merchants, too.  And so people will very quickly dispense with the unnecessary added friction of converting their deflationary currency to the inflationary one immediately prior to spending it.  (After all, in this scenario, merchants are just going to immediately sell the inflationary currency for the deflationary one.)  The point is that the “willingness to spend money” is pretty much a given.  (Again, that’s all you can do with it.)  The difficult part is creating the willingness to *hold* money. 


Again, the ultimate purpose of the speculative demand is to facilitate future transactions so I would argue that the mechanism you’re looking for is built in.  Whether or not people will spend their bitcoins by exchanging them *directly* for goods and services, or by going through the intermediary step of first converting them to fiat, is going to depend on which is more convenient (which will in turn depend on how large the network effect has become).  Personally, I’ve done both.  I’ve sold Bitcoin for fiat (to pay down some debt) and I’ve also spent Bitcoin (buying some furniture on Overstock.com).  


Well, again, I just think it’s WAY too early for Bitcoin’s primary utility to be as a transactional currency.  The network effect needs to be MUCH larger before we’re at that point.  Or to go back to the Prius analogy which I really liked, the Prius is still parked like an hour away from the house. I’m being 100% honest when I say that I’ve been a little baffled by the fact that we’ve seen as much “mainstream” merchant adoption as we have given how tiny Bitcoin still is.  And so the fact that some of those merchants have subsequently decided to drop Bitcoin support (after the free publicity of their initial announcement wore off) isn’t terribly surprising from my perspective.
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:31:28
Six years ago, a single person owned 100% of all the bitcoins then in existence.  Huge progress! 
But seriously, Bitcoin is still VERY tiny in the scheme of things. It's got a "market cap" of approximately 4 billion dollars, and at most, a few million users worldwide.  For some context, Bill Gates alone has a net worth of approximately 80 billion dollars.  If Bitcoin takes over the world and becomes a major world currency (i.e. one with a market cap in the trillions), almost by definition, the coins will have spread themselves out considerably by that point.  
But yeah, a lot of early adopters will have gotten rich in the process. But that's sort of how price discovery works.  The first people to recognize that an asset is undervalued can always profit from that insight (and if Bitcoin *is* going to become a major world currency, it is MASSIVELY undervalued). Bitcoin is an open source project that anyone was and is free to participate in.  Anyone could have mined some coins in 2009 or 2010 or bought thousands for pennies, but most didn't. 
@_date: 2015-07-21 18:18:14


Ok, I think I can pretty much agree with all of that (and I’m glad to hear that more of is coming around to my way of thinking). 


Whether or not recommending Bitcoin as a speculative investment is good advice depends, first and foremost, on whether or not you think Bitcoin is a good investment *for anyone*. And that will depend on what you consider its upside potential to be and the probabilities you assign to different scenarios for Bitcoin’s success or failure.  So for example, if you think that Bitcoin has a 1% chance of being hugely successful such that its purchasing power increases a thousand-fold, and a 99% chance of failing completely and going to zero, holding Bitcoin has a strongly-positive expected value.  But whether or not something is a good investment for a particular individual will also depend on their risk tolerance and specific financial situation.  And so, in my hypothetical, it would still be crazy to recommend that most people purchase more than a relatively small amount of Bitcoin.  So despite probably coming across as an insane Bitcoin mega-bull, I’m pretty cautious about recommending Bitcoin as an investment to friends and family.  I’ll tell them honestly that I think it’s got a huge amount of potential, but that it’s also crazy volatile and should still be considered an experiment that could literally fail completely tomorrow. I also give them a tutorial on how to secure a Bitcoin wallet.  And I’ll recommend that, before they consider an “investment”-sized purchase, they try experimenting with a few bucks (which I’ll usually give them because I’m such an all-around good guy).  


Ok, but *trading* is a very different animal compared to a buy-and-hold strategy. Most people have no business trying to day-trade the forex or commodities markets.  But I don’t think the average person who decides to *hold* some gold as a smallish part of his portfolio is crazy.  Similarly, I don’t think it’d be crazy for them to hold an (even smaller) amount of Bitcoin. 


It’s only misguided if Bitcoin doesn’t end up succeeding, which is still an open question.  And *all* money requires that new *value* be “continually injected into the system.”  That’s the nature of money and “exchange value.”  You’re willing to exchange things of “real” value for dollars only because you speculate that, at some point in the future, you’ll be able to trade those dollars for other things of real value that you actually want (from people who will in turn be making a similar prediction).  


If you really “believe in Bitcoin,” you have *every* reason to hold it now! Because if you believe that Bitcoin will succeed in becoming a gold-like store of value or a true global “currency,” it will of necessity be worth much, much more than it is today.  If you wait to acquire Bitcoin until it has actually become a widely-adopted transactional currency, you will have missed out on a huge profit opportunity (and so the “fear of missing out” would have been entirely rational).
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:47:43
Cool, thanks for the response. BTW, that changetip I tried to send you to demonstrate the relative inexpensiveness of centralized solutions? Well, I got a "Tip Delivery Bug." (Ironic, I know. :)) I'll try again. 500 bits
edit: haha, and now the first tip went through. You're really cleaning up! ;)
@_date: 2015-07-17 13:33:48


Hmm, I haven't heard that one. Seems like a bit of a stretch.  "Extortion" seems to be the obviously more apt description.  It's literally a group of people demanding that you pay them and threatening to harm you if you don't.  Then again, if you don't pay the taxman, that can lead to your being locked up in a cage where you'll face a non-trivial risk of being raped.  So perhaps your suggestion is not *too* off the mark.


"Taxes aren't extortion. They're taxes!" Seems a little circular, no?


That's fine. You're entitled to your opinion, and yours is certainly the more widely-held one.  But note that you still haven't advanced an argument for your position.  It seems to me that whether or not "taxes" are "extortion" is obviously a moral / normative judgment that's going to depend largely on whether or not you believe (a) that there is such as a thing as legitimate "political authority," the notion that some men have a right to rule over others who in turn have an obligation to obey; and (b) if so, whether the party purporting to "tax" you *has* such political authority (i.e. is a "legitimate" "government," as opposed to simply a common criminal). I'm an anarchocapitalist primarily because I *don't* subscribe to the idea of political authority.  
@_date: 2015-07-16 16:26:26


No, that's just not correct.  How many people "spend" gold, i.e. exchange it *directly* for goods and services as opposed to accessing the stored value of their gold holdings by first exchanging for fiat?  Not too many. Is gold worthless as a financial instrument? Well, no, it turns out it's got a "market cap" over a thousand times larger than Bitcoin's.  Bitcoin isn't a currency yet. It might become one one day but it will have to through the speculative investment / gold-like store of value stages first.
Recommended reading:  [this comment]( and [this one](
@_date: 2015-07-01 17:23:33
Marketing gimmick.
@_date: 2015-07-01 18:45:24
Well, "exploited" and "price pump" are obviously loaded words that suggest an element of bad faith.  But that's probably a fair description of least *some* people's motivations.  Having said that, I think *most* Bitcoin enthusiasts, myself included, genuinely believe that Greece is a useful object lesson in the dangers of centralized, trust-based money.  
@_date: 2015-07-01 19:16:56
Dogecoin is a joke pretending to be a serious cryptocurrency pretending to be a joke.
@_date: 2015-07-15 14:10:15
Maybe at that point more people will begin to figure out that [Bitcoin's real value proposition]( is not fast payments or cheap payments, but rather *trustless, censorship-resistant* payments and value storage.
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:31:03
On the slide titled: "Problems within US currency": "The U.S. money system is slightly corrupt, and favors banks." 
@_date: 2015-07-15 21:10:01
Awesome. Glad it's working out for you!  Yeah, a transaction confirmation can only occur when a new "block" is created and that's designed to occur about once every ten minutes on average. 
@_date: 2016-02-08 20:59:20
It's even simpler than that. Satoshi was talking about a "second, **compatible** implementation," i.e. two code bases that are attempting to produce *identical* behavior (but may diverge if someone screws up, triggering an *unintentional* fork). An *intentional* fork to effect a desired rule change is a completely different animal.
@_date: 2017-09-18 02:44:48


Not at all. I've been extremely clear about the claim I'm making.  It sounds like you don't actually disagree with that claim -- you just think for some reason that I should be making some *other* claim.  


I think I've explained that.  The context for this discussion is the debate over the consensus block size limit and the likely effect of increasing it. That's the limit that's been a huge point of contention. I don't think anyone is particularly worked up about the choice of an individual miner to limit the size of the blocks he mines or what default setting a particular client release includes.


I think users care about the user experience (e.g., fast, cheap, and reliable confirmations).  It's certainly true that a widely-used "soft limit" *could* begin to significantly harm that experience. But practically speaking, this is much less likely to be a problem.  Even a relatively small fraction of the hash rate not using the soft limit can keep things running smoothly. And empirically speaking we also see that the "soft limits" you're referring to yielded before they started to cause a seriously degraded user experience.  


Heh. The market cap metric is certainly an imperfect one. And I still think Bitcoin enjoys a strong advantage over its competitors.  But the suggestion that Bitcoin still has more than 95% of the crypto market is just silly.  




I've definitely seen charts where you can see the impact of the soft limits.  But that still has nothing to do with my argument.


Sorry but it'd take a lot more than hand-waving about "common sense logic" to convince me of that claim. It seems to me that all of the evidence points in the other direction; permanently "full" blocks are *not* normal and they *prevent* the proper functioning of the network.
@_date: 2017-09-17 13:58:04


I did.  


No, I didn't "cherry pick" anything. I made a specific argument about whether blocks will always be "full" up to the actual network-enforced *hard* limit, i.e., the limit that will result in your block being intentionally orphaned by the rest of the network if you exceed it. See my latest reply to Adam.


Eh. *Maybe* you could have gotten away with that kind of casual "shitcoin" dismissal of the evidence of other cryptos' experience with their hard limits when Bitcoin still had 95% of the market share and transaction volume. I don't think it works today. But even if you think that only the One True Chain is relevant, there's still no evidence for the "blocks will always be full" claim and ample evidence to the contrary -- namely the first almost seven years of Bitcoin's existence. 
@_date: 2017-09-17 04:14:23


Ok.... but you haven't presented an argument as to *why* the difference in question is irrelevant.  


Sorry but I'm still left looking for your argument.  The *only* crypto that I'm aware of that's operated with consistently "full" blocks is Bitcoin post late 2016.  Just for example purposes here are the block size graphs for Litecoin and BCH:
In both cases, the average block size is *well* under the consensus rule limit.  
@_date: 2017-09-16 22:03:36
The "soft limits" you're referring to and the constraining "consensus-rule"-style 1-MB block size limit are completely different animals. The former isn't a real "limit" at all as it's a trivial matter for an individual miner to adjust.  The context for this discussion is the claim that if we were to increase the latter limit (which is an actual limit as miners that violate it will have their blocks orphaned by the rest of the network), that blocks would immediately "fill up." That is an absurd and completely anti-empirical claim.  Indeed, the fact that many miners allowed their soft limits to be bumped into before increasing them is, if anything, evidence *against* the claim that miners would immediately produce "full" blocks if the actual network limit were increased (because it represents miners voluntarily limiting the size of their blocks).
@_date: 2017-09-17 13:38:23
Obviously bumping into a widely-used "soft limit" can provide a limited "preview" of what bumping into the actual network-enforced limit looks like (spoiler: frequent transaction backlogs and increasing fees).  But that doesn't seem to counter any of my arguments.  My claim is that there's no evidence for the assertion that blocks will always be "full" (up to the actual "consensus rule" *hard* limit) and that any increase in the *hard* consensus rule block size limit will be immediately used up -- and in fact that there's ample evidence to the contrary. Your (apparent) insistence that soft limits function just like an actual hard limit thus *supports* my argument because it implies that we could increase the latter and rely on the former to prevent constantly "full" (up to the actual hard limit) blocks.
@_date: 2015-04-04 01:31:39
Proof of burn has its uses.
@_date: 2015-04-08 17:07:01
I believe back then they were known as "cypherbutts."
@_date: 2015-04-05 21:24:01


Yikes. What a strange conclusion. Here's the bottom line as I see it. The real Bitcoin protocol is always consensus. It's true of course that some individuals will have a greater practical ability to drive consensus than others (e.g., people will listen more to Gavin than they will to me), but that's as it should be. And even more importantly, even those with the most influence still have only limited influence. The core devs couldn't simply decide to lift the 21 million cap or say, unwind six months worth of transactions. But sure, in the event of an unintended hard fork caused by a bug they might be able to influence which branch survives (and thereby help to quickly reestablish consensus). I'm ok with that.
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:08:59
Great post! 1 beer
@_date: 2015-09-13 09:52:57


Well, no. VISA is a centralized payment network.  The point is that because the capacity of the decentralized blockchain is so small, people will be forced to use centralized off-chain solutions if there's a surge in adoption.  
@_date: 2015-09-05 21:12:59
Again? Dude, I feel like you really should have learned your lesson the last time. BTW, the username is a nice touch.  
@_date: 2015-09-11 05:39:02


Let's not repeat what created our troubles
[I want real growth, not a series of bubbles](
Stop bailing out losers
Let prices work
If we don't try to steer them
They won't go berserk
@_date: 2015-09-10 14:42:47
Well... yeah.  This is (bizarrely) a controversial opinion among Bitcoin enthusiasts, but -- in most cases -- Bitcoin isn't *currently* all that useful simply as a way to pay for things.  The use case "exchange fiat for Bitcoin for the purpose of immediately spending it to buy goods and services from a merchant who will, in most cases, immediately convert that Bitcoin back into fiat" is generally not a particularly compelling one for obvious reasons. (There are exceptions, e.g., if you need to take advantage of Bitcoin's censorship-resistant nature.) But in general the best reason to spend bitcoin is because you have bitcoin (and you can't do anything else with it). And the best reason to have bitcoin (currently) is as a highly-speculative investment. And the best reason to buy bitcoin as a speculative investment is because you believe that its properties (which, in short, combine the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium) will enable Bitcoin, over time, to steal market share from other forms of money that lack those properties.
That doesn't mean that Bitcoin's payment network isn't awesome. It is. But a lot of its awesomeness will only be realized if and when its adoption has gotten much further along. (In other words, sending and receiving bitcoin is amazingly convenient if both parties are already "in the system," but if exchange to or from fiat is involved at either end, that's going to offset a good chunk of Bitcoin's convenience advantage.)
**tl;dr: The people who claim that "Bitcoin is only useful for speculation and drugs" aren't entirely off base.  And that's why Bitcoin may ultimately take over the world.**
@_date: 2015-09-13 13:44:27


Well, of course. That's a tautological statement. But the point I'd make is that when assessing how decentralized "Bitcoin" is, focusing exclusively on the blockchain is too narrow.  It makes more sense to look at the ecosystem as a whole. Who cares if the blockchain is decentralized if almost no one can actually use it?
@_date: 2015-09-10 13:57:39


What Bitcoin "does" is facilitate real economic exchange by serving as a credible and convenient record of value given but not yet received.  And the value of money is always speculative.  The only reason you're willing to trade things of "real" value for little pieces of green paper or electronic ledger entries is because you predict that, at some point in the future, you'll be able to trade those pieces of paper for things you really want (from people who will in turn be making a similar prediction).  [Here's a good explanation of Bitcoin's core value proposition]( (if I do say so myself).  Let me know if you have questions.
@_date: 2015-09-07 17:27:02


Well, no, the Napster protocol was centralized which made it vulnerable to attack.  Torrenting represents a *different* (and decentralized) protocol.  So a better analogy would be to say that eGold was the Napster-esque precursor to Bittorrent-like Bitcoin.  But an even better analogy would recognize that "Bitcoin" isn't *really* the current protocol used to maintain and update the Bitcoin ledger.  It IS that ledger.  The protocol can be, has been, and will continue to be improved when there's a compelling reason to do so (like the emergence of a competitor that's beginning to steal significant market share thanks to a demonstrably-superior protocol).  So, back to the file-sharing analogy, Bitcoin (the ledger) as information has more in common with the songs themselves.  Just because the protocols for storing or sharing song files change, that doesn't mean you can't still listen to old songs that were released before the introduction of those new technologies.  Similarly, just because someone comes up with a better protocol for maintaining a monetary ledger, that doesn't mean you need to scrap the ledger and start all over.  Indeed, doing so would defeat the entire purpose of money, which is to *preserve* a reliable record of value given but not yet received.   
@_date: 2015-04-10 13:49:09
Scarcity *alone* doesn't give value, but it's absolutely one of the requirements for good money. Bitcoin's value proposition is that it's the first form of money to combine the reliable scarcity of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely digital medium.
@_date: 2015-11-05 06:31:07
@_date: 2015-11-04 23:38:52
$1 
here's a little to play around with.
@_date: 2015-11-30 23:08:53
Phrased from another perspective: BIP101 allows blocks larger than *some people who might otherwise like to be part of the network* are capable of handling *with their current setup.*
@_date: 2015-11-14 16:50:56
Sorry, I still don't see it.  Did you read my linked comment? Bitcoin is essentially just a commodity whose price is determined by supply and demand. 


Sounds like you're saying the more demand there is for Bitcoin, the higher its price. Yep, that's true for Bitcoin (as it is for all assets).


Not quite sure what this means.  If large holders decide to "take out" a lot of fiat by "dumping" their coins at any price, that would represent a sudden increase in supply that would tend to drive the price down (at least in the short term). But... so what? That's true of any asset.  If large holders of dollars decided to dump them for other assets, the dollar would decline too.


I don't know what this means. Is this just another way of stating that dumping by large holders would drive Bitcoin's current price down?  Again so what? Also, it wouldn't make Bitcoin "worthless" or even prevent Bitcoin from being massively more valuable in the future.  


People who hold bitcoins generally have the same desire as people who hold any form of money.  They hope to, at some time in the future, exchange that money for useful goods and services that can directly satisfy their wants and needs. People who think that Bitcoin is currently undervalued will be inclined to wait to exchange their coins in order to profit from future appreciation.  People who think Bitcoin is overvalued will be inclined to exchange their coins immediately.
@_date: 2015-11-16 07:24:00


I disagree that artificially incentivizing people to treat money like a hot potato is a good thing.  You don't need to encourage people to spend money.  Spending money is literally all that it's good for. So it's always a question of how you choose to allocate that spending across time, how much to spend today vs. tomorrow vs. next year, etc.  Also consider that when you save money, you are in effect making an investment in the overall economy.  Money isn't wealth. Instead, it allows you to make a *claim* on scarce, real resources.  Money is an *accounting system* for facilitating the exchange of those resources by serving as a credible record of value given but not yet received.  When you "just sit on money," the resources that you could have claimed remain available to be used by others -- whether for immediate consumption or investment.  You have in effect *loaned* them to the rest of society.  So if we had a system with a fixed money supply, it makes sense to me that the purchasing power of that money should increase over time as the economy grows.  In that scenario, the deflation rate is essentially the market-determined "interest rate" on a very low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time (by spending the money).
Or think about it from the opposite angle -- why an inflationary money supply doesn't make sense. Again, money is supposed to represent a credible signal of value given but not yet received. If there's an entity that can simply print new money into existence at essentially zero cost, the message carried by that new money is going to be a false one.
@_date: 2015-03-26 15:48:42
It's just an intrinsically awesome word.
@_date: 2015-03-08 15:41:34
Indeed. Bitcoin is an enigma, wrapped in a mystery, inside a riddle, encoded in open-source software used to create a public ledger. 
@_date: 2015-09-05 21:28:56
You don't think is a real kid? I disagree. And his story rings true to me. It's apparently a pretty common occurrence.
@_date: 2015-11-30 23:45:33
Thanks for the reply. I haven't followed Peter__R's postings enough to know whether I agree with your characterization that he "attempts to hide important consequences of what he's proposing." I think in the specific context of his reply above, his point was a good one. But I also think your clarification was a useful addition. (And not surprisingly, I also think the same of my own comment.) :)
@_date: 2015-11-05 04:57:14


I think we should stay away from that kind of language and instead talk about a scenario in which there is no "hard-coded" blocksize limit." There will always be an "effective" / "soft" blocksize limit based on orphan risk / what size blocks miners are willing to mine (which is obviously the point you were making).
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:46:15
I suppose everyone could keep up with inflation if the new money were magically distributed simultaneously to everyone in the economy in exact proportion to their existing holdings. But that's obviously not how things work. (And if they did work that way, an elastic money supply would be pretty pointless.) The fact is that printing money steals purchasing power from the existing holders of that money. You can minimize your exposure to that theft by minimizing the length of time you hold onto currency, but the loss is still going to fall on *someone.*
@_date: 2015-11-14 15:56:21
The "similarities" between Bitcoin and a Ponzi scheme are trivial.  "Early adopters get rich!" Well, yeah. The first people to recognize that an asset is undervalued can always profit from that insight. That's how price discovery works.  More thoughts here: [Ponzis and Pyramids and Tulips! Oh My!](
@_date: 2015-03-10 06:14:19
Not QuarkInfinity, but personally I agree that "hyperbitcoinization" just sounds ... dumb.  What does it mean for something to be "bitcoinized"?  It seems like the word OP really wants is "hypermonetization."  
@_date: 2015-11-21 06:29:29


If the amount of wheat in the world suddenly doubled, humanity would be wealthier as a result, right? On the other hand, if the number of dollars suddenly doubled -- if every $1-dollar bill became a $2-dollar bill, every 5 became a 10, etc. -- that obviously wouldn't make the world as a whole any wealthier.  It's in that sense that I say that money isn't wealth but rather an accounting system for facilitating the exchange of wealth.


[GDP is a proxy for economic well-being, not the measure of it.](  Spending isn't this unmitigated good thing.  There's always an opportunity cost associated with present consumption.  Resources that are spent satisfying present consumption cannot also be used to expand productive capacity to enable even greater consumption in the future.


Not sure what you're not following.  You agreed with me that "money is supposed to represent a credible signal of value given but not yet received"?  Ok, but if I acquired my money by counterfeiting it rather than providing real economic value to others, the message carried by my funny money is going to be a false one.  Counterfeiting allows me to consume without having produced and thus undermines the integrity of the entire monetary system.  That's true whether I'm an ordinary criminal printing fake banknotes in my basement or a central bank conducting "monetary policy."  
@_date: 2015-10-11 23:00:09


With all due respect, I think that is 100% backwards. The "computing aspect" is the "how" of Bitcoin.  The money aspect is the "why."  People use technology all the time without understanding *how* it works. But it's usually easy to understand *why* a given technology is useful.  That's not the case with Bitcoin.  Bitcoin's primary utility right now is as a speculative investment that--we hope--may one day become useful as money by overcoming the HUGE network effects advantage of fiat and gold.  To understand how and why that future might come about you have to understand money.  More thoughts [here]( and [here](
@_date: 2015-10-17 16:24:52
Yeah, although I suppose "censorship" could be interpreted broadly enough to cover inflation. A central authority creating new currency units out of thin air is, in a sense, "censoring" people's savings (i.e. suppressing accurate information about value given but not yet received).  "Censorship-resistance" is a corollary of "trustlessness," and [as I've said before]( enabling trustless value storage and value transfer is Bitcoin's core value proposition.
@_date: 2015-10-20 13:08:43


Isn't it obvious? Because doing so offers you the possibility of earning an even greater return.  If your savings are increasing in value because the currency unit is increasing in value, that's nice. If you can also increase the quantity of your savings by profitably lending or investing them, that's even better.  
Also consider that when you save money, you are in effect making an investment in the overall economy.  Money is never really the thing that's invested.  What's actually invested are scarce resources.  Money allows you to make a claim on scarce resources.  When you don't exercise that claim immediately (i.e., save your money), those resources remain available to be used by others.  You've effectively made a *loan* of those resources to the rest of society.  Thus, in an economy that uses sound money, deflation is simply the market-determined interest rate for an extremely low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time (by spending the money).
@_date: 2015-03-07 15:25:04
Sorry, I'm not seeing it. Could you walk me through your reasoning?
@_date: 2015-11-13 21:12:55
When new money is arbitrarily magicked into existence, the purchasing power of that money has to come from somewhere. And it does. It comes from siphoning away the purchasing power of existing holders of the currency. The fact that you, as an individual, can limit your exposure to that theft by, in short, *not actually holding dollars* for any meaningful length of time and instead buying stocks, bonds, or some other asset is beside the point. The theft is still going to fall on *someone*. It's basically a game of musical chairs. You're pointing to the people who manage to find a chair, not the ones who don't. Also, when you partially mitigate your losses from inflation by lending your money at interest, you're still being screwed by an artificially depressed interest rate made possible by the Fed's ability to lend new money into existence.  
@_date: 2015-03-07 05:13:36
Pretty much everyone's last name is one word away from boner.
@_date: 2015-11-11 23:46:29
You can say "one million bits" right now.
@_date: 2015-10-20 05:06:08
The current fiat system is far more prone to "leaving behind the youth."  Which do you think is more likely -- that the new fiat that is conjured out of thin air in the current system is channeled so as to benefit the young, poor, and politically unconnected OR to benefit the old, rich, and politically well-connected?


And I was born too late to have the chance to buy Apple stock when it was under a dollar.  I suppose that might be considered "unfair" in some cosmic sense, but you know, them's the breaks.  If it's any consolation, you can be sure that there will be "investment of a lifetime" opportunities in every person's lifetime. (Of course, almost by definition, most people won't recognize them at the time and so won't profit from them.)


Well, let's assume we're talking about your hypothetical 10 year old and let's assume that Bitcoin "goes to the moon" in the next 10-15 years and becomes the world's dominant form of money.  Then yeah, that kid is probably too late to become the equivalent of a billionaire simply by recognizing that Bitcoin is undervalued and speculating on it.  Just like he's too late to become a billionaire by inventing Facebook or Google.  (Would you also say that he's being "punished" for that?)  So if he wants to become fabulously wealthy, he'll have to do it some other way, e.g., coming up with "the next" Facebook or Google.  
@_date: 2015-10-30 23:09:26
That's probably accurate, but if it weren't, would you really expect the CEO of a Chinese exchange to do anything other than deny it? Admitting that Bitcoin is being widely used to circumvent capital controls in your country seems like a pretty good way to bring down the state's ban hammer.
@_date: 2015-03-11 02:28:06
Awesome idea. 1 satoshi
@_date: 2015-10-07 20:56:39


Yes, and no.  I think it's important to distinguish between the very useful *analogy* of money as debt (in which money *can be thought of as* a kind of societal IOU) and debt-based money (where most money is quite literally an IOU).  See [this comment](  
@_date: 2015-03-09 16:14:42
It would appear so.
@_date: 2015-03-31 14:46:03
It's worse than that. It's more like we should go back to riding horses because of this guy that crashed his horse while on the way to buy an A320. Bitcoin's entire value proposition is the fact that it lets you store and transfer value without counterparty risk. Of course if you allow someone to hold your Bitcoins for you in exchange for Bitcoin IOUs, you've just reintroduced counterparty risk. The Mt. Gox fiasco doesn't illustrate a flaw with Bitcoin; it's another example of why Bitcoin is so valuable. 
@_date: 2015-03-03 18:12:02
No, you do care because if the format you choose isn't popular, the likely result is less available content. And you might also care specifically what your friends choose because if they have the same player as you, you can borrow titles from them. So there is a network effect at work in the VHS / Betamax example. But the network effect in that context is probably a lot weaker than the network effect for money. But the real problem with the analogy is that Bitcoin is not a static technology. "Bitcoin" is really the ledger, not the current ledger-updating protocol. The ledger is the only piece that needs to survive. The protocol can be updated if there's a good reason to do so (like the emergence of an alt-ledger with a demonstrably superior protocol that's starting to steal significant market share from Bitcoin). So, sticking with the analogy, Bitcoin the ledger is more like the movies themselves. Just because someone develops a better format for storing and playing movies doesn't mean we can't watch old movies that were made prior to the new format's introduction. 
@_date: 2015-03-31 14:59:47
Ugh, I can't stand people that complian about spelling on the Internet.
@_date: 2015-10-13 03:55:26
I'd focus much more on the "why" of Bitcoin (why a decentralized digital money is important) rather than the "how" (the nitty-gritty of cryptography and mining).  For starters, the "why" is (in my opinion) much more interesting and more important.  Also, the "how" is much harder to explain briefly in a way that most people will be able to understand.  (And most people won't even bother to try to understand if you don't give them a reason to care, which is what the "why" provides.) Here are two posts of mine that represent my favorite [short]( and [long]( introductions to Bitcoin's "why."
@_date: 2015-10-30 14:35:39
Yeah, I say take the average.
@_date: 2015-10-13 20:30:31


Sort of. *Technically* "backing" in a monetary context implies a promise of convertibility by the issuer. But lots  of people use the term more generally when attempting to explain why a currency has value.  And I have to give him some credit here, saying that fiat is backed by "men with guns" is a lot more accurate than the breezy claim you often hear which is that the dollar is backed by the "full faith and credit of the U.S. government."  As I've written before:
*What* gives fiat *value* is the wrong question. Value is subjective. *People* assign (differing and subjective) values to fiat based on their perceptions and preferences. A better question is what gives fiat its *price* -- in terms of the quantity of goods / services that a person must "spend" in order to "buy" a given quantity of fiat. Price is determined by the intersection of supply and demand. In order to have a "supply" in an economic sense, a good needs to be scarce. Where does fiat's (relative) scarcity come from? Well, that does in fact come from men with guns granting a violence-backed monopoly on fiat's issuance to a privileged elite. What about the demand side? Well, government violence plays a role there as well. Taxes collected via threat of violence are payable exclusively in fiat. Legal tender laws (enforced via violence) are another way that fiat is given a privileged position in the market for money. And would-be money competitors are also disadvantaged by things like taxation on capital gains when trading, e.g. appreciated precious metals (even if that "appreciation" is only an artifact of fiat's depreciation). As I say, Bitcoin uses a blockchain protected by proof of work. Fiat uses debt chains protected by proof of violence.


No. And some of us see that as a good thing.  Bitcoin is scarce by design -- its fixed, finite supply makes it much more reliably scarce than the constantly inflating dollar. Unlike with fiat, you simply don't need violence to protect the scarcity of Bitcoin's money supply. And as for the demand side? Bitcoin, not unlike gold, has sufficiently desirable monetary properties to generate *voluntary* demand for it.  It's not such a terrible form of money that people have to be coerced into using it.  
@_date: 2015-10-14 15:12:38
Thanks! Glad they were helpful.  Yeah, I really don't think you need to dig too deep into "federal reserve shenanigans."  The key point is very simple: the supply of dollars can be (and has been) continuously expanded with the result that the dollar steadily loses purchasing power over time.  Here's a [nice image]( graphically representing the dollar's loss of purchasing power since 1913. And [here's one]( graphing the size of the monetary base between 1917 and 2009. (That's what I found quickly.  You can probably find a better one that also shows the growth of other measures of the money supply, e.g., M1.)
@_date: 2015-03-07 14:22:01


Well, obviously not. The importance of network effects is going to depend on the specific context. So questions to ask include how much benefit does a larger network provide? (E.g., how much added value to each individual user do you get when the total number of users is doubled? And does the added benefit begin to taper off or disappear once a certain threshold size has been reached?) And how important are the benefits provided by a larger network in comparison to other features that differentiate the various competing networks? How high are the switching costs for an individual who decides to switch from one network to another? (E.g., one might consider the cost of switching from MySpace to Facebook to have been relatively low because creating a Facebook account was free and fast, and didn't require you to first delete your MySpace account. In contrast, the switching costs associated with learning a new language are huge.) How "nimble" is the incumbent network in terms of its ability to respond to competitive challenges from new networks that may offer superior features? (E.g., *can* the "network" under consideration even be changed at all or are we considering a rigid technology like Betamax or VHS? And even if it can be changed, is the incumbent a large corporation with an ingrained culture or is it an open-source software protocol that anyone can fork and tinker with?)
@_date: 2015-10-29 02:17:07


Sadly this guy doesn't know Bitcoin well enough to know that banking *is* the problem it solves.
@_date: 2015-03-31 17:13:15
"Off blockchain transaction" for fish out of water.
@_date: 2015-03-05 17:50:07


I think this grossly understates Bitcoin's significance.  Bitcoin isn't just an "easy and quick way to transfer money from one person to the other." Bitcoin is important because it solves the problem of *trust*.  It's the first form of money that allows value to be both stored and transferred (including across distance) without having to trust a central authority. In contrast, if I want to send you dollars, unless it's a person-to-person transfer of physical cash (which has risks of its own), I have to trust some kind of middleman to effectuate the transfer (a bank, PayPal, Western Union, etc.). And to *hold* dollars, even in cash, means that I have to trust the central bank not to steal their purchasing power through money printing. Gold may require less trust to hold (although safe storage is a non-trivial problem), but the problem of transferring it safely across distance remains, not to mention the fact that physically moving gold is massively inefficient. Bitcoin offers both reliable scarcity of supply and the ability to do peer-to-peer trustless transfers. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 17:14:40


Do you have any good links that concisely set forth the arguments you find persuasive for why a fixed-supply currency can't work? Thanks.
@_date: 2015-03-07 15:23:29
Yep that's a great individual strategy. But it doesn't address the systemic criticisms of a fully-elastic money supply.
@_date: 2015-03-08 04:57:15


I disagree. Bitcoin solves the problem of *trust*. It's the first form of money that allows value to be both stored and transferred (including across distance) without having to trust a central authority. In contrast, if I want to send you dollars, unless it's a person-to-person transfer of physical cash (which has risks of its own), I have to trust some kind of middleman to effectuate the transfer (a bank, PayPal, Western Union, etc.). And to hold dollars, even in cash, means that I have to trust the central bank not to steal their purchasing power through money printing. Gold may require less trust to hold (although safe storage is a non-trivial problem), but the problem of transferring it safely across distance remains, not to mention the fact that physically moving gold is massively inefficient. Bitcoin offers both reliable scarcity of supply and the ability to do peer-to-peer trustless transfers. 


Bitcoin can and will scale at least somewhat as the network grows. How fast and well it scales will determine how expensive trustless, on-blockchain transactions are. But obviously not all transactions have to be on the blockchain for bitcoin to offer a significant advantage.  (And again, with respect to fiat, trustless, peer-to-peer transactions aren't even possible.) $.01


I don't see that as a particularly compelling argument against Bitcoin.  The Bitcoin network uses resources like electricity.  So does the creation of pretty much all useful things. 


I honestly don't think it's that complex to use.  It's just new and so there's a learning curve.  But I can get someone up and sending and receiving coins with something like breadwallet in about 5 minutes.  Plus, it's certainly gotten a lot easier to use Bitcoin in the roughly three years I've been following it.  I expect that trend to continue as people continue to develop tools to simplify the process of using Bitcoin securely.


Well, I certainly see that as *one* of its benefits.  Bitcoin makes it easier for people to circumvent state censorship and spend and send their money how and where they want to, whether that involves donating to wikileaks, playing online poker for real money, buying or selling certain politically-disfavored intoxicants, or avoiding capital controls.  As mentioned above, another primary benefit is the scarcity of supply.  And I'd say that a third key benefit is Bitcoin's programmable nature and the way it enables permissionless innovation at the edge. Also, if you're interested, [this longer post]( gives a more comprehensive overview of my thoughts on common objections to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-05 17:31:09


As applied to something like email, that's probably true. There's no significant opportunity cost associated with letting other people work out the kinks in the new technology.  In the case of Bitcoin, however, a Bitcoin that's "awesome" in the future is one that's likely also much more *valuable* than it is currently.  So in that case, there's a huge opportunity cost associated with waiting.
@_date: 2015-10-20 23:25:49
Here are my favorite [short]( and [long]( introductions to Bitcoin that explain why I'm so excited about it.
@_date: 2015-10-30 20:06:35
I think that's part of it. I think the rhetorical focus on "blockchain technology" is also a way to avoid looking like you're attempting to hype a particular investment. 
@_date: 2017-07-07 18:31:01


Monopoly money *printers* have such an incentive, sure, because for them the marginal cost of production is far lower than the money's nominal value. But there are no "money printers" in Bitcoin; there are only *miners* and no individual entity has a monopoly on money creation.  Bitcoin's miners have an incentive to protect the health and integrity of the network by producing sound money. 


Realistically, any such breach is going to be communicated by *the market* when the price craters. That's the incentive system that we rely on to keep the hash power majority honest. And obviously not every single market participant needs to have first-hand evidence of a breach for the market to do its job.  The incentive system certainly won't break down just because every Johnny Two-Bits can't afford to verify a breach for himself on his laptop. And of course, if running a full node were to become "outrageously expensive," that implies that Bitcoin has become massively more popular and valuable which in turn implies that there will be many more people with an incentive to police the network's integrity. 
@_date: 2015-10-25 17:01:27
Maybe obvious to some, but here's a useful trick when thinking about where we're at in terms of the distribution of Bitcoin's total 21 million BTC supply.  The block reward is always equal to the percentage of the total supply that is distributed during the roughly 4-year period of that particular reward, i.e. 50% of all coins that will ever exist (or about 10.5 million) were released when the block reward was 50 BTC, 25% (or about 5.25 million) will be distributed during the current 25 BTC block reward period, etc.  And obviously if you divide the block reward by 4, you get a rough approximation of the percentage of total supply being distributed on a yearly basis.  So, for example, when the block reward goes to 12.5 next year, only about 3.125% of total supply will be distributed during each of the next four years.  (Obviously, that figure is not the same as the annualized inflation rate of the monetary supply which will be a bit higher. Here's a [bitcointalk post]( with some nice charts that show the estimated inflation rate over time.)
@_date: 2015-10-30 23:23:38


Yeah. [That cash could really help get me out of a couple of jams.](
@_date: 2017-07-10 03:51:54
I don't see how that's responsive to what I wrote. I care deeply about "financial sovereignty" and that's why I don't want people to be forced off the decentralized, peer-to-peer Bitcoin network and onto less secure, more centralized alternatives.
@_date: 2015-03-08 17:25:39
Yep, Bitcoin is a new experiment that *might* not work.  Fiat is a very old experiment that we *know* doesn't work.  [How many more trials]( do people think we need?
@_date: 2015-03-05 20:22:20
Bitcoin's value is *entirely* speculative.  That's the nature of money / exchange value.  The only reason people are willing to exchange goods and services for little green pieces of paper or digital ledger entries is because they hope to, at some point in the future, exchange that money for something they really want.  The use of money always involves speculation about other people's future valuation.  
@_date: 2015-03-07 15:02:58
The first people to recognize that an asset is undervalued can always profit from that insight. That's how price discovery works. Also re: the "pyramid scheme" charge, see 
@_date: 2017-07-09 15:12:59
Just to add a bit to excellent explanation, you might also find my comments in the following two conversation threads helpful: [one]( and [two](
@_date: 2017-07-07 18:21:54
Users *always* have to "trust" the hash power majority! That's the *entire* foundation of Bitcoin's security model -- that a majority of the hash power will be "honest" / incentivized to protect the network's integrity.   (From the whitepaper: "we proposed a peer-to-peer network using proof-of-work to record a public history of transactions that quickly becomes computationally impractical for an attacker to change **if honest nodes control a majority of CPU power.**" And: "**They vote with their CPU power**, expressing their acceptance of valid blocks by working on extending them and rejecting invalid blocks by refusing to work on them. **Any needed rules and incentives can be enforced with this consensus mechanism.**") 
Note that a malicious hash power majority doesn't need to produce "invalid" blocks to carry out a double spend attack or render the network unusable.  The problem is that malicious soft forks, by their nature, are much, much harder for the network to defend against. Of course, this is why a malicious hash power majority would almost certainly attack with a malicious soft fork  (i.e., "51% attack") rather than with a malicious hard fork.The only "counter" that has a prayer of working against a determined attacker with a hash rate majority is the "nuclear option" of a PoW change.
And this is why the the idea that running a "full node" can somehow protect you against a malicious hash rate majority is so silly. As I've written previously:
Suggesting that you need to run a "full node" to protect yourself from the hash power majority is like suggesting that you need to wear, at all times, bulky and expensive arrow-stopping armor (that does nothing against a bullet) to protect yourself from being murdered by a guy with a high-powered rifle *who isn't even your enemy*. (Again, Bitcoin is premised on the idea that the hash power majority will be incentivized to protect the network's integrity.)​
@_date: 2015-10-24 14:33:16
[Here's]( how I explain Bitcoin's fundamental value proposition.
@_date: 2015-10-26 03:34:52


Well, you really shouldn't think of Bitcoin right now as a "store of value" in the same sense that gold is thought of in those terms. Bitcoin is still incredibly tiny in the grand scheme of things.  It's got a total "market cap" that is less than 0.1% of gold's.  So Bitcoin is obviously much more volatile. It's obviously much riskier than gold in the short- and medium- term (and probably in the longer-term as well).  The upside though is well, additional upside.  Bitcoin's potential upside is much, much larger than gold's.  When gold is described as a "store of value," people generally mean that quite literally.  It's a way to more or less preserve (not necessarily grow) your purchasing power and avoid fiat inflation.  But there's not a huge amount of upside potential there.  Even if the goldbugs' dreams were to come true and the fiat system were to collapse and gold were to remonetize and again become the global monetary standard... I imagine you'd be looking at, at most, a 10x increase in gold's real purchasing power.  In contrast, if Bitcoin were to become the global monetary standard, we're talking about a return on the order of 10,000x! More modestly, if Bitcoin were to steal 10% of gold's "market share," we're still talking about a more than 100x return. 
@_date: 2015-02-25 21:35:11
Because that's the number it takes to be a "millionthaire."
@_date: 2015-03-07 17:58:32
Speaking generally, money absolutely creates wealth by facilitating more efficient exchange. In other words, moving from a barter economy to a money economy created wealth. Similarly, it seems clear that moving from an economy that uses a flawed, inefficient form of money to one that uses a better form of money would also create wealth. I personally think that Bitcoin is a better form of money than anything that's come before it because it combines (and exceeds) the reliable scarcity of supply of a commodity like gold with the transactional efficiency of a purely-digital medium. If I'm right, I'll be rewarded with increased wealth for recognizing Bitcoin's potential and current undervaluation. And if I'm wrong I'll lose some wealth. But again, even if Bitcoin proves to be more "tulips 2.0" than "gold 2.0," I don't think the pyramid scheme charge is fair. In any event, time will tell. That's what makes it fun. 
@_date: 2015-11-09 00:13:53


It's gone full something anyway.
@_date: 2015-11-03 14:36:54
When you hold dollars, you're (generally) not "speculating" in the narrow sense that you hope those dollars will purchase *more* in the future. But you are "speculating" in the broader sense that your willingness to hold those dollars is based entirely on your *predictions about others' future valuations* of those dollars.
@_date: 2017-07-08 00:32:02


It's not "full nodes" that enforce anything. It's the market's choice to value (or not value) a particular chain that incentivizes miners to follow rules that preserve Bitcoin's sound money properties.


Sure and if you read on for a few more paragraphs, you'll note that Satoshi was explicitly considering a scenario involving a minority hash rate attacker: "Given our assumption that p &gt; q" (where "p = probability an honest node finds the next block" and "q = probability the attacker finds the next block"). Again Bitcoin only works if we can trust the hash power majority!


It's not about giving them more power; it's about recognizing the power they already have. 


Again, this is just silly. The cryptography wasn't new and won't do you a damn bit of good if the incentive design doesn't work.


That's fine. Everybody needs a hobby. But that doesn't change the fact that what you're wearing is essentially costume armor. The real armor in this case is the market / economic incentive system that Satoshi invented.
@_date: 2015-10-12 00:58:49
But Bitcoin *isn't* "money" yet in the sense that it's not the most widely-used medium of exchange. And the reason that most people trust the dollar as money isn't because they understand the Federal Reserve system or fractional reserve banking (trust me, they don't). It's simply based on their experience that the dollar IS money. They're confident that if they have a hundred dollar bill in their pocket (or a hundred dollars balance in their bank account) that money will be accepted in exchange for goods and services pretty much anywhere and that the purchasing power of those dollars will be more or less the same tomorrow or next month as it is today. In contrast, Bitcoin hasn't become money yet and its present utility (as a speculative investment) isn't obvious to most people almost by definition. And I really don't think that the fact that most people don't understand the computing aspect of Bitcoin is an impediment to their trusting it. Consider that most people trust airplanes enough to fly in them without having a good understanding of how a jet engine works.
@_date: 2017-07-09 22:45:04
Absolutely and didn't mean to suggest otherwise. You can at least *transfer* value from one person to another with cash without a trusted intermediary, but you obviously can't *store* value with fiat cash without trusting the central issuer.
@_date: 2015-03-10 12:34:27
48 hours
@_date: 2017-07-19 17:18:15
said if they submit, Ledger would publish. Here's his response: 
@_date: 2017-07-09 19:53:37
There is a decentralized, peer-to-peer method for making dollar payments: the physical exchange of cash. So why do people so frequently rely on things like PayPal? Because the peer-to-peer method has too much transactional friction. "PayPal" is what we'll end up with for Bitcoin if people continue to insist on artificially introducing transactional friction into the peer-to-peer layer by imposing an arbitrary constraint on transactional capacity. (And of course, that's the optimistic scenario. More realistically, if Bitcoin continues to shoot itself in the foot, it will simply be out-competed by an unhobbled alternative.)
@_date: 2015-02-23 22:41:23
Whether or not it makes sense to buy Bitcoin (and how much) is going to depend on how likely you think it is to go "to the moon" vs. zero, as well as your appetite for risk.  So for example, if you think that in five years there's a 95% chance Bitcoin will be worth nothing and a 5% chance it will be worth 100 times what it is now, it probably makes sense to buy some.  But obviously it wouldn't make sense to invest your entire life savings in Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-02-23 23:01:37
The obvious answer has to do with the benefits of labor specialization.  The neat thing about Bitcoin is not that you *must* "be your own bank" (in the sense of securing your own funds and sending transactions directly to a recipient without an intermediary), it's that you now have the option.  I suppose you can "be your own bank" with cash as far as secure storage is concerned, but there are lots of very good reasons not to do so.  You can't make a backup of cash, encrypt it, or use the equivalent of multi-sig or Shamir's secret sharing algorithm to eliminate the loss of that unique physical item (from e.g., fire or theft) as a single point of failure.  You *can* do all of those things with Bitcoin.  Also with cash, you still can't be your own *central* bank. There's nothing you can do to prevent the money supply from being arbitrarily expanded which has the effect of diminishing the purchasing power of your dollars. Furthermore, with fiat, you simply can't "be your own bank" in the sense of transferring value across distance without an intermediary.  And even if you decide to use a bank-like service with Bitcoin (to obtain some of the benefits of specialized labor), Bitcoin's programmable nature means that you have more options than you had with fiat, including options that minimize the counterparty risk you're exposed to when you use those services.  Again, you can store a paper bitcoin wallet in a bank's vault just as easily as a gold bar, but you can't encrypt the gold bar or store a backup of that same bar in a second secure location.  Nor does fiat allow for M-of-N-type services where the bank is never given complete control of your funds.  
@_date: 2015-02-23 22:09:28


Yes, the risk / reward profiles are very different.  But I'd strongly disagree with the "virtually no reward" claim.  Here's how I'd summarize the two risk / reward profiles.
**Counterparty risk**
Bitcoin's central innovation is that it's the first form of money that can be both stored and transferred (including across distance) without having to trust a central authority. In contrast, if I want to send you dollars, unless it's a person-to-person transfer of physical cash (which has risks of its own), I have to trust some kind of middleman to effectuate the transfer (a bank, PayPal, Western Union, etc.). And to hold dollars, even in cash, means that I have to trust the central bank not to steal their purchasing power through money printing. Gold may require less trust to hold (although safe storage is a non-trivial problem), but the problem of transferring it safely remains, not to mention the fact that physically moving gold is massively inefficient. Bitcoin offers both reliable scarcity of supply and the ability to do peer-to-peer trustless transfers.  
**Market risk**
Ok, you don't have to worry about counterparty risk with Bitcoin (assuming you hold your own coins) but you should probably be a lot more worried about market risk.  The dollar is of course subject to market risk too, but Bitcoin is, at least in most people's estimation, a lot more likely to suddenly lose all or a significant share of its value.  
**User Error**
With great power comes great responsibility.  Being your own bank is cool, but just remember that if you screw up and lose your private keys or get hacked, there's no "Bitcoin, Inc." that can reset your password or reverse a fraudulent transaction.  In my opinion, Bitcoin security in its current state really isn't *that* difficult.  It basically amounts to doing three things: (1) generate a sufficiently-random number (protip: don't make a brainwallet from your favorite song lyric. Better yet, don't use a brainwallet  at all.); (2) don't lose every single copy of that number (protip: make backups and store them in different locations); (3) keep that number a secret (protip: don't store your private keys unencrypted on an internet-connected device). And if you know what you're doing, it's possible to make your bitcoin stash much, much more secure than gold or cash.  But the fact remains that many Bitcoin users will not always use best practices and the risk for loss in such cases is not trivial.  
**Upside Potential**
Suffice it to say that bitcoin has much, much more upside potential than the dollar.  The dollar might strengthen a bit against other currencies or even experience small-scale, short-term increases in its purchasing power (oh noes, deflation!), but it's long-term direction is pretty clear.  Bitcoin might be more likely to halve in value over night, but it's also more likely to double in value overnight.  And if Bitcoin succeeds in becoming a gold-like store of value or a major world currency, its value at that time will of necessity be a few orders of magnitude higher than it is today.  
@_date: 2015-10-26 00:00:44
A tokenized gold transfer system implies you'd be dealing with gold IOUs meaning you've reintroduced counterparty risk (so it's no longer trustless, essentially defeating the entire point). And bitcoin is also fundamentally superior to gold from a scarcity standpoint. Bitcoin has a completely predictable and fixed supply. In contrast, gold's supply is not reliably scarce. If there's a sudden breakthrough in gold mining technology that makes it much cheaper to mine (e.g., asteroid mining becomes feasible), that could radically undermine both its price and people's long-term confidence in gold's viability as a monetary asset.
@_date: 2015-10-20 15:53:04


Yes, that's the function of prices -- to efficiently ration scarce resources. There is only so much saved capital available for investment.  A ton of steel that's used to build a widget factory can't also be used to build a wadget factory.  Saved capital should go to the most productive investment projects (the ones earning the highest returns). If your investment project can't beat the return offered simply by holding money, that's the market's way of telling you that your investment shouldn't be made because there are other more valuable uses of those scarce resources.
@_date: 2015-03-08 17:05:56
The fact that bitcoins can be permanently lost or irreversibly stolen with no central authority that can simply restore a lost account or reverse a theft, is an inevitable consequence of Bitcoin's fundamental value proposition as the first form of money that can be both stored and transferred without the need for a trusted central authority.   Bitcoins can be lost because they're *real*; they can't be arbitrarily magicked into existence by a central authority. In other words, **if bitcoins couldn't be lost, they couldn't be kept**. Kinda Zen, eh?
@_date: 2015-10-25 16:34:02
There's a difference between paying someone for safe storage of your money and *lending* them your money (which is what a bank deposit in a fractional reserve system actually represents).  If banks operated on a 100% reserve basis and couldn't loan out your deposit or do anything else with it other than stick the cash in their vault, then yes, you'd expect to have to pay them for the service of keeping your money safe.  But again, that's not how it works.  And so negative interest rates make absolutely no sense.  
@_date: 2017-07-08 00:16:51


No, not at all. The thing that makes Bitcoin sound money is the system of incentives it created. Being able to verify that a certain set of rules are being followed is nice but the miners can destroy the network without breaking any rules simply by beginning to enforce new rules.  


Yikes! That's the first time I've ever seen someone argue that fiat currency is a market based money! Fiat is the antithesis of free market money. Fiat's *supply* is created by a central issuer who protects its money-printing monopoly with state violence. And the *demand* for fiat is also propped up via state violence in the form of coercively collected taxation payable exclusively in fiat, legal tender laws, etc. 


Bitcoin's cryptography was old. What was new and what allowed Bitcoin to succeed where other projects had failed was the *economic incentive system*.
@_date: 2015-02-24 22:14:01
No, I don't think that was implied. My point is that there's no central authority that can arbitrarily expand the total number of bitcoins in existence.  That's not the case when it comes to the dollar.  What you're referring to I would put under the category of "market risk" -- the risk that the market's future valuation of an asset will be lower than its current valuation (whether because of "manipulation" or some other reason).  The dollar is subject to market risk too, of course, but the market risk associated with holding bitcoins is obviously greater (certainly when considering the short-term perspective).  It's *possible* that the dollar could suddenly lose say, half of its value overnight.  But Bitcoin is obviously a lot more likely to experience that kind of downward volatility. The flipside is that Bitcoin is also more likely to experience significant upward volatility.
@_date: 2017-07-19 19:28:42


Such as?


@_date: 2016-07-03 05:06:54


I did, and thanks! (Hope the PM wasn't obnoxious but your opinion is one I very much respect so I was interested to hear your thoughts.)  


Honestly, I think we're pretty much in agreement. It sounds like our differences mostly come down to the relative weight we assign to those two things (and the relative weight we think the market will ultimately assign).  I think the "stability value" of an ossified block size limit would be relatively modest whereas I think the "increased capacity value" that would come from a larger block size will (eventually) start to become extremely significant.


Thanks very much for the kind words! (And of course you're free to use anything I write however you like.)  


Oh, I agree. I'm certainly not *against* 2nd layer solutions and I fully expect that they'll have a huge role to play in Bitcoin's future. (In fact, I expect that if Bitcoin succeeds in becoming a unit-of-account money, the vast majority of transactions will eventually occur offchain.)  But I still maintain that, by definition, moving transactions to a layer two solution involves adding an additional layer of risk.  Of course, for lots of transactions, that's a perfectly acceptable tradeoff.  But the point is that there's going to be a natural balance between on-chain and off-chain payments.  I think an artificial constraint like the 1-MB will increasingly skew that balance (and as a result, the market will eventually stop tolerating it).
@_date: 2016-07-07 21:45:25
Really? To me, one of the huge problems with the article is that it assumes we're "at a point on the curve" where increasing the block size limit would decrease "decentralization" which isn't necessarily the case. Assume for example that the current block size limit were 0.5 kb, thus allowing for exactly one average-sized transaction per block. I think pretty clearly increasing the block size limit from there to say 50 kb (thereby allowing a 100-fold increase in throughout) would represent a net *increase* in the "decentralization" of the Bitcoin network by any reasonable metric. And even if we *are* at a point where further increases in the limit would result in a decrease in "decentralization," it still becomes a question of whether or not the trade-off is worth it (e.g., if we could increase on-chain throughout 1,000-fold at the cost of a 0.0001 percent reduction in "decentralization," that would presumably be a no-brainer). [Related thoughts here.]( Another major problem I see with the article is the way it ignores the tradeoffs / added risks that are inherent in any layer two solution. [They're not some panacea that magically allows us to keep the block size limit arbitrarily small.](
@_date: 2015-02-23 20:49:16


Not quite. The massive network advantage fiat has over Bitcoin is absolutely a huge hurdle that Bitcoin will have to overcome if it's to reach its potential. The difference is that the dollar isn't an open-source protocol that can steal Bitcoin's thunder by incorporating its best features. Bitcoin *is* an open-source protocol and it *can* be altered to incorporate improvements of would-be competitors. As I always say, Bitcoin isn't really the current protocol that's used to maintain and update the Bitcoin ledger; it is that ledger. The development of a demonstrably superior ledger-updating protocol is not a good reason to just start over from scratch. Doing so would undermine the usefulness of crypto by making it a less reliable store of value. (Because what's to stop the new and improved coin from suffering the same fate?) When you buy a new computer, you don't toss the old one in the trash without first copying over your old files. Alt-ledgers with different protocols should primarily be viewed as testing platforms for possible Bitcoin upgrades.
@_date: 2016-07-03 18:20:57
You might be interested in [my thoughts on the "we can't raise the block size limit because decentralization" argument](
@_date: 2016-07-06 03:53:00




Right, but the point is that there are situations where you *must* "get in line for the teller immediately" in order to prevent a loss of funds.  From the article:


@_date: 2015-10-25 19:11:32


Bitcoin's decentralized, digital nature enables [trustless (censorship-resistant) value transfer and storage]( Where does the market for something like that come from? From people who don't like having their savings / transactions censored. Consider that gold has a several trillion dollar market cap that's driven primarily by its use as a monetary asset. Bitcoin essentially provides a superset of gold's monetary properties. Thus, it doesn't seem unreasonable to me to consider the possibility that Bitcoin might *at least* be able to steal a significant chunk of gold's market share as a store of value / inflationary hedge.  [Related thoughts here.](
@_date: 2015-10-27 19:59:05
Yes, but the purchasing power isn't destroyed, only redistributed. Money isn't wealth. It allows you to make a *claim* on wealth -- scarce, real resources that can be used to directly satisfy human wants and needs. When you burn bitcoins, it's like burning a claim ticket. The resources that you could have claimed aren't destroyed. They're simply going to be available for someone else's use.
@_date: 2015-10-11 22:35:37


[That's NOT Bitcoin's main use case.](
@_date: 2016-07-08 00:35:07
Nope. No idea what that is (and sorry, but I don't feel like listening to find out).
@_date: 2016-07-06 03:41:49


Unfortunately, it's worse than that.  As the article notes:


Or as I said in my original comment:


So we're not just talking about a "small delay."  We're talking about potential loss of funds.


I disagree. I think the comparison holds up very well.  If you want to argue that the risks associated with a traditional bank run are greater than the risks associated with the LN equivalent, that's fine.  But I expressly acknowledged that possibility:


BTW, you know what seems "trollish" to me?  Labeling someone who civilly presents a good-faith argument a "concern troll" while completely sidestepping their actual arguments.   
@_date: 2016-07-05 18:13:32


Consider that in traditional fractional-reserve banking, "anyone" can (in theory) withdraw their cash at any time, but *everyone* can't because there simply isn't enough cash in the system to satisfy the simultaneous withdrawal requests of even a significant minority of depositors. Similarly, with the Lightning Network (particularly when used on top of an artificially-constrained main chain), "anyone" can (in theory) "settle on chain at any time," but *everyone* can't because of the main chain's limited transactional capacity. So it seems that the Lightning Network presents the potential for a "bank run"-type systemic failure, but instead of being caused by a shortage of "cash in the vaults," it's caused by a shortage of "tellers." Now that might not sound as bad: "Well, ok, but there's enough money in the system for all 'depositors' to ultimately be repaid in full, it just might take longer than people like because of this really long line that's being serviced by only a single teller." But--at least as I understand it--the security model of the Lightning Network is based on users' supposed ability to, if needed, settle on chain in a timely manner. So in this case, "payment delayed" is potentially "payment denied" (and to some extent that's always true in view of the time value of money). **TL;DR: The LN is "fractional-teller banking."**
EDIT: This just drives home the fact "off-chain scaling solutions" aren't a panacea.  The fact that they exist (or can be developed) doesn't mean we can afford to keep the main-chain *arbitrarily* small. When you move payments from layer one to a layer two, you have -- by definition -- added a layer of risk.  
@_date: 2016-07-07 23:50:34


Yep, pretty sure (although obviously one of the tricky points here is that there's no single agreed-upon measure for "decentralization"). But the goal of decentralization is censorship-resistance. The point behind my extreme example is that at a certain point, your attempts to guard against censorship result in self-censorship. In other words, if you cripple yourself in an effort to prevent others from hurting you, what good is that? Back to my example, I think it's pretty clear that a block size limit that allowed literally one non-Coinbase transaction per block would not result in a healthy "decentralized" Bitcoin ecosystem -- *again, by any reasonable metric*. How many of the world's 7 billion people would have a prayer of opening or closing a LN payment channel with a main chain that allowed a maximum of about 50,000 transactions per year? (BtW, it occurred to me after my original comment that blocks would have to be bigger than 0.5 kb to allow for coinbase transaction and assorted overhead, not that it's important to the point I'm making.)
@_date: 2016-07-01 19:04:57
Well that's understandable. Unlimited is the superior approach after all. ;)
@_date: 2015-02-24 23:16:44


I agree, and I thought your initial comment made a great point.  I was trying to make that point a little more explicit by mentioning the concept of specialization of labor.


That's fine. Again, *MY* point was not to suggest that "being your own bank" with Bitcoin makes sense for everyone, but the fact that Bitcoin makes it *possible* is (in my opinion) very, very cool.  I think [my earlier comment]( does a pretty good job of outlining the major pros and cons.
@_date: 2016-07-09 02:37:42
The problem isn't that too-small *blocks* have a centralizing effect; the problem is that a too-small block size *limit* does -- where the "smallness" of the limit is relative to the size of the transactional demand.  That's the point of my extreme example where I've made the limit as "small" as possible by both imagining a limit that is as small as possible in absolute terms (i.e., 50k tx / year) and combining it with a massive level of transactional demand (i.e., 7 billion people attempting to use the Bitcoin blockchain as the backbone for the world's financial system).  In that example, the Bitcoin ecosystem (if we assume for the moment that it could somehow survive under these conditions) would be *hugely* centralized.  The LN would obviously be a complete non-starter.  Again, we're talking about, at a minimum, 140,000 years for everyone in the world to simply open a single LN payment channel.  That seems unworkable, no? I guess you could imagine a traditional banking model built on top of this crippled chain but the only use for the actual blockchain would be as a hugely-expensive interbank settlement network.  Maybe if you're a billionaire you could afford to hold some of your wealth yourself on-chain, but everyone else would never touch anything other than Bitcoin IOUs.  
@_date: 2016-07-05 20:15:24
"No big deal. Solutions exist." Well maybe. But obviously we'd need to evaluate those specific proposed solutions to see how much they mitigate the risks we're discussing (and whether or not they themselves open the door to new risks). After all, there are things you can do to try to reduce the risk of a traditional bank run too (e.g., reserve-ratio requirements or having the President declare a national bank holiday until the panic subsides). But I think my fundamental point stands. Layer two solutions, by definition, add an additional layer of risk. Some of these layer two solutions might be really great and represent a huge improvement over traditional banking models such that the added risk is relatively modest. But it's still going to be there. My strong intuition is that the relative significance of the "bank run" risk we're talking about is going to depend on the ratio of transactions being handled by the LN to the main chain's transactional capacity (similar to the way the risk of a traditional bank run was influenced by the bank's reserve ratio).
@_date: 2016-07-08 00:09:42


I certainly agree that it's *especially* crazy to use non-deployed and unproven "layer two solutions" as an argument against a modest increase in the block size limit, but I don't think that layer two solutions can ever *fully* substitute for on-chain scaling. There's always going to be a balance. Related thoughts [here](
@_date: 2016-07-06 11:18:00
Sure, and in a traditional bank run, maybe you can bribe someone at the bank enough to skip the line and withdraw your funds before the bank is completely cleaned out.
@_date: 2016-07-08 04:55:55
Fair enough, although there's obviously a huge amount of overlap between "censorship resistance" and "trustlessness and security." But I don't think the analysis changes any if we swap in "trustlessness."  Do you think that Bitcoin could function as a "trustless" global financial system if its throughput were limited to 50,000 tx/year? If the approximately 7 billion people on this planet got in line to make 1 on-chain transaction each, it would take us around 140,000 years to get through that line. Obviously a block size limit that small would result in a hopelessly non-functional Bitcoin.  You can object that my example is extreme, but it's intended to be because that can be a useful way of making a point. And the point is that a smaller block size limit doesn't *always* mean more decentralization.  At least for a certain threshold size, it means less.  Maybe you think it's clear that we're way above that threshold at 1-MB.  Maybe you're right. But it's not clear to me.  With 1-MB blocks allowing for about 250,000 tx/day, that line we talked about earlier would "only" take about 76 years to work through.  So if you're young and in good health and your last name starts with one of the earlier letters of the alphabet, you just might make it.  Of course, the response to that is that we don't currently have 7 billion people clamoring to use the blockchain, so we're probably ok for now.  And we probably are.  Personally, I support an immediate raise of the block size limit but I also suspect that the current limit isn't doing *that* much damage yet (or the market wouldn't tolerate it).  But it's clear to me that the current limit is not going to be adequate forever if Bitcoin is going to fulfill what I see as its true potential.  And it's also clear to me that there are unavoidable tradeoffs involved here such that keeping the limit "too small" could be just as dangerous (if not more dangerous) than setting it too high. 
@_date: 2016-07-25 14:39:37


"The end"? What end? Bitcoin gets to decide on a new course (or not) every ten minutes. As long as Bitcoin exists, people will attempt to exert influence over its direction (which is as it should be).


Sorry, but this strikes me as a bizarre criticism. What exactly makes these names "whiny"? (And what makes the name "Core" *non*-"whiny"?) What non-"whiny" alternatives would you have suggested?


This is a false dichotomy.  [A block size limit that is "too small" can also lead to dangerous "centralization."](


You shouldn't be happy to switch ledgers because to the extent that's necessary (at least regularly), it radically undermines the viability of crypto as a store of value. Related thoughts [here](
Final thought: I don't actually disagree with a lot of the sentiment behind your post. Don't get me wrong. I think Core is badly mismanaging scaling, but I also think that that mismanagement hasn't (yet) caused much damage. And I also trust that Bitcoin is ultimately a creature of the market.  When the deadweight loss associated with the status quo exceeds the friction of forking, a fork will occur.  Not before.  
@_date: 2016-07-09 03:09:09


Hey, thanks! I think so too. :)


Well, not quite that bad. Right now it's at a score of zero with a "highly controversial" indicator (compared to a +39 in the other sub).  But yeah, I'm not quite sure what I said that should be particularly "controversial."  The TL;DR of my comment is basically that there's no such thing as a free lunch and that tradeoffs exist.  So you can't just shout "decentralization" and "Lightning Network" as though they're some kind of magic trump card that proves that we don't need to raise the block size limit.  The question is: what limit gets the tradeoffs as close to optimal as possible? And of course that's going to be a constantly moving target as conditions change, e.g., technology improves, transactional demand increases, layer two solutions are deployed and proven to be effective (or not effective). And the even better question is: how should that limit be determined -- via a Bitcoin Unlimited-type flexible, emergent (and decentralized) process or by blindly accepting the top-down commands of a particular group of developers? 
@_date: 2016-07-06 11:19:16
Well, geez, now *I* feel like a jerk. :) But seriously, thanks and no worries!
@_date: 2016-07-25 20:38:54


No, I don't think that's "just like" what was talking about at all. He claimed that most Bitcoiners favor a block size limit increase. That implies acceptance of the tradeoffs involved.


I don't think that's what he claimed. He was disputing OP's claim that there exists a "very massive non-vocal majority" that is happy with Bitcoin as is.


Yes, we will absolutely need to allow for larger blocks. Off-chain / "second layer" solutions are a piece of the puzzle, but [they *cannot* substitute for on-chain scaling.](
@_date: 2013-12-22 18:10:06
So according to the thieves it's not a theft? You don't say.
@_date: 2013-12-19 15:05:23
Agreed. I just checked and Overstock.com doesn't even carry under-chair cat hammocks. Pretty lame if you ask me.
@_date: 2013-10-13 16:52:49
Ha ha, I'd never heard of Omegle and thought I'd check it out.  Here's how my Bitcoin conversation went:
















































































I haven't received any bitcoins at that address yet, but I'm pretty excited to see how many he sends me!
@_date: 2016-07-01 03:24:34


I’m actually not *that* concerned either because I trust that Bitcoin is a creature of the market.  When the market *really* wants to fork, it will.  (“Change happens when the pain of staying the same is greater than the pain of change.”) Having said that, as a stakeholder in Bitcoin, I am myself a market participant and as such I’m trying to undermine what I see as unnecessary obstacles to a beneficial change (by, e.g., pointing out the flawed logic of the “strong consensus” position).  


I agree that, *as a general proposition*, certain aspects of Bitcoin’s protocol will tend to “ossify” but I don’t expect that to prove true for the block size limit.  For starters, I don’t think the “pain of change” should be expected to increase quickly.  Raising the block size limit is a *really* straightforward change.  It’s about as simple of a protocol change as one could imagine.  It's not going to require people providing software on top of Bitcoin (e.g., wallets, exchanges, block explorers) to spend thousands of hours rewriting custom code to keep their software compatible.  On the other hand, I think the “pain of staying the same” *will* increase substantially (at least eventually) because the block size limit has a direct impact on [one of Bitcoin’s fundamental monetary properties (what I call “transactional efficiency”)](  I fully agree that, *right now*, Bitcoin’s utility as a payment network is relatively insignificant.  (See for example [this comment of mine](  where I say just that. I also think this is a key point that far too few people in the Bitcoin space seem to understand.) And in my view, that’s why the “pain of staying the same” isn’t yet that high, and why a fork hasn’t happened yet.  (See [this post](  of mine where I argue that the current deadweight loss associated with the 1-MB block size limit is at most about $10,000 per day.)  But that pain will only increase as adoption and transactional demand increase.  Also, I’m convinced that so-called “off-chain scaling” simply *cannot* substitute for actual, on-chain scaling for the reasons outlined [here]( and [here](
@_date: 2013-12-21 00:53:17
We should plan to taper in a few years.
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:16:00
Yeah, I think it's called the dollar.
@_date: 2013-10-31 14:26:14
I'd short Halloween. I've got a hunch it's near a peak and poised for a pretty significant correction.
@_date: 2013-11-23 16:43:30
+flip - thanks! And I guess os.urandom is a well-known quantity that's been shown to be reliably random? 
@_date: 2013-12-05 10:27:40
I don't know. This could be a "real" crash like the one we saw in April. If that's the case, we might have to wait seven whole months for a new all time high (which will be 3-4 times higher than the previous all time high). Pretty sobering thought.
@_date: 2013-08-01 23:09:52
I've come to the conclusion that "ordinary" deflation is simply a market-determined interest rate for the societal loan that all saving represents.  As I wrote a while back over on bitcointalk: 


Of course, the above is a description of the kind of "normal" and relatively modest price deflation that one would expect to see in an economy that used sound money.  The other form of deflation (the scary one that people have in mind when they claim that deflation is bad and warn about "deflationary spirals") is debt deflation. But that kind of deflation is a product of (1) a debt-based monetary system and (2) the distortions caused by using central planning rather than markets to set interest rates.  Seen in that light, debt deflation is a painful (but ultimately necessary) corrective that helps to unwind the misallocations of capital caused by artificially cheap money. 
@_date: 2013-11-09 14:51:46
You mean they're experiencing DEFLATION? That's terribly dangerous! (I learned that in school.) Quick, to the printers!
@_date: 2013-10-30 11:48:52
Load up your cart with a LOT of merchandise. Go to the counter to pay. When they ask "cash or credit," casually say "Bitcoin, please." When the cashier informs you that they don't accept Bitcoin, act incredulous and ask to see a manager. Grow increasingly belligerent and really make a scene.  Finally, storm out of the store, abandoning the cart and loudly declaring "This is bullshit! I'm taking my business elsewhere." 
(In case this needs to be said, this is a joke.)
@_date: 2013-12-22 15:28:03
Magic internet money. +flip
@_date: 2013-08-31 13:23:20
Exactly. You always hear people say stuff like: "If a car costs 1000 dollars today and people know that because of deflation it will only cost 100 dollars next year, no one will buy the car today, and the economy will grind to a halt!"  Oh, so *no one* will pay that much for a car today?  Gosh, in that case, that might not be the market clearing price.  The easiest way to see through the "deflation is bad" nonsense is to recognize that saving IS lending.  Money isn't wealth.  It's an accounting system to facilitate the exchange of wealth. Money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person's wants or needs). Thus, when you save money, you are essentially holding an IOU.  And that's why savers are rewarded with increased purchasing power in an economy that uses sound money.  In that kind of economy, deflation is simply the market-determined interest rate for an extremely low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time (by spending the money). 
@_date: 2013-12-15 10:30:22
Magic. +$.25 verify
@_date: 2013-12-31 23:50:39
The "no" response to the "do you believe in the long-term success of the Bitcoin technology?" question should instead feed into the "do more research" block.
@_date: 2013-10-26 13:13:54
"Cash with wings" + "gold on steroids" = "golden-winged cash on steroids"?
@_date: 2013-08-25 03:23:22
Money is power. Power corrupts. And absolute power corrupts absolutely.  The monopoly power of governments and central banks to create money out of thin air comes uncomfortably close to absolute power.  Like the Ring of Power from the Lord of the Rings, it is simply too great to be wielded by any one person or entity without corrupting them.  Bitcoin, if it succeeds, will effectively cast that ring into Mount Doom.
@_date: 2013-10-31 02:04:30
+$.25 verify 
@_date: 2016-07-09 10:51:25
It wouldn't necessarily. Consider:
@_date: 2013-11-06 19:09:02
It looks like he was only mostly dead.
@_date: 2013-11-23 16:48:05
I'd love to see someone put together a historical archive of all the gifs that have been used with the dates / milestones they were used for. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:12:08
Here's my standard comment on deflation. See what you think.
The fixed-supply (deflationary) nature of Bitcoin is a feature, not a bug. Yes, deflation makes saving (deferring consumption) relatively more attractive than immediate consumption. But that's not a bad thing, and it's only half of the story. It also makes acquiring money more attractive. And how does one acquire money (assuming they're not a central bank and can't just create it out of thin air)? By receiving it in exchange for providing valuable goods and services. The easiest way to see that deflation is in fact beneficial is to recognize that **saving money is really just a form of lending.** Money isn’t wealth. It’s an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. In other words, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person’s wants or needs -- you can't eat 100-dollar bills, after all). Thus, when you save money, you are essentially holding an IOU. Imagine that you have enough money to buy a car today but hold off buying the car for a year. In that scenario, that car (or the resources that would have gone into making it) is still available to be immediately used by someone else. You have effectively loaned it to them. And that’s why savers are rewarded with increased purchasing power in an economy that uses sound money. In that kind of economy, **deflation is simply the market-determined interest rate for an extremely low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time** (by spending the money).
@_date: 2013-11-01 18:14:49
That's only a stopgap solution. I think we need to stay ahead of this problem. I propose that we add more decimal places now and begin pricing everything in "nakamotos" (1/100,000,000 of a satoshi).
@_date: 2013-12-03 23:02:31
Sure it does. Money isn't wealth. Instead, it represents *your right to make an immediate claim on wealth*, i.e. useful goods and services.  When you don't exercise that claim immediately and instead save your money, the resources that would have gone into satisfying your present consumption remain available to be immediately used by others -- including new businesses.  You've effectively made a loan to the remaining holders of the currency who do spend now whether for consumption or investment.  (They're able to buy cheaper because there's now less money chasing the same number of resources.)  And that's why savers are rewarded with increased purchasing power over time in an economy that uses sound money.  In such an economy, deflation is simply the market-determined interest rate for an extremely low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time.  
EDIT: And it should also be noted that the 10-fold year-over-year increases in bitcoin's purchasing power we've seen since its inception don't represent the kind of "price deflation" that we'd expect in a mature economy (i.e., once Bitcoin has taken over the world).  Instead, the enormous increase in bitcoin's valuation is (depending on your viewpoint) an example of "hypermonetization" -- or an insane speculative bubble.  Either way, the current pace of exponential growth is obviously not sustainable indefinitely.
@_date: 2013-11-23 02:01:49
Here's my take on deflation. See what you think.
The fixed-supply (deflationary) nature of Bitcoin is a feature, not a bug. Yes, deflation makes saving (deferring consumption) relatively more attractive than immediate consumption. But that's not a bad thing, and it's only half of the story. It also makes acquiring money more attractive. And how does one acquire money (assuming they're not a central bank and can't just create it out of thin air)? By receiving it in exchange for providing valuable goods and services. The easiest way to see that deflation is in fact beneficial is to recognize that **saving money is really just a form of lending.** Money isn’t wealth. It’s an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. Money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person’s wants or needs -- you can't eat 100-dollar bills, after all). Thus, when you save money, you are essentially holding an IOU. For example, if you have enough money to buy a car today but hold off buying the car for a year, that car (or the resources that would have gone into making it) is still available to be immediately used by someone else. You have effectively loaned it to them. And that’s why savers are rewarded with increased purchasing power in an economy that uses sound money. In that kind of economy, **deflation is simply the market-determined interest rate for an extremely low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time** (by spending the money).
@_date: 2013-09-21 19:32:09
If you had to tell her...
@_date: 2013-12-21 18:15:31
I'd be curious to hear your thoughts on my arguments re: deflation.
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:21:26
Haha, nice. I started writing the rest of the verses and made it to eight. Anyone want to jump in with the rest / suggested improvements?
Eight bankers freaking
Seven ASICs hashing
Six mixers mixing
FIVE CASASCIUS COINS
Four crying bears
Three black swans
Two alpaca socks
And a satoshi and a private key
@_date: 2013-12-25 19:56:28
No, Dogecoin is Bitcoin's best friend.
@_date: 2013-10-05 00:44:25


True. US dollars are pretty much guaranteed to lose purchasing power over time. That's not the case with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-02 19:30:21
Yeah, honey badger just got bitten by the poisonous snake and is feeling a little under the weather right now. But in the end, honey badger is still gonna eat the snake.
@_date: 2013-12-28 03:29:00
Imagine if Satoshi had presented his solution just 600 years earlier, the Byzantine Empire might never have fallen.
@_date: 2013-09-02 21:17:57
I had my own Mom-like moment.  I got temporarily hung up on the "Why not share some of your new Bitcoin with friends?" page.  Instead of the small "Don't have a Facebook" link, I'd suggest a "No thanks" button that's equally as prominent as the button for logging into facebook.
@_date: 2013-10-13 16:25:01
21,000,000 bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-10-28 23:22:43
IMDB gives a release date of January 15, 2014.  
The most recent entry on the official site's "update/blog" section was posted July 1, 2013 and talks about being in the "final days of production." 
@_date: 2013-12-28 20:16:53


Well, I did count at least three references to "BitCoin."  That capital 'C' is usually a pretty dead giveaway that you're dealing with a noob.  I'd suggest Krugman start by reading the "Getting Started" / "FAQ" / and "Common Myths" resources stickied on the right and then get back to us with any questions.
@_date: 2013-11-08 18:49:44
I don't begrudge anyone who wants to spend a few satoshis playing around with alts, but remember not to invest more BTC than you can afford to lose. In the case of the dollar, keep in mind that you're dealing with an experimental currency that's only been around in its current form for around 40 years. While it's true that past performance is no guarantee of future results, past performance can be instructive. And in this case that performance screams "stay away!" Also, the dollar is not open source which should be another huge red flag. All dollars are premined and given first to the developers' friends. You CAN buy your own mining equipment (high quality laser printer) but if the developers find out they will -- not making this up -- send men with guns over to your house and have you locked in a cage. (And you thought the litcoin pumpers were obnoxious.) I'd pass on this one.
@_date: 2013-10-23 13:35:23
Yeah, I don't get it. If the inflation rate were 4% and you agreed on a nominal interest rate of 2%, your friend would also be paying you back with "less money" in the purchasing power sense (which is all that really matters).
@_date: 2013-11-17 03:35:51


Definitely. The Khan videos are great, but they're too long for someone whose interest in the subject has not already been piqued.  And more importantly, they focus on the *how* (cryptography) of Bitcoin rather than the *why* (money).  But the failure to understand money is by far the larger stumbling block for most people.  People use all kinds of technology without understanding *how* they work, but they can usually appreciate *why* those technologies are useful / valuable.
@_date: 2013-11-26 00:55:52
@_date: 2013-12-15 14:28:20
Well, yeah, but I prefer to look at it this way: I'm already rich. I'm just waiting for the rest of the world to acknowledge it.
@_date: 2013-10-30 21:57:37
That's odd. I tried to subscribe and then noticed they don't appear to accept Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-23 13:57:49
Hmm, I found this discussion: 
Now, if someone smarter than I am could ELI5 what it all means and why I can trust Electrum, they just might receive a visit from the bitcointip fairy...
@_date: 2013-10-11 21:50:54


Is that a serious question? Watch five minutes of this and try to honestly tell me that Steve Martin is not the funniest man alive.
@_date: 2013-12-01 14:11:45
Paying off debt is awesome, but never sell *all* your coins.
@_date: 2013-06-19 16:17:26
If you really loved her, you would dump her. You're no damn good for her and you know it! ;)
@_date: 2013-12-13 01:51:52
"I don't even look at the price. I just read about Bitcoin for the articles."
@_date: 2013-10-07 21:43:38
Next they're going to try to tell us what we can or cannot put into our own bodies. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 12:16:00
Congrats!!! +$1 verify 
To be used for their college fund only. :)
@_date: 2013-12-23 17:09:46


Litecoin may be silver to Bitcoin's gold, but Dogecoin is Bitcoin's best friend.
@_date: 2013-11-14 03:14:35
I've heard you speak in support of Bitcoin, and I've heard Peter Schiff speak against Bitcoin. I'm not sure "challenge" is really the right word... Be gentle.
@_date: 2013-11-22 19:57:10
Welcome to the rabbit hole. +flip verify
@_date: 2013-12-01 02:38:18
Hey Roger, isn't it time for a new bet re: the next two years? :)
@_date: 2013-10-31 12:54:39
Here's my take on deflation. See what you think.
The fixed-supply (deflationary) nature of Bitcoin is a feature, not a bug. Yes, deflation makes saving (deferring consumption) relatively more attractive than immediate consumption. But that's not a bad thing, and it's only half of the story. It also makes acquiring money more attractive. And how does one acquire money (assuming they're not a central bank and can't just create it out of thin air)? By receiving it in exchange for providing valuable goods and services. The easiest way to see that deflation is in fact beneficial is to recognize that **saving money is really just a form of lending.** Money isn’t wealth. It’s an accounting system used to facilitate the exchange of wealth. Money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person’s wants or needs -- you can't eat 100-dollar bills, after all). Thus, when you save money, you are essentially holding an IOU. For example, if you have enough money to buy a car today but hold off buying the car for a year, that car (or the resources that would have gone into making it) is still available to be immediately used by someone else. You have effectively loaned it to them. And that’s why savers are rewarded with increased purchasing power in an economy that uses sound money. In that kind of economy, **deflation is simply the market-determined interest rate for an extremely low-risk loan that can be recalled at any time** (by spending the money).
@_date: 2013-10-31 16:52:58
I think his syntax was off. +$.25 verify
@_date: 2013-10-29 20:57:28
Help indeed! There are a lot of new posts coming in from curious newbs.
@_date: 2013-09-07 11:51:00
Agreed, this is how I usually put it:
The reason it's so hard for most people to understand Bitcoin is that most people don't really understand money. Money isn't wealth. It's an accounting system for facilitating the exchange of wealth. (The paradox of money is that while everyone wants it, no one *actually* wants it -- they want the stuff they can buy with it.) Many people are put off by the fact that bitcoins are "just information" -- but that's what ALL money is! More specifically, money is a means for credibly conveying information about value given but not yet received (or at least not yet received in a form in which it can directly satisfy a person's wants or needs). To put it yet another way, money is a ledger. With fiat currencies like the dollar, that ledger is centralized. And that gives the central authority responsible for maintaining that ledger tremendous power, power that history has proven will inevitably be abused. With Bitcoin, the ledger is *de*centralized. And that means that no one individual or entity has the power to arbitrarily create new units (thereby stealing purchasing power from existing holders of the currency), freeze (or seize) your account, or block a particular payment from being processed. We've had decentralized money before. For example, no one can simply print new gold into existence. And the "ledger" of gold is distributed because the physical gold itself (the "accounting entries" in the metaphor) is distributed. But with gold, that decentralization comes at a heavy price (literally). The physical nature of gold makes it hugely inefficient from a transactional perspective. Enter Bitcoin. It is the first currency in the world that is both decentralized *and* digital. It is more reliably-scarce than gold, more transactionally-efficient than "modern" digital banking, and enables greater financial privacy than cash. It could certainly still fail for one reason or another, but if it doesn't, it has the potential to be very, VERY disruptive.
@_date: 2013-11-14 03:18:07
Why not up the stakes a little? Make it 1 CombiBar of gold.
@_date: 2013-11-24 01:10:25
I don't suppose you have any inside information? Of course, if you DID have such information, you probably wouldn't be able to tell us. You'd probably be obligated to say something ambiguous like "no comment?... :)
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:26:48
Yeah, I know, just making a joke. I think the economic thinking behind Freicoin is flawed and that it's destined to be a flop. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 15:31:35


Me. I promise that, no matter what happens, I will stand willing to buy all 21 million bitcoins at a rate of $1.00 / million BTC. To this I pledge my sacred honor and all of my reddit karma.
@_date: 2013-12-19 19:44:02
The lowest-hanging fruit is my conclusion? :/ And yes, sticking  cash in a mattress DOES *effectively* function as a loan. The "loan" is to the remaining holders of the currency who *do* choose to spend now -- whether for consumption or investment. (They're able to buy cheaper because there's now less money chasing the same number of resources.)
@_date: 2013-06-19 04:03:48
I don't care how much you season fiat. I still find it distasteful.
@_date: 2013-10-07 04:14:42
Ha, yeah, and I'm relieved to see how small the "risk" is.  I'm going all in!
@_date: 2013-11-25 16:48:32
Wow, thanks for looking into this. I'll follow up when I get home.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:35:22


Super bullish!
@_date: 2013-12-12 15:14:12
Zoom out a tad.
@_date: 2013-11-11 12:28:12
I love that "5-satoshi footlong" would have tracked their old ad campaign better but that you opted for 50 satoshis instead -- presumably because you thought that was a more realistic price target.  ($10,000,000 /BTC versus $100,000,000) :)
@_date: 2013-12-17 18:58:17
No, you can still get a divorce. You just need to acquire 51% of the network's hashing power. So it ends up being almost as expensive as a regular divorce. 
@_date: 2013-11-23 12:56:24
Related (sort of): how confident can we be in the randomness of the RNG that generates the wallet seeds?
@_date: 2013-11-23 23:16:16
Thanks very much for the writeup! +roll verify
@_date: 2013-12-24 15:07:47
People should worry less about *who* is getting richer and more about *how* they're getting richer. If it's through voluntary exchange, that's great. That makes it much more likely that the people getting rich have in fact created that wealth (and enriched others in the process). On the other hand, if people are getting rich by rent-seeking (which implies that coercion is involved), that's not so good. How does Bitcoin fit in to all this? It represents a voluntary and censorship-resistant alternative to fiat, a system that relies entirely on coercion and is extremely susceptible to censorship.
@_date: 2013-12-01 20:37:24
Yep, but fiat is the sinking ship. Bitcoin is the lifeboat.
@_date: 2013-12-28 02:43:46
You've got it backwards.  They're positioning themselves to acquire Square.  It's "and Circle gets the Square" not "and Square gets the Circle."
@_date: 2013-11-25 12:03:14
Sorry, one followup - I tried to restore a wallet using a randomly chosen 32 digit hex value and it seemed to work (gave me a 12-word mnemonic), but it didn't autopopulate with new addresses / change addresses and I couldn't figure out how to ask Electrum to create them for the new seed. Any ideas?
@_date: 2013-12-15 14:15:24
+flip verify
@_date: 2013-12-04 23:29:22


No 1Santa vanity address? 
@_date: 2013-12-25 23:10:46
You know, in the early days was great, but lately with the flood of new users, it seems like all you see over there are low-quality meme / joke posts.  I'm sure I'll get downvoted into oblivion for saying this, but frankly it's turned into a real circlehump. For those of you who are interested in a *serious* discussion of the technology behind Dogecoin and the philosophical, political, and economic implications of the world's first shiba inu-themed cryptocurrency, I'd recommend you check out @_date: 2013-11-25 23:58:29
@_date: 2013-11-10 21:01:31
Where's the palm scanner? Or are you saving that for the next model? 
@_date: 2013-12-28 20:05:31


Close.  But it's states and central banking that are the "weapons," wielded by the parasitic class against the common man.  Bitcoin was designed as a shield.
@_date: 2013-11-01 20:47:49
People will still buy things in a deflationary environment. The point of having money is always to spend it *eventually*. If it's *never* spent, it becomes useless. So it's really just a question of allocating consumption across time. Also consider that the extraordinary rates of deflation people always imagine (in an attempt to suggest no one will spend) are unsustainable. "Would you buy a car today that cost 1000 bucks if you knew that it would cost 500 tomorrow?" No, probably not. Very few people would. On the other hand, LOTS of car sellers would love to sell at that price. (Even if you need your car, why not sell it today and buy another one tomorrow at half price?) Lots of people willing to sell at that price and almost no one willing to buy = that won't be today's market clearing price. The actual rate of deflation will reach an equilibrium reflecting people's preferences. Would you buy a car today for 1000 bucks if you knew that the same car would cost 950 bucks in a year? Well, maybe. It depends on how much you want the car now.
@_date: 2013-08-24 12:04:53
This headline sums things up pretty well.  "Step 1: Force Pot Clubs To Use Cash. Step 2: Bar Them From Hiring Guards. Step 3: Finger-Wag About Drug Violence." 
@_date: 2013-11-12 17:31:05
That IS a great comment. ;) 
+flip verify
@_date: 2013-11-13 18:23:36
+flip verify
Not on the sidelines anymore. You're one of us now. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:23:48
At the most fundamental level, Bitcoin isn't the current protocol that's used to update the Bitcoin ledger. It *is* the ledger. The protocol can be (and has been) changed and improved.
@_date: 2013-12-21 00:36:53
Yeah, this is a VERY cool idea! And yes, *anyone* could donate to the address.  It would be neat to flash the QR code for a repayment address at the start of the segment and then track how much is donated live before the segment ends.  I know I would make a point to tune in and chip in, and I'm guessing I'm not alone...
EDIT: And hithere1978's suggestion that the money be donated to charity is an excellent one.
@_date: 2013-12-15 21:37:17
Good man! +roll verify
@_date: 2013-11-23 22:02:56


Any chance you could provide instructions?
@_date: 2013-12-26 21:50:13
Why is that directed at me? I'm not the one posting links to dogecoin endorsements.
@_date: 2013-10-13 23:19:25


@_date: 2013-12-01 20:28:59




@_date: 2013-11-01 18:28:38
Great points. +$.50
@_date: 2013-11-06 18:38:38
@_date: 2013-11-18 17:07:47
"Mr. President, we must not allow a Bitcoin gap!"
I hope someone works this angle at today's hearing.
@_date: 2013-12-26 22:25:27
Easy solution. Give him another 1.0 BTC.  
@_date: 2013-11-18 19:07:00
Yeah, I know, but I thought "Mr. President" would be funnier as a clearer movie reference. (And hey, the Senate does technically have a president.)
@_date: 2013-12-26 17:40:03
Thinly-veiled endorsement of dogecoin?
@_date: 2013-12-28 02:14:01
I too have lost a ton of money playing the dice. It's tempting but so not worth it!
edit: *clears throat, slightly louder*
**I too have lost a ton of money playing the dice. It's tempting but so not worth it!**
@_date: 2013-10-31 11:52:08
This is a really great talk on Bitcoin as money given by Erik Voorhees.  
@_date: 2013-11-17 00:18:45
I'd recommend pairing up with a like-minded friend and going door-to-door to spread the word.  Be sure to dress appropriately -- always wear a suit and tie.  Whenever someone answers the door, first hand them a copy of the Whitepaper.  Then ask if they've heard the good news about Satoshi Nakamoto and if their savings have been saved from eternal devaluation.  Finally, after you've convinced them of the superiority and awesomeness of the one true currency, invite them to join you at your next Bitcoin meetup.
@_date: 2013-11-23 01:55:21
See for yourself. +1 internet verify
@_date: 2013-10-12 12:56:18
Oh man, are you serious? You weren't supposed to actually watch any of it once you figured it out what it was. And you say you sat through an entire 5 minutes? Now I feel guilty. +all verify
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:09:38
"Intrinsic value" is, in my opinion, kind of a silly term.  All value is subjective - it requires a valuer.  When people talk about gold having "intrinsic value," what they're really talking about is non-monetary usefulness.  Some of the demand for gold is driven by its usefulness as something other than a financial asset (e.g. jewelry electronics, etc.).  But... so what? The fact remains that the vast majority of gold's relatively high market price is driven by its monetary usefulness.  More importantly, money doesn't need to be useful for anything other than money.  You need two things for a price: scarcity and usefulness.  Bitcoin's scarcity is baked into the protocol.  Only 21 million whole units will ever be created.  And it's useful because it's useful *as money*. It's amazingly divisible, fungible, portable, identifiable, etc. 
@_date: 2013-09-12 18:27:49
Or even easier, just keep using fiat.
@_date: 2013-08-26 15:57:30
Drug prohibition is all about harm promotion.  The "logic" of prohibition says that because the use of drugs can sometimes be harmful for certain individuals, we should deliberately harm everyone who uses drugs (other than, for some reason, booze, tobacco, or pharmaceuticals with a permission slip) by arresting them, incarcerating them, fining them, using asset forfeiture laws to steal their property, branding them for life as "criminals," causing them to lose their jobs, taking away their children, permanently impairing their employment prospects, and making them ineligible for various forms of government assistance, etc. And of course, those are only some of the ways in which prohibition promotes harm. There's also the way it engenders black market violence, promotes official corruption, discourages problem users from seeking help, and makes the drugs themselves more dangerous (unregulated underground markets mean uncertain potency and purity).  The Silk Road, on the other hand, is helping individuals to avoid some of those harms by, for example, making it less likely that the users of politically-disfavored intoxicants will become victims of state violence or black market violence. It's also helping consumers to be more informed about what they're buying and incentivizing sellers to provide safer products and truthful information (through its seller feedback system). That's what I call harm reduction.
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:20:41
Finally we have a rebuttal to all the naysayers who claimed that somehow Bitcoin wasn't a "real currency" because "you can't fly to space with it"!
@_date: 2013-10-16 22:07:39
"If he used PGP, you must set him free." 
(I know. Pretty weak. I'm sure someone can do better.)
@_date: 2013-11-23 01:52:05
+flip verify
@_date: 2013-12-28 15:07:42
Bernanke is a chicken butt.
@_date: 2013-12-17 19:18:58
Bitcoin isn't the current implementation of the Bitcoin protocol used to maintain the Bitcoin ledger; it is that ledger. The protocol can and will be changed -- when there's a sufficiently compelling reason to do so. The emergence of an alt-ledger (a more appropriate term in my view than "alt-coin") that begins to *seriously* challenge Bitcoin's dominance due to a superior protocol (something we have yet to see) would represent a significantly compelling reason. That's not to say that Bitcoin's ledger can't ever be displaced by an alt. But I don't see it being as likely as many seem to think.
@_date: 2013-08-31 17:40:29
I don't think you're understanding my point. When you save money (even if you just stick cash in a safe -- or bitcoins in a cold wallet) you are forgoing your right to make an immediate claim on a certain amount of *stuff* in the real world. To use another car example, if you have enough money to buy a car today but hold off buying the car for a year, that car (or the resources that would have gone into making it) is still available to be immediately used by someone else. You have effectively loaned it to them. (Again, the key is to remember that money isn't wealth.) 
@_date: 2013-09-20 22:03:41
A few points that often get lost in these discussions about fractional reserve banking and Bitcoin. First, unlike with fiat currencies, the Bitcoin "monetary base" is finite and predictable (it will never expand beyond 21 million coins). There's also much less reason to expect that fractional reserve banking will significantly expand the Bitcoin money supply. With dollars you put them in a bank to keep them safe from theft (not needed with BTC, in fact you're likely INCREASING your risk when you entrust your bitcoins to a third party) and to facilitate payment at a distance (already built in with BTC).  There's just much less need for traditional banking. And FRB only expands the money supply if people treat the debt instruments as the equivalent of money and trade them in place of money. I guess some people might make payments by transferring from one exchange balance to the next, but most people are going to want to take direct control of their coins. (I am way too paranoid to hold a sizable balance on an exchange for any length of time.) Finally, there's no equivalent of FDIC insurance to create moral hazard such that people have no incentive to worry about the solvency of their Bitcoin "banks."
@_date: 2013-12-21 13:53:56
So you can  easily import the funds from a paper wallet into a digital wallet when you're ready to spend them.
@_date: 2013-10-31 11:39:26
Yes, you can generate as many addresses as you like.  Go to the "Receive Money" tab and click on "New Address."  You can also import addresses from other wallets using the Import / Export feature.  If you just import the address it will be "watch only" (you can follow the balance of that address but not spend it) -- you need to import the private key if you want to be able to spend those funds.  Let me know if that's not clear. 