@_author: caracareddit
@_date: 2015-12-02 20:08:53
Couldn´t the NSA or CIA be backing bitcoin? They want a better USA to or not? Are bankers collaborating to make USA a more powerful country or they are fucking its future?
Bankers and some billionaires don´t have loyalty for any country.They just do business and live where they find the best bargains/conditions.
Most bitcoins are in Americans hands and silicon valey could became the bank of the world.Really providing basic banking and investment services for several billions of people.
Plus creating a more stable monetary regime for trade between country s.
@_date: 2015-12-02 19:55:21
Don´t believe its game over.Mtgox had a huge amount of bitcoins too.The ones that kept them in a more secure storage(NEVER LEAVE BITCOINS IN AN EXCHANGE) just got richer.
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:45:16
It is marketing strategy and community strengthening...Actually it would be very, very powerful.
@_date: 2014-02-26 20:50:10
Agree,massive adoption of p2p mining pools should start as soon as possible.
But at the end of the day some really anonymous coins will prevail...At least to be used by criminals.They cant stop it.
@_date: 2014-07-21 03:55:21
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:53:32
International Monetary Fund says policymakers have failed to stabilize sector and protect taxpayers from banks too big to fail.
Could bitcoin save the day?
@_date: 2014-07-27 19:06:30
Yes, but the value of each fork will decrease in the first weeks and after sometime one of the forks will became much more valuable than the other.
One of the forks will also lose its miners and become a easy target to 51% attacks.
@_date: 2014-07-20 04:11:00
The bitcoin community has a amazing potencial and only a hard fork would keep them engaged.I don´t believe that an altcoin will be able to ever reach bitcoins network effect and its market value.
But i understand the important role of altcoins as a testing area for an anonymous cryptocoin code.
@_date: 2014-07-21 04:12:27
The only way out of this is turning bitcoin in something impossible to regulate.Impossible to find the users and oversee its transactions.
As it is today we could have black and white bitcoins and its is not acceptable because fungibility would be extinguished.
If miners and pools with considerable hash power agree and accept a new bitcoin hardfork with some anonymous feature implemented in the new code it would be the end of this problems. But this hardfork must be done as late as possible, because this new regulations will bring a lot of people very quickly and turn them in stakeholders that will care, like us. This hardfork should use TOR network and some coinjoin/cryptonote implementation. Only the new hard fork will fulfill satoshi´s dream and with its fungibility and privacy will became a new kind of money that could change the world. The old fork (bitcoin as it is today) is just a financial tool for the rich, banks and will suffer 51% attacks very soon as miners adopt the new fork.Its only new feature would be the deflation nature, but without fungibility it will never reach its true potencial. I believe that bitcoin without an anonymity feature will also generate a lot of data for bigdata!! I could even be one more tool for surveillance. The banks and the government don´t want no one else minting currency.Pools and miners are their enemy, and sometime you wont have another option. You also can´t wait too much because once they get that they may try to buy hash power or find some other attack vector against your business. It will also be very funny to watch all regulatory work becoming useless in a blink of an eye as any kind of punishment will be almost impossible. And finally they will start to understand that a new age of financial liberty arrived and the fractional reserve/paper currency party is over.
@_date: 2014-03-25 14:12:16
We have a lot of people with coding knowledge, some or a lot of economy knowledge, entrepreneurs with and without experecience and some others kind of people that can manage risk.
But we also have other kind of people here:
-idiots that believe in everything
-people that are usually conned by pyramid schemes.
-intelligent people that are newbies in bitcoin and didn´t have time to get informed.
And this groups are supporting this exchanges and supported mtgox.
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:47:52
In my opinion you are just choosing between two options:
1- Quick mainstream adoption of a bitcoin with a lot of restrictions for global expansion.People with 10BTC get rich in 5 years.
2-Long term(10 to 15years) and inevitable global mainstream adoption.If wall street and the government want to stay out that´s ok.They will became much much poorer.The word wants that kind of deflationary currency so so much that no one will be able to stop it.Think about the drugs market.Its is impossible to stop and drugs are available worldwide.
But this kind of currrency has 10x more appel that drugs.Everybody needs it!It will be very dificult to convince people that this is bad for them.Old, young , black, white, poor, rich, everybody! The market may be much bigger.
P2p encrypted online markets will make its buying and selling very easy!No violence at all.Not like the ugly drug´s market.
Off course, it will take time to people understand and start to trust.But in 15 years we could have a bitcoin with 500.000$ value.When it start to work as a global reserve of value.
BUT, as i said.This option of hard fork may be tried anytime and a lot of times!We can wait more 1 ou 2 years to gain more mainstremm adoption.But someday  the banks and the government will invest and become the bigger miner!! Them everything comes back to their hands.And the hardfork will be inevitable and there will be this two digital currencys living side by side.Until the anonymous one win, because its simply better as a currency.
As it will be a hardfork, people will have coins in both blockchains and each one will decide its time to change.No altcoins will work because great part off the marketcap of bitcoin is the value of its community.
@_date: 2014-07-21 21:20:27
No, i didn´t.Very interesting...
@_date: 2014-07-29 15:21:40
A p2p exchange that may solve This  problems.
@_date: 2014-07-21 03:30:34
If miners and pools with considerable hash power agree and accept a new bitcoin hardfork with some anonymous feature implemented in the new code it would be the end of this problems.
But this hardfork must be done as late as possible, because this new regulations will bring a lot of people very quickly and turn them in stakeholders that will care, like us.
This hardfork should use TOR network and some coinjoin/cryptonote implementation.
Only the new hard fork will fulfill satoshi´s dream and with its fungibility and privacy will became a new kind of money that could change the world.
The old fork (bitcoin as it is today) is just a financial tool for the rich, banks and will suffer 51% attacks very soon as miners adopt the new fork.Its only new feature would be the deflation nature, but without fungibility it will never reach its true potencial.
I believe that bitcoin without an anonymity feature will also generate a lot of data for bigdata!! I could even be one more tool for surveillance.
The banks and the government don´t want no one else minting currency.Pools and miners are their enemy, and sometime you wont have another option.
You also can´t wait too much because once they get that they may try to buy hash power or find some other attack vector against your business.
@_date: 2015-05-11 02:27:53
The government could give credibility and tons of money for this exchange.We would see a exchange with very special acess to stock markets and financial institutions (itbit? some ETFs?).
They would target the next wave of adopters, especially the average joes. 
This could drain a lot of money from bitcoin economy suppressing its value for some time.
@_date: 2014-07-21 03:43:47
If miners and pools with considerable hash power agree and accept a new bitcoin hardfork with some anonymous feature implemented in the new code it would be the end of this problems.
But this hardfork must be done as late as possible, because this new regulations will bring a lot of people very quickly and turn them in stakeholders that will care, like us.
This hardfork should use TOR network and some coinjoin/cryptonote implementation.
Only the new hard fork will fulfill satoshi´s dream and with its fungibility and privacy will became a new kind of money that could change the world.
The old fork (bitcoin as it is today) is just a financial tool for the rich, banks and will suffer 51% attacks very soon as miners adopt the new fork.Its only new feature would be the deflation nature, but without fungibility it will never reach its true potencial.
I believe that bitcoin without an anonymity feature will also generate a lot of data for bigdata!! I could even be one more tool for surveillance.
The banks and the government don´t want no one else minting currency.Pools and miners are their enemy, and sometime you wont have another option.
You also can´t wait too much because once they get that they may try to buy hash power or find some other attack vector against your business.
It will also be very funny to watch all regulatory work becoming useless in a blink of an eye as any kind of punishment will be almost impossible. And finally they will start to understand that a new age of financial liberty arrived and the fraction
al paper currency party is over.
@_date: 2015-05-11 00:39:37
"fear ass" LOL. Realy have to post again.
@_date: 2017-03-27 14:31:52
there is always hidden strategy in complex stuff like that. and i am using "may be gathering" because i don´t have proof.just want to spread ideas because the "bu people are insane" or "don´t understand bitcoin" is veryyy improbable!
@_date: 2015-05-11 02:37:36
Mtgox operator used a bot to boost the price.He was trying to drain as much fiat as he could for his personal gain.He also used a fractional reserve to do this.But i am describing the opposite strategy.A exchange that would keep pumping money to suppress the price using a fractional reserve?
@_date: 2017-03-27 14:14:37
A lot of people talk about swift inefficiency. Money disappearing, lots of interfaces between systems, etc... 
@_date: 2017-03-27 14:19:33
sorry, OP definition?
@_date: 2017-03-27 14:12:11
just raising hypothesis. no proof.
@_date: 2017-01-11 04:03:53
Going deeper in Van Gogh.
People use it as "store of value" and everything else is bullshit.
BUT there is some prerequisites to use something as "store of value"
Lets try to understand if art could have properties of money.
1-Rareness - There is only one Van gogh - OK
2-hard to counterfeit - True - OK
3-People acceptance in your culture - You will ask how much the last owner paid for it. And as people are not that good in value definition they are biased in accepting that last price as a reference. And considering that as a social acceptance - OK
4 - Fungilibity - Yes, because there is only one of each painting.So they (1) have the same value - OK
5- Portable - Yes - OK
6-Divisible - No - But it don´t matter so much - OK
7-Durable - More or less - But have a considerable life time. OK
Turns out its is just a pré bitcoin technology. It was a special  monetary ledger just accessible for the very rich.
And all that museum exhibitions and art nonsense is just a way to keep your assets in peoples imaginary . A way to invest in its valorization through more social acceptance.
@_date: 2017-01-11 03:32:09
The value of everything is in people memory, culture, habits. Intrinsic value is just a part of the value of things.
Intrinsic value is the present value of a stream of income generated by the asset.But as i said, it is just a part of the value.
How much would real estate prices fall if it only worked for its original purposes? It´s investment and store of value use creates a huge extra demand that inflates its price much beyond its intrinsic value. Its is a "monetary use" that creates "monetary value".
That´s what turns bitcoins in something valuable .The best ever monetary/payment system ever created. A pure "monetary value". It is THE FIRST universal monetary ledger for free and fair trade of work and assets between humans.FREE and FAIR!!
I am not an economist, and its not my native language. Sorry for some terms misuse.
@_date: 2016-09-23 02:50:27
Best video ever!!  about about this subject !
Need translation in  several languages.
@_date: 2017-07-04 14:13:29
could you suggest another multicurrency wallet?
@_date: 2013-12-17 10:46:56
Ultimately the bitcoin comunity will have to fund the peer2peer internet to survive and grow to its true potencial? We already have some projects under way.