@_author: carbon140
@_date: 2017-08-31 07:12:09
Aw man, another separate software download for something people expect to be able to use in their browser. We need a browser with built in decentralization that can handle apps like this along with regular web browsing or something. None of these platforms are going to get big like this, I'd be surprised if I would even use Ebay if it required a separate software download.
If micro payments for digital content is going to be a thing it needs to be so easy that someone just needs to click. Anybody with money to throw around on the net is probably the kind of person who wouldn't bend over for 5cents. Expecting them to go through a download and install for their initial purchase is way too much, they will just go elsewhere.
@_date: 2017-11-22 09:58:20
I hope you enjoy corporate tyranny then. Enjoy Facebook never being replaced by a competitor because they can offer cheap/free "Facebook only" internet that a large number of the populace are dumb enough to be happy to use or its all they can afford. Then you can enjoy those same people voting the way Facebook nudges them to vote, which I might say like most big tech firms is generally quite in line with the more authoritarian/globalist left.
@_date: 2017-11-22 10:15:02
Genuinely makes me think about selling when I read the number of moronic comments in here. I believe bitcoin/crypto could be amazing, democratizing monetary systems and bringing more financial power back to the people, but some of these muppets seem to genuinely want to see us living in a world like Bladerunner.
@_date: 2017-11-22 10:18:21
I mean it will be kind of funny, these same people will probably be wailing and crying at Facebook and Google as they filter things related to their political views. Unable to see that they supported entrenching the monopolies those tech companies will hold.
@_date: 2017-11-22 10:06:44
I'd love to see these assholes wailing if all roads were privately owned and their only way to get to work was to pay an obscene toll or stay at home destitute. They think the free market would magically just build another road without the toll, failing to realize that in the real world you wouldn't be able to just bulldoze peoples homes and build a new road. Much the same as there being limitations on the ability to dig new fiber cables in.
@_date: 2017-11-22 09:32:58
Wtf, net neutrality ensures the "Wild West". Getting rid of it will cement the big tech corps into position. Nobody will become the next Facebook or Netflix if access to those sites isn't counted toward your data, or worse still a huge number of people just decide to use a heavily discounted "Facebook only" internet plan like I think Facebook was running in India. You think Facebook's influence on politics is cancerous now? It will get way worse.
You want the Wild West? You need a landscape where everyone has equal access and equal chances to thrive.
@_date: 2017-06-24 01:18:04
I have lived with people who are sociopaths, I have traveled, been to rich countries and poor, predominantly religious ones and predominantly secular ones. I believe everyone should be free to do as they please, except for when it negatively effects someone else.
Do you not even understand how much of our society is based on trust? Trust that someone else will do the moral thing and not the selfish thing? If the only thing that matters is self interest with no care for others wellbeing then you are advocating for a terrible society. 4/5 people enjoy gang rape is a joke, but in your world I guess that would be ok? That sociopath I lived with could have given me HIV due to her lying and self interest. So that would be my fault for trusting a liar? Imagine if all girls were like her? 
We disagree because the alternative would be awful, in fact it IS awful. Look at countries where greedy selfish behavior and lack of self restraint seems common. Filled full of corruption, disease and violence, because if you take the greater good and cooperation out of the equation you end up with a bunch of animals fighting over scraps. It may not be the purge, but it's not far off. 


At least we can agree on something heh.
@_date: 2017-06-24 01:31:49
TLDR. You are saying that you think the best direction for society is for it to be like parts of SE Asia or Africa, where disease, violence and corruption are rampant because "Greed is good" and self interest is king.
You probably did read it and have got nothing though, because you know you are wrong and just want justify being selfish in a society that largely isn't. Because realistically being the outlier in that situation will let you get ahead while you can laugh at everyone else for cooperating. Thinking you are "clever" for figuring this out at the same time.
@_date: 2017-06-23 05:07:49
Jesus are you a sociopath? Because the only people I have come across who legitimately think nobody else has decency or morals think that way because they themselves have no concept of it.
Go live in a small town, or hell go live in a part of the world where wealth inequality is low. See people who are generally friendly, caring of others, want to help others out because it makes them feel good to actually care. Just because you think it's normal to try and step on others to get ahead, doesn't mean it is. Just because your parents brought you up to be a shitty person, doesn't mean you have to be.
Of course, maybe your parents actually did love you and you are just some sociopath that masturbates to photos of Ayn Rand all night, who knows.