@_author: cardfellow
@_date: 2018-01-02 14:59:44
I work in CC processing. I'm not aware of any services that allow customers to pay a business by CC and have it paid to you as bitcoin. That's all risk and no reward for the processor. 
But even if there were, the processor would still want to know what the customers are buying, at which point whether you say "adult entertainment" or "bitcoin" you'd still be considered high risk anyway.
In short, no. If you're using a CC processor, you won't be able to avoid the high-risk designation and the associated fees.
@_date: 2018-01-13 02:52:55


I work in CC processing. Mastercard would not have been involved with that decision, and that's extremely unlikely to be the reason that Wave denied you. There are a bunch of factors that come into play when getting set up for credit card processing. Beyond industry, companies will consider the business' processing history (or, if they have none, the owner or principal's personal credit) as well as other things like where customers are primarily located, if orders/goods are custom, etc.
Additionally, Wave processes through Stripe who has information on its website about accepting bitcoin. I'm not quite following where you're going with this post.
@_date: 2018-01-21 13:46:41


Yeah. IMO, it won't just slide into the existing system very easily.


Well, you only owe interest on credit if you don't pay your balance in full every month. A lot of consumers just pay the minimum (and thus pay interest) but there are quite a few who use cards for the cashback rewards and pay off the balance every month, thus not paying any interest and receiving cash back. There are whole subs about maximizing cash back.
@_date: 2018-01-21 13:47:18
I'm not sure - I thought there was a card for bitcoin ATMs. I'd have to look into it further.
@_date: 2018-01-21 02:05:56


A new credit card would have to be issued by a bank. Banks are currently the ones that get the bulk of credit card processing fees. So they would be foregoing revenue to increase adoption of their cards, which maybe some would want to do. But, if they're going to operate as a branded card (Visa, MC..) they have to abide by Visa and MC's rules, including their rates and fees. So the bank would then either have to charge the merchant at least what is owed to the card brands or they would not only be foregoing revenue, they would be losing money on every transaction. Not exactly a winning business model..
If they're not going to go branded, they have an uphill battle in terms of actual equipment programming, among other things. (How will one swipe/dip a non-branded lightning network credit card into a credit card machine only programmed for the existing credit and debit networks? Will lightning be compatible with major machine manufacturers, or will the merchant need separate equipment? etc.)
@_date: 2018-01-02 16:59:54


You could, but that would be - at minimum - 60 days, and could be more commonly 120-180. As a business, would you be okay with a minimum 2-month delay and possibly even a 6-month delay on getting paid? Most businesses want next-day funding of their CC transactions, and businesses that have to wait a few days can get pretty upset about it. 
The processor could implement a reserve, and withhold money to cover possible chargebacks (which is an option currently, but one that businesses absolutely hate) but in some ways, credit cards and bitcoin are incompatible. It would make a lot more sense to cut processors out of the equation completely, so you have customers paying in bitcoin and businesses receiving bitcoin, but that's not what OP wants to do. 
@_date: 2018-01-21 02:02:16


I think you're misunderstanding who gets what money. The bank that issues a credit card to a consumer makes the bulk of the money from credit card fees, not Visa or Mastercard. So why would they want to cut fees for merchants when those fees are going directly to them?


Because interchange fees (the fees that go to the banks that issue the credit cards) are  a big component of their revenue. It's not equal to interest, but it's still a large piece of the pie. And on consumers that don't carry balances (and thus don't earn a bank interest) interchange fees are the only way they'd make money off that consumer.
@_date: 2018-01-02 21:02:15


Well, it's two separate things/two separate transactions. The first one would be the customer buying bitcoin, the second would be paying for something with that bitcoin. It's not automated because it would be two separate companies. (Unless you're suggesting that one business would be selling both the bitcoin and the adult entertainment, which would generally not fly with processors. You're supposed to have one business/type associated with one merchant account.)


Buying and selling currency is considered high-risk by itself in the processing world. 


That would be fine, since BTC to BTC wouldn't involve a CC processor, but it's also why it's not automated. What reward does it provide a CC processor to create that?


Right, but again - why would their part in the process go any further? As far as they're concerned, the transaction that they're involved in would be facilitating the bitcoin purchase. What's the benefit to them to then also automate any purchase made with that bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-01-02 16:05:30
I mean that there's no additional reward for the processor to pay out in bitcoin as opposed to paying out in dollars, but there are extra risks to paying out in bitcoin. So they have the same reward (their processing fees) whether paying in dollars or in bitcoin, but more risks if paying in bitcoin.  
Bitcoin adds another level of complexity/risk in the scenario described, and that extra risk has no upside for the processor. (Meaning no reward beyond what it would have gotten anyway.)
@_date: 2018-01-02 16:40:52
Sure, they could add another fee. I'd imagine they would have to make it fairly high, though, because allowing a customer to use a CC but pay out in bitcoin makes it more challenging for the processor to recoup that money from the business in case of a customer chargeback. (Which customers would still be able to do, because they used a CC.) 
That could leave the processor on the hook for chargebacks even easier than it does when they pay out in dollars, and in high-risk industries like adult entertainment, chargebacks are fairly common. It would be interesting to see if the fee that the processor determined was high enough to cover their risk is a worthwhile charge to the business that wants to take bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-01-02 17:34:08
My experience with businesses and their need for fast payments suggests otherwise, but maybe.
@_date: 2018-01-21 01:59:23


FWIW, banks make more money on CC transactions than the card brands. The bulk of a charge for a Visa transaction doesn't go to Visa. Totally agree on your "why would they" question.
@_date: 2017-02-22 15:57:42
Yep. A lot of people don't understand that card processors want the ability to be able to retrieve money from the business in the event of a chargeback. The only way this could possibly happen is if they waited longer than the chargeback timeframe to send bitcoin. I just don't see this service happening.
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:57:56
It may be a little difficult to find, and will likely be considered 'high risk'. Not because of bitcoin, necessarily, but because splitting payments like that has more potential for problems and isn't something all processors do. You may want to try finding a processor who's familiar with servicing things like crowdfunding and marketplace platforms and then seeing if they can offer services for bitcoin. 
There are more and more processors who can support bitcoin now, but if they can't support marketplace-style processing it doesn't matter. 
@_date: 2016-01-26 18:40:39
Ah, yeah, that's gonna be a bit of an issue then.
I'd be careful with collecting and then distributing funds, because that starts to get into the realm of needing a money transmitter license.
@_date: 2019-04-22 15:45:19


This suit was for New York, and other states that prohibited it by law were watching and handling their own court cases. But most of the country has allowed it for years.
40 other states already allowed surcharging, as a result of 2013 class action against Visa/MC. It's taken that long for the info to trickle down.


I sort of doubt it. McDonald's has published info about how the average card order is $7 something vs. $4 something for the average cash order. There's a bit of "not seeing the forest for the trees" in some cases. If customers pay more with a card, it's often better for the business to accept those cards even after accounting for fees. A lot of the large chains are aware of that, and still others think that not passing on the fees as a separate line item provides a competitive advantage. After the 2013 lawsuit, several chains expressed that they wouldn't be surcharging, and they largely haven't done so.
@_date: 2019-04-22 18:10:41
I'm not sure it'll be transaction-size based. Larger purchases surcharging would mean a larger total dollar fee, which can be off-putting to the consumer. Depending on the available alternatives / competition, it could be enough to make them abandon their sale and go somewhere else.
I would expect to see it more at independent stores / restaurants regardless of transaction size, and not so much at chains.
@_date: 2019-04-22 15:40:21
Just to correct minor inaccuracies: this has been permitted since a lawsuit in 2013. A handful of states prohibited it by law, and those are the court cases. I'm assuming you're referring to New York's, since that was the one that went to the SCOTUS. 
It was only 10 states that originally prohibited it after 2013. It's down to 6 or 7 now. 
And then personal opinion:


Several major retailers have expressed that they won't be doing it, so I'm not sure it'll catch on with chains. They'd rather spend their time fighting to get lower fees in the first place.


Yeah, but this is because they're arguing with Visa on fees, and particularly on not allowing signature debit, which can cost more. Walmart Canada had the same battle with Visa and stopped accepting cards before realizing that it was a losing proposition and came to an agreement with Visa. 


The problems with bitcoin / crypto in general for widespread adoption is that it 1) has an image problem - a LOT of people still see it as a black market currency, 2) people don't understand it - they don't know how to get it or how to use it and 3) even if they do, they don't like having to do this math to convert how many dollars is X bitcoins. 
Those issues need to be addressed before we see any sort of serious mainstream crypto usage. Inertia is a powerful thing, and right now there are still confusions and complexities on top of the status quo way of paying.
@_date: 2017-05-11 19:30:36
That's true, though there are some options that can be implemented. Visa is launching it's 2.0 version of 3D Secure, and there is already at least one company (PAAY) that offers a less clunky 3D Secure. In its original, wonky iteration, it was a popup window that seemed sketchy and could increase cart abandonment. Future iterations and the workarounds some companies are implementing should help curb that, and using 3D Secure properly can help insulate against chargebacks.
@_date: 2017-05-11 15:02:57
That's the other way around. It accepts bitcoin. OP is asking for something that accepts credit cards and pays out as bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-11 15:04:23
Not aware of anything currently, and my guess is that it's not likely to happen any time soon. There's no incentive for a processing company to offer that. Additionally, processors want to be able to get money back from the merchant if necessary (chargebacks, etc.) and they can't do that as easily if they were to pay out in bitcoin.