@_author: cardflip1
@_date: 2014-10-16 07:54:22
Hi lorddamax,
Just a clarification, we only require ID or verification of billing address if you're paying with a credit card. Bitcoin has minimal fraud, so we are able to process Bitcoin orders with nothing more than transaction verification on the blockchain. 
It is true that we manually process orders. I'm sorry for this inconvenience, it's the way we do it for now to keep things running smoothly. This will be changing in the future, but no sure ETA yet.  
We are a small start-up consisting of a few guys that have been buying and selling gift cards for a few years in retail locations. We decided to get involved online and with Bitcoin because we want to be responsible people and do our part in expanding the Bitcoin world by offering a method of BTC monetization that allows people to use Bitcoin to shop at their favorite places we keep the Bitcoins in circulation and off the market. Plus, we are alleviated of the issues that come naturally with traditional credit card processing. 
We appreciate the feedback (especially on the disclaimer clarification and the social media links.) If you want to save more on gift cards than our competitors currently offer, we would love to help you out. We're doing our best to improve every day and can only do so with the business of Bitcoiners such as yourself.
As for now, just now that we are present and do care what you think. Thank you for speaking out with ways we can improve ourselves. :)
@_date: 2014-11-27 00:03:38
Some gift cards can only be used as the physical card issued by merchant. We send out eCards whenever possible for Bitcoin orders. 
On credit card orders by new customers we require cards be physically mailed to verify delivery at the billing address. A fraud prevention method necessary when dealing in credit cards but not needed with Bitcoin.
Hoping this answers your question.
@_date: 2014-11-27 01:23:03
*edit: Bitcoin customers do not need to their address verified. However orders will not be sent out until payment is verified on the blockchain.*
Bitcoin customers do not need to be verified. 
Top eCards are Walmart, Target, Home Depot, Lowe's, Best Buy, JCPenney, Macy's, Kohls, TJ Maxx, Victoria's Secret, Sears, Starbucks.
Other than those, it will likely be physical cards. We typically limit ourselves to customers within the US, but if you know that you can use eCards I would encourage you to email us so we can work something out. 
Good questions!!!
@_date: 2014-09-24 19:17:24
Most likely because someone else just beat you to the same one. What kind of card was it?
@_date: 2014-10-16 08:05:56
CardFlip here. Yes, we offer a discount off the face value of the gift card. Example, a $100 Walmart card would cost you $97 at CardFlip.com
Some brands have higher discounts. 
@_date: 2014-09-24 19:06:10
We have a Bitcoin sign front and center, and Credit Cards below the fold and to the right. We prioritized rather than cluster together. One is great, others are painful.
@_date: 2014-09-15 18:15:06
Hey Everyone!!!
CardFlip.com here. Just wanted to voice up to say "Thank you" to OP Logical007 and everyone for giving our business a shot and getting creative with savings. The fact that you are talking about us on Reddit is an honor, and we hope to get to know our customers better by being present in the discussions.
If you have any questions, suggestions, or anything at all please reach out to us!
Love, 
@_date: 2014-10-16 08:02:36
If it helps, we hold on to most Bitcoin we get. What we don't hold on to goes to payroll and suppliers. 
So even when you monetize your Bitcoins in a spendable way at your favorite stores we still do our best to be responsible members of the BTC community. 
Thanks for the kind words Logical007!
@_date: 2014-09-24 18:22:04
Thanks for keeping the word alive! We also have a coupon code through the 30th that is good for 2% off your entire cart, any amount, when you use bitcoin. Coupon code "bitcoin777" applies at checkoout on CardFlip.com!
@_date: 2014-11-26 23:47:52


Thank you for the kind words and business!
@_date: 2014-10-16 08:00:05
CardFlip here! Do we have the physical card associated with the eCard you are sent? Yes we do. CardFlip buys unwanted gift cards from people all over the country, we periodically and consistently check every card balance including the moment before your order goes out. If there is somehow a discrepancy regarding the card balance within 45 days of delivery, just let us know. We will look into it the transactions and replace the lost balance. It rarely happens, but we do have a guarantee just in case. :) 
@_date: 2014-09-24 20:03:22
Uh-oh. I can understand the annoyance. I sent you a PM, let's get you what you need. 
@_date: 2014-09-16 01:54:48
u/ISkiAtAlta Good call, thanks for the heads up. Updates should take effect tomorrow. We are seriously accepting Bitcoin. I promise. :)
@_date: 2014-09-16 17:55:25
Thank you for sharing the steps being taken by Baron Fig to evolve in a Bitcoin world. Those of us that are learning and growing appreciate the examples set by people and businesses that see the value in evolving tradition to better suit their peers and customers. 
Thanks Adam!
@_date: 2014-09-15 20:09:23
Roger that, new intro thread: 
@_date: 2015-01-22 23:36:35
We buy from people that receive a gift card for their birthday, Christmas, maybe a work incentive. If they have a $100 card and would rather have a slightly lesser value in immediate cash, we are more than happy to make a deal. Sometime they received a card, got what they wanted, and have some left over. We'll convert that for a fee as well which is why most of our cards have a peculiar balance. We will not accept cards obtained by fraudulent or illegal means and have every seller sign an agreement ensuring that they are the original owner and obtained their cards legitimately.
So if you would like to sell a card to us at any point, don't be surprised if we ask for a copy of your ID and a signature. And if we decline to buy, don't take it personally. Sometimes it's better safe than sorry.
@_date: 2015-01-22 23:15:12
Hey Reddit!
This is Sam from CardFlip. It's a work day and this conversation popped up randomly, but I'll do my best to keep a tab open and answer any questions.
First off, we sell discounted gift cards. Walmart for example is usually 3% off. Right now they are 4.2% off. Target is currently 4% off. 
We offer an additional discount of 3% to customers who use Bitcoin or Direct Bank Deposit. So yes, Walmart cards at this moment would be 7.2% off. Best Buy, which is currently 6% off, would be 9% off if paid for with BTC. 
Stack that on top of a retailer coupon you get in the mail and you're on a solid path to savings!
Here's what to expect:
We're a few guys that saw an opportunity to launch a company of our own and took that opportunity. We're doing the best we can and appreciate every single dime our customers spend with us. It helps us advance the technology and web development that it takes to do things you all want.
That said, we're still growing. If you order a card that can be used online as an eCard, it still has to be created by one of us and manually marked Completed for the email to go out. So if you put your order in at 2 AM it might be 10 hours before you get your codes. 
The most time consuming part of processing orders is screening for credit card fraud. With Bitcoin we are able to send out as soon as we can pull up Blockchain and check our wallets. Bitcoin orders are sent out faster than any other orders because of the inherent security features.
Yes, every now and then a card will go bad. If a card is going to go bad, it's usually going to happen within 48 hours of us buying it. For your own peace of mind we offer a Guarantee on all cards we sell. We guarantee to replace any lost balance for up to 45 days after your purchase. We check every cards balance before we send it out, so the chances of you receiving a bad card are slim. If it does happen, we investigate what happened and make it right.
I hope this answers the major questions thus far. We're not invincible, we're not the most gorgeous site on the web. But if you're looking to save some money before you go shopping or dining, check out CardFlip.com before you do and see if there's a deal for you. Your business allows us to grow and improve; we can only earn your business by taking care of each customer as if they were our own personal friend. 
Try us out! Use coupon code "r/bitcoin" at checkout on your Bitcoin order for 3% off your cart total!