@_author: carmine_polito
@_date: 2014-03-31 18:18:14
Everything you said is spot on. Regarding BTC or other crypto currencies, the overwhelming mystery (related to whether it may be economically beneficial or wise to become a market participant at some hypothetical point in time or at a if and only if BTC hits a certain USD equivalent value) is that it's more or less impossible to know how much valuable or accurate intelligence current and prospective participants have. The same goes for information regarding the level of resources being allocated to intelligence and strategy. 
My comments could be repeated regarding other markets, even trading on the NYSE. Almost no one truly knows how much intelligence the market participants have Better put, intelligence that is 1) not redundant and distributed to the masses, and 2) intelligence that will likely lead to gains or more successful strategy because by virtue of being rare, unique, or considerably different than the intellegence potentially obtainable by the general public or any/most other market participants. An easy example here is insider trading. True insider violations often involve rare, valuable info that triggers (and almost appears to guarantee) a high likelihood for profitability when the fund is bought/sold. That's an illegal example, but a decent one, because it has been extensively studied. But in general, regarding the NYSE in this instance, the masses sit back without a true grasp of the aggregate intelligence of market participants, or the distribution of useful, relevant resources amongst those participants. Nonetheless, history has shown that there are plenty of participants who have not only understood the fundamentals, as you say, but have relatively consistently made money by executing a strategy using whatever intelligence and resources they have.
BTC probably hasn't been around long enough to support the degree of sophistication obtainable by advanced participants, and thus, the comparisons of buying/selling BTC to gambling make a little more sense. However, I said "probably," because it's possible that some number of participants (or future participants waiting to enter at a certain time) have somehow developed sophisticated methods for determining if and when to buy...whether those methods were created from the ground up, or whether  they were developed after realizing a degree of commonality with a different type of investment or instrument. 
The thing is, even if those types of participants exist, we know that they're going to keep their intelligence/resources under lock and key, which, for virtually all of us, it means that it's likely we'll never have access to that information. I've wondered before if I should try to keep a certain, low "buy" value in the back of my mind, but I understand that doing so amounts to little more than guesswork with the information and resources I have access to.