@_author: carrion1928
@_date: 2017-08-29 17:05:44
While a certain level of luck play into any investment, it's a far cry from straight gambling. Watching trends and the news along with some basic investment algorithms can get you a pretty good idea of where the peaks and valleys will be. It's hardly absurd and people have been doing it for decades, getting more and more accurate as they can get and process the information quicker. Of course there's always a risk and no one would dispute that but it's absolutely not just luck.
The notion that you think someone "will be a billionaire in a couple of days" on playing the 1-5% swings tells me you either have no idea what you're talking about or maybe you're just a troll. Can't tell for sure.
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:39:47
Yes, you either live with the fees or if the fees are too much for you, stop trading BTC most likely until next year. 
I don't think you fully grasp the scope on both a technical and "political" level of what it takes to make changes to the BTC ecosystem. SegWit alone was controversial enough to spawn a new  crypto currency and an alternate SegWit2. Both of those are ALSO controversial. None of that even touches on the loss or theft of billions if there are any bugs. These are the same reasons it takes so long to make changes to any major financial system.
@_date: 2017-08-06 14:44:56
Is it? What are you considering "corrected" here? It could also be driven by the lack of impact the fork ultimately had which has placated fears and for some likely increased confidence in the currency. I think it's too early to tell what's going on exactly but we'll have a more clear picture tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:10:48
Any time you add the word "pure" to pretty much anything it pretty much invalids your core point. The world is not black and white and treating as such is foolish. 100's of millions of people disagree with you and billions of dollars made every day trading say your wrong otherwise it would have the same ultimate outcome as gambling.
I do retract the billionaire comment, though. If you do something incredibly stupid like you suggest then yes, I supposed you could become a billionaire in a few days, assuming you have a mortgage of that amount to leverage or the equity to actually get the 100x. Or even a mortgage at all, which most people do not now.
Look, I don't believe anyone that claims to have a magic formula that is always perfect and correct and never takes a loss but the idea that on the whole you can't predict approximate peaks and valleys is naive and simply wrong. I'm sorry you don't see that and are so obstinately against it. You aren't going to become a billionaire (without being a fool) but you can absolutely gradually increase your position by paying attention, doing a little research and opening your mind to the idea that you might not know everything.
@_date: 2017-08-31 13:53:21
We are well, WELL past the early adopter stage of Bitcoin. It's been public for almost 9 years. The fact that we're out of early adoption is why it's more challenging to mine BTC. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 14:58:29
Yes and the general consensus among the more conservative estimates is that when it hits the trend line, which has been about $4680, it's either going to continue to rally or correct. It hit that line and hasn't corrected as much as expected so frankly it's hard to tell right now what's going to happen. It looks like there's still a pretty big pool or sell orders in in the $4630 - $4700 range. I'm not sure if there's enough buying demand right now at this price point to break the trend line but I'm personally keeping a close eye on it. I'd rather risk a 1% or 2% loss for a 5% gain.
@_date: 2017-09-20 22:08:05
It's ultimately about security, which the hardware wallets are supposed to add an extra layer of. But every new layer you add to something is another potential attack vector. You could make the argument that a hardware wallet screams exactly what it is but a sheet of paper with 24 words is relatively obscure unless they knew what they were looking for. Even then you could hide the words pretty easily if cared to make an effort. 
Hardware wallets are also only as secure as they were designed and if the last several years has taught the world anything it's that most companies don't know shit (or care) about security especially when it comes to newer tech. Maybe that hardware wallet is secure, maybe it has a simple flaw that let's whoever has it have free reign.
I'm not saying don't get one but also don't think they're the end all of security.
@_date: 2017-09-15 21:41:21
A bank wire is a standard banking transaction. You tell your bank to send money to another bank account and it happens same day. In the US you will likely be charged a fee. I think the average is like $35. Fidelity does them for $10. You may be charged a fee by the receiving bank as well.
Outside the US bank wires are often free but work basically the same.
@_date: 2017-09-08 22:09:15
I don't think I'd consider this a weak market, at least not in the traditional sense. The day to day is one thing but overall there has been increased interest and increasing prices. Now it is certainly a speculative market and BTC is poorly understood by most people which means not only it is easily influenced by news but most people don't even understand the news. 
@_date: 2017-09-19 15:07:39
Talk about uneducated kids. Blah blah blah, there's no such thing as a sure thing. Of course there isn't, only fools truly believe that. Most people in this sub believe it will continue to rise but very few truly believe it's an unstoppable guarantee. 
If country XYZ bans whatever if will be the end. No, it won't. If will cause a drop depending on the country but BTC was being used long before it hit more mainstream to avert the government. That fundamental principle hasn't change. Decentralized means that no matter what they do, no government will EVER be able to stop it as long as people want it. See piracy or drugs for examples. Those have totally been stopped by countries banning them.
No store uses it or they cash it out into fiat. First, you have no idea what stores are actually doing. Overstock.com has announced they're holding all to 5-10% of their BTC transactions. For all you know they are using BTC as an investment strategy, effectively buying as a discount by holding profit in BTC. It's a risk (and a test) but not an unreasonable one. Second, EVERY CURRENCY IS CONVERTED TO THE LOCAL CURRENCY. I feel like I have to scream that because this moronic point is brought up all the time. All Euros are good for in the US is wiping your ass unless you convert them into USD or find someone willing to accept them as effectively barter. 
Seriously, the same mindless prattle about the same stupid shit needs to stop.
@_date: 2017-09-08 21:57:15
Buy The Failed Dip, officially, but always mentally read it as buy the fucking dip.
@_date: 2017-09-15 21:50:14
I don't think you can yet. Local business are usually too small to absorb the fluctuations in value. Even when not going crazy, BTC has pretty big daily swings. Bigger stores can handle this or can at least afford to experiment. 
Now if the owner understands BTC they might be willing to accept the risk for the potential benefits but a typical business owner will find it much too risky.
@_date: 2017-09-15 21:37:18
Massive dips like this are based on FUD, whether it's true or not. China has a history of doing this shit and then changing their mind but most people don't know that because they've only been in the market for less than a year. 
Even if it is true, all you'll see is a true correction. A minor set back if your in it long term as nothing else has really changed. Even the Chinese who really want to trade BTC will still do it. And who knows, maybe mining will become profitable again for more average users if they shut down the mining as well. I'm not clear if that's on the chopping block.
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:36:45
Sadly, the higher BTC goes the later he (and many of us) will feel. Still early enough to make plenty of money but you'll never quite stop feeling the sting of missing an opportunity for a 100x increase even if there's another 100x increase. I feel his pain, though. My regret is more around not getting into mining when I first learned about it back in 2010.
@_date: 2017-10-11 06:18:26
You know the feeling of using a miner before it was written to create currency that you held on to for two years until it was worth nearly half a million dollars which you then used to buy torrents anyone that had even heard of bitcoin at the time could find for more than it would have cost to buy the movies retail? Jesus, I hope not because that's what the OP is claiming with his screen shot and post.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:03:36
Do you actually believe that most people here are ONLY watching or investing in Bitcoin? Hell, the massive bitching about GPU prices should tell you that isn't the case. I personally have a decent position in ETH myself. 
Bitcoin is kind of like the Dow in that it's what people use as a general guide to the overall crypto space. Very few people that aren't just following the trend are only dealing in BTC. As with any investment, whether it be stocks, Forex, or cryptos, it's extremely naive and short sighted to not diversify.
Also, I'm so incredibly tired of hearing random FUD based on literally nothing (and stupidly incorrect), not just from the Wall Street people who will do anything to keep their "fake money" (stocks) as the only investment vehicle but from random people on the Internet for god knows what reasons. There is no history or even trend to support what your $1k claim and saying it only serves to scare people who don't know better so why would you say it? Why would you even believe it? Is it just fear?
I could see the price go all the way back to above $20k in the next 90 days. That's a pretty baseless claim too except those kind of jumps, based on percentage of growth, have actually happened unlike your absurd $1k claim. Could it happen? Of course, anything is possible. BTC and all cryptos are high risk and volatile so they could drop to less than $.01 in a few days but they probably wont. On the other hand, how's Blockbusters' stock doing? Oh yeah...
@_date: 2017-09-08 21:53:38
But the first point the OP made was to not try to time the market so they don't care about the dips. I personally somewhat disagree with that since the big dips are pretty predictable if you're paying attention and prepared for them. You can't guess perfectly all the time but you can be pretty sure, baring any additional positive news, we'll see a decent dip at $5k again. If someone tries to game the market by releasing relevant news (true or not) around that same time it will be a much bigger drop. Long term, you'll probably come out ahead no matter what you buy at right now but I've doubled my position in the past couple of weeks, not counting new funding, because people are predictable and they define the price.
@_date: 2017-09-13 14:54:36
Due to USD being the dominant currency of the world right now. You can easily view it as compared to any other currency. 
Also due to a lack of comparative items for most people. We know that $xyz has a certain value regardless of how it actually compares on the Forex at that moment because we see things priced all the time in USD, especially if you're American. It's the same reason most Americas can show you how long an inch or yard is but not a centimeter or meter.
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:36:45
Sadly, the higher BTC goes the later he (and many of us) will feel. Still early enough to make plenty of money but you'll never quite stop feeling the sting of missing an opportunity for a 100x increase even if there's another 100x increase. I feel his pain, though. My regret is more around not getting into mining when I first learned about it back in 2010.
@_date: 2017-09-29 17:46:10
A billion dollar company is nothing today. Certainly not guaranteed power houses of influence and while Coinbase definitely has some influence but it's foolish to think that any of the exchanges individually can actually "kill" Bitcoin. It's had bigger scandals from more influential players in the past and aside from a dip it all blows over. This has been happening literally for years and long term it's only a problem for the people who kept their money in an online exchange. If Coinbase decide to do what you're claiming everyone will just move along. It's free market 101. 
Coinbase hasn't always been a power house. Remember Mt.Gox? It was older than Coinbase and bigger in it's time handling 70% of all transactions at it's peak. That was a massive deal and yet Bitcoin is fine. Hell, Coinbase and GDAX aren't even in the top 5 in terms of volume.
I should go without saying but there are so many newbies now, do not keep any BTC you're not going to sell quickly (think day trading) in an ANY exchange. Coinbase is no exception.
@_date: 2017-09-18 22:25:42
Of course that apr is coming back to you, not some bank. Still, I wouldn't recommend it.
@_date: 2017-09-08 22:00:46
IMO, only keep what you might want to sell quickly in an exchange wallet. Everything else should be offline.