@_author: casa_vostra
@_date: 2017-12-11 01:25:30
Yes I did get the two terms confused; I'm familiar with quant trading. All my background was in quant trading so I figured that "good" technical analysis was simply exactly what quantitative models do.
@_date: 2017-12-11 01:30:43
I really meant quantitative strategies, not simply any "technical" analysis you try. Which is to say, there are technical analysis that help insofar as they resemble quantitative trading strategies.
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:07:56
That's an example of what kind of math is involved in technical analysis. Are you saying that Ito calculus is not relevant to technical analysis?
Oh are you implying that technical analysis != quantitative approaches? If this is a matter of definitions, I'm under the impression that quant approaches simply make use of technical analysis that actually works.
@_date: 2017-12-10 23:35:04
Not sure if you're mocking me or talking about the person I responded to, or something else. I don't want to give anyone advice on coins and I just think those two coins have the coolest tech, as in the coolest actual features baked into the coins. Again, as I said, I think the long term value of basically *any* coin is 0  - just a personal theory - but that's my opinion and I don't think it's necessarily true, just a hunch. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 23:14:05
No, every major financial institution has a department, I'm saying that the most successful financial institutions *are precisely* the ones that rely the most on / have the best technical analysis. Look up the funds I mentioned. I'm not going to explain to you the intricacies of quantitative trading and how it works, you can look it up if curious. 
And I didn't think I would need to spell this out, but the features that make things like stocks and commodities attractive to trade with (bid-ask spreads and short-term volatility) are exactly what make Bitcoin attractive to trade with, and therefore some of the same basic principles you can apply to stocks and commodities trading can also be applied to Bitcoin.
Finally, I get the impression you don't understand TA in the context of trading. You are predicting human behavior by modeling it over the short term. You're not modeling things like "what will the price of bitcoin be in two years?", because you're right, that's really hard. You're instead looking at things like "given this volatility over this interval, how confident am I that this new trading price is above or below a more locally stable price?" which directly ties into human behavior.
@_date: 2017-12-10 23:19:36
In terms of technology, my favorite coins are Monero and Siacoin. I don't have any big "bets" though. I think the utility of crypto is the technology, not any one coin. New coins are coming out all the time which essentially make existing coins obsolete - in that they incorporate all the technology of an existing coin and solve existing problems or add beneficial new features - so I'm of the opinion that the long-term (i.e. in the next few decades) value of every early-gen crypto is approximately 0. 
BTW just some advice before you commit to trading: don't jump straight in. You'll make mistakes at first. Use past data to simulate how well a strategy or model works, keeping in mind that you should take measures not to overfit to that past data.
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:34:14
Someone with actual experience as a trader in commodities and forex here. There are good points in your post but I don't think all of it is accurate:
First, bulls and bears do matter. During a bull market everybody thinks they're a good trader because it's so easy to make money. If you're a good trader, you should be making money even during bear markets. Be wary of advice in general coming from traders who have made a lot of money in crypto recently: there is always an element of survivorship bias here, and also, **a monkey capable of throwing darts at the highest volume cryptos would have have been successful during the recent bull market**.
Your opinion on technical analysis is incredibly naive and tells me more that you don't understand it / don't want to try to understand it. **Trading is *not* about predicting massive events like a crash or huge upswing, trading is about making money *without* losing money when these events do occur.** In fact this is a fundamental misunderstanding of what it means to "trade". I like to think of trading as one of two things: either providing liquidity to a market (for which the market "pays you), or as a way of exacting a "volatility tax" on the market. You should never be left "holding the bag", so to speak, because your trading strategy should guarantee (or guarantee with some high probability) that this won't affect you negatively much, if at all. 
**Technical analysis (specifically, quantitative) is what drives non-amateur trading** and I can't believe you think guys on Wall Street don't do this. Of course they do this: the biggest money makers on Wall Street (Renaissance Tech, DE Shaw, Jane Street, Two Sigma) and "Market" Street (like the most successful prop trading firms on the CME) are all *quantitative* (which basically means they use technical analysis that works) Here is a good place to start if you or anyone else wants to learn: 
Edit: Not every form of technical analysis works. If you don't have a strong math/programming background (as in, a Bachelors degree understanding of CS/Math/Physics at the bare minimum), technical analysis isn't for you. But if you use quantitative strategies like the biggest quant funds and prop traders use (or can understand them) then you would be fine.
The point on news is incredibly important though, especially with crypto. Here's the thing: it's really hard to pump and dump commodities and currencies IRL, especially in modern times now that information travels instantly and we have set up the system so that this is impossible. But everyone and their mom is trying to pump and dump every crypto they have a stake in, and journalism on cryptos is usually entirely devoid of anything remotely technical / informative other than "wow this crypto exists and people are using it". Bitcoin is a weird currency-asset thing in a class of its own, and is valued pretty much independently of any other market (at least causatively, except perhaps the price of electricity?), so it's really hard to come up with estimates of its "true" worth, whereas with oil or the GBP we can come up with confidence intervals, upper and lower bounds, etc.; this puts the market in a weird position where **market sentiment is probably the most reliable predictor of movement, but the "signal" of true market sentiment is crowded out by the "noise" of the market sentiment generated adversarially by people with vested interests** (I wonder how many people have actually tried to use game theory to account for this). So finding this signal is of the utmost importance, and understanding the content is absolutely key in finding this signal.
Finally, I don't really understand what you mean by advocating against day trading. Are you advocating holding cryptos over the course of several days? That's not really trading, that's more in the realm of "short term investment" or more broadly "speculation". **When trading, the more volatility of something, the less time you want to hold it (and also the less time it takes to make money off it via trading anyway).**  I view trading as exploiting volatility between market events - if you hold on to something for long enough for market events to occur, you're trying to make money off of those events *and* the volatility. In general predicting events is a lot harder than volatility - it definitely can be done, and you can make money off of it, but it requires a completely different set of skills than trading does.
1. Bulls and bears matter. Don't quite your day job for trading solely because you did well during a bull market. 
2. ~~Technical analysis matters.~~ Technical analysis matters, if it works, which it may not. Specifically quantitative analysis is what you should be looking at. Don't just plug some shit into an excel spreadsheet, do some basic stats, and expect it to tell you anything important. 
3. The single most important thing in trading bitcoin is separating the small amount of good information from the mounds of shit out there.
4. Holding for multiple days, in my opinion, isn't really trading. Trading is about making money off of volatility in the market in the short term *without* exposing yourself to the longer-term volatility you get from holding.
Edits: Grammar, add TL;DR, bold
Edit: Poop, due to my background I assumed when people were talking about technical analysis they meant something more along the lines of quantitative strategies. Don't just throw numbers and functions at data and expect it to work. By technical analysis what I really mean is quantitative analysis, in case you want to read more about what actually works.
@_date: 2017-12-10 23:55:12
I would even argue that if you're trading on short intervals (e.g. day trading) and are an amateur not using technical analysis, you're playing a very dangerous game, as you are almost certainly exposing yourself to more risk than you need to.
@_date: 2017-12-10 23:00:21
No, I'm saying that it matters for trading, not saying it will work for valuation. I don't even know if its possible to reliably estimate the "actual" value of a crypto, and would not recommend TA for that. But TA (in terms of quantitative approaches, not some basic math you did in an excel spreadsheet) really is the holy grail for *trading* because trading, by my definition at least, is not about actual value at all, it's about volatility.
BTW: I'm not an amateur trader, I worked on quantitative trading, I just was less on the actual trading side of things and more on the software / math side of things.
Edit: OK I guess I was assuming that people meant quantitative approaches by TA. Don't just do anything "technical" and expect that to work. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:10:32
Oops, similar background actually, I guess I just assumed any technical analysis would be like what quantitative analysis entailed. I'm not advocating for "technical" analysis that doesn't work, that would be a waste of time IMO
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:06:25
I agree. I think the attitude against TA is mostly just due to people not wanting to learn / do math, or more nefariously, people that are using TA that don't want others to do so. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:45:50
I don't think bitcoin's fundamentals are well-defined or well-understood enough for them to give a strong enough signal.
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:56:29
It depends on what you mean by "reliable." If you're talking about reliability in terms of its ability to predict the market, I don't know of any good sources(and if I did why would I tell you? it would damage my ability to make money if I used it). If you're talking about "reliable" in the sense that its accurate, doesn't overhype, isn't biased, etc. then I think the best sources are developers (both of the original crypto and other cryptos, keeping in mind any conflicts of interest) and technical blogs. 
I read up on crypto by reading white papers, developers' blogs, and technical stats (like size of network, how quickly are coins being created, etc.). I also keep track of big news, especially things that are "planned" around a certain date, such as a big release or some big organization getting involved. This is important because this is all first-hand information. If you rely on other people to summarize information for you, you're not getting the complete picture. In my opinion it's pretty irresponsible to hold any crypto long term (i.e. invest rather than trade - this isn't super relevant for trading because you're looking at the short term volatility instead of the long term value) if you don't understand how it works.
I don't day trade crypto, although I've thought about it, I just don't think I would make enough money from it to be worth my while. In general I'd say if you want to learn to trade crypto, learn about trading in general. If you just learn from crypto day-traders you're going to get a lot of survivorship biased bullshit from amateurs/noobs who think they're geniuses because they made money in a hugely strong bull market. Real trading is technical and hard, don't believe it's easy and mostly guesswork just because that's a more convenient "truth". Best places to read are probably blogs by traders, textbooks on things like stats/stochastic differentiability/linear algebra/etc. 
If you're not willing to learn the hard math you shouldn't be trading, because you'll be eaten alive by the people who do know that stuff *when the time comes*. As soon as there's a bear market, all these amateur traders who think they can get by without technical analysis will lose all their money if they try to keep trading.
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:51:34
That's actually what technical analysis is for. Everything is random, but what *kind* of random? Can we model this randomness, can we predict it, can we filter it? 
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:18:41
Understood, I guess I just viewed quant analysis as the subset of technical analysis that actually worked (in my mind making them about the same because why would you use technical analysis in a way that doesn't work?). But you're right, especially given this context, that it's important to distinguish the two
@_date: 2017-12-10 20:48:12
Some technical analysis works just as well with Bitcoin as it does with any other asset sold in discrete quantities in a relatively liquid market with bid-ask spreads, because it doesn't rely so much on approximating a long term "stable" price or valuing the currency in an absolute way. So technical analysis will of course work with Bitcoin if it falls into this category.
Other modeling does entail making such an estimation and I agree that it would be a fools errand. It's important to remember that not all technical analysis is like this, and I'd bet this is what a lot of trading noobs think is what is meant by technical analysis.
@_date: 2017-12-11 03:37:34
All I'll say is this: most "TA" is bullshit not backed up by real, rigorous math. You could learn some of these with little technical knowledge and make money off them, just like you can make money from trading with no TA whatsoever. The ones that actually work will require a high level of math knowledge and the ability to compute things efficiently; the bullshit ones are easy but I doubt you'll make money from them over the long run.
I'm not that knowledgable about trading crypto. But trading is trading regardless of the underlying item. 
Honestly I don't understand why anybody would bother "trading" without tons of mathematical analysis. You're better off looking at more long term investment, not trading. The myth of the successful amateur trader needs to die - it's just a pipe dream that predatory "educational" resources (or predatory exchanges that will eat anything you make in fees) try to sell you so that you give them your money.
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:22:29
OK, well personally I would consider quant approaches a subset of technical analysis but I get what you're saying. What I was trying to convey is that there are technical strategies that work, not that any strategy is good merely because it's technical. 