@_author: cashandpussylover
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:59:13
Maybe support the developer of VLC video player: 
He once was offered millions to add spyware to the program and didn't do it. Money is well invested. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 12:26:11
At least you got something out of it. 
I lost a all my bitcoins when my online wallet was stolen in 2013. I won't shed a tear thinking about how my btc could be worth millions today though because realistically I would have sold them back in spring 2013 for ~$250 a coin. But the thing is: Back then I could have used the money! I was just in the progress of starting my own business and there was a time in spring 2013 where I lived in my car for some weeks and starved because I couldn't afford a hotel, driving home or eating something. For three weeks I told my client that I'd go to the hotel or home the weekend, then drive to the next Autobahn rest area and sleep in my car. I bought me a coke there once a day so I could use the restrooms, shower and shave. It wasn't that bad and I saved roughly € 500 a week that way but it certainly was my personal rock bottom and I felt like an impostor in those days. 
However, I still remember reading that btc reached $ 260 on my iphone while taking a shit there. Maybe it was because I was hungry and felt really uncomfortable but having "lost" my wallet never felt as bad as it felt that day... 
Every btc milestone after that just felt like a pleasant surprise for me. I still remember reading how btc exceeded $ 1000 in November that year (not entirely sure about that date) and that I just thought: Good for the guys that still have their's. By then I was through the worst of it and knew everything would be alright in financial terms. I was moving in my first own(ed) apartment and had just ordered my first luxury car. 
@_date: 2017-10-18 13:17:17
mt gox... 
I don't even know if/ how I could live with this loss had I not managed to make a fortune without btc. Nowadays I am mostly okay with it. Owning a few million Euro more probably wouldn't affect my life that badly at this point. Still hate thinking about it to this day. 
It would have come in REALLY handy in the meantime though. Back in 2014 there were times where I didn't know if I'd earn enough money to keep my business running in the next month. Knowing that I could already be a millionaire and afford these expenses easily was rough back then. 
The whole incident somehow affected my love for btc. I didn't buy into btc again until earlier this year. I now mainly use it as a currency though when Paypal won't work in certain shops... 