@_author: cashbitango
@_date: 2014-06-19 23:55:48


I suggest that you instead use Proof-of-donation. Instead of throwing away the bitcoins and burn them up, how about it going to a donation address for further development of openbazaar? You need to keep development funded right?
I'm sure any users of this system would be much happier to have the bitcoins go to development of the system rather than just have the money be wasted. I know I would.
@_date: 2013-01-24 08:45:11
Perhaps I was not clear, but the HTML stuff we need help on. The programming stuff is done in another platform, and is mostly done already, just a few things with databases that needs to be done. I've done the DB stuff before, that's why I'm very confident about the time frame. Also, because this is seen as a relatively easy problem to solve, I've not prioritized it. It can be done "in between" other and harder things.
I'll try to make it clearer. 
We have the system working on another platform. It produces the data we require etc. What's not set up is the connection between our system and the database on the server. I've done this before, and it should be a relatively simple task.
What we need help on is building the HTML5 stuff, getting good design, and in a bit longer term connecting the JavaScript (or something similar) to the database on the server. Thus, our software writes to the DB, and the JS reads from the DB.
Thanks for the question, hope this answers it. If not, just keep asking.
@_date: 2013-11-12 23:25:14
Peter, on this subject you're like a religious person talking about sex.
"Sex is really bad and it's not really as good as everyone says."
"Have you ever tried it?" asks the playboy.
"Of course not, it's bad!" replies the religious person.
Well, if you haven't tried using Bitcoin, if you don't own any bitcoins, then you don't know. It's that simple Peter. Get some bitcoins, try out the system, and when you've tried it, try to still tell me that sending a million dollars or 1 dollar across the globe in 10 seconds for almost free have no value.
Game over man.
@_date: 2013-01-24 21:28:05
Thanks for the info above, it's exactly why we need help on this part.
@_date: 2013-09-30 05:53:52
How much RAM do you have?
If you got less than 6 GB, I suspect that Armory is using too much RAM.
Try these fixes:
1) Restart your computer to empty RAM.
2) Run running no other software but Armory.
3) Reduce the number of wallets used at the same time (it takes memory to load the wallets)
They are working on solving these issues, Armory just secured a funding of 600 000 USD to continue development.
In any case, as long as you have paper backup or your digital wallets, you won't lose access to your private keys and your bitcoins.
Good luck.