@_author: cashmeowsighhabadah
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:38:48
A bubble doesn't describe necessarily something that is run by Wall street. A bubble is an unstable rise of value. Value that becomes so high that eventually it reaches a point where the ones holding the property in question can't afford to keep it. 
I'll give you an example. 
Say I have a house and I bought it for 100,000. Very few people have 100,000 just sitting somewhere. So I, like most people, will get a loan. Say after 10 years I've paid off 30,000. I still owe 70,000 on the loan. If I sell it at the price I paid, I will make 30,000 (For the sake of clarity I'm not counting all the fees and paperwork costs that go into selling a house). The guy that gets it now owes 100,000 just like I did 10 years ago. 
Now say that instead of selling the house at 100k, I sell it at 110k. The next guy may take it without thinking anything of it if he sees all the houses near it are also worth around the same price. He'll buy. 
Now enter speculation (like with bitcoin). Say I live in a neighborhood that is rumored to be up and coming. Sure there's a new cookie shop in the corner but it used to be a jail bond office. So people are excited. They think the neighborhood is turning. So instead of selling my house at 110k and making 40k back on my initial 100k investment, I'm going to sell it at 200k. Is the house worth 200k? Probably not, but if the rumor is persistent, the rich will think that this neighborhood is headed to the 600, 700s. Buying the property now is going to seem like a steal in the future when I can sell the house at 700k. 
The problem is that poor people that can't afford these prices and the taxes that come with the house are also trying to get in on the action. So someone that can't afford a 200k house will get it and the bank will give him the loan because they also heard the rumor of the up and coming neighborhood. So here's a guy struggling to keep up with the loan payments and the taxes on a 200k house barely making it. Eventually he gets tired of the struggle and sells the house at 300k and some other poor schmuck gets in on it thinking that he's going to last the time until the land is worth what he wants to cash out at. Basically they're all playing hot potato and if the neighborhood ends up not fulfilling the promise it seems to show before all of the people struggling to keep up with payments give out, the inflated price of the houses crashes because they all go into foreclosure at roughly around the same time (when the bubble collapses). The reason for it being called a bubble is because it is flimsy and there's no real reason why a 70k house should be sold for 700k. The bank will end up with all these shitty houses and in order to start making money on them again, will have to take a loss in the short term if it wants to get it's money back in the long term. 
How does this apply to bitcoin? Bitcoin is becoming accepted more and more. A lot of places are starting to take it. The promise of bitcoin is that one day, it will be internationally recognized as valid currency. And although it hasn't come to that yet, it seems to be getting there. 
However, we're still far from that. The fact that it's rising in price is troubling. It's EXTREMELY likely that someone is inflating the price on purpose with the objective of crashing it. If someone is buying up all of the bitcoin, that one person will have the power to sell it all in one go and crash the bitcoin market. 
Crashing the bitcoin market doesn't make sense if you own all of the bitcoin until you realize that it's possible to bet against bitcoin. There are a lot of powerful people who don't give a shit about bitcoin. All they care about is money. If they bet against bitcoin, it's in their best interest to buy bitcoin, depress the market in order to artificially inflate prices, and sell all at once *if* they have bet against bitcoin. The best defense against this when it happens to fiat money is to cut the value in half and multiply everyone's bitcoins into two, just like what happens to stocks when they become too valuable. 
Of course, I'm only basing that on history. Who knows. Maybe this is the first time in the history of humankind that a price inflates so fast without any repercussions of any kind.
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:26:55
You don't have to have a PhD in finances to know this is a bubble. If you were alive in 2008 you'd know this is a bubble. 
I really think that if this doesn't take Bitcoin down, it's going to make it suck for a long ass time to come. 
@_date: 2018-03-25 16:57:56
It's my fault. I shouldn't have put something negative about Bitcoin on a subreddit full of people that love Bitcoin. :'(