@_author: cash4yourtreasures
@_date: 2019-10-08 21:38:22
Great points. I like the pilot comparison. But I’m not an idiot. I’m educated, a nice person, and just got tired of trying to cash out my bitcoin. Where I live, you can’t just go to your local cash4gold and exchange them. It’s hard finding someone to cash you out. I knew it was a scam, but like any good magician it’s all about distraction, misdirection and desperation of the victim. 
I had been trying to cash my bitcoin out for 2 weeks with no luck when I came across this scammer. And this guy was good, he pulled every closer tactic in the book on me and just wore me down. We agreed to meet at a restaurant near my house, so he “comes” to you. Tells you to go inside and grab a table, where you’ll have servers/TVs to distract you. He sends you the localbitcoins links on how to set up an account as he is supposedly “getting off the exit”. So you think OK, to speed the process up I’ll set an account up so when he gets here it’s ready.  Remember, you’re just setting up an account, so you still haven’t sent anything yet.
It’s classic step by step script shit and I fell for it. But it’s not whether someone is stupid or naive, these guys are using all kinds of psychological and emotional tactics and under the right circumstances even the smart ones can get duped.
When you start setting up an account on localbitcoins, they make you take pics of your license, a facial pic, as well as all the personal info that must be confirmed through sms and email. So you get a false sense of security right before you are supposed to the deal. Because if you’re required to submit all this personal info, then the other trader must have to do the same right? 
Stage 1 : Set the time and place, he comes to you. 
Stage 2: As he is en route, he gradually informs you he is getting closer.. 
Stage 3: “About to pull up, can you give me a positive review on localbitcoins? If you don’t already have an account it will only take a second”
Stage 4: “The take away”, if you refuse he threatens to turn back and apologizes politely. Saying he can’t risk doing a deal with someone who isn’t registered with localbitcoins. Evens offers an extra 1% for your troubles.
Stage 5: Creates a short window: “I have to meet someone over in (next town over). I’ll be in town for next hour or so if you change your mind. Sorry it couldn’t work out, I understand your perspective but I can’t do deals with unregistered traders”.
Stage 6: Once you inform scammer you set up localbitcoins account, he walks you through and sends tutorial video on how to send your bitcoin to your localbitcoins wallet. Which is a
Real Video from the localbitcoins site. Basically confirming how to load your personal coin onto localbitcoins. Again, even after sending your coin to localbitcoins you are still in possession of your bitcoin. Only now it is on your localbitcoins wallet instead of your personal blockchain wallet. And if you are new user, he knows he can trick you into sending it from there, to him. 
Stage 7: “Check your Email”. He tells you to check your inbox. Email is from “no-reply  It’s a fake email with fake bitcoin address. Tells you to copy and paste address and send to “escrow” . Also “Do not to hit release coins until cash is in hand”. Which is also quoted several times in the tutorial video.  
Stage 8 He tells you to copy and paste address to “send bitcoin” which is conveniently posted on the main page of localbitcoins. Assuring that it is being sent to escrow that was stated in the email/video. He then says when he gets there and pays you then you can hit “release bitcoin”. If you send the bitcoin using the main page by copy and pasting this address you just got robbed..
@_date: 2019-10-08 22:35:21
Yes. Localbitcoins is a legit
Site. So the scam is tricking the person into thinking they are “posting a trade” in which you send the bitcoin into an active escrow to be held. Then once you meet the person and the money is paid, there is an option to hit “release bitcoin”. The escrow takes a few mins to activate, so when he says I’m getting off the exit you feel safe to jump start the transaction since it’s only going to escrow anyway. 
But if you aren’t familiar with localbitcoins site, their is a diff between “post a trade” and “send bitcoin”, and that’s the lingo he confuses you on. In the fake email that looks like a localbitcoins generated email, its a diff address, not an escrow address as it claims. So when you’ve been communicating with the guy all day, and he tells you he’s getting off the exit, I was distracted just enough to send it to the address in the fake email not realizing it was a fake address.. 
I thought I was doing it right, because everything you read in regards to localbitcoins and their site/videos says you “send bitcoin” first to escrow. Then once you have an offer in hand you hit “release coins”. So at the very least even if you think the guy is a scammer, as long as you don’t hit “release bitcoin” then you are good. Only there is no “release bitcoin” option when you choose the sell/send bitcoin on the front main page. 
The release option is only when you click on the post a trade tab, and set it up through there. The send/sell on the main page is for quick sells. This option is only for if you already know the person and or don’t need to verify them, and therefore does not have  a “release” button. And that’s the only reason you send it, because your under the impression there is still one more phase of confirmation when there isn’t..