@_author: cassini_seven
@_date: 2017-03-24 16:28:25
A successful fork (beyond trivial altcoin creation) requires 51% of hash power for a rogue start or 70-80% for a confident start.  Bitcoin Unlimited's rapid rate of ascent over the past 3 weeks was unsustainable.  It was due to a single pool operator (Antpool), and now Antpool is about all converted.  BU is now probably going to stay stuck at around 40% for weeks, months, or perhaps indefinitely to come.
See 
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:33:43
BU's recent hash rate gain was fueled by Antpool conversion, and now Antpool is essentially all converted.  That leaves BU at 40% but with no easy way to climb to even 51%, let alone 70% for a solid fork.
Is any of the giant Core/Segwit mining pools going to switch now, after all the issues exposed with BU?  Doubtful.  They probably would have already if they planned so.  Bitcoin Unlimited's rampup already tanked what would have been a bull run after a bitcoin ATH, destroying vast miner profits.
My guess for a BU fork is either months from now or never, likely never.
@_date: 2017-03-24 17:21:28
But only valid fundamentals count for long, not misperceptions.
(Almost) everybody is assuming a fork will occur and that it is imminent, like how a Bitcoin betting site dates its bet to end next month.  What people don't realize yet is the former is doubtful and the latter definitely wrong.  Antpool conversion is essentially complete now, and that was the source of the rapid BU rise.  Now they are stuck at around 40% unless one of the larger Core/Segwit mining pools converts, which is doubtful anytime soon.  That is not 51%, let alone 70% for a fork.
Smart miners would figure out that they would have made a lot of money from Bitcoin having a bull run after earlier hitting its all time high, if not for BU coincidentally -- or non-coincidentally -- ramping up at about exactly the right week to torpedo Bitcoin's price rise.  The timing suggests one or more lead BU personalities are either fools, or doing this for ulterior motives (e.g. profits on short positions), or secretly opposed to Bitcoin itself -- neither good.
@_date: 2017-03-31 00:50:42
As a trader, I believe in reading both sides for max knowledge, thus often browsing their forum too.  But, without a doubt, it is noticeable how the relative ratio of bitcoin to altcoin like is much lower there than here.  Many of them don't seem to really love bitcoin, nor understand why it isn't just replaced by ethereum.
@_date: 2017-03-31 00:54:38
Actually, even most miners are not the issue, which is rather mainly just a handful of mining pool operators.  68% of individual miner hashrate within Slushpool supports Core, and that figure is higher than it was a while back.
That the Antpool BU surge happened PBoC-style, right on time to torpedo a bullish trend in Bitcoin price (previously having just broken the all-time-high), may or may not have been intentional, but, at best, it shows utter disregard for wiping out tens of percent of Bitcoin price and hence much miner income.  Smart miners could figure out that crashing the price way further by an actual fork would not help them, not like skipping messing Bitcoin up and so letting it continue to $2500 by the end of this year as it was enroute to do (from Metcalfe's Law).
The price crash happened exactly when the public heard about the fork risk and BU:
(Fortunately, there is a path to recovery for Bitcoin before lost market share to altcoins becomes more permanent: If the fear and myth of an imminent fork fades, as BU plateaued with a minority of hashpower, Bitcoin price can recover somewhat, causing some of the money which flew into Ethereum to flow back, causing the Ethereum bubble to mostly pop, reminding users of an advantage of Bitcoin over altcoins: less often 50+% price swings).
@_date: 2017-04-14 13:37:58
I am glad to see Wang Chun is considering feedback.
@_date: 2017-04-15 02:39:00
After the early morning rise aided by North Korea risk concerns faded, the market was headed towards a fall in price below $1200.  Now it has stabilized above $1200, and it is rising.  That's not bad for one tweet which many people have not seen yet.  Once he literally signals for Segwit on Bitcoin, then that will be more bullish.
Think of price-affecting factors not in isolation but superimposed on each other.
(Regarding my remark about North Korea risk affecting Bitcoin, North Korea did all prior nuke tests earlier in the day.  Since they haven't yet, the chance they will at all today, to mark their former leader's birthday, continues to diminish -- and professional traders do recognize details like that).
@_date: 2017-04-15 01:59:26
Thank you Wang Chun, if you read this. As a trader, I think Bitcoin will have a breakout move upward once it breaks the resistance at $1250, so, once you start signaling for Segwit on Bitcoin, we should break the all time high within weeks.
@_date: 2017-04-14 07:06:41
Some miners are changing pools.  If you look closely at the BU hash rate plot history at  , you can see the rebound effect from that happening after each BU increase from pool conversion.  *However*, switching pools is a nuisance barrier, more so than Wang Chun just polling his miners, for instance.
@_date: 2017-04-14 23:58:55
Bitcoin crashing would not help.  If Bitcoin loses relative price stability, that would greatly harm Bitcoin's attractiveness, and it would fall compared to altcoins.  (Jihan would do absolutely nothing helpful in response but attack it further, just as he did when it crashed hundreds of dollars before).  
Once Bitcoin dropped below 50% of crypto market cap, the fall would create further panic and become self-accelerating.
Not only would that be bad for Bitcoin, it would be bad for crypto in general, as a giant demonstration of no lasting reliable investment, with the top coin at any one time likely replaced sooner or later, causing HODLers to flee once realizing that (especially since most of them want a fire-and-forget investment, not constantly looking at the markets like a day trader).
I've been looking at Bitcoin trading action for countless hours recently, as a trader.  Some people are trying very hard to kill Bitcoin, in hopes of replacing it by Ethereum, expending millions of dollars on it at a time.  But do not be foolish enough to join them.
Right now, Bitcoin needs to rise in price above $1250, breaking out in technical analysis, then rising to $1300 and beyond, aided by exceeding the all time high.  That will much reduce a prime problem for Bitcoin right now, the bleed to altcoins.
Meanwhile, Segwit will be activated on Litecoin, a demonstration which will increase Segwit support.  Then go for the golden mean between the current UASF proposal and implausible 95% hash rate support for Segwit, going for more backwards compatibility.  It may be best to do it as a two-step approach, first separately taking out Jihan's AsicBoost cheating method which he can't publicly admit to using.  That way: (1) his hash power decreases as a portion of the total, (2) the fact that he was using it gets blatantly revealed by the fall in hash rate, leading to more people realizing the ulterior motives in Segwit opposition, indirectly leading to more Segwit / UASF support.
@_date: 2017-04-14 05:22:51
People forget: It isn't a majority of miners.  It is several mining pool operators.  If Wang Chun's F2Pool let individual miners in it choose whether they think Bitcoin's price performance and their profits would be best with Segwit, or another BU hard fork scare market crash, or stagnation, I bet the result would be loads of Segwit support, like what happens in SlushPool now.
Wang Chun says he operates no mining hardware himself.  He should poll his miners instead of deciding for them.
If I were a miner, I'd be pissed at how all the recent trouble caused by mining pool operators prevented Bitcoin from being way above the current price.  Damaging Bitcoin, right as it was about to zoom with all-time-high breakthrough and beyond, is a sign of either a very curious coincidence, serious lack of benevolence, or else other reasons not to want the skewed clique deciding.
@_date: 2017-04-08 23:07:02
I never heard of them before myself either.  But apparently they are part of Huobi.
@_date: 2017-04-17 22:14:02
Regarding the following statement:
"While we develop these additional fiat offerings, we're disabling fiat deposits until further notice."
The latter part of the sentence doesn't actually follow as necessary from the first part, in any clear manner, unless more is going on.
This would be like Poloniex disabling all of its existing coins every time it added a new coin, except nothing really needs that.
No offense, but my present guess at the reason would be not Bitfinex voluntarily choosing to disable receipt of incoming fiat but rather involuntarily discovering that their bank(s) will no longer allow such.
That is nearly implied in 
You should just be frank about it.
@_date: 2017-04-15 01:51:26
Aren't withdrawals in other fiat currencies still working fine?  Presumably they will switch to another bank later for the USD part.
@_date: 2017-04-17 05:26:28
Yes, we need an ASICBOOST fix which stops it while doing nothing else, so opposition is indefensible.  Afterwards, the hash rate picture will be more favorable to work on Segwit next (decreasing the threshold below 95%).
@_date: 2017-04-15 13:00:54
51% sounds too low.  AFAIK, random daily variance would make that potentially like setting a sub 50% threshold.  OTOH, maybe 60% or something might work if cutting it close.
Here might be one path to 60%:
1) Wait for Segwit success on Litecoin, aiding Segwit popularity.
2) If possible, likely best take out AsicBoost cheating in advance with a non-Segwit measure first.  Admittedly, I'm unsure if one could get 60% of mining hash rate to agree on that, but non-cheating miners should not want to lose profit share to cheaters.
@_date: 2017-04-15 00:37:19
People have almost forgotten, but we are only tens of dollars short of the all-time-high.  We can break it, get back rising again, and reduce the bleed to altcoins.  For now, Bitcoin needs stability and waiting four weeks for the Segwit demonstration on Litecoin.  Although some of Wang Chun (F2Pool's) tweets are trolling, I think he might come around to Segwit if it goes well on Litecoin first (as an earlier tweet of his once implied, despite going back and forth).