@_author: catapultation
@_date: 2017-12-12 10:39:02


I understand that this is possible, I just find it highly unlikely that's how the network will be set up in practice.
You're internet analysis is missing the fact that all of those hops on the LN must be online at the time, have enough blockchain in their open channels to front buying a mattress, and stay online for the duration of the transfer.  Unlike the internet, where hops are essentially free, there are real costs to the hops on the LN.
What happens when one of those eleven hops turns off their wallets for two weeks?
Compare that to the likelihood of VisaHub, where I need to open one channel with an always on hub with immediate connections to every major retailer.  Why would I want to open a channel with anyone else?
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:58:03
Just to make sure we're on the same page, I don't think LN will fail or won't exist, I think it will exist similar to normal banking.  There will be major hubs, like Visa or AmEx, and they will process the vast majority of transactions.  They will be regulated by the government, and will be able to charge a premium since they comply with that regulation (and major retailers will only open up channels with 'approved' hubs).  It can still be used, and the transactions will still be fast, but it will be regulated and anonymity will likely suffer.
The distributed network or channels seems unrealistic to me, since most people would prefer to have their money tied to one channel, specifically retailers.  I don't see Amazon wanting to open up (and keep open) channels with everyone that requests one when they could just open one channel with VisaHub and have all of their payments route through there.  Perhaps initially it isn't that big of a deal as the outcome is the same if you use the hub or the network, but once there is any hint of regulation retailers will flock to the established hub.  If Amazon accepts payment from unregulated hubs, they could be transacting with terrorists or drug dealers.  If they accept payment from VisaHub, regulated by the government, they're presumably insulated from that risk.
In addition, Amazon (and most retailers) are going to regularly close their channels in order to balance their books in USD.  The fewer channels they need to open + close the better it is in terms of affecting the blockchain.  If Amazon opened and closed 100000 channels a day, that's a lot of transactions on the block chain.  If it's just one (open and close with VisaHub), that isn't so bad.
As far as the technical stuff goes, I feel I have a pretty good grasp of it but it's somewhat incidental to my larger point, so I'll let it go.     
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:18:56


So they use AmExHub and CitiHub too.  
I just don't see what the incentive is for them to open up hubs with essentially random users.  Is Amazon going to open a channel with someone who is willing to lock in $1000 to that channel?  The most can they get from them is $1000, then they have to close that channel.  Or what if that node is only connected to two other nodes, who aren't connected to anyone?  Why would Amazon open that channel?
I just don't see the incentive for a retailer to open channels with random users that won't be able to guarantee the compliance, capitalization and connections from a major hub.
@_date: 2017-12-12 12:06:50


There is a difference between being online and being on the LN with open channels.  There is a real cost to the latter (your btc are tied up in open channels).  In addition, the internet is centralized.  You may route through a bunch of computers, but at the end of the day your connections (and essentially everyone else's) are going through major hubs.  Try using the internet in China.


Are you sure about this?  I haven't read anything about this, and I don't recall it in the white paper (although it has been a bit).  Would you use the same encrypted code for both routes, or would you initially have to create multiple encrypted codes each assigned a different value (and if so, how would you generate those values prior to finding the routes?)  


So the transaction goes A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - I - J.  On the way back it goes it J - I - H - G - F - E, but E isn't online anymore.  First, the btc will be held up at E until the expiration of the lock, however long that might be. Then a new route needs to be found from A (and there are no guarantees that this new route would work either).
The alternative is that the transaction goes A - F - J, where F is connected to essentially everyone and is always up.  Why would the ten hop be preferable to the one hop?


What happens when government regulators step in and say all hubs must be regulated?  At that point, rational participants would care about "who" their channels are with.


Isn't this an argument for centralization?  Only incredibly well capitalized entities will be able to open up major hubs.  
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:40:31


And it seems like the nodes that would win out on all of these metrics would be the centralized hubs.  If Amazon is choosing between a random hub and VisaHub, VisaHub is almost certainly going to win out in every metric.
@_date: 2017-12-24 19:34:44


Do you have a source for this?  I haven't seen that capability listed anywhere.
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:54:30
It does make the network centralized though.  If Amazon only uses VisaHub, doesn't that seem important?  VisaHub will have fairly large power over how the rest of the LN operates considering the amount of transactions that will funnel to Amazon.  
If your resilient, many channeled network wants to get a transaction to Amazon, it would still need to go through VisaHub.
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:23:48


All entry points into the LN are voluntary channels being opened up.  If a retailer is entering the LN, why would they voluntarily choose to open a channel up with a random node vs opening a channel up with VisaHub?  Why would I choose to open a channel up with a random node vs opening a channel up with VisaHub?  That's the question I'd like to see answered.
I/the retailer don't know how many other connections that random node has (they might be completely new to the LN, and have no other open channels).  They might be connected to unsavory channels, which could result in me processing unsavory transactions.  They might decide to exist the LN tomorrow, requiring me to open up new channels.  They might have very little btc in their other channels, making them useless as a route.  etc.
@_date: 2017-12-30 23:08:50
How would you pay taxes?  You need to use USD to pay taxes to the government.
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:10:24


Which seems more like it would be more efficient and likely - a network where there are ten open channels connecting you to the mattress store each with enough money to front buying a mattress that are all online at the same time, or one hub that connects you directly to the mattress store.
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:21:03
That's a two hour talk - any idea which part?
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:01:35


The problem you'll run into is that Amazon and Starbucks are only going to use the ones that listen to the government.  The natural flow will be towards hubs working with major retailers, and those retailers will gravitate towards hubs that comply with regulations.
@_date: 2017-12-31 01:45:51
Well... [Executive Order 6102](
At the end of the day though, as long as the US will only accept USD for transactions involving the government, there will be demand for the USD.
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:08:05
I think you'd most likely end up with government regulation of these services.  The large retailers would only work with those that comply with the regulations.  How many of those there would be it is tough to say - it would require incredible amounts of capital to run a hub, so I'd guess few.
@_date: 2017-12-12 17:59:56
Do you have a source you could point me to?  Or maybe the page number in the white paper?  I'm more than willing to read it, and I've already done a fair bit of reading, but I have yet to come across that concept.
So, any help on that?
@_date: 2017-12-31 00:10:41
I mean it's possible, but it's highly unlikely.  The ability to print and control the currency necessary to interact with the government is a very valuable power.  I don't see why a government would voluntarily cede that power.
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:23:26
My question is what retailer would work with your hub?  If Amazon only works with AmExHub and VisaHub, it would be pointless for anyone to connect to your hub if they wanted to buy from Amazon.  Just go straight to AmExHub or VisaHub.
If a nefarious third party wanted to use your hub to hide their purchase, presumably they could do that.  I imagine that would be the kind of thing AmExHub and VisaHub would be regulated to try and find (any suspicious transactions or whatnot)
@_date: 2017-12-12 01:52:16


Or be forced to by the government.
@_date: 2017-01-25 13:46:34
Can someone ELI5 for me?
Why is there the withdrawal fee, and who does it go to?  How does the fact that people are using BTC for larger transactions screw over the smaller transactions - the fee I assume is applied equally, and the larger transactions raise the price?
I don't really get it