@_author: catchjack
@_date: 2014-04-05 03:33:31
I was debating this a few months ago on and from memory I got downvoted to hell for being so negative. :P
Granted, I also called it a hyperinflated bubble stock, but still. The crux of the push was that it's a currency. The only real change to that idea has been since the US IRS decided they were property and a bunch of people gave up on "the dream". There's still adherents who will adamantly maintain that they don't need governments for it to become a currency but they're starting to be in the minority.
@_date: 2014-04-05 02:37:13
The check bit makes sense, if you're looking to convert BC's into actual dollars. You know what BC's look like. They go up, they go down, they go all around... And that in five minutes on some days.
Taking a check, and taking BC's, well there's a risk with them which isn't fixed till they're converted out. At the moment BC's just aren't stable enough (IMO) to be used as anything other than a high risk stock. And IMO they're a bit too inflated. For people who aren't turning a grad paper into a life style, they need to listen to Buffet.
For everyone else, dump more assets into BC and see how long it can go up.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:44:29
Cuts out the middleman, won't work unless there's radical ideological change in the USA.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:47:08
Why should I use your P2P scenario instead of Dropbox? Dropbox is free, it gives me a decent amount of space, it's easy to use, has a lot of great features, works on mobile devices and across OS's, I can log into it without needing special software, and AFAIK it's reasonably secure as far as online storage goes. Not NSA level secure, but reasonably.
Being able to set up advertising on "private" files isn't really ideal, neither is an open blockchain or P2P nodes. Could "secure" it, spread the file around, but then you have a fragmentation problem. What am I getting if I use your version over Dropbox?
If you'd just said Youtube then fine, but Dropbox isn't Youtube. ISP's doesn't make sense either. You could team up with the Free Network Foundation, but otherwise I'm still going to be running through an ISP to connect to this new network. Why would I do that?
@_date: 2014-01-01 05:00:15
Apple has a wrapper over everything, so you're aiming for a single target rather than multiples. For a personal opinion, Apple is also much less secure than other companies. They shipped the iPhone with the ability for people to send .exe's to the phone and have them automatically run in the background with admin rights.
Security through obscurity only works against low tech threats, not against people who don't need an exploit to root you.
@_date: 2014-04-05 03:11:34
Bad news, gold isn't as valuable as what we pay for it. There's no inherent value, just a lot of "oo, shiny" which makes it a bubble asset. Thing is though, you can make money off of bubbles (and baubles!) if you're switched on enough. That doesn't make the asset a good recommendation for anyone, it just makes it a fun and potentially very profitable dalliance for when you get bored with traditional stocks/assets.
Could also crash hard though. Very high risk can occasionally bring very high gain. 'shrugs'
@_date: 2014-01-07 10:34:00
Ah kay. That makes sense. Slower response time but faster uptake since there's no choice but to update.
Interesting perspective.
@_date: 2014-01-01 05:26:08
Don't be so sure. They've spent a lot of money on security since WinME and they've come a long way. I mean the NSA is a brain company and they've got some very smart people, but it's still not a guaranteed bet against Windows these days. As much as I despise their silly UI in Win8, security wise each successive version of Windows is taking a bit longer to break.
@_date: 2014-04-05 03:27:47
CoD rigs didn't last long though, miners came out pretty quickly at which point your average desktop just couldn't keep up.
@_date: 2014-04-05 03:03:54
Except given a rising population, so long as you kept your house then it will pay itself off. That's how land works. It bubbles, and pops, and bubbles, and pops, and on a fairly regular frequency too. Some areas just bubble, inner city is one of those places which can't really die if you pick a non-manufacturing city. Manufacturing is too easy to ship overseas these days and companies will cut costs anywhere they can, so inner city with a factory isn't a great idea. Anything else though will bubble like mad.
@_date: 2014-04-05 03:24:21
Like a lot of finance, it's looking at probables. If someone else would have bought that space then you would have made 1K, as opposed to posting an ad for yourself which left your finances at the same area. Of course this isn't taking into account what you could gain from the advertising, but that's the basic point of who isn't actually failing hard but his slathering love of the guestimation and sheer nonsense that is finance/economics would still make him a troll.
EDIT: I get your point, I get his, I think his is insane, but a lot of people play with our money using principles like his so it's 50/50. Crazy is still crazy, but when everyone does it you should be crazy too else you're the weird one.
@_date: 2014-04-05 17:12:13
Get it? Referencing extreme devotion with current events? I'm totally fetch right now.
@_date: 2014-01-01 05:10:47


Android is going closed source though, Google is increasingly pulling support for their modules as they upgrade them. That introduces single software solutions to all Android hardware, giving the NSA a single proprietary and slow moving target to aim for.
@_date: 2014-01-07 08:24:08


Ah, you're not a security person then. So basically, if the door is locked then you go in through a window. Ever heard of escalating privileges? Go in through the window and through the bedroom door to the rest of the house. From there you can unlock the front door, or make yourself a key so you can come back at any time. Tap the phoneline so you know what's going on, and put loggers on the keyboards.
Ever heard of the PwnToOwn competition? Hack the device, keep the device. That simple. Have a look at the competition, and count how many times it was an OS flaw that took down the machines. From memory Adobe programs are the most frequent entry points, followed by browsers. Apple makes this easier by keeping the entire thing closed source, but Google isn't helping by converting Android to closed source one module at a time since that gives you a static entry point.
If you have a key for Lock Window A, and every house has Lock Window A, then you have a key to all houses regardless of what the lock is on the front door or how the house is laid out.
@_date: 2014-04-05 02:45:19
He insulted the life style and identity of 116,729 This is never going to get to the top. :P
@_date: 2014-04-05 17:11:06
Maybe. :P
@_date: 2014-04-05 03:05:59
Not necessarily. It might have been overvalued at $100, but a bubble doesn't stop just because something is overvalued. Enthusiasm can push stocks or assets up to ridiculous levels before it finally pops, those are the ones which crash the hardest.
On the other hand, diamonds.
Finance and economics are problem gamblers trying to rationalise what they're doing. Never seems to work out though.
@_date: 2014-01-07 14:31:50
No way, that was rather a lengthy objection noting that closed source apps on an open source phone give a consistent window you can go through and escalate privileges after that. So even though most of Android is OS, the closed source Google modules give a consistent target. You aim for them and work from there. Makes closed source really bad to have.
@_date: 2014-01-01 05:34:19


I'm not condoning spying, but there's a lot of private companies doing the same thing, there's a lot of states doing the same thing. Always has been.
These days it's a bit easier with companies like Facebook and Google making a fortune trading personal information, but the USA isn't the big bad in the world. They aren't even a bad really, they're probably even one of the goods just because they have enough people in there that would make decisions to release all the data.
Have a care not to forget that other countries are also spying, the NSA just appears to be really, really good at it. And got caught, that's kinda bad for an intelligence agency but still, really good.
@_date: 2014-04-05 03:07:23
Playing in here is like playing in or It isn't educational, nor is it fulfilling. It's fun though.
@_date: 2014-01-01 05:13:49


Heh. Apple is soooo slow when it comes to exploits. They've definitely improved since they first brought the iPhone out, but they're still running a security through obscurity model and it isn't working out for them. Microsoft and Google are far better in the commercial world, and a lot of Linux/Unix OS's still have better response times and more thorough patches than Apple does today. They need to take security seriously, and that won't happen until it affects their brand.
We almost need a technological Applocalypse in order for them to smarten up.
@_date: 2014-04-05 03:01:50
I was going to write a long spiel about why investing shouldn't be based on how much you believe in something, but BC's probably don't count because that's where it's value comes from. Lots of hopefuls who worship the photons it passes through. Not sure if it's a good thing, but belief is probably an okay idea.
Don't compare BC's to land, oil, steel, etc, because it's not. A rising population guarantees lands value simply based on supply and demand, then you throw the usual market shenanigans into the mix and land is not as ridiculously unstable as BC's. Oil hit the 50% mark a while back and will remain king until tech comes along to wean transport off of being gas powered, but since petroleum is used in plastics as well that won't kill it. Can't really lose with natural resources like natural gas or petroleum atm. Can't lose working against them either, it's fun. Steel goes up and down but it's necessary so if you buy when it's low then you can't really lose out.
BC's are your average casino crazy, and you should only investing if you believe in BC's. In what they represent (a grad paper), in what they could do (Paypal, maybe), but if you take a shining to your money then you're probably better off elsewhere's.
@_date: 2014-01-01 05:01:46


Bingo, they're selling the brand and not that pathetic hardware or faulty software. Those hipster ads really worked out for them.
@_date: 2014-01-07 10:28:34
Yeah, the systematic and sustained attack by a well equipped and funded cryptographic and hacking wonderland will roll over most defenses. Really I think the security debate for home devices is more about whether some kid can fire up an auto hack program and gain entry.
@_date: 2014-04-05 03:31:21
You're missing enthusiasm. People who love a stock, who *believe* in a stock, who think said stocks sings in choirs replete with harps and fairies, those people will keep pushing a stock above "necessary" supply/demand levels.
Actually supply/demand is a stupid idea in the first place since a lot of companies don't price accordingly, and a lot of wealthy people refuse to acknowledge it so they can feel better over owning most of the supply. :P
Basically it all (grammar, theory, etc) falls apart here:


Lots of people. And even if no-one new came in, there's a lot of people who will keep buying bitcoins. So long as sellers don't dump everything, BC's will keep going. And even if they did dump everything, then there may just be enough Beliebers to keep it going.
@_date: 2014-01-01 05:21:33


Assuming that they're running the same version of that software. :P
There's a few Google apps on my phone I haven't updated, simply because they take away functionality. That's just a personal anecdote, but now you need multiple versions of that exploit, taking it up to maybe 12 versions total. Can you really not think of another way to increase the numbers? There's a few I can think of, all of which makes it much harder to automate the exploit. So the NSA can theoretically instantly at any time they choose pull a Batman with iPhones, they can't do that as easily with Android.
@_date: 2014-04-05 03:21:49
How much of Intel does he own? And Visa/Mastercard?
Besides, you can invest in bubble stocks, and you can invest in bad stocks. Doesn't mean they're good stocks always, just means that you can make some money once in a while. Incidentally newspapers have been losing money as they refuse to adapt to mobile phones with cameras getting stories out faster than they are, and being seen for the biased p.o.s's that they are, so newspapers really are a bad investment.
It's not like that would have been hard to predict. And while Buffet has dumped a hundred million or so into mass buying of multiple small town newspapers, keep in mind that 1) that's not a lot of money for him and 2) he still accepts that papers will continue declining. He just thinks he can make some small amount of money in the meantime, although if you read any of the interviews it sounds like he's pining for the good old days at time which would make it an emotional investment.
Still doesn't mean it's a good stock.
@_date: 2014-01-01 05:05:42


That's been happening for a looooooooooong time. It was so big for a while that companies like Mozilla and Microsoft started offering their own bounties on exploits for their products. I think they still do, techniques like fuzzing meant you could break programs so quickly.
@_date: 2014-01-11 10:31:42
Old post, but parents can make flawed decisions based on trust. Actually we all can, but "blood" makes it even more stupid.
While the father could have put it all into a trust and assigned lawyers to take care of the money till the daughter was a certain age, he would have thought about the fees to the lawyers to make sure that happened then considered his son. His amazing, loyal, responsible, trustworthy son. Then decided that instead he'd leave the money with his son where the entire value could be split between his children meaning no lawyers or governments get involved.
As it turns out if the post isn't a fake then the son is an absolute idiot and entirely illsuited to taking care of any money over $20, but the father could have missed that. We misjudge strangers all the time, misjudging family is easier and not entirely uncommon.
@_date: 2013-11-08 13:27:46
Oh yeah of course, the ToS states they can. But has someone emailing an  account read the ToS? Probably not. Have they still consented? Google says yes, people say what, courts are thinking.
Spam is easier since people can mark it individually so your algorithms can adjust themselves. It's amazing. A self correcting algorithm that learns.
Email can be read by everyone it passes, but you're not allowed to take copies and chat to people about emails you read just because you own an email server, or just because it was sent to you. Someone tells you a joke? Probably okay to tell it to someone else. Was the joke about baked Jews? Probably less okay to tell your boss. Was it instead an email concerning a private matter? Probably shouldn't start blabbing.
Copyright still doesn't come into it. As for copyrighting someone else's work without permission being illegal, Waltzing Matilda comes to mind of a famous example where it actually turned out to be quite profitable.
@_date: 2013-10-21 10:18:51
118 Bitcoins is *currently* worth 20K, but it probably wasn't at the time unless all those Bitcoins were donated today. Careful how you word your emails, or Wiki will be even less inclined to accept a speculative currency.
@_date: 2013-11-08 10:43:29
Trade? Who's going to trade in a currency that can swing by over 100USD overnight? Stocks like that exist sure, but an actual day-to-day currency? What about scaling? The blockchain is still peer-to-peer, what happens if a small country started trading with it? The blockchain would grow to be unusable rather quickly. Could centralise it, but wouldn't that void those holy ideals you espouse?
There isn't even a philosophical conflict though, Bitcoin was an experiment by someone who dropped out around the time the libertarian people moved in with their "this is the holy grail". It wasn't built to take over the world, and it's really not ideal for it at the moment. Bitcoins are only backed by Bitcoins and die hard idealists who ignore that miners took the "people" part out of it a long time ago, that it's not scalable, that it's fringe technology in it's infancy, that it's too fragile to use as a currency, and that it's not as secure as everyone thinks it is if that 1.3mil hack a few weeks ago is anything to go by.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not knocking the idea of cryptocurrencies, I like them, and Bitcoins have made it further than most. It's still not viable though and I'm not even sure it can be in it's current form. I'm all for pulling the teeth out of banks and politicians, or at least making them work for their supper, but BC's won't do it. They're a bubble tech that are riding the popularity wave, and won't be of any use to the average person until they've slowed down. Although if the blockchain problem was solved, and they slowed down to be used for a currency, people are going to make a killing from selling them piecemeal to the general populace.
Probably another reason they won't take over, say BC's overnight became the only viable currency in the world. The people with a few thousand BC's in their accounts are now billionaires who charge "what the market can bear" and the problem with the stupid wealth gap remains, while the currency can be backed by any kid with an updated Nmap/Nessus/Metasploit. So morally they lose, technologically they lose, and economically they lose. Unless you're a speculative trader, BC's aren't worth a whole lot atm.
@_date: 2013-12-19 05:55:31


At the moment, any money in Bitcoin for a what-if scenario is neither invested nor guaranteed. I'd argue there's technical flaws which prohibit it's use as a day-to-day currency, but that's an unnecessary aside here so we'll leave it with "Wishful thinking is money you're not looking for".
If on the other hand you're *investing* money then you're not looking for it as a currency, you're using it as a fragile stock which can go up or down at a seconds notice. You can generally predict these things so you can short or boost the stocks as needed, but it's still a very risky stock you need to micromanage.
Those are the two camps, one invests, the other dumps money in and leaves it there.
If you're investing, only money you have and micromanage. If you're leaving money there then put money in and walk away.
@_date: 2013-10-21 09:09:34
Safer wallet programs and easier to use is the least of it's problems. It's hugely unstable, not accepted by a large swath of the internet, fewer places off the internet, and has a bad reputation as the crypto currency of child porn.
That's the perception anyway, I'd say around half of it is true but it's mostly the instability which will keep serious people away. The vast majority of people will use shares now for their super account, but they don't like something which could be 5c today, $300 tomorrow.
@_date: 2013-09-26 03:38:31
I don't think politicians are good people, how do you keep coming to that conclusion? I must be terrible at this communication thing. :S
I think they're not nice, in the same way that big businesses aren't nice, and I don't think that removing one of them solves anything. I also think that the natural progression for a lot of people seems to be towards power, isn't that the American Dream? More wealth, higher status. If that really is the case, then the groups should exist with enough power to keep each other in check, rather than removing one but not the other which appears to be your modus operandi.
@_date: 2013-09-23 00:10:47
I waded into this sub willingly, in search of the end to the rabbit hole. Doesn't seem to be one but it's entertaining all the same. The responses are especially amusing, so an apology is unnecessary.
Have some popcorn and enjoy your freedom to disagree with everyone.
@_date: 2013-11-10 05:52:54
They can read the post card, but are they allowed to scan it for later use? No. No they can not.
Google builds profiles of people. If you have an Android phone and are logged in then there's a list of your top 20 contacts organised by frequency. Should still be there, may be more than 20 now. If you install a Google toolbar on any phone, or on your web browser, then there's a profile of what you do. That's useful information to give you targeted ads.
But if someone contacts me on that phone? Or emails a Gmail account? Have they consented to Google making a profile on them for future use? Does Google get to use their data to refine their advertising algorithms?
You seem to be arguing yes. In which case, can the NSA listen to your phone calls?
@_date: 2013-12-02 09:33:09


As someone who has been watching these experiments for a while, and BC was an experiment and not a design for the future, how do you see BC's moving past the current limitations? What if a million more people starting using BC's, the blockchain will quickly get to the point where it's not storeable by most computers. What then? We could centralise it, but that goes against the libertarian ethos which has taken over BC's. We could cut off the blockchain after X months, days, hours, minutes, but that opens up security problems. How do you see BC's scaling? Other P2P currencies have issues as well, but since this is the BC sub, BC issues.
Believing that a shakeup of the finance industry is a great idea and thinking BC's are the way forwards aren't the same thing. :P
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:50:48
Something, something, trickle down effect you silly proles, something, something, aren't I wonderful.
@_date: 2013-10-21 09:28:28
Remember when private companies crashed the economy and the government bailed them out? Doesn't matter what country you're in, it's happened to most of them. That doesn't happen with bitcoins, they're only value is how much people are willing to pay for them so it's like accepting an unauthenticated artwork. You're now in the business of speculating and not just "Here's what we got, here's your receipt, have fun claiming it back on tax".
Bitcoins have definitely improved in stability, but even now shocks will happen and they'll go round and round for no good reason. For now they'll stick with something that has value. Paypal has value in the same way that a credit card donation has value, or a bank account has value. It's a (mostly) reliable way of transferring real money.
While Bitcoins are a (mostly) reliable way of transferring crypto coins which aren't real money unless someone buys them from you.
@_date: 2013-09-23 21:40:22
Why not bring yourself out of a pool by working with others to get someone out? Everyone thinks solo, which seems ridiculous. It's not a corrupt system either, there's enough checks and balances to keep everyone honest, but over time the checks have become controlled by the same people which brings the system down.
That's the target.


Kind of, the pacifist has made their choice which results in someone getting hurt. Not throwing the punch is not an excuse. See my first paragraph here, inaction lead to the checks and balances being taken over by the active in who happened to be corrupt. Inaction can be a good decision but is generally detrimental and is easily blamed.
If less people had talked about how bad politicians and lawyers were and become one themselves, would the system have been taken over today? Of enough people took action now, would the separate nature of the checks be restored? Answer's yes, which is my point.
"Oh politicians are stupid so I'm just going to break the law and hate everything" is the attitude which leads to politicians being stupid in the first place.
@_date: 2013-11-06 05:22:32
If someone works for Google, and thinks NSA documenting people is bad, then said person needs to reevaluate their choice of career.
@_date: 2013-09-23 23:23:25
And the wealth goes where? You're starting from a position whete you're behind, yet expecting that not giving any future funds will magically some everything. Like I said, backing out doesn't reset everything, it won't end the game. It just regulates you to last place in a one shot hand.
@_date: 2013-09-23 23:24:21
There are many votes, enough  for your leaders to be representative of at least some of you. 
@_date: 2013-11-06 09:40:55
Hilariously enough not always, if you email a Google account then Google will store a copy and consent is implied since "Everyone knows Google creates profiles of people".
Except they don't, and they're in court over it at the moment.
@_date: 2013-09-25 06:08:38
I mean wealth breeds wealth, and the free market is a finite state between two points, not a system.
@_date: 2013-09-23 12:21:02
That's why you keep arguing, to distil their primary objection to its simplest possible form. Doesn't hurt if you enjoy the situation though.
@_date: 2013-11-20 14:03:56


USD are backed by the USA, the USA defense forces, all the debt the USA holds, all the debt the USA owes. They're backed by powerful megacorporations, and many countries using them as a means to conduct business.
They're backed because they're backed, if that makes sense.
The pyramid scheme because of supply is silly, BC's need no help to crash. :P
It's not an increase in supply, it's an increase in demand. So, BC's became everyday money, BC's are now worth thousands or millions each. Doesn't work as an every day currency, does work as high risk trading.
@_date: 2013-09-23 00:39:50
Dude, you *are* the system. You and people like you. But you're so hell bent on hating the part representative of the whole that you're missing how the part is still a part and you can change your representatives.
If everyone who's ever told me that the system can't be changed had formed a party then you'd be in charge. Don't hide away in subs, tell everyone how you feel, convince them you're right. Alternatively keep down voting and pretending that angst will get you anywhere.
@_date: 2013-09-23 06:43:45
Oh of course, your votes provide legitimacy, not governance. Hence why I suggested running as a rep/forming a party. Make the votes useful beyond the faux democracy that currently exists with the two party system (just take a moment to laugh at the free market system which inevitably leads to monopolies) and fix the system. All you need is one party to provide a challenge. Just one, and just for one election. 
You don't even need to be elected, just convince the major parties that they have to compete; at least for a time.
@_date: 2013-09-23 00:29:43
Or if you're born in China, only 'mericans have rights after all. At least that's what Apple told me.
@_date: 2013-12-02 09:29:03


Just this sub? How about everyone. Rich people aggressively pursue "their" money even if they don't have the money. Paying tax is giving money away when you don't have to. Not getting a government grant means you're not trying hard enough. Compared to "normal" people who only view money they've "earned" as theirs, and everything else as nice to have and/or inevitable.
Makes future wealthy people easy to spot, and ForeverGettingBy easier.
@_date: 2013-09-23 23:48:43
If they declare it legitimate in a country that doesn't then it's a political action.
@_date: 2013-09-21 22:03:59
They left the opening, seemed a shame to pass it by like that.
@_date: 2013-09-23 23:47:23
My hypothesis is that your "normal, decent people" don't actually exist. They're aleady corrupt and simply gain significance and notoriety when given large amounts of power. I also think that politics attracts the power hungry, those most unsuited to the job. However these problems are exacerbated by your decent people who avoid politics, allowing the power hungry to succeed.
Simply dissolving government won't help as power breeds power, regulation is important. You could trim the government down though, a single house, federal government, think Rome. Worked okay for them till the emperors declared themselves divine, thought the USA had an undercurrent of increasing rationality but this conversation is doing away with that fairly quickly. Assuming you're representative of the whole of course, and not just crazy. :P
@_date: 2013-11-08 11:29:02
Does documenting the emails count as scanning? How do you know what variables to look for? And in what context? All algorithms need data to be modified and honed afterwards. And building/storing a profile? If you send me an email and Google builds a profile for you and stores it indefinitely, do you know and consent?
What about your technologically illiterate great grandparents, do they know? Do they consent? If they're from Eastern Europe then the answer to the second is most probably no, but do they know better?
He has the same rights, but say it's personal communication. If we have a personal conversation, can you get a megaphone and shout it from the rooftops? Take an invention of mine and patent it? If it's in the USA then probably to the second, but should you be able to?
That's what I got in the time it took me to type this out which is while LoL loads, 30s tops. You can do better.
@_date: 2013-11-07 01:37:57
Ad scanning is very different, it's reading personal information and sending personalised ads, the information which may or may not be read by a person and may or may not be stored indefinitely.
Gmail doesn't scan headers, it reads your entire email, which is being classed as an invasion of privacy. Similar to the NSA thing, except less people care.
And an email say from myself to you grants you consent to read it, it doesn't grant you specific permission to broadcast it to everyone you know, and it doesn't grant your email company permission to document the email and sell its contents to advertising networks. It's not actually a copyright issue, it's a privacy one.
@_date: 2013-11-13 11:41:28
So, processing means taking information from people who haven't signed a consent form and selling it to advertisers? Making profiles of people and storing them indefinitely? This is different from the NSA how exactly?
@_date: 2013-09-22 00:29:38
Well obviously, but you *would* get further by pushing to change policy rather than buying drugs to show your dissatisfaction with the government. Start a party, change a party, you can get further within the system than by convincing grandma that you're just a troubled young person who will get over their bad habits.
Because perception is powerful, and that's what you look like to people who grew up with "drugs are bad". Taking drugs doesn't change that, because for every well mannered person in a suit who stands up and announces they take drugs, there's some nut on meth trying to stab their partner, or someone on ice rearranging a dumpster, or someone on PCP who's shirtless in the middle of the city and yelling at police to bring it. And the guy in the suit won't make the news.
EDIT: I mean this is the crypto currency, the the darknet operates out of one of the biggest proxy exchanges ni the world. Hiding your actions makes you look like the bad guy. Wouldn't you rather convince people you're the good guy instead of skulking around claiming to be the good guy?
But whatever, this could use a downvote anyway.
@_date: 2013-11-08 03:32:25


Right, the nation grew and instead of simply increasing the amount of politicians to ridiculous levels, we now have middlemen. Which as an American you should love, it's the Capitalist solution. :P
Now you have unions and lobby groups, who talk with representatives of politicians, who talk with politicians. You're still getting a representative democracy, it's just a bit more representative before it ever gets to the politicians.
And the money bit, well, if you want to be able to be a millionaire and hate the idea of socialism, then you're going to need to accept that someone will be more equal than yourself since money is kind of important. It funds those meetings, those advertisements, the billboards and campaign tours, so the more money someone has access to the better they'll be able to campaign.
One of those have cake or eat cake situations, pick one.
@_date: 2013-11-13 08:58:58


So a single EULA signed by one person, is extended to everyone they talk to?
In which case you probably do have a contract with the NSA, so long as you've talked to someone who's talked to someone who's used a service that has a EULA they've signed saying the NSA can store information. :P
@_date: 2013-09-26 01:28:37
I didn't change the subject, I disagreed with the hypothetical basis underlying your question. The free market doesn't exist, and the monopolies aren't propped up by governments (except in a few cases, but as a general thing the government is anti-monopoly).
@_date: 2013-09-21 20:56:06
TIL Slavery == Marijuana
@_date: 2013-11-07 07:41:50
But that's the thing, bitcoins have no value unless you want them to have value. It's like an unregulated share market, but you gain nothing from it except instability. Because it's unstable, no-one can rely on it. Because no-one can rely on it, it can't be used for trading. It's not that open and "cheat free" either, it stopped being so the moment people realised miners were a thing.
You criticised the guy for being right? Since when is that a thing?
@_date: 2013-09-25 20:42:08
No, no, no. Okay, currently we have a small fraction of the population with the majority of the wealth and power (political, commercial, military, etc) which is causing problems. So say you stop voting, then what? The wealth and power doesn't magically slide to you to put everyone on an equal footing, you just relegate yourself to last place and allow the imbalance to continue.
@_date: 2013-09-21 20:57:37
Bitcoins were used for that on some sites, afaik not on silk road but then I haven't been on it in a while. "Hidden" currencies are useful for more than just drugs. :P
@_date: 2013-11-17 04:52:00
"Processing" to show you an email that was sent and scanning/compiling the data contained therein are two different things. You're still ignoring that. :P
What recipient? If whatever email I send you is considered your property to do with as you will, then why can't I take your data and give it to the NSA? Or what about a chain mail, at what point does your "it's all mine" stop being valid?
@_date: 2013-09-25 20:15:57
People choose to go into politics, politics grants power and is easier than getting a top spot in private business. So stupid, power hungry people are more likely to be those running for the top public jobs given all they have to do is convince a few people to vote for them, while you morally upright lot abstain from voting and let them do so. Or maybe lovely people decide they want to control a country out of the goodness of their hearts?
@_date: 2013-09-23 01:45:13
They compared marijuana to slavery. The basic analogy is sound, but slavery? Come on now. It's the American equivalent of bringing Hitler up and equally absurd.
@_date: 2013-09-23 06:27:05
So as soon as you got any measure of power, you'd be a jerk? You have emotional power over your partner, physical power over children, are you just a pathetic bully?  Or could you possibly take over long enough to reset the checks and balances? 'Cause that's all you need to do, remove a power base long enough to put the cronyism counter to zero and force them to rebuild, that's half a century of relative legitimacy right there.
I argue this as one of those quiet kids who struggled with the Pacifist Paradox for a while. It goes like this: If someone is violent towards me and I do nothing, am I a good man? Most would say yes. Now what if someone is violent towards others and I do nothing, am I still a good man? Or am I a self righteous prick.
Just because I have removed myself doesn't mean everything fixes itself, doesn't mean the game ends. I'd you back out, you're as bad as those you hate. 
@_date: 2013-09-25 06:23:52
Because I don't care if you get to smoke up or not. ;-)
Put simply. There are a few things I care about so I work towards those, being able to legally indulge in a variety of substances isn't one of them. I've seen a lot of smaller parties or lobby groups leverage their position to change a certain law, or start new policy direction. I see whinge about laws.
Besides, you'd hate it if I controlled government. I'd kill the second house, heavily regulate parties, increase regulation on commerce, split up all major companies, and take over natural resources on account of them belonging to the state. Equality, not a few wealthy people and a heap of peasants.
@_date: 2013-09-21 22:10:34
Haha, and you missed the joke. :P
They did compare slavery to marijuana, except they used it in law terms. One person wanted to stay within the law, another said no and used slavery as a reason not to except it's an extreme scenario. You could say that slaves were deprived of liberty, and drug laws deprive people of complete liberty, but it would still be a ridiculous comparison.
Extreme cases aren't the whole, and for a minor offense breaking the law to show your dislike isn't a great idea. It's perfectly okay to act against the law from within the law, and you'll get further as it won't unnecessarily alienate people.
But hey, downvote me and claim I fail at comprehension a bit more, that'll show your disapproval of the ~~patriarchy~~ corrupt government!
@_date: 2013-09-26 04:03:14
I objected to your belief that monopolies of power by businesses/individuals are okay and that it's just the government which is evil, which is also absurd.
I also haven't yet posited that monopolies are good, instead I suggested that the government should have enough power to dictate terms to a single corporation no matter its size, but that a group of businesses should be able to dictate terms to the government no matter its size.
This keeps both in check, thus reducing the level of power a single organisation holds whether they be public or private. So far your responses have varied from "You're an idiot" to "Government is evil". What gives? Do you really think a monopoly is okay so long as it isn't someone you ~~didn't~~ vote for? Why is that? What makes the government such an evil entity compared to, say, AT&amp;T or ExxonMobil?
Until you explain that, this conversation is over. Mostly because there seems to be a limit on my response time in this particular sub, I can't post nearly as often as you reply. :P
@_date: 2013-09-23 23:20:59
For the pacifist problem, let's treat this like high school physics. You have perfect knowledge, one is an innocent and the other us a generic violent bully.
For the "power always corrupts", remember Rome? They had the office of dictator, where in desperate times one person would be given supreme executive power for the duration of the crisis, following which they would relinquish power back to the Senate.
Are you telling me that the USA is full of power hungry people? That in the entire country, there isn't a single person capable of taking the Roman office? From memory, each dictator stood down. That speaks less about your politicians and more towards our society that you all think power is this mythical deity with absolute control over a person's choices. 
Yet are still willing to argue deregulation. Paradox much?
@_date: 2013-12-02 09:29:42
First lesson of speculating stocks: Know when to fold.
Second lesson: A win is still a win if the stocks go up afterwards.
Third lesson: Know when to not fold.
Fourth lesson: Know what your risk threshold is and don't go past that. Even if you could keep going, one day the stocks will crash, even temporarily, simply because people expect them too. And if you decided to break your "code" even once, you'll remember it if it goes south.
And finally, only bet what you're willing to lose. If you're willing to lose that $390, then hold onto them forever. Otherwise remember that selling for $1300 is pretty good.
@_date: 2013-11-06 12:22:57
That's not actually why Google's in court, the argument being that implied consent is not actual consent and not everyone knows Google bots scan emails for advertising purposes. More to do with privacy than copyright. Be interesting to find out if I own the copyright on emails I send, although rights are a funny thing. They only seem to count when you're a big business. :P
@_date: 2013-10-22 17:06:59


Bitcoins, SilkRoad, and child porn on darknet are not synonymous, but that's the view of ignorant people. If you see an article on bitcoins, there's a guaranteed reference to SilkRoad, and if it's a sensationalist article then dark net child porn.
@_date: 2013-09-23 23:51:16
Libertarianism is as crazy as Rand, paradoxes abound in this magical place. Any debate is thus going to devolve quite quickly into irrationality, but if you keep at it long enough then you may enlighten a few along the way.
Although I'm on trains for five hours a day, not everyone has this much disposables time.
@_date: 2013-09-25 06:34:07
So far, no you haven't. You've said that politicians are corrupt, that it's the campaign donations which makes them corrupt, and that prior to going into politics they're angels.
I call crazy.