@_author: catdogbread
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:50:09
Nope. You originally said most and that's why I replied to you and consciously made a note of that when I said a lot. Should have quoted you before you edited.
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:36:54
Uhh no dude. I was commenting on how you said most dogs were shut down and act the opposite once home when really it's the opposite of what you are saying so I'm making a direct comment on your specific statement. If anything, they act calmer as you said in your reply which is usually a good thing but that's not what you originally said and made adopting a dog sound worse. Most dogs are not shut down as you mentioned. A lot (but not most) go insane and therefore are euthanized but still available for adoption until then. Most are actually ok and stable. And dare I say, act like how you would expect a dog to act at home. But they can be in the shelter for months and it will get to them.
It's pretty simple to tell a dog that is shutting down from a low energy dog. I've adopted three dogs from the shelter myself and the foundation of who they are is the same as it was in the shelter. One was aggressive from the second I met him (really that dog is a lot of work and was in the shelter for I would say at least 5 months), another was literally shutting down and would not eat, move, do anything but that's just his behavior to begin with. He was only there for about 4 days and was slated to be euthanized the next day before I got him. He's alright now and really a sweet dog but if not at home will revert back to that. The last I got was social and calm in the shelter. She still is.
I have also worked with a lot of shelter dogs. I've volunteered at my local shelter, go there just to visit with animals, worked directly with animal control, and worked with people surrendering their pets due to illnesses that go directly to shelters. Planning on going there again this weekend to donate. been doing so for about 10 years.
@_date: 2017-12-19 20:04:10
Are you ok? Like someone mentioned. The fuck drugs you on?
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:36:01
Really? Because a lot of dogs in shelters literally go crazy in that environment and act out. But once in a warm and stable environment, they are very calm and easy going.
Shelters cause issues for dogs and that's why shelters euthanize even if space is available; animal shelters care about quality of life as well and a dog that's acting out or is shutting down, they will euthanize. That's why placing pets in foster care is a lot better for the mentality of dogs.
If a lot of dogs in shelters are shut down, then why is there non-stop barking 24/7?
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:03:48
Dude, you're something else with anecdotal stories that no one cares about.
Point is dogs are super simple creatures and live life in the moment. What you see is what you get. Shelters encourage adopters to spend time with animals to get to know them before making a choice. Any educated adopter can make an inference to how that animal is as a whole. Dogs don't know to impress anyone. That type of environment means nothing until the dog has had enough.
There is a clear difference between a quiet dog and a dog that is shutting down. People don't adopt dogs that are shut down anyway so it's a non-issue if the dog will be different at home. And those who do already know the dog will be different. That's why there's a push for those dogs to go into a foster home in order to give them a second chance. It's more for the benefit of the dog than the person.
You can opt to purchase a dog if that's your choice. But people buy instead of adopt because of false information on adopting or buying.