@_author: catsandnarwahls
@_date: 2017-12-03 15:59:30
Just buy anonymously. Fuck the irs.
@_date: 2017-12-03 17:12:25
Local bitcoin cash transactions. 
Bitcoin atms with a prepaid debit card.
Just a prepaid debit. 
Wall of coins. 
Ive bought thousands of dollars worth of bitcoins through various anonymous sources with no id. They go to my anonymous wallets, get tumbled, and disappear. 
And lately i have been going hard at monero. I recommend everyone get involved with that. Its the next bitcoin and are onky 100/coin right now. This is how folks got rich with bc. If you bought 100 bc at 100 bucks each 10 years ago, you now have 100k. 
@_date: 2017-06-15 22:47:02
Thats not true though. Thats msm bs. If you follow the wealth from 100 years ago and watch the expansion of said wealth and do the actual math, they are in the area of hundreds of trillions of dollars. They own reuters and the ap. They had a net worth of 11.5 trillion in the 1990s.  They own 2 trillion dollars in assets alone. They have divied up the money among the huge amount of family members so its almost impossible to put an exact figure on it. But there is plenty of reading material out there from reputable people that have done years and years of research into this. 
And as for the name not having power. As i stated, they married into countless powerful families. The name has faded as a symbol of power to those that dont dig, but anyone who takes a little time to do some research will clearly see the power structure of europe and most of the world beyond has the rothschilds on top of it all.
@_date: 2017-06-16 01:27:11
What are you talking about? Their lineage is important to understanding the power and wealth theyve accumulated. If you cant trace the family line or know whos in it, as you clearly dont, how can you even begin to assume their wealth? Thats just ass backwards as fuck. 
As for reuters, they are privately owned, not public. Reuters was previously owned by the Rothschild banking family. They sold Reuters to the Thompson family in 2008. The new company is called Thompson-Reuters.  The Thompson family owns a majority of shares at 53%. Historically, no single individual has been permitted to own more than 15% of Reuters, under the first of the Reuters Principles, which states, “Reuters shall at no time pass into the hands of any one interest, group or faction.” However, that restriction was waived for the purchase by the Thomson family.
And Lady Lynn Rothschild is a high ranking member of the board of Reuters still. 
@_date: 2017-06-16 03:28:18
Coming from the guy that refuses to read anytbing beyond the companies website. Got it. As we know, all major companies are cometely honest and up front. As ive stated repeatedly, if someone chooses to dig, which you seem to be refusing to do, its there. But i know, we should all just trust everything that a company puts on their website without ever considering there is stuff left out or not open to the public at large. Got it. Ok buddy. I wo t even bother to continue. Have a good night. 
@_date: 2017-06-16 03:19:49
So whats your central argument, here? 
Because i cleaely explained why the books dont get written. Its not that information isnt out there. Its being able to discern lies from truth and establish the truth due to the massive amounts of secrecy involved. And that was not my only point of contention about knowing about the history and truth of the rothschilds. But if thats the one half of sentence you want to grab onto, you can do that and ignore the rest of the essay i wrote establishing my point. I expect nothing less from reddit.
@_date: 2017-06-16 18:30:21
A very simple and basic and quick read on wiki shows this...
2nd paragraph under family overview. 
"Paul Johnson writes "[T]he Rothschilds are elusive. There is no book about them that is both revealing and accurate. Libraries of nonsense have been written about them... A woman who planned to write a book entitled Lies about the Rothschilds abandoned it, saying: ‘It was relatively easy to spot the lies, but it proved impossible to find out the truth."
But yes, you can prove a negative if a person chose not to do something and states as much. You cant prove something doesnt exist but you can prove someone chose not to do something. I dont think you understand what it means to not be able to prove a negative. If you asked me to prove god doesnt exist for example, i couldnt. But if you ask me, what books were abandoned, i can cite passages where the writers stated such. This is all very simple really. 
@_date: 2017-06-15 21:49:01
I think you mixed up the shriners and masons. 
But masons still have some power. Not Rothschild level power but they are privvy to some behind the scenes shit. You just have to be at the top of the ladder to know it. 
@_date: 2017-06-16 03:04:28
There are various shares of reuters. Just like the economist. There are public shares that employees and citizens own and there are special A and B shares. Jesus fuckin christ. People read one fuckin thing and think thats all there is to it. And yes they are. Of Share A ownership stocks. Ive done plenty of research on this shit. Im not basing it off of a 5 minute google searchot
People are so fuckin lazy.
@_date: 2017-06-15 21:50:11
You realize they basically have married into every power family in europe right? They hold so many seats of power its incredible. The wealth of those nations combined with the wealth of their banking industry absolutely makes them rich beyond belief. 
@_date: 2017-06-16 00:05:09
For some reason you assumed that i connected the 2 families. The Rothschilds are of German/Austrian descent. Tbey established bankjng empires in 5 major cities. Paris and London being 2. Even the wiki, which is anticonspiracy on the rothschilds, clearly shows how wrong you are. Just because you studied finance doesnt mean you are a genealogist or a detective. People have tried writing book fter book on the rothschilds but none get finished or published with any accuracy as the secrecy surrounding the family and their fortune is infamous. As stated in the wiki, its easy to discern the lies but its impossible to find the truth. Ill take the word of scholars over someone that works in finance. 
But you created a bunch of strawmen and fallacies real quick. I never connected 2 different families. You just assumed i did. But to clarify, you are wrong as fuck. The 2 rothschilds banks, of england and france, merged in 2012 to establish a stronghold on their empire. And for someone in finance not to be aware of these public and well known happenings means you either suck at your job or have no clue what youre talking about. 
And never did i say anything about all rothschilds being one family. But i did specifically speak about tracing, the particular rothschilds we are discussing, the wealth over the centuries. And even then, it takes alot of digging. I also spoke of the rothschilds taking the names of their partners and not being called rothschilds anymore but still having the power under that banner. A few examples,  Princess Sophie de Ligne (born 1957), of the House of Ligne, married Philippe de Nicolay (born 1955), a director of the Rothschild group, and the great-grandson of Salomon James de Rothschild.(notice no rothschild name but still under the rothschild banner?) and Amartya Sen (born 1933), Nobel Laureate, Indian economist and philosopher, married Emma Georgina Rothschild of the Rothschild banking family of England.(Emma then took the name of Sen. Again, no rothschild name, but the family banner still has the power). And we can do this all day and night with the lineage of the Khazar Rothschilds we are discussing. 
Heres some more so you understand what im saying. Notice all the gained titles by marriage or name changes due to marriage. 
Antoine Agénor Armand (1879–1962), of the Naples Rothschild lines, married Countess Élaine Greffulhe, daughter of Princess Élisabeth de Caraman-Chimay
Hannah Mayer Rothschild (1815–1864) married Hon. Henry Fitzroy (1807–1859), of the family of the Dukes of Grafton
Edouard Alphonse James de Rothschild (1868–1949) married in 1905 the Baroness Alice Germaine de Halphen (1884–1979)
@_date: 2017-06-16 01:54:39
My aunt actually works at the federal patent office and its well known that patents are sat on. Nothing like water powered cars, but plenty of extremely high milage engines and 5hings of the like. Again, there is plenty of information out there for the folks that arent too lazy to look and know where to look. But most people look one place and find nothin and say thats the answer. 
@_date: 2017-06-16 18:53:30
I never implied anything. I even stated she chose to stop. And i even used the exact words from wiki. Can u quote my statement where i implied she was silenced? Now you are making shit up. If you can show where i implied she was silenced, ill admit i was wrong and it was misleading. Otherwise, you are showing you are full of shit and making shit up and can take your inability to comprehend what you read elsewhere.
@_date: 2017-06-17 12:40:41
Yeah, thought so. I guess id run away too if i just got embarrased for makin shit up like you did. Go fuck yourself you pseudointellectual know nothing.
@_date: 2017-06-17 13:45:41
Ahhh...so i shit all over your ignorance and you call me a child. Im a grown ass man that put your juvenile ass in their place. I expect this immature reaction from ya. Reduced to ad hominem attacks on me cuz you got embarrassed in the conversation. Youre just a sorry lil thing huh? 
But for the record, i own 2 tattoo shops and dont really have to work much. Not all of us are pathetic folks livin paycheck to paycheck in the rat race. And my kids still have 3 days of school left due to snow days. Then we take a 3 week vacation to ireland. 
You are just adorable, sweetie. When you grow up and learn some shit, you can come back and see if you get embarrassed again or can actually hold your own.