@_author: cavsmoondogspenis
@_date: 2015-01-08 01:31:38
The price of bitcoin, just like any other currency or commodity, is based off of supply and demand. Unfortunately, bitcoin has suffered from oversupply, and that has driven down prices. The demand is there, interest in the currency continues to grow, but supply has increased too quickly, causing the price to decline. This has the tragic effect of scaring off potential users. No one wants to see the value of their investment lose money. While history is no guarantee of future performance, the downward trend is enough to scare off casual would-be investors.
The fact is though, bitcoin is revolutionary, and you never truly lose money until you sell at a loss or the commodity becomes permanently worthless. I don't believe the latter will happen in our lifetimes, and the former is completely up to the investor. You can protect yourself from losses by simply not selling at a loss, with the only caveats being you must treat it as illiquid and be committed to not cashing out short-term (i.e., you can't need the money), and you always have the inherent risk of bitcoin becoming permanently worthless; I assess this risk as being extremely small.
Obviously, the lower the price you buy in at, the more money you stand to make when it recovers. To truly make the perfect call, you need a crystal ball. You would make the most money by buying bitcoin when the price is at its lowest; no one can say for sure when that is. Some people would like to think the price is bottomed out or near bottomed out now, which would suggest this is the perfect time to buy. Others, obviously, have seen the trend and think this trend will continue, in which case if you invested and the price continued to decline, it would take even longer before the price recovered such that you were in the money.
No one can say when bitcoin could reach $1,000. Assuming the currency sticks around for many years, it stands to reason that it will at some point. Even if bitcoin's price recovers, as I believe it will, you also have to consider opportunity cost. If it takes three years before bitcoin recovers, that money that you have tied up in bitcoin could have been earning returns for you elsewhere. However, perhaps this is digressing.
You should read as much as possible before you invest, so that you understand the risks and potential rewards. Ultimately, I would encourage you to invest if and only if you truly believe that bitcoin is revolutionary, and not because you think you can make money trading it speculatively. Day-trading anything is a loser's game.