@_author: cb--
@_date: 2018-03-21 06:33:23
I'm glad you liked it! Thanks!
@_date: 2018-03-21 14:13:49
I LOVE these deep insightful comments.
Do let me clarify, though, when I say "cryptocurrency" I'm speaking only of those blockchain assets that are trying to displace fiat currencies; there are tons of other projects that are trying to leverage the technology for different and interesting things.
And this is where banks might be in some trouble as well. See the interesting thing is that stocks, bonds, pretty much anything can be put on and tracked by blockchains and distributed ledgers. Right now when you "own" a stock, it's still just a claim on something that you don't really have ownership over (the same concept I examined in the video), where as if it were a cryptographically secure, immutable asset as offered by blockchain tech, you would actually be the sole owner if you moved into a wallet for which only you had the private key.
It's this shift away from traditional assets to cryptographically secured digital assets that may pose another legitimate threat to banks, beyond the currency argument I've presented.
And you are absolutely right; nothing may change. It gets especially concerning when you realize that banks have enormous control over the dissemination of information, and can sell any narrative they want to people who lack correct information or a healthy perspective.
And that's really all I want to do. I'm not here to convince anyone that there's ponies and butterflies just around the corner, and that banks will crumble to the ground. Instead, I want to help people develop their own opinions and perspectives. I might have been a little overly biased in the video, in retrospect, but I believe these are issues that we should be critical of regardless of the digital asset movement. It's insanity that banks have so much control over their own regulations.
So, in short, it's decentralization that I think empowers cryptocurrencies. Not just when it comes to money, but all sorts of assets. When you and I can trade money, stocks, securities, cars, houses...anything...without the banks dipping their hands in every aspect of our lives because we have no other choices.
@_date: 2018-03-22 03:37:36


100% agree, and this is why I strongly advocate moving coins off of exchanges wherever possible. Look at what happened with BitGrail. What a nightmare...banks could easily do this as well, setting up their own wallets then giving people access to funds just as with their fiat accounts... Again, secure wallets with your own private key is the way to go.
From there we started going slightly different directions in our conversation. It's clear to me that you have a better understanding of stock trading than I do, and I don't think we're at all arguing - everything you said seems to be very logical and true. But I would like to clarify what I was trying (albeit it poorly) to say:


What I meant was, traditional assets are necessarily traded by centralized institutions that facilitate the trades; but if assets (even shares of a company) were done on a blockchain/distributed ledger, it means that you could pull them off of an exchange (just like a cryptocurrency exchange) and store them on a device that you own. Their value would still be based on market prices, and people would be free to move them into/out of exchanges or banks to trade/store the tokens (which are now stocks) freely. But this also means that, so long as you and I trust each other, we could trade our assets P2P without need for an exchange or paying any sort of exchange fee. Even better if we can write a smart contract to transact the funds in a way that doesn't require us to trust each other.
This even opens up the possibility of decentralized exchanges, wherein no central service benefits from the trades because there's no trade fee that's being charged. HOWEVER...this is an interesting problem...if nobody is benefiting from the decentralized exchange of assets, what incentive does anybody have to keep the exchange up and running? Altruism only gets us so far. I point to EtherDelta, an exchange that has been around for a while, but is FAR from user-friendly, even further from being pretty, and only useful for Ethereum-based assets. So decentralized exchanges will suffer from lack of incentive without being able to charge even a small exchange fee. But then, given the right coding and smart contracts, I could see a decentralized exchange that writes into the trading contracts a tiny fee being paid to the exchange's own account; so it acts as a congregation point for interested traders, who benefit from low fees and never having to move their assets out of their control until they are guaranteed to receive assets from a trade.


When I said this, I mean banks, with their massive amounts of capital and influence over the media, can control the narrative of decentralized, digital assets (basically controlling the news about them). By releasing misinformation in controlled, focused ways, they can convince the general public of opinions that are not representative of reality. For example, they could try to convince people that leaving tokens on an exchange is every bit as safe as leaving them in a secured wallet. This claim would be easily debunked with fiat paper currencies because they have a physical form, but for cryptocurrencies, if the bank's wallet was prettier/easier to use, then it would disincentive people from pulling their coins off an exchange.
I'm not sure where this thought is going (I'm tired), but I can see a very bleak direction for cryptocurrencies in general if traditional banks control the narrative. That's why I want to make informative videos to help people understand as much as possible.
Banks definitely offer services that are necessities for dealing in fiat currencies in the digital age. My point is that dealing with digital currencies in the digital age severely weakens the business proposition for traditional banking. Hence I'm not proposing that cryptocurrencies would kill banks, only that banks would very much like to see the cryptocurrency movement fail. "Failure" can mean a few different things; all assets go to zero and the market disappears (seems unlikely), or that they get to establish rules and regulations at the government level to allow them to severely control the growth of digital assets (like making laws about digital currencies that define out-of-bank control funds to be "money laundering"...this one scares me a bit), or the market simply fizzles out of lack of interest and is never seen as anything more than a fad bubble because not enough people knew how revolutionary it could have been.
@_date: 2018-03-21 14:19:44
Once people have the truth, they can draw their own conclusions. Thanks for the sub!
@_date: 2018-03-21 15:51:37
I think many of us who have been interested and involved in the digital asset space for a long time sometimes forget that there are people who have yet to discover the value of decentralization.
I know this isn't anything knew for the many well-informed and interested parties, but I wanted to make some material to help introduce newcomers and skeptics to the benefits of cryptocurrencies in a logical, compassionate way.