@_author: cb1984
@_date: 2018-01-11 15:24:46
No, but they are trying to make a buck off the belief that they are going to become a currency that you can generally use.
@_date: 2018-01-11 14:02:56
Eh, this is true, but its equally true that being "certain" that say VR tech would actually work (or that iPhones would work, or whatever) is equally unconnected to empirical reality.
I 100% agree with you on anyone who saw the bitcoin explosion coming though.
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:39:48
That's a good point, because it increases the risk. I guess its ultimately like you have two oil companies you can invest in. One thinks there is oil in Antarctica and plans to drill there. One thinks there's oil on Mars and plans to drill there. For the first one, you can look at the science and figure out whether that is a gamble worth backing. For the second, you kinda just need to accept that you have no idea and are mostly guessing.
@_date: 2018-01-11 15:23:42
Cryptos aren't centralised in terms of organisation, but they are 100% centralised in terms of product. And people investing in bitcoin are (for the most part) investing in the product, rather than the organisation. So I think an analogy of picking an unproven tech (because that's what it still is, in terms of long-term investment value) is reasonable.
@_date: 2018-01-11 15:20:55
That's true. Stocks are gambling, but stock investments have far more "knowable" parts to them, because they are generally backed by distinct products which have a known value. 
Cryptos are pretty much a whole host of products which are (somewhat) indistinguishable. They're kinda like a town full of sandwich shops - some are good at some things, some are good at other things, some are well known, some are hidden away in a dark alley and no one goes there. Eventually, the people of this mythical sandwich town will decide for themselves which shops will stay open. But as an investor, its somewhere between "damn difficult" and "utterly impossible" to work out which sandwich shops the public will pick. Sure, you can work out what the most important things should be and make decent guesses based on that, but there's going to be a lot of luck involved.
@_date: 2018-01-11 09:03:38
Why? They are the market leader in an emerging market and their name is synonymous with that success. Hoover was the same in vacuum cleaners, but it was overtaken by others with better technology, branding and products. No reason it can't happen with bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-11 09:06:42
Its 100% gambling. Even if you are certain that Crypto is going to become an established currency, picking which ones will be the winners is a gamble. Sure, maybe you can say that Bitcoin or Ethereum are more likely, but I imagine its like picking the winners of the Super Bowl before the season. Everyone can suggest the pre-season favourites, but the pre-season favourites have only won 3 Super Bowls since 2001. 
@_date: 2018-01-11 11:18:04
That's a good question. They probably still are, but their odds are better. Its a fine line, because any investment is a gamble, but I'd say that its sort of like investing in a company (or group of companies) in an unproven tech sector (say like investing in Oculus Rift etc 3-4 years ago), rather than investing in a bunch of Warren Buffett-approved mutual funds.
I'd guess the comparison is if you realised that the Super Bowl odds were wrong. Say you realised that the top 4 teams were all 10-1, but they were literally the only teams who had any chance of winning (like literally literally - no other team is allowed to win). Putting bets on all 4 to win isn't a gamble, its a solid investment. 
But realistically, that isn't the case. You could know that the top 4 teams have a 90% chance of winning, so a balanced bet on the top 4 teams is a decent gamble, but it is still a gamble. 
My feeling is that, assuming that at least one crypto becomes a viable "proper" currency and is therefore valuable, there's probably (finger in the air guess here) a 50% chance that crypto is one of the major ones in existence at the moment, a 25% chance that its one of the smaller ones in existence at the moment, and a 25% chance that it doesn't exist yet.
So I'd say even the most canny crypto investor is making an investment that has at least a 25% chance of failure, even if we are 100% certain that any cryptos are going to have long term value. Whether that's an investment of a gamble is a tough call! Betting £100 on the Patriots to beat the Titans probably gives you a 25% of your gamble ending up being worthless, so can you call that an investment?
FWIW (and it should be eminently clear that I don't know shit), I plan to get myself an aggregate portfolio of different cryptos, because I do think that crypto will be accepted as a legitimate currency in the long term (I think there will be a major crash first) and eventually companies like Amazon, Apple, Google etc will accept payment in it. I'm only in Ethereum and Lite at the moment, so I'm planning on taking what I've "won" (and I do think of it as something like roulette winnings, rather than smart investments tbh) recently on Ethereum and investing it in small portions in a wider range of cryptos (its just a case of figuring out which ones - if you've any tips I'd be grateful!).
TL;DR: I like using brackets.
@_date: 2018-01-11 15:17:09
Not really, given that the value is mostly based on investors who don't fully understand the underlying tech. If investors had decent knowledge, you wouldn't see anything like the fluctuations which you do.