@_author: cbeams
@_date: 2018-01-07 11:14:14
BSQ is a custom-built colored coin on top of bitcoin. It exists because it is not currently technically possible to operate the Bisq DAO with bitcoin alone. See 
In any case, your skepticism is in good company here. We would not have used anything other than bitcoin alone unless it were truly necessary.
@_date: 2018-01-06 08:26:08
Bisq co-founder here.
The quickest way to get familiar with Bisq is to install it from  and start exploring.
To dig deeper, check out the recent podcasts, talks and papers listed at 
In particular, I recommend reading the following:
 * 
 * 
In any case, it's important to change how you think about exchange transactions when you use Bisq. Bisq is not a decentralized version of today's centralized exchanges. It's a secure, private, censorship-resistant bridge to Bitcoin from the fiat world built by and for cypherpunks. If you're someone who understands the critical importance of privacy and security in bitcoin exchange transactions, and you're willing to think and act differently, then use Bisq. It's ready for you right now.
If you want to help everyone else change how they think about bitcoin exchange transactions, and want to help Bisq scale up to service the rest of the world's needs for fiat-to-bitcoin transactions, then come contribute to the project and get paid in $BSQ for the value you create. Read the Phase Zero paper. Listen to the recent podcasts. Then come and chat with us and tell us what your skills and interests are at 
Further questions welcome.
@_date: 2014-08-19 15:29:20
Doesn't sound dumb at all to me; you make a good point. This is one more reason that use of decentralized mixing protocols should be made ubiquitous as soon as possible. Think of a campaign akin to "HTTPS everywhere", but instead it's "CoinJoin everywhere". Like widespread use of multisig addresses, this will probably take more time than anybody involved would like. In the meantime, it wouldn't hurt to start picking off related low-hanging fruit like the address service described in the article.