@_author: cbslinger
@_date: 2018-03-09 23:57:11


This doesn't sound like an asshole statement to me, this sounds like someone ridiculing someone for preposterous beliefs. Do you take flat-earthers or anti-vaxxers seriously, or take the time to carefully explain everything to them? Not all ideas are equally worthy of serious discussion or consideration by intelligent, rational people. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 23:55:33


What should you do when someone says something that is grossly and plainly wrong? Ridicule exists as a technique for when people say or do something so far beyond the pale as to be deserving of social condemnation, if only as an attempt by others to signal to the person that they're being *ridiculous*. Hence the existence of the word. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 21:32:55
He added something to the conversation - 'the Vastness of our universe is beyond our scope to exploit' is an assertion not at all grounded in fact, and so far removed from reality as to be ridiuclous, so he ridiculed the guy who said it. 
Within a decade or two the first commercial space missions will be able to increase humanity's access to resources that are otherwise highly scarce. He's right that this doesn't solve the economic problems of people today. Booms and busts will surely continue to happen surely enough, and there will be winners and losers. Hopefully these won't cause enough of a problem  to be an existential threat to the species, because otherwise there's still a lot of room for growth. 
@_date: 2018-12-05 15:07:18
At the end of the day though, the Bitcoin network only has 'value' as long as it is running - people are hashing and mining and building the blockchain ledger, and making transactions. When electricity becomes significantly more expensive than the expected value of the rewards for mining, there's no longer any incentive to mine, therefore the blockchain ledger doesn't get finished, transaction times and prices go up, etc. The less effective the network is at processing transactions, the less appealing it is. It can be a vicious cycle and lead to a death spiral. 
Bitcoin could easily go to $0 and die out completely, unless people with free electricity continue to support Bitcoin instead of using that limited resource on something more profitable. Yes, I understand that the difficulty will adjust and that people with free electricity won't just stop mining. It's not about Bitcoin becoming completely useless, but about other alt-coins finally being able to definitively 'outcompete' Bitcoin's network. Once that happens Bitcoins effectively lose a huge proportion of their value as a currency or means of value exchange. 