@_author: ccbkrypto
@_date: 2018-05-06 17:35:45
as i understand it, bch folks want bitcoin to be an actively used currency, hence keeping txn fees low, whereas the core group wants bitcoin to be a  valuable asset, mainly trade in large volume because of higher fees. however, that contradicts the original ideas of 'banking the unbanked' as it creates a classist gateway into using bitcoin... from everything i can find, the bch group seems to be following an idea closer to that of nakamoto's original plan.
the core team is supposedly hired by blockstream which potentially creates a conflict of interest between the developers and decentralization, whereas bch is open source and doesn't have a specific 'team' being financed by anyone in particular, from what i've read. could be wrong.
just my thoughts, i'm still just trying to figure all this out myself.
@_date: 2018-03-25 11:56:58
true that, but has anybody of public notoriety done so? could be a good pr move, to maybe get somebody to run it over... that is, if you're looking to profit off this project. unfortunately i wouldn't really know what to look for quite yet haha. 
any idea what i'd need to study to be able to read those things correctly? basically, what language are they written in typically?
also, sorry i might not communicating clearly, am fairly well medicated atm haha.  
oh and of course, thanks for taking the time to collect and share your thoughts with us! only about a half way through the review but this guy seems pretty great, especially since the ledger nano s has gone up $100+.
edit: i can see where you're coming from about a lack of a manual or even any leaflet, but digital access is just much... easier in the grand scheme of things lately, what with frustration free packaging becoming a thing. just print a qr code to the box or something with a link to the pdf manual or something. honestly though, they could totally print it on the inside of the top of the box though, that'd be neat. but qr codes are fun too lol.
edit 2: didn't mean to gravedig either, just stumbled on this thread from google.
@_date: 2018-04-24 14:48:20
...is ltc a btc fork? thought it used an entirely different algorithm...
i mean, you could say monero is a BTC fork with that same reasoning but i don't think that's quite true either.
edit: 'Over the next few months, Charlie became versed in Cryptocurrency, experimenting with creating a second-generation coin "Fairbrix" which eyed security enhancements and equitable distribution of coins over "Tenebrix." The source code was invalid, but Charlie did not despair, and just 11 days later, Oct 13 2011, there was Litecoin. A principled approach was fundamental. There was to be no “pre-mined” coins for the unjust enrichment of the developers; there was to be a cap on the total numbers of coins to lend value and incentive; there was to be a clear, superior vision amidst the fray of greed and murk. The community asked, Litecoin delivered.' 
doesn't mention a fork but does mentjon other failed coins as precursors. i dunno. just trying to filter through mis/dis/ and information aha.
@_date: 2018-04-24 15:08:17
yeah it didn't actually split the chain, though it did reference the same source code. i dunno, i think that's still an important distinction.
@_date: 2018-04-27 12:09:11
so the distinction between bitcoin and bitcoin core is that core refers to the development team?
@_date: 2018-04-24 14:56:59
though i think you're being facetious, bitcoin core is how people specifically refer to the distinction between classic btc and bch.
