@_author: ccc_ltd
@_date: 2014-01-11 14:29:48
Thank you for pointing this out. We have removed this. It has been a leftover from a previous product and should not have appeared there in the first place.
@_date: 2014-03-06 10:30:40
Yes, it is always safer to do things yourself. However, our solution is not that easy to setup because of the nature of the Raspberry Pi.
If you can do it yourself, we encourage you to do it. If not, you might want to check out our stuff :)
@_date: 2013-12-27 15:42:12
Armory still causes a lot of problems when trying to get it running on the Raspberry Pi, which is why we decided to offer the Pi Wallet. However, there are links to bitcointalk threads on our "build your own" page where people talk about errors and prodive information about how to fix them. You don't have to use Ubuntu, another linux will do just fine. We just provided the ubuntu link because its a well known, easy to use Linux OS.
@_date: 2013-12-27 13:13:57
We have installed Armory on an SDHC Card which can be used with the Raspberry Pi. The whole gadget comes with a backup SD Card too and you can choose to buy the full thing or only the Card (in case you already have a raspberry Pi).
We know it's not easy to get Armory running on the Pi which is why we offer this service:
@_date: 2013-12-27 17:34:14
Yes you still need a monitor, a keyboard and a mouse. Compared to a netbook/cheap laptop we have the advantage that the Raspberries Hard drive is the SD Card, which can easily be backed up, taken with you etc. Ofc it is true that you can have two copies of Linux, one as the backup on sticks or whatever and just use them as backup of each other.
However, Pi Wallet has been specifically made for people who want easy access to a secure coin storage without having the time to build an or think about an own solution. Everyone else could just build his own Pi Wallet anyway.
You are not the first to request a small display (possibly with a touch screen) being added to Pi Wallet. We are currently investigating if and how this can be easily implemented and it we can add it. If we decide to do this, it will probably take some time but we will keep you updated on the progress.
@_date: 2013-12-27 13:44:21
You can do this regardless of your operating system with any kind of virtual Machine. However, when using the preinstalled virtual machine on an offline computer which is compromised, there is a chance your virtual machine gets compromised as well or if could just be copied. You still have route your mouse/keyboard through your host system which can cause your passwords to get recorded etc.
However, I think your solution can work quite well and nothing is 100% secure. I personally did this for quite some time and it worked out quite well so I can suggest doing that. Still it's not as much security as a separated hardware device.
Additionally, the Pi Wallet is preinstalled and with our video tutorials on  can be used by anyone even if they don't know a lot about this kind of stuff.
@_date: 2013-12-27 17:40:35
One could say the same about wallet clients like electrum, multibit, etc. which could just as easily be compromised. The fact that we actually earn money doing this and want to continue to do so means we have to be honest to our customers and we have to provide good customer support.
Additionally, unlike a lot of other bitcoin related Hardware Vendors, you can get all the Information you need about us from our "Legal disclosure" tab on  . We are not hiding behind anything.
Furthermore you always have the option to build the Pi Wallet yourself using our "Build your own" tab on  should you decide to not trust us.
@_date: 2013-12-27 15:44:38
On your online computer you need the full blockchain to use armory (for seeing balances, creating valid transactions etc). However, on the offline counterpart you dont need the blockchain since, once you want to send coins away, you create the unsigned transaction on your online computer so it will be valid and then just sign it with your offline armory on the Pi Wallet. When just signing a Tx, the blockchain is not required.
@_date: 2013-12-27 13:10:41
Unfortunately the device you suggested has a wifi connection which we really dont wannt have on our gadget. Also, a lot of people already have a Raspberry PI and can easily use the SDHC Cards. 
The Raspberry seemed like the best choice for now but maybe we'll add other ones in the future.
Oh and the Raspberry can be powered via USB too :)