@_author: ccomp
@_date: 2015-12-15 13:36:24
They didn't say the people should desist, they said the public.   This could mean governments or agents/trustees thereof (think Taxpayer also).
There are lots of legal terms in these official documents and it helps to have bouviers/blacks to hand in order to parse these correctly.
@_date: 2014-06-25 08:59:02
I've met the guys from SBEX and they have their heart in the right place.  Unfortunately, like most swiss, they have it too good here (good civil liberties, low-ish tax, peaceful life) and everyone is all too willing to co-operate with regulators/government because until recently they have had no reason to go against (seriously if there's one government in the western world that works/worked properly it's here, but in my view, the signs haven't been good since 2007).
It seems like all major traders will become regulated in switzerland.
My interpretation of the law is that this is only required for business trades (and that trades between natural persons do not require the money transmitter licence; however all significant trades will probably be done by corporations so any trader wanting to access a large portion of the market will want to be regulated).
Apparently the swiss want to treat cryptocurrency deposits the same as bank deposits, requiring a banking licence (expensive, need lots of old bankers on board) so there goes swiss exchanges.   I wonder how they would treat a dice site / poker site or say a hosting provider that has prepaid account credit.
Personally, I don't like all this, but in the end the market will decide.  If people want a heavily regulated market and it makes them feel comfortable then switzerland is where its going to be all happening.  If people have a bit more sense crypto will go to a standstill in switzerland and things will change in short order (it's very easy for people to introduce petitions to parliament and get things to a vote; compared to the other "democracies").
I know much of this because i'm currently working on a two-way opensource ATM, and i'm getting pretty wound up by people.  It's not even the restrictions, its people afraid to do anything before its been officially sanctioned or having some sort of licence made available.  People get the system they deserve and too many people are happy or not discontent enough) with a heavily regulated life (instilled from a young age).     I don't remember when any great innovations asked for permission first.
@_date: 2014-12-16 21:06:33
yes.  this !!
@_date: 2014-07-14 03:05:46
I will be recommending versocards.com to my non tech friends.  Straight forward enough for regular use and secure (enough).
Until some cool easy to use hardware wallet is generally available.
@_date: 2014-07-05 19:01:07
Je ne suis pas suisse ;)
I think you misunderstand me (not a rationalization, more an observation).  People do get the system they deserve (in  a manner of speaking.  The system is just the aggregate of all people.  Tyrannical governments are run by people too.  I know this is not absolute).    I know too many people who are happy with the status quo in the world (and want more of the same).
I'm sure you notice that the swiss get a better government than most, and they have a participatory democracy.  Recently, as participation has dropped, the government has done more stupid things (and small voting blocks get disproportionate representation due to low vote turnouts etc).
I too have noticed a lot of "weird" thinking coming into bitcoin space this year.
I would argue that bitcoin is not just fine, but just needs technical improvement (as all tech).  Definitely doesn't need regulatory interference or any other stupid shit like that.
@_date: 2014-05-12 15:50:02
 Me too.  It's a pain when I can't use snapcard (or similar service) with a certain business (as converting to fiat is hassle and costs money).
I feel like a whore whenever I ask for someone to send me bank credit.
@_date: 2014-12-30 08:48:22
try broadbandanywhere.com.   they take bitcoin for vps (micronetvps.com) so it shouldn't be a problem.  might be an issue for coverage though depending on location.
@_date: 2014-08-25 22:34:26
Please people stop funding vapour(ware) projects with patchy/sketchy/no information.  Lots of good projects out there already with little funding or attention.
I'm already way ahead of this with my project.  Have a working 2 way POC machine (its cased in a metal toolbox, physical build is shit right now).  Currently re-doing the half done admin (php) in django (python; might also switch to bitcore and use some node coolness).  Looking for someone to sex up the UI for me.  Will opensource once its not an embarrasing mess but anyone who wants a copy of the code just has to ask (see atm4coin.com).
Note to ppl @ skyhook:  Hi,  note recyclers aren't actually that expensive, the main problem I have found is the size and awkward dimensions (I'm using the same NV as the new bitaccess BTM, they use a huge monster case).  I would be very curious to see how you attack this problem, as I like the case for your machine.  I haven't got enough resources to work properly with metal here. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 03:16:18
They're not taxing bitcoin, they're taxing the Taxpayer.
the Taxpayer pays tax regardless of currency being used.
tl;dr: Taxpayer is a really shit title to assume
@_date: 2014-05-11 21:34:07
Please release the code so I can finish my project :) 
atm4coin.com will be released in bits over the next 2 weeks but if I had skyhook code as a reference it would really help me out.
I don't really get the point of tethering the nexus with raspberrypi.  Why don't you just use one or the other (i've opted for RasPi because cheap, the nexus eats into that cheapness).
@_date: 2019-04-05 08:09:16
Wallets need to use better fee estimation !
@_date: 2015-04-04 16:51:52
Tried ordering but just get redirected to coinbase homepage on checkout :(
@_date: 2015-03-13 12:56:14
modmypi.com take bitcoin now but are out of stock of the new model (RasPi 2).
there's also  but it doesn't look like they have the new model.