@_author: ccvssd
@_date: 2017-11-04 20:51:47
When you put loan money to someone, they pay you periodically. That’s not the loan getting more valuable, that’s an interest payment. When you hold stock, the company pays you periodically. That’s not the stock getting more valuable, that’s a dividend payment. Those payments give those assets worth beyond the face value. If I buy a bond thinking I’ll be able to sell it for more later but the market for them crashes, I can just collect the coupon payments until it matures. You don’t have that option with bitcoin, its price is entirely dependent on its very volatile face value. That’s speculation. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 20:47:03
Yeah, gates is one of the very few people that have the power to alter a sizable market, because he’s the richest fucking person in the world. 
I’ve never tried to buy bitcoin, but people are talking about how it would be difficult for her to cash in that many bitcoins because it’s difficult to sell. I don’t think you could find anyone to buy $1 billion worth of bitcoin off you, you could with $1 billion of stocks or bonds
@_date: 2017-11-04 19:40:35
Saying “this previous bubble popped at point X, so this similar bubble will probably pop around the same point” is very flawed. I’m never going to buy something because someone tells me “it’ll be worth more later”, unless I really think that I know something that the market as a whole does not, which is definitely not the case given the amount of attention bitcoin gets. I have no idea if the price of Bitcoin drop to 0 tomorrow, drop back to about the current level after it breaks 10,000, or stabilize at 50,000, but I do know that a commodity that is valuable because people believe it to be valuable is a very risky investment. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 20:43:07
Bitcoin doesn’t meet the 3 requirements for a currency very well at the moment.  1. Facilitate exchange of goods and services. Bitcoin isn’t very good at that yet, it isn’t very widely accepted. 2. Store of value. The price fluctuations make it not very strong in this regard. I would feel much safer with my money stored as dollars in a checking account, although it does have some advantages over paper money. 3. Unit of account. I guess it does this fine, but people know the value of $10 much better than they do .0018 Bitcoins. 
Maybe bitcoin will be a great currency in the future, but it is not a strong one at the moment at all. That’s why I think people are for the most part buying it for speculative purposes. Most people don’t want it so they can use it as a currency, they want it because they think they’ll be able to sell it for more later
@_date: 2017-11-05 02:45:03
Speculation does certainly drive the stock market to an extent, but it is not the base factor. The vast majority of stocks pay the owner dividends, and the value of the stock is based primarily on the belief that they will continue to make those payments. Bonds work the same way except with coupon payments. Speculation shifts the price of the security beyond that, but those coupon payments separate them from bitcoin. 
Speculation is buying an asset with the intention of selling it later and the belief that it will increase in value. That can be done because you saw a trend, or because you understand the market better than the other investors in the market. Speculation is a style of investment, but buying bitcoins at the moment is very different from buying a security. 
For example, a significant portion of my savings is in JP Morgan stock, because I believe they will continue to make dividend payments for the foreseeable future. That is not speculative. A few years ago, the price dropped dramatically after JPM lost a few billion dollars in a day. I thought the market overreacted to this and the price would recover in a few weeks, so I bought some and sold when the price recovered. That was speculation. Investing in Bitcoin must be speculative because there’s no chance of return outside of the price increasing. 
Also, you don’t know what bitcoin is going to do. You may be smarter than everyone else and it may be undervalued, but you shouldn’t treat it as a certainty 
@_date: 2017-11-05 04:16:04
I know that the basis of stocks is the dividend payment because if they weren’t, they would be worthless. Stocks that don’t pay dividends like Facebook, Amazon, or Tesla are more speculative in nature, but they have value primarily because people believe they will one day pay dividends. 
Every asset is not purchased with the intention of selling it later. People do purchase bonds with the intention of holding it to maturity, my plan is to hold JPM for the foreseeable future. 
To be clear, I don’t have any problem with speculation, calling someone a speculator isn’t an accusation, but treating something with no inherent value as an investment is speculative 
@_date: 2017-11-01 00:39:33
Then would you propose people pay for public education and a centralized military? I’m happy to pay for taxes in the current system, but if it was optional I wouldn’t pay nearly as much
@_date: 2017-11-04 19:24:51
I call it speculation more than investment. Many people are buying it solely because they believe that it will be more valuable in the future, not because of any interest or dividend payments. That is pure speculation
@_date: 2017-11-04 19:30:14
Stocks at least represent some equity in the company it’s a part of and (usually) involve dividend payments, making them much more stable investments. I think the Beanie Babies comparison is more apt. Bitcoin has no inherent value at the moment, its price is being driven solely by speculators. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 00:43:51
To be honest not really. I’m not sure what would incentivize me to make any loans if I didn’t benefit from it in some way
@_date: 2017-11-04 21:06:55
It absolutely does, but the dividends and strength of the company, in principle, are what the value of the stock is based on. Speculation plays a role in the price of any stock without a doubt, but I think it’s a much smaller role than it is in Bitcoin. Plus, speculation in stocks is a bet that the company will continue to do well, rather than just a bet that people will believe the asset is valuable, as in the case of bitcoin
@_date: 2017-11-05 01:22:19
It's still speculation. It provides you no return outside of the increased price unlike financial securities, so your expectation of profit is based entirely on the belief that people will believe it is more valuable in the future.
In my opinion, speculation is only smart if you're acting on information that the rest of the market does not have, which you very well may be as a pure genius. I certainly don't think I have more information than the market, so it would be foolish for me to speculate.
@_date: 2017-11-04 19:21:42
But almost no one individual holds enough shares of any decently sized company to make any noticeable difference in the market, and the few that do would make a deal to sell them wholesale rather than just flood the market with them. Plus, securities are extremely easy to buy and sell, which from what I’m reading doesn’t seem to be the case with bitcoin
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:02:08
Then who prevents banks from failing?
@_date: 2017-10-31 19:43:55
People would still store their long term wealth in stocks, bonds, real estate, etc. if long term inflation was 0 because loaning cash you don’t have a short term need for is a vital part of how an economy grows. If anything, inflation encourages that. 
I guess the fundamental disagreement here is that I don’t think governments requiring that you pay them in their preferred currency is violence. That power definitely can and has been abused in the form of “inflation taxes”, but when used well, as i believe it is in the United States, I don’t think it harms anyone. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:05:18
It’s true that the federal reserve is not owned by the federal government and thus is technically private, but to say that the government has nothing to do with it is just not true. The major policy decisions are not made by large international banks, but the members of the board of governors, who are appointed by the President and approved by Congress, same as the Supreme Court. 
Fiat money is inherently worthless, but it is worth something because practically everyone on earth believes it is worth something. Having every dollar in circulation backed by gold gives them inherent value, but it also restricts the number of loans banks can make, which restricts economic activity, and makes it so monetary policy is entirely determined by how much gold was mined that year. That is not a stable system, which is why it wasn’t bankers but a populist movement that demanded a move away from the gold standard. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:43:52


No. If you don't want to accept US dollars as currency, no one is going to force you to do so. If you want to only accept payment in gold and barter, you're free to do so, it's just gonna make your life shit.
Yeah taxes are a little bit like an elaborate protection racket, but it's one I'm happy to pay for. I can't pay for my own military to protect me or my neighbors, or highways, or 12 years of education for every citizen, so I'm glad I live in a society in which people give money according to their level of income so we can publicly fund all those things. I'm also glad that people are required to give to that system in order to live here so we don't have free riders, and I'm especially glad that I can affect how much money is taken and what it can be spent on by voting. If you're unhappy with the protection racket and think it's excessive, vote for legislators pushing for lower military spending.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:31:31
Having a system where individuals are responsible for policing the banks and deciding which is a safe place to deposit money has several issues. First, that shakes trust in the system and people would be less willing to loan out their savings, which hurts everyone as they would not be earning interest on their money and there would be less funds available to be loaned. Second, it would be inefficient for millions of individuals to review a bank's financial statements so thoroughly that they're assured their money would be safe, which is why they can effectively crowdfund the Fed and regulatory agencies to do it for them.
I don't know what you mean about Bitcoin being trustless. The entire reason I am unwilling to buy Bitcoin is because I don't trust that people will still believe it has value in 6 months. That's a problem with any currency, but I do trust the dollar because practically everyone believes it has value and it's in the best interest of just about everyone to make sure it retains its value.
@_date: 2017-10-31 18:04:06
Ohhh I see what you're saying now. Yeah I suppose that helps the dollar's value, but if people didn't believe the dollar would hold its value, I think you'd see people exchanging goods with some other form of currency and exchanging that for dollars for the purpose of paying taxes. This probably wouldn't last very long, as eventually people would come to accept the taxation money as payment or if they really didn't like it they would elect representatives promising to accept their favored forms of currencies as payment.
What is the bridge in this analogy?
@_date: 2017-10-31 12:43:00
Yeah, would people rather the Fed let any bank that can’t pay back loans fail like they did during the Depression?
@_date: 2017-10-31 18:41:03
Deflation and inflation shouldn't be discussed as two sides of the same coin. Deflation is much, much worse for an economy. If bitcoin was our only currency, people would be incentived to wait to buy what they need because their money will worth more next week, lowering demand for goods, causing prices to drop, incentivizing people to purchase even less. Japan has been struggling with this for years, and it has the effect of slowing an economy. Inflation does the opposite, it's often referred to as "greasing the wheels" of an economy, and if it gets out of control it can be dangerous, but low, stable, and predictable inflation encourages economic activity.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:12:30
It's like a protection racket in that you're forced to pay taxes in order to live here, it's unlike one in that you're not forced to accept dollars as payment for work or trade. It's also unlike one in that if you're unhappy with the system you can vote to change it or move somewhere with rules you like better.
@_date: 2017-10-31 18:32:06
By "privately owned banks who conceal their identity under a government label", do you mean the Federal Reserve system? Because there are several issues with that. The word "federal" doesn't mean "owned by the federal government", it just means national in scope. It's not a secret that the Fed isn't government owned, anyone who reads the legislation that created or just goes to the Fed website can figure that out. The bank has stock that member banks are required to purchase, but since the stock does not pay dividends and cannot be traded, it functions a lot more like a membership fee than a legitimate share of ownership.
As for the corrupting power, yes the Fed has tremendous economic power, arguably more than the President, but the decisions of the Fed are not made by the banks that "own" it, but by a board of governors appointed by the President and approved by Congress. These governors not only do not own the bank, but are strictly forbidden from using the knowledge they are privy to or power they are given for personal profit.
The governors give up years of earning potential, instead using their expertise promote economic stability, and they're owed a debt of gratitude. Instead they're attacked by politicians and accused of running a conspiracy to keep people in economic slavery.