@_author: cdbrooksii
@_date: 2018-02-20 03:56:07
Well if you read their BBB you can skim through 39 pages of negative reviews on Coinbase/GDAX and most are complaining how they lock you out of your account and deny access to your money. I’m not one of those negative reviewers....yet! I am being patient and hoping I will have access to my money in the near future. But I have to admit my patience is wearing thin. I get a different story every time I call in to support. Fraud flags... that’s what they call it. The first guy said someone signed into their gdax account on my computer. Really? Oh yeah that was my Dad that day he was over for Sunday dinner. I was so kind to let him use my computer to sign in to his own account. Well that’s evidently a no no. Sorry Dad, my computer is off limits. Can’t be signing in to 2 different accounts from the same IP address. “We do it for your own protection” the guy says. Well ok I feel much safer now! Thanks Dad. Oh but wait they locked him out of his account as well... so I guess we are even! 
Now for the second guy I spoke to....he said yes my account as been flagged as fraud because evidently I bought some bitcoin with a credit card that rejected the payment. The same card that I have used 50x before. Was it maxed? Not even close! I always pay it immediately. I just use a card because it is the quickest way to get fiat into crypto. I don’t like waiting 7 days to get access to my crypto. Unfortunately, I did not get the memo that Capital One was stopping everyone from using their credit cards to buy crypto currencies. So as usual Bitcoin dropped below 8k and I bought more with my verified CC on Coinbase over a month ago. It did not go through so I tried it again... still didn’t work. So...I hit Google. Sure enough I found others having same problem. So I said oh well this was to be expected from the big banks. Time to move on. So, I set up daily buys on Coinbase for the next month to be drafted out of my account. It took 7 days to start seeing the money rolling in everyday. Ok, so this is not too bad. I let it build up on GDAX for a while and BAM! One day I logged in and it said “An error has occurred. Please contact GDAX support. Well let me go ahead and tell you GDAX support does not exist. If you want to talk to anyone then call the Coinbase support number. You may have to wait 1-3 hours but you will eventually speak to a human. A human that can’t reveal too much but can tell you that since you called in then they will escalate your case to high priority. This requires as specialist to investigate and will get to you as soon as possible.Anywhere from one week to 3 months they say. 
Anyway, yes as long as you have no problems with Coinbase/GDAX then it they are the greatest easiest way to get into crypto. But one day you may end up like me and 1000s of others with no access to your money. So please take some advice... follow these simple rules and you should be fine:
1) Buy crypto on Coinbase/ GDAX and then move it immediately, They may want to kick you out and hide your money.
2) If you use a Credit Card... please call you CC company every time before you hit the buy button and ask them if I hit      this button do you promise to let the transaction go through. If not your account will be flagged as Fraud! Make them pinky swear! 
3) Finally for God sakes do NOT let your Mama, Daddy, Sister, Brother or your neighbors dog use your computer to sign into their ID verified accounts! You will be committing Fraud!! Another reason to lock your money up.
But hey! Look at the bright side.... this way they force you to hodl! That is assuming your $10k plus crypto is still there when they let you back in 3 months later. For myself.... my fingers are crossed maybe it will be worth $30k by May! 
@_date: 2018-02-21 01:28:14
That’s a good idea! I’m going to give it til Thursday which will be one week and then call them back again.