@_author: cdetrio
@_date: 2015-12-02 16:49:42
There are basically two ways to do a stable-coin: 1) monetary policy schemes, and 2) hedging strategies.
The thing about monetary policy is that its more about enabling the supply of credit to be elastic, and doesn't really help stabilize the currency. If monetary policy actually worked, then any country with a central bank could issue a stable currency. The real cause of stability is lots of "liquidity" (a prerequisite for a strong central bank), not monetary policy per se.
The "buy a bond" idea is more like a hedging strategy, and is the approach I favor. I call them "stable portfolios", but the academic term is "riskless portfolio". I wrote a lot about this topic here: [Smart Markets for Stablecoins]( (linked directly to the appendix, which focuses on comparing monetary policy and hedging strategies).  
@_date: 2016-06-22 12:12:39
You let religious fallacies about the "sanctity of the ledger" (even if the ledger is broken due to a bug) cloud your logic.
@_date: 2016-06-21 13:45:19


Reverting the DAO exploit is little different than the [bitcoin fork and rollback]( to fix an overflow exploit. Forks and rollbacks are possible in in any blockchain.


Fixing a bug is not arbitrary twiddling. The value proposition of a crypto-currency is tamper-proof execution of common code, and the question here is whether exploiting a bug in contract code qualifies as tampering or not. I would argue that it is not a value proposition at all that users be SOL when there's a glitch in the software, whether its a glitch in a client or a glitch in the protocol.


That users permanently lose their bitcoins if they lose (or some service loses) their private keys is an unfortunate shortcoming of the architecture, not a feature of the system. The feature of the system is disintermediation of third parties, and there's no inherent reason that disintermediation means that users must get screwed on occasion by software glitches. Users get screwed only because its immature technology without coordinated fail-safes.
The fact that it is possible to revert the DAO exploit demonstrates the value proposition of putting services on the blockchain as DApps (luckily, the 27-day lockdown makes this particular glitch much easier and non-disruptive to revert). Had the DAO been a centralized third-party service a la Mt. Gox, the exploit may have gone unnoticed for years, and would be impossible to revert.
@_date: 2015-09-07 15:47:45
Or a "[beer cup hat](