@_author: cdimeo
@_date: 2018-01-07 23:58:07
The value of gold has absolutely never been impacted by its actual utility.
@_date: 2018-01-18 07:19:49
Like Stringer said: “if these little corner boys have 2 phones already, how are they going to sell any more?”
@_date: 2017-12-19 02:01:29
That’s exactly what I’m talking about my dude.  Who is roasting whom?  (Wrote this first sentence, then reread my post and will continue now.)
That last paragraph, you’re right, so that’d have been my bad. I want to say I meant it as a joke, but I don’t think I did.  Especially the last sentence.  It was bad and took all the meaning out of what I was trying  to say.
I think I was still correct about the fiat thing though, and even though the last paragraph was shitty, it still partially expressed a sentiment that I feel about this sub.  I’m going to continue in an edit, but you were right and I was wrong.
In a lot of ways, this community has “seen the future” in that the blockchain will become widely adopted, but in a lot of other ways, it has fallen into a trap.  When I first started paying attention probably 5 years ago, anyone who would be excited to talk about bitcoin would be able to explain fiat currency and the ways in which btc was different.  I personally don’t own any bitcoin, but I myself spent a lot of time talking about it to people who had no idea.  I couldn’t just say “look btc is 19k$!!!!”  I had to explain the difficultly of breaking encryption and how the money supply works compared to the mechanics of bitcoin, and what that meant for its value, especially to people in countries with more volatile economies or fewer individual protections for personal property.  I have an economics degree, and I had to know my shit.  People from other walks of life had to learn more on their own and work harder.
At this point though, I’m concerned that the lack of understanding is going to lose people their money, which has happened this exact way in things that aren’t bitcoin. To gloss over the word “fiat” and say it doesn’t matter what it actually means is a signal that a lot of the money in bitcoin right now is not the groundswell of a changing world.
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:03:17
Being able to cover those costs when a lot of people in this country go bankrupt from medical expenses is a win in and of itself.  It’s really easy to visualize what it looks like for everything to go right and not so easy to picture what it looks like in the event things go south.
I’ve been on that south side before. It’s bad.  There aren’t going to be a lot of stories of people that bought early and held but I’ll bet there are going to be LOTS of people with sad stories about losing a lot.  Like I said, I think you took a W.
@_date: 2017-12-19 00:59:25
It doesn’t matter, the distinction is big enough that the given definition was misleading.  A government’s currency isn’t a fiat currency simply because it’s issued by the government, which you’d believe if you read the image (and I suspect some people here believe).
Many people here will know what a fiat currency is based solely on how it relates to bitcoin, but that’d reflect a really narrow scope of understanding of the concept as a whole.  To just say “backed by a country” and that it warrants no other discussion is groupthink that borders on shilling (and will lose a lot of you some money).
Also, giant fucking LOL to whoever defined a whale as someone who owns a lot of crypto.  Until you pay taxes, that money isn’t yours yet.  A whale was a whale before a boom and is a whale after a bust.  That’s some dumb shit to put up there.
@_date: 2014-03-21 23:05:58
Yep, that's all true, but if I were in that situation, I'd feign ignorance of the everything and make you prove it.  Even if it was legitimately taken by outside forces, losing this much money paints a target on your back so if even the slightest detail was out of order at the company, he'll get the max penalty for it.  Something like "oh, you withdrew $20 from the company for lunch one day?  Embezzlement charge with max penalty.  Oh you did that six times?  Let's make those consecutive sentences."
People are going to dig into everything and are looking to take him down hard.  I'd clam the fuck up and provide nothing to anyone.
@_date: 2014-03-21 22:56:35
Nah, I think they're going after him as best they can.  Remember, you can still be taxed on illegal income and even if you don't think that the government cares about protecting it's citizens, nobody is going to say they don't want their money.
Just because we don't see it doesn't mean that any law enforcement agency who has even a whiff of jurisdiction isn't looking to catch that fish.
@_date: 2014-03-21 21:45:22
Do you ever use a debit or credit card?  That's the banking industry.  Ever stand in a building?  A bank gave credit for the developer to construct it.  Ever buy food?  That inventory was purchased on credit.
Nothing happens without banks and nothing can happen without banks.  Without credit, businesses have to do very different risk-assessments which would leave us without a lot of the goods and services we think just exist by default.
@_date: 2014-03-22 11:06:00
Part my point was actually that compared to the past, we're on pretty good moral footing.
@_date: 2014-03-21 22:09:04
What do you mean?  There were banks back then too...
@_date: 2014-03-21 22:07:37
See that's where we come down to the idea that the bitcoin industry has to mature for it to ever be legitimate.  Unless some very smart lawyers can find a law he's broken or somehow they find the coins and can tie them to him without a reasonable doubt, legally he's off scott-free.  He doesn't even have to convince anyone it wasn't him or that the attack was possible, there's no proof that we know of.
To me, I don't think he understood that he's not nearly as untouchable as he would have thought.  The anonymity of Bitcoin gave him a false sense of security that if nobody can prove anything, there's nothing anyone can do.  I'm sure he realized that there were (probably) some nefarious people using his service but didn't quite add up that they don't put much stock in "reasonable doubt."  Even just any regular person who sees him on the street can accost him, so he's certainly not going to live a peaceful life until he gets some of the heat off him.
He's definitely hedging right now, trying to appease some people while still keeping as much as he can.  He's in a lot deeper shit than he knows though (or maybe he does know it).  He's actually worsened his position.  Whether there's more money there or it's ACTUALLY gone, the pressure is going to ramp up a bit because people think there's more there.
@_date: 2014-03-21 22:13:06
The government isn't involved in Bitcoin and one dude was able to steal $400mill and there's no paper trail.  Regulations serve to provide stability to and confidence in the system.  This is why certain countries are still poor: without government protecting private property, you don't have investment.  When there's strife and no legal protection of assets, businesses can't be sure that their investment will pay off, so they don't invest.
@_date: 2014-03-22 00:07:03
There's a pretty in-depth wiki entry on the [history of banking]( that says it happened sometime in between the days of slavery and the creation of the Earth.  Check it out.
@_date: 2014-03-21 22:39:42
Yep, definitely, but a few things:
- Taking out a loan is not strictly limited to poor people (of course) and the potential impact of continued high volatility could be limited by stricter lending practices.
- I'm thinking more as a solution to transactions not being confirmed for a few minutes affecting the ability of retailers to use bitcoin for point-of-sale purchases.  Within those few minutes, unless something drastic happens, that swing isn't going to be that large and even if it is, relatively few people will have an open transaction
- We have no idea what the actual value of a bitcoin should be right now because both supply and demand can fluctuate quite sharply.  At some point, real supply will reach it's limit and demand will be the only thing affecting the exchange rate.  At that point, volatility will be diminished as we'll know both that no more bitcoins will ever be made and we'll also be a few years down the road so we'll have a better picture of the value of bitcoin as an institution.
@_date: 2014-03-21 22:49:20


I think it has more to do with it being an immature industry and laws haven't had a chance to catch up yet.  Cash is similar in that if I have your 20$ in my pocket, there's no legal recourse without appropriate corroboration (not a lawyer so I don't want to say "witnesses to me taking it" or whatever.  If I cop saw you take it, that would be appropriate corroboration).  You'd still know I took it, I'd still know I took it, but legally, the proof doesn't exist that would allow the government to intervene and return your cash.
Without laws and regulations, there might be situations in which the bank benefits more by allowing someone to steal your money than to keep it protected.  It's these regulations that impose penalties (penalties being fines that make it more cost effective to not allow this behavior) not only if such a situation were to happen, but make it incredibly financially painful for the banks not to have those protection systems in place.
@_date: 2014-03-21 23:56:44
In a fair world, yes, but we're dealing with a lot of different things going on here:
- Which jurisdiction?  The first thing any defense attorney is going to do is throw up roadblocks challenging jurisdiction.  It would be impossible to get any court to assert civil jurisdiction and so he'll never have to show up in court.
- Let's say we get there: you can't say he breached the implied contract until you prove negligence, which you can't prove if he don't say anything.  Until then, the onus is on the investor to do their due diligence and investments are inherently risky.
- Last: contempt of court in a civil case isn't a criminal matter so I'll take contempt of court and a fine (while still getting to keep my money) over giving all my money back any day
@_date: 2014-03-21 19:44:50
It's a joke to think that anyone will believe that they had lost 1/4 of their assets and just "found" them sitting around in a old wallet.
I'll risk the downvotes but here goes: this is the inherent risk that exists in any emerging market/industry.  This is not so much a failure of the theory of bitcoin, but a symptom of an immature industry.  It has taken a long, long time to get the banking and credit industry to where it is today and we all know it's far from perfect.  It's good though, because it's had time to mature.
Be careful please.  The Mt.Gox narrative is as obvious as it gets.  Nobody "loses" a quarter of everything they own just to find it again.  They're trying to alleviate the pressure on themselves but they can put out this bullshit because they know there's nothing anyone can do now to get that money back.  I wouldn't be surprised if they "find" most of it, minus X million dollars the founders want to live on, just to avoid being murdered in the street.  I bet they stole money from at least a few very serious people.
The question is "will the industry mature to the point where consumers can have confidence that their money is protected?".  Mt.Gox would have been smarter to turn themselves into a bitcoin bank and act as a lender (like credit card companies, but using btc as opposed to credit).  In that way, they could have helped the industry and made 10x the money.
As it stands now though, it's probably one of the biggest heists in history, and everyone knows who did it.
@_date: 2014-03-22 11:10:15
Banking and credit have been around for thousands of years and in terms of your quality if life, has done immense amounts compared to what your life would be without it.
@_date: 2014-03-22 18:56:23
So what are you saying? I'm not quite sure what point you're trying to get across but you absolutely cannot say the banking system hasn't caused a net benefit in your life.
@_date: 2013-12-19 01:20:29
Ok, I didn't realize we were talking about a fantasy world.
And about ISPs, that's the entire reason why the government chooses to allow monopolies even though it's anti-competitive.  How is it capitalism run amok when your issue with that business is that they don't have to abide by rules of the free market?
I don't think you know what you're arguing for (or against) here...
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:41:48
Well, let's go back to the original comment: 


Very different from what you just said.
Further, the defining characteristic of capitalism isn't that it generates wealth; it's that the means of production are owned by the private sector.  It sounds like you're advocating that nothing ever be produced, because that's greedy.  If that's the case, you're a bit of a hypocrite to be sitting on a computer instead of building your own cabin in Montana and living off the land.
Even in the Soviet Union, things were produced and wealth was generated.  The difference was that the people who did the work didn't get to reap the rewards of that work (as individuals under a capitalist system have the opportunity to).  Is that the system you'd prefer?
The examples you cited are weak at best.  Sure *it doesn't seem fair to you* that drug companies charge more than they have to for life-saving treatments or your ISP caps your bandwidth, but there are reasons why that's the case.  I would also like life-saving treatments to be available for everyone free of cost, but I understand that it costs a lot of money to produce these drugs and because of the time it takes to bring a molecule from inception to market, pharmaceutical companies have a very short window to recoup their very large investment before generic versions are available.  
Fun fact as well: ISPs can cap your shit for no reason precisely because they don't have to follow the rules of capitalism.  ISPs are granted a monopoly in geographic areas, so they don't have to worry about competition.  A freer market here would grant you all the bandwidth you'd ever want.
I won't even begin to parse your etymological skills besides to say we have dictionaries that define English words and sometimes definitions are not the same as that weird mish-mash of definitions with varying degrees of accuracy.
So no, capitalism doesn't "only care about the quick buck" and you were wrong when you said so.
Edit: a words
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:26:24
What's the point of this question?  I don't see any context for it and I don't know if there's a real answer.  Go ahead and design a society that properly balances everyone's social/political views, cultural &amp; economic needs, and religious beliefs (oh, that everyone can agree on as well) and I'll be the first to vote for it.
It doesn't matter what could have been done by magic Utopian-angels in a theoretical world where millions of years of evolution and thousands of years of history doesn't exist.  It's what we have in 2013 if you've got enough money for a computer or a phone (aka on reddit), you've probably benefited in some way from the system.
I'd be interested in hearing more about that beautiful system you seem to think is so easy to figure out.
@_date: 2013-12-18 23:03:32
Well, the fact that capitalism affords everyone on reddit their computer/cellphone, their heating/air-conditioning, their cars, their houses/apartments, and every other item that has been produced in any successful country over the past however many years says that it's not about "the quick buck."
"OMG CORPORATIONS ARE EVIL AND ANYONE WHO MAKES MONEY IS EVIL TOO" is pretty fucking short-sighted and really dumb.
Yeah, some people are unscrupulous, but blanket generalizations are never correct and always sound ignorant.
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:33:24
No, you're not correct.
@_date: 2013-12-18 23:12:01
And your uneducated statement that's only congruent with a popular yet ill-informed worldview has proven you correct!