@_author: cellularphonecase
@_date: 2013-04-19 19:41:10
the transfer from dwolla to mtgox is pretty quick, dunno about campbx. the time it takes to fund dwolla however can feel like an eternity. lol
@_date: 2013-04-19 17:38:50
I'm extremely pissed over the entire ordeal. I had my money in fiat after a few hours of buying and selling, and without warning the exchange was closed while I was AFK. Now I'm stuck here watching Bitcoin rally like crazy, while I wait for my cash to arrive from bitfloor, and then have to wait days for my deposits into a new exchange go thru. 
And don't tell me I can simply go buy more while I wait for my money from bitfloor, because unlike the idiots who lost money by buying at $200, I dont spend money I cant afford to lose. With my "loseable" cash tied up in bitfloor, I cant, and wont afford to buy more while waiting to see if bitfloor will pay us our cash.
@_date: 2013-04-17 22:36:28
I would have appreciated an email beforehand. Nothing, no warning whatsoever. I have USD stuck on their site thanks to the fact that I'm waiting on verification...
@_date: 2013-04-19 18:13:19
I can't afford to buy more BTC right now. so the only way I can get more is to leverage the ones I own to make more. Ultimately, I picked the wrong exchange to support. Had been with MtGox for a long time, switched to bitfloor to support a smaller company late last week. As they say, no good deed goes unpunished...
I'm so frustrated and angry right now about the entire situation. I just wish the assholes at bitfloor would have given us better warning. I NEVER got an email or anything. It just sucks. First MtGox and the crash, now bitfloor and my money being held up... Its hard for me to stay excited about Bitcoin when the entire mechanism to entry is either a ripoff (ref: bitinstant/coinbase) or an entirely weak and unstable exchange prone to hacking and closure without warning... 
@_date: 2013-04-17 22:38:47
I agree. I switched from MtGox to bitfloor after the recent troubles to try supporting something different... At this point, my faith in the system has been greatly shaken. These damned exchanges are a CRIPPLING weak point in the Bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2013-04-19 18:54:22
What??? I cant tell if trolling...
I have managed to make more bitcoins than I ever could have paid with for with USD, via trading. Seriously.
The ONLY reason I'm screwed is because I moved from mtgox to bitfloor in an attempt to support a smaller exchange after seeing what happened with mtgox. I had stepped out of my house for a bit, and during that time, bitfloor went down. Due to having the majority of my funds in USD when I stepped out, I was screwed completely and utterly by the way in bitfloor handled this mess.
Ultimately, I don't require investment advice, I just require a trading environment that doesnt shut down without notice. And frankly, "just buy more" is not a strong position to take considering the volatility in the currency. Especially since the price will remain volatile for a long time to come.
@_date: 2013-04-17 22:23:21
Yea so this is a heart breaker for me. I have USD funds stuck in Bitfloor now and was unable to get that money converted into BTC in time, thanks to the price run up at the end before closing. I am still waiting on verification as I recently moved the majority of my BTC into Bitfloor from MtGox very recently.
I did not receive a proper warning beforehand, I mean, they have my email address, couldn't they have warned us? I still believe in Bitcoin as a viable currency, but this is the last straw for me. These damn exchanges are a CRIPPLING weak point, and it really shakes my faith in the entire system.
Here I am stuck with USD while Bitcoin continues to rise and fall. I can't afford to fund another exchange either, as I have everything I was willing to risk tied up on Bitfloor...
EDIT: I can verify that I managed to get the handful of BTC transferred out and into my wallet in time. Just keep trying to those who have BTC on the site.
@_date: 2013-04-19 20:15:26
I made a post a few days ago suggesting that the exchanges need to make the system follow a weighted system, instead of a last price system. Hell, even a mix of last/weighted would be better than what we have at the moment. 
Either ignore the trades smaller than 1BTC, with regard to the "last" price system, or add the total 0.01 trades into a single coin and averaging the total each time. This wouldn't ban small trades, but it would lessen their impact on the overall price. 
At least force em to spend $100 to manipulate the price.
@_date: 2013-04-19 19:36:55
Look, I understand what he is saying, but it has no relevance to my situation. I did not lose on a bad trade, I lost big because a trading exchange closed without warning. My frustration is palpable, because I am a conservative trader, only moving on a trade when I am completely confident in what I plan to do. I am patient and calculated, I'm not greedy, and I know when to take a break. Following my own methods I have managed to raise the number of BTC I owned by a fair amount in the past week of volatility.
 
All that time and effort has been undone by an entirely predictable event by the bitfloor owner. They have our email, they could have alerted us well in advance. As FWGR said, they gave us 45 minutes of advance warning. I was out buying milk, and by the time I got home, I was stuck with fiat and zero communication. 
So while I can appreciate advice, I don't see how his advice relates to my situation at all. Which is why I am honestly unclear if he is trolling. 
@_date: 2013-04-18 04:10:28
Feel lucky... at least you sold em at $100. That should give you some room before you "lose" money versus the BTC price while you wait for your USD. I'm stuck waiting on my cash after going to the store and placing an auto sell at $95, an hour and a half before the shutdown. No warning, no email, etc... Just got home with a "hey, yeah, you sold your BTC, but your USD is stuck in our account. :P
@_date: 2013-04-17 22:29:50
Like I said, I'm stuck waiting for verification... 