@_author: ceosion
@_date: 2017-08-01 01:15:03
I'm not entirely sure, as I haven't had to do this yet myself, but I would think that yes, you would need to do the paperwork. I'm not sure an intermediary is necessary, as long as you keep good records and they can be easily verified. (E.g. I personally think downloading a Coinbase transaction report would suffice, but best if you keep your accounts/wallets/addresses separated based on investment purposes versus currency purposes.)
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:29:52
Maybe. I'm not entirely sure how Electrum works, as there are two ways wallets typically generate the change output:
1. They simply send it back to the wallets main address (this is likely an old, or very simple wallet, e.g. not HD)
2. The wallet will generate a new address, still part of your wallet, to send the output. This is the newer, recommended technique.
If Electrum does it the 2nd way (which I bet it does), then I won't really be able to confirm it. It will just look like your outputs are going to two different addresses. I have no way to tell if you own either address.
Do you think your wallet balance is incorrect? It sounds like you said the numbers added up correctly, right?
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:18:06
Sounds like you're talking about the change output. Bitcoin works by spending entire inputs in a transaction.  So if you only spend part of the input, your wallet will automatically create another output to send the difference (minus network fee) back to your wallet.
@_date: 2017-07-30 19:54:18
To elaborate on the 'you can choose' answer... Yes, that is why people talk about First In First Out (FIFO) or Last In First Out (LIFO). This is the method by which you sell your holdings. In FIFO, you match your first purchase to your first sale. Likewise, in LIFO, you match up the last purchase with your first sale, and continue through your transactions.
I believe there are other methods, too, but the above two are the most common. The key here is that you are consistent. Once you choose FIFO, LIFO or some other method, you cannot switch the method later.
@_date: 2017-07-31 00:42:42
I'm not sure about gifts of property, but in terms of cash, yes you would have to pay taxes on that, but there is a $14k exemption (you don't pay taxes on up to that amount).
@_date: 2017-07-30 19:48:01
I don't think that's right. The IRS guidelines released in 2014 declared cryptos as property. This is in contrast to being treated like a currency. As a property, taxes depend on how the property is held. If you're holding BTC as investment property, then exchanged for ETH to also be investment property, you should be able to declare it as a like-kind exchange which has no tax liability. If you don't treat the new ETH as investment property, you may find trouble (e.g. you start spending ETH to buy consumer goods). Finally, if you don't treat your crypto holdings as investment property, then you may not be qualified to do like-kind exchanges. See links below for more:
One take away from all this: keep your crypto investments in wallets/addresses dedicated to being investments. This will greatly simplified record keeping and should allow for the above scenario to hold true.
@_date: 2017-07-31 00:16:33
Doesn't matter, the IRS doesn't see it as currency. With that said, if you use it to buy something, you can't treat it as investments, as described in my original comment.