@_author: cerberusz
@_date: 2019-03-18 00:34:24
Fantastic. Thank you so much.
@_date: 2019-03-18 01:17:55
I really appreciate you humoring me and being open to sharing your views. I’m looking forward to viewing the subject from a different lens than I’ve viewed it in the past.
I apologize. The reading list I was given was by a different person. It was a series of short essays/books on Austrian economics, a school I had minimal exposure to in undergrad, short of maybe a couple essays.
Once again, thank you. Can’t wait to dig in more. 
@_date: 2019-03-17 23:35:24
Thanks for your well thought out reply.
I suppose the thing I’ve always struggled with when thinking about deflation would be all of the ramifications of deflation. Sure I’m thinking about this through a Keynesian lens, but that’s where I’d like to hear a different perspective.
The classic example in a deflationary spiral is when lower demand leads to lower prices which leads to lower production which leads to lower jobs which leads to lower demand. The loop continues. The problem becomes there aren’t many monetary tools that can be used to defend against it. Take for example Japan. They suffered a minor deflationary spiral for about 20 years. It was incredibly hard for them to escape it. In more severe cases, I’m not sure how you would get out of it.
That’s one reason why I think a lot of economists favor a moderate amount of inflation to have a margin of safety against deflation and more flexibility from a monetary policy perspective.
It is really interesting to start to think about the ramifications of deflation. Would interest rates go negative? And if so, I’m guessing this would lead to people hoarding more cash, which would lower banking reserves, which would dramatically lower any kind of lending, etc.
But I don’t know. I’m not an economist. I would love for an economist to chime in!
@_date: 2019-03-17 12:49:20
Yes, that’s a good way to put it that deflation doesn’t work in the current Keynesian model.
Perhaps it’s because I’m so steep in the model, but I have difficulty understanding a system in which deflation wouldn’t harm the economy.
Honest question: how would an economic model work in which it could still have economic growth and deflation?
@_date: 2019-03-17 15:39:49
Well perhaps you could elucidate where you think I got it wrong. I am very open minded and would love to hear your perspective.
@_date: 2019-03-17 05:50:22
You convinced me. Thanks so much for pointing this out and adding to the conversation in a positive manner and in a way that was able to showcase your clearly high emotional quotient.
@_date: 2019-03-16 21:01:39
Couldn’t agree more. Inflation (a small amount) is a feature not a bug with fiat currently. Inflation encourages people to do something productive with their assets, or spend the money. This encourages economies to grow.
Idle money decreases the velocity of money (the rate at which money changes hands) which can lead to deflation. In periods of low velocity of money, expansionary monetary policy, or the printing of money, can lead to a condition in which there is little to no inflation even though the money supply is increasing.
Edit: another great feature about inflation is that it makes leverage quite awesome on appreciating assets such as real estate. Real estate values rise with inflation, incomes (generally rise), but the real value of the loan goes down over time.
@_date: 2019-03-17 16:20:42
Well, I’m sorry you think that I am stubborn.
I would still love to hear your perspective if you are willing to share.
Note: I am being serious, not snarky. I would legitimately like to hear it. I do believe hoarding is generally bad for the economy since it will slow velocity of money, and yes, this is what I was taught. However, I don’t have to be right. I have no dog in the fight.
@_date: 2019-03-17 06:12:48
Deflation is typically considered undesirable due to the potential for deflationary spirals. People expect deflation to occur, so they hold off on purchase decreasing demand, which leads to lower production, lower wages, and lower prices. See also Japan.
@_date: 2019-03-18 00:55:22
I really appreciate you taking the time to write this, especially given the fact that you did not know if I was sincere or not, which I was.
This is a fantastic explanation and while reading it, I have understood some holes in my previous thinking.
I read the reading list you posted and am looking forward to digging in. All the classes I took in college were Keynesian-based. It’ll be great to approach the subject from a different perspective.
Thanks again.