@_author: cerberusgr
@_date: 2018-01-25 17:54:40
I am not really surprised, she wanted to ban Cryptography in general in UK a year or something ago because it was used by those who attacked.
@_date: 2014-04-01 13:47:59
At the time of the arrest, he was at his Villa in the swimming pool with 3 hookers and 100g Cocaine...
@_date: 2014-04-01 13:41:45
his name is Petros Aggelatos following translated text:
As it became known in the press release of Electronic Crime Greek Police, arrested stole hundreds of thousands of euros violating the digital kryptonomisma "bit-coin". The young student of the faculty of Electrical Engineering at the Technical University acquired unauthorized access to digital " wallets " unsuspecting users, which are then used to transfer money to his account .
 
After several months of police investigation , the aspiring hacker detected in Pak Kreta Thailand where he was arrested by local authorities in partnership with the Greek Police in the early morning hours Monday . Then moved to the airport Eleftherios Venizelos where he spent handcuffed and taken to his defense investigator .
 
" It is a crime that took place for several months , during which we were unfamiliar , the identity of a criminal, even though we knew that the requests came from Greece , " said Deputy Director Cyber ​​Crime Mr Sfakianakis . " Following in the tracks, gradually removed the layers of digital anonymity used , thus attempting to flee to Thailand to escape detection of . "
 
Peter Angelatos before his arrest he was a student in the faculty of Electrical Engineering of the Technical University, and participated in a professional company that he had founded in London. In addition , it conducted courses on computer security . The daily activities but were ... mask , since it was actually mixed in one of the largest digital scams of recent years.
 
Despite all the efforts of the police , the young offender realized that his whereabouts were detected and fled to Thailand to escape arrest .
 
To carry out his crimes , the 24 year old was followed by a series of steps to protect his true identity . Used a fake online identity named "Jacques Alexandre César Charles", inspired by the French scientist and had in his possession plethora of false official documents with that name , including a highly credible French passport . Information showing that the documents were purchased at least one year from the infamous online store "Silk Road", in which criminals did plethora illegal transactions . Since then police have identified and closed the store , while the creator of the store was arrested in San Francisco last October.
 
Mr. Angelatos in his travels using false French passport and was announced to the people nearby that is located in London , England. Family members and friends of the arrested appear to have been completely unaware of the actual location while his passport that he had traveled back to Thailand three times in the last year . Police investigating the possibility of alien paraphernalia.
 
In a telephone call to the newspaper , sister arrested , Myrto Angelatou , described him as a " highly intelligent and talented child " who had no prior history of criminal activity .
 
Profile of Peter on Facebook describes the job as " software engineer " the company Rulemotion, and includes studying at the Technical University .
 
The luxury villa young hacker in Pak Kreta found and seized 2657 bit-coins ( equivalent to approximately 860,000 euros ) , seven desktop computers , 2 laptop, 5 external hard drives , three encrypted USB stick, fake documents of the accused , and a transparent bag with 100 g . cocaine , which the accused allegedly kept for personal use . During the raid , Mr. Aggelos is located in the pool area , and is located along the Thai girls and 3 which were released . Police are in the process of decryption devices which seized suspect that contain additional digital " wallets " in order to release a part of the stolen money which are " locked " into them in electronic form. Still unknown the exact total amount was seconded by the accused to his actions.
 
Using a series of intermediate computers ( so-called "proxies"), Peter violate victims' computers without seemingly be discoverable . "There is no anonymity in Internet," said Sfakianakis . " Sooner or later we can identify anyone involved in illegal activities , and deliver him into the hands of justice . "
 
Electronic Currency bit-coin is a novelty in the field of digital markets , but has to face significant security problems yet. Because of the potential use of anonymous currency , is often the focus of hackers, while there are rare cases where theft was not possible to detect by the police. Due to the inexperience of users , the bit-coin is the breeding ground for holding the plurality of fraud and violations accounts.
 
Mr. Angelatos imprisoned Korydallou , while the trial is expected to take place in mid April .
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:36:43
Oh, sorry guys, didn't logged in for some days I was reading reddit logged out!ill delete it now
@_date: 2014-06-05 15:48:51
I have made something that i thought it was useful, but it didnt got too much attention, if you want take a look at  it has its own interface to add/edit/remove a site, and also has filtering options, so it can basically answer questions like give me all cafe shops that are located at Amsterdam, shows you only what you asked, there are room for expansion but it didnt had too much interest from community so i stopped its development, it uses google maps for backend. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 11:39:15
It was around Jan/Feb 2011 i think, i read it somewhere i dont remember where, i saw the video with the stone age man, and then i have downloaded bitcoin-qt and started solo mining with my core 2 duo cpu, after hashrate showed up, i started searching for calculator, and i have calculated that with my cpu i would find a block (50btc) in a about a week, the price back then if i remember well was around 0.5$/btc and i had the silliness to say "fuck this shit, i dont gamble my board/cpu for $20 a week if it works 24/7 at 100% probably it will get burned" and closed the client and uninstalled it, at that time i told it to one of my friends, he ignored it at that time but later that year, he showed up and told me he was started mining and that i should take look again at it, it was just after the crash of $33, immediately i started mining, the price was $20 and falling it had hit even $2.5 as i remember, i didnt sell though and continued mining, the community grew stronger and i have nothing to lose just a GPU which on the other hand i will use it to play games... no risk at all...
@_date: 2014-04-01 16:28:41
He got extradited to Greece, but here too the drug law is very strict