@_author: cerclederp
@_date: 2018-01-09 00:16:06
Insanely helpful graphic! I've spent hours researching LN and a lot of the content is very technical or addresses all the same things. This answers some questions I wasn't 100% sure about. Great work!
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:29:19
So **you're** saying if you became a billioinaire after a few years of investing, you wouldn't cash out either? These guys are risking hundreds of millions of dollars because they still believe in the fundamentals and potential of Bitcoin's future place in society. Of course they benefit if it goes up but again: The potential benefit isn't the story here, it's the real risk they're taking.
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:38:49
One of the LN contributors is doing an interview on Bloomberg TV tonight. They recently live tested a Lightning transaction on Mainnet. It's dangerous to give hard dates when so much money is at stake. 2018 is going to be monumental.
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:37:36
This is honestly the only fair point about the story that I can confidently concede. We don't know. They suggest that they've barely spent any of their holding but their comments are pretty ambiguous:




 
But if you follow the logic that they did sell, then why make the claim in the first place? All I was saying is that you shouldn't just chalk it up to "Rich people making bold statements solely because it benefits them." They put their money where their mouths are. They are OG believers and among the biggest hodlers. Why try to belittle that with hand waving?
@_date: 2017-12-12 15:52:43
That's not the point of this type of news. They can slowly dump their coins and get hundreds of millions of dollars which is an insane amount of money but they're still hodling. That speaks volumes!
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:34:01
Here you go: 
@_date: 2014-01-22 03:12:49
u wot m8?
@_date: 2014-07-31 01:23:36
First Data is very closely related to Western Union. This can mean not-so-good things for Bitcoin's association with the company. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 13:05:38
There's virtually no way someone could add a back door to a hardware wallet. They have tamper proof encryption on the device so you wouldn't get far enough to actually compromise any sensitive data. Buy on Amazon from the cheapest reseller if there are shipping delays or the main site is sold out. 
@_date: 2017-11-24 23:00:09
I'm sure this is posted merely as a joke but I don't think it's acceptable to have an image like this up on our sub. 
This is a straight up hit list on the show and even in jest it's simply in bad taste. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 14:38:51
You make good points. You neglect to consider an important factor in your thought experiment: Time. 
If you're statement is that Bitcoin can and will adopt all the important features that make alts unique, therefore there's no point in investing in alts, then you fail to capitalize on all the opportunity that will come before that happens. This new financial revolution will be messy and will take time to mature. To point at one potential end result is short sighted. 
Bitcoin may not be the swiss army knife of assets we all hope it to be. If it ends up being more valued as a store of value and a baseline ledger then so be it. There's a reason we have checking accounts and savings accounts as well as a litany of other financial instruments. In this case, I would much rather put my money behind Litecoin than Bitcoin cash and I'm confident there's a large community of crypto enthusiasts that share my sentiment. 
Charlie gets a lot of hate for not standing on his head while juggling and pointing at his currency. He doesn't dress like his whole life is one big brunch. 
His marketing strategy is to draft behind the success of bitcoin while avoiding much of the drama that comes from being  He positions Litecoin as a stable, secure, and carefully developed alt. As a result, I agree that Litecoin is probably very undervalued compared to a lot of pump and dumps out there but this means of growth will have a lot more staying power than the rest. This was my point all along. 
So yeah, every alt may fail and Bitcoin may triumph above all. Maybe not. Maybe we're all wrong and the  global everything hasn't even been developed yet. But until then, I have my top two picks and my reasons for being involved in them. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 19:39:32
Not sure why you're getting downvoted.. this links to bloomberg.com with no article referenced. I love how the post has 22 upvotes and two comments discussing the headline but literally none of these people actually tried to read the article. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 02:10:35
This is actually really adorable. To those who hate on Charlie's marketing methods, this is an example of why Litecoin will be one of the few alts that sticks around for a long time.
@_date: 2017-11-06 12:57:06
Can you explain why you think gold is a better store of value?
@_date: 2017-11-30 09:03:07
Hey I ended up cracking my own password after waiting a while for him to get back to me too. There's a great program on GitHub that lets you brute Force your password using passwords you likely inputted at the time. If you have a strong idea of what it may be I'm confident you can diy it. Thinking of making a write up on my success story but if you wanna know what I did I'll dig up the link for you.
@_date: 2017-10-20 19:50:58
ELI5 since it was asked a few times:
Craig Wright has been pretending to be Satoshi Nakamoto (the anonymous pseudonym for whoever started Bitcoin).
Although there are several ways for Craig Wright to prove his is truly Satoshi, he's not done so. He's very clearly full of shit to anyone who's familiar with the history of Bitcoin yet he continues to perpetuate the lie. 
CoinDesk created a means for folks to vote on who they felt is the most influential Blockchain evangelist in 2017. Someone asked why Craig Wright isn't on the list. He replies that CoinDesk is "anti-Craig". CoinDesk fires back with a sarcastic "Satoshi is on the list.." 
It's not really a smoking gun but it's a nice 'gotcha bitch!' to poke fun at his ridiculous claim. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 23:39:10
I think the validity of both your arguments are agreeable and depend solely on personal preference. But for the record, coinbase only insures your fiat balance, not your crypto. It's not safe to hold your balances there.
@_date: 2017-10-23 16:00:02
That's the problem with using analogies.. there's never truly a direct 1:1 relationship between the subjects. If AOL had limited access to websites in favor of their own branded content they wouldn't have lasted long in the free market. 
But, I would argue that the Winklevoss ETF or Coinbase is to bitcoin what AOL was to the internet. You could still have used AOL to access the www in its entirety. The tech is boring and confusing on its face. A nicely designed UX that brings the tech to the masses is what we need for bitcoin!
@_date: 2017-10-12 13:38:49
If you really think that, sell then buy when it corrects. I've been holding bitcoin for over five years and the first time I gave into the FUD and sold before the hard fork I missed out on the rise from 2,800 to 4,000. I bought back in on the China dip and mitigated my losses but these type of "no brainer" predictions are easy to chat about and very hard to make actual money from.
@_date: 2017-10-23 00:16:41
I was prepared to write up a reply to your earlier points but after watching your conversation with devolve so sharply I just have to ask this.
What, exactly, is your argument here? Is it that bitcoin won't proliferate? Or that it shouldn't because of moral implications? This all came from a post about a guy sharing that people are still ignorant and unaware about bitcoin as an investment opportunity, making it still prime with potential to profit as it becomes widely known. 
What's your point here? It just looks like you're generally spreading FUD. You've not really shown us any real reason bitcoin couldn't, or shouldn't, be globally accepted as a store of value and a means for trade. What are you trying to convince us of?
@_date: 2017-10-22 22:02:07
Just wow. You are clearly intelligent enough to articulate reasonable points using big words and referencing obscure figures in mathematics but holy jeez that was a mouthful of wtf.
Embedded in all those syllables you actually address some important concerns that should be discussed by the community. Here goes..


I really dislike this sentiment because it's blaming the tool for the behavior of its operator. But since I have to accept the fact that you're correct that Bitcoin is used for illicit purposes, you also have to accept that so is the internet in general, cash fiat, butcher knives, gasoline, and many other useful inventions that are commonly used. Cash is the primary intermediary of the drug trade, illegal arms and every other seedy black market. No one's running around trying to ban cash. 
Plus, the whole "shady business" theme is used to spread FUD around emerging disruptive technologies. TV said it about the internet, radio said it about TV and so on.


That's actually pretty interesting but was kind of presented out of nowhere. Are you mentioning it as a reason big government would be afraid of the proliferation of Bitcoin? That's fine. I'd even venture to say there are plenty more reasons that are far more probable for big government to be afraid of crypto.


Since bitcoin is a global phenomenon, there will have to be major international cooperation to effectively can bitcoin in any meaningful way. Even if 2/3 of the world ban bitcoin, the remaining 1/3 of countries will have an amazing leg up on the development and control of a truly revolutionary technology. The only winners will be those who embrace the tech. There's no closing the lid to this Pandora's box.
I'm trying to keep this short but Russia's crypto currency is an attempt to control something that is inherently distributed. Could you imagine if
Comcast invented their own internet to compete with the world wide web? 


Lol, okay.. weird visual but fun way to show off that you know a little history in mathematics. 


This is true of any investment. I wouldn't trust a single financial advisor who told me about a sure thing one way or another. Bitcoin is just way hard to put a real price on since it shares properties with a bunch of different assets but is unique and innovative all its own.


I'm not sure your point here. Are you suggesting that institutional investors already have a large stake in bitcoin? The Fed very publicly sold off a buttload of bitcoin after the silk road asset forfeiture. Jamie Dimon dumps all over it. Most investors I know think it's a Ponzi scheme. Even tech savvy friend in financial management are too nervous to touch it because it's far too "out there" as a disruptive investment. Too many variables. Not enough info. 
My big fear is Satoshi being anonymous. Some argue Bitcoin wouldn't take off otherwise but it's weird that we blindly empower an unknown entity with billions of dollars in valuation. That is a huge and scary liability that may screw us over in the future. But that's part of why bitcoin is still very risky and why early investors would be rewarded with big money if it continues to take off.


Can you explain or share an example of a major economic voice speaking out against the fundamentals of Bitcoin? I mean where they point out flaws in the structure, technology, or economics of why such a system is destined to fail? I'm not talking about referencing tulip mania which is a ridiculous strawman or calling it a pyramid scheme because early investors benefit greatly from the network effect. 
I think since legacy financial institutions haven't needed to innovate in any real way for a very long time, they're just not keen on understanding the tech or adopting it anytime soon. But the Winklevoss twins are trying hard to change that. Their ETF will bring crypto to wall street who will help the push on main street. The government just doesn't know how to classify it or regulate it and they're taking their time introducing it as an institutional option. But it's coming. 
We all have the chance to get in big before even wall street can. I, for one, welcome our new decentralized overlords. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 23:46:15
Coinbase has promised to do the same thing with bitcoin cash but they won't be retrievable until January. The price has gone from 1,000 to around 300 now and who knows how low it will get by the time we can access them. Keep them on a wallet and Google around how to safely pull your 2x out when the fork happens. It won't be easy to find something simple and straight forward but you'll be able to figure it out faster than trusting any exchange to do it for you.
@_date: 2017-10-23 15:34:32
Haha I'm honored
@_date: 2013-11-24 14:16:12
There is also the Lamassu machine that simply works like a vending machine for BTC. The difference is you can only input USD or a currency, not withdraw from it. While that is a pretty glaring limitation, I think the fact that it will be a simple and straightforward way for the average person to buy bitcoin, it would see solid traffic.
@_date: 2013-11-24 22:27:21
I recognize that some people might consider expenses to be relative to income but 5K is a lot of money no matter how you cut it. Losing several thousands of dollars plus time dedicated to the project adds up quickly. 
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:18:16
Friends, I think we are missing a big point with respect to concepts like this. Every time you translate fiat into bitcoin, you are billed some sort of exchange rate. Spending bitcoin isn't much simpler than using a credit card for purchase whether it's e-commerce or retail. This method, in essence, shifts the fees of electronic payment from the merchant to the consumer. 
I think the community is obfuscating the benefits of bitcoin by associating them with all roles in the transaction. Merchants benefit from accepting bitcoin because the payment is final and refunds are left to the decision of the merchant. This helps them solicit a global community without fear of fraud. It also helps businesses that are restricted by card brand regulations. Also, low transaction fees. 
Consumers benefit from bitcoin but not necessarily from merchant transactions. They are held to caveat emptor when choosing their vendor because their payments are final. There are no reward incentives to use them. Finally, they have to pay a surcharge in order to obtain them. The true benefit of bitcoin to a consumer is that they can send bitcoin to others easily for non-vendor reasons. If you need to send money to your family in your native country, for example. 
The merchant-consumer benefit stems from being able to pay your neighbors for rudimentary goods and services but many banks already offer a free option for that. The success of bitcoin will stem from mass adoption and merchants accepting it everywhere. 
TLDR; The process you propose, while it is clever, simply replicates the credit card processing protocol but shifts the costs to the consumer, without the protection and rewards that come with a credit card.
I am a huge proponent of bitcoin but I want to make sure that our community sees the reality of the intricacies of how this tech will disrupt payments.