@_author: cerealideator
@_date: 2018-08-18 01:44:04
There’s a lot more to getting PR treatment than this and for many, it really isn’t worth it.  It requires 183+ days IN PR, not just “an address.” 
On to the general issue about Americans and tax, bear in mind that US persons are subject to income tax (both ordinary and capital gains) on their WORLDWIDE income (again, both ordinary and CG income at applicable tax rates). Every US citizen, permanent resident, and non-citizens who meet the “substantial presence test” are supposed to report. Failure to report will cause the statute of limitations to never start running, meaning potential tax penalties and interest accruing from the date the tax return was first due: a truly draconian but legal result!
The IRS has attempted to unilaterally declare that cryptoassets are “property” and thus subject to the capital gains tax rules. But this is not settled law. It’s another example of bureaucratic overreach trying to impose law without the democratic process. 
The conservative approach (which I suspect isn’t necessarily welcome here ;) ) is to track basis on buys, track gain on sales, and report taxable gain on a timely-filed income tax return consistent with the IRS’s published (if nonbinding) position. I’ll let others opine on what they should choose to do, particularly since the IRS cannot yet track transactions on permissionless blockchains. But rumor has it they have redeployed personnel from other departments to try and get a grip on crypto. 
Much more to come among the several states and within the US on this front and the US is very slow to follow. (Insert remarks about broken republic “HERE.”)
@_date: 2018-08-18 01:56:56
That isn’t the only option. Consider a “self-directed” IRA (SDIRA) that the individual controls. Very sexy technique, but likely increases risk of tax audit. The trick is in the plan design and operation but people have done SDIRAs on nontraditional assets for a long time. (Gold, thoroughbred horses, etc.) 
If you do it wrong the tax hit will SUCK but if you do it right, you can control the destiny of your investments in the tax-deferred structure.