@_author: cevapi
@_date: 2013-11-26 15:19:45
pogeymanz, you need a bigger perspective if what money is. Nor can you eat dollar notes, nor can you eat quarters or dimes or nickels. one of the most successful forms of money was tally sticks, those were wood and you cant eat those either. the best thing to do following your logic is to save food for future consumption, but it goes bad so you cant do that.
the idea is... gold is the best PHYSICAL FORM of money because of its physical attributes.
Gold represents WORK ACCOMPLISHED, it needs not go back to a bank to cancel a debt.
Fiat currency notes represent WORK YET TO BE ACCOMPLISHED.
Gold is the best KIND of money, it doesnt rust, it doesnt burn, its portable, fungible, maliable etc.
had we not had attacks on gold throughout the decades we couldve perfected it for use in daily transactions, ie, gold slivers embedded in paper notes, advanced gold fraud detection systems etc.
@_date: 2013-11-26 14:22:01
peter does have one good point, technology dies get killed by newer technology, theres going to be real competition in this digital currency age so be very careful with bitcoin. governments the world over and banks, are right behind this with their digital currencies aswell dont get too excited, before the end of the year Mintchip will be out. now i know the difference between fiat currency and non fiat, debt based and non debt based but theres a whole lot of people who have no clue that look for the government stamp of approval
@_date: 2013-11-26 14:09:10
the two best monies go head to head, or do they?
gold and bitcoin are yin and yang
they hedge eachother quite nicely imo
the bitcoin will forever more require  the internet, electricity, computational devices to keep it alive
the gold coin once struck will live for thousands of years, requiring no more energy to keep its form
what good is bitcoin without electricity, phone, computer, internet connection? (those are over head costs as as well, something Petet AND Stefan fail to acknowledge)
gold would thrive in a grid collapse environment (because it did before all modern systems)
bitcoin is mobile, moves quick, costs little to transfer, easily spans long distances
gold is cumbersome, slow to physically transfer, expensive to safe keep and transfer
gold has 5000 years of history
bitcoin has 5
gold markets are controlled and manipulated
bitcoin market free so it would seem
gold physical
bitcoin virtual
gold finds its way to those who are wealthy
bitcoin finds its way to those who are not
bitcoin and gold compliment eachother, smart money will buy BOTH because they are both useful  and valuable
can you go to walmart and by something with gold? (yes gold coins have a dollar amount stamped on them, but no you wouldnt do that)
can you go to walmart and by something with bitcoin? (yes in a round about way you can get walmart gift card)
ultimately just like gold, you can get currency for bitcoin and by whatever you want
is gold a ponzi scheme, no
bitcoin a ponzi scheme, no
bitcoin too volitile for future business planning, yes
films too volitile for future business planning, yes
buy both, and buy litecoin, and buy silver, and buy bitcoin start ups and buy good and silver miners. buy other things too, i wont name them because its a bitcoin vs gold thread
just be careful how much you buy and when you buy it
@_date: 2013-11-27 05:37:26
bought my first coffee today at waves coffee shop, the dame one that has the bitcoin atm. had a discussion with a couple of the Robocoin reps, they were there to fix the palm scan reader on the atm. A few interesting tid bits for you all... I asked the rep whos helping people with the machine if people are buying or selling at todays prices, she said 80+ % are buyers, hardly any sellers. The machine has always got someone using it, its incredible. People elderly and young mixed nationalities, doesnt matter they know english or not they putting cash into the machine. If I were you guys i would conclude so quickly that no one knows what bitcoin is. Everyone i talk to lately knows. i peeked over the guys shoulder noticed he the in 2600, so people dont mind rolling the dice at these prices.