@_author: cezjdf
@_date: 2017-02-05 23:55:57
Bitcoin has always had a built-in problem/challenge, which is its design makes it hard for average computer resources, as they are today, to process very many transactions. When I say very many I mean in a global context. For example, at present Bitcoin maxes out at around 3 per second, where VISA has done 50,000.
There are two general approaches advocated for addressing this. Core's approach favors the block size remaining near the same limit it has almost always had and relying on second layer and other off-chain technologies to handle the other transactions. The "big-blocker" (now essentially the Unlimited side) favors an approach that allows the block size limit to rise significantly higher than it is to handle capacity, while also believing second layer and off-chain technologies can play a role in helping. The big-blockers believe miners themselves have sufficient ability to keep the size limit from going so high it becomes problematic, meaning the network becomes centralized away from users.
My opinion: Neither approach is perfect in that there are trade-offs. Allowing the limit to rise significantly certainly means higher risk of problematic centralization (I emphasize risk doesn't mean guarantee). I believe Core values decentralization so highly they want this risk as low as possible. The problem with not allowing the size limit to go significantly higher, with a goal of significant global adoption, is there is risk second layer and off-chain technologies don't develop fast enough or sufficiently to handle growing usage, leading to adoption problems and possibly related ones (like project confidence). I think both approaches are reasonable. However, I personally think there is more risk with Core's approach given all factors overall (like natural advancement of technological capability over time), so I've come down on the big-blocker side. At this point, however, I think the new risk is failure to arrive at compromise harms the project worse than the other issues might.
@_date: 2017-02-05 23:55:42
    but increasing the cost of running a node will cause less people to run a node.
No, with exception of installing and initial blockchain sync, the real cost is zero. So I have a node that runs on a pc. Unless I really need that disk space the cost is zero. It just starts automatically and doesn't interfere with anything.
So what matters is the motivation to set up the thing. Big blocks increase it substantially.
Setting up separate nodes is a wrong model. 10k people running nodes on their pcs, under different times zones, would create a vastly more resilient network than even a few hundred enthusiasts with dedicated 24/7 nodes. Note that it has an inherent demand scaling: there are more local nodes active when it's daytime.
In the future bitcoin nodes could rely on smartphones, obviously with option to only use the wifi.
    Lightning does provide a financial incentive to run a node.
No, it does provide incentive to run a LN hub. You don't need a full node for that.
    If we are going to talk about how "Bitcoin was designed" then I think it needs to be mentioned that when Bitcoin was "designed" a user, node, miner, and wallet were unified.
That's client, not protocol. To finance nodes part of fees or coinbase would have to be distributed to them, through some proof of storage.
@_date: 2017-02-05 23:55:05
I wish I had the money to invest back then. I was more worried how I would get enough gas for my car. Spending money on something with intangible benefits would have been hard to justify.
What I did have was a decant GPU. So I started mining. Then when I had enough coins, I bought a better OpenCL GPU to mine more. Right when FPGA and ASIC mining started to become a thing, I sold my gpu for about cost.
And I've been a holder ever since.
@_date: 2017-02-05 23:55:23
I hate to break it to me the US internet is run by oligarchies. I do about 180GB per day just for my node with a data cap of 400GB. All that for $100 per month. I could upgrade to a business cap but that's $200 per month. So hearing miners talking about cheap storage is half the story. We have to pay for internet too. And I'd hate to say what datacenter is ever going to do what we do without getting paid for it. I forgot the universities and businesses will. That's a pipe dream. Those cost will be passed on to the consumer. Then the notion of miners telling me what blocksize they want me to bear. That's a pipe dream too. If anything developers should allow nodes to vote on the blocksize or dynamically changing it at that. Sure miners make revenue and spend lots of money on miners to do that. But that is a risk they take. My risk is what a pay for an internet connection and how much data I have to pay for. My system is setup to be expanded but at the way things are going it doesn't sound reasonable for blocks to be 4MB at my current cost structure. That's 3 bitcoins a year at the current Btc price. And it appears the only ones in our camp is the core developers. Sure my node setup is good for maybe 10 years worth of data at 4MB but over the course of 10 years that's about $40k. That's a nice car. It shames me that people think a payment layer or a settlement layer is even a talking point. To me it's just data that I have to store for a long time. And being told by people who spend millions for mining that oh storage is cheap I've got a bridge to nowhere to sell them. BU and flex transactions was always a non starter for me. I want full control of my data usage. I don't want some mine operator anywhere in the world to tell me how much data I have to pay for so they can make money. And I'm not the one who falls for saying miners secure the Blockchain. We secure the Blockchain by being redundant. That is the crowd source decentralized built in security. It's called redundancy. I have to agree with 50 other nodes. Who have to agree with x amount of nodes. We need to change the conversation of this blocksize debate. It's not about mining. It's about nodes. Move the coffee and drug sales off chain and off my node. 
@_date: 2017-02-05 23:55:13
FT could do a great many things. Unfortunately FT is written by a single contrarian for the sole reason of 'doing it another way'(read the discussions on the mailing list). You will be told "it uses tag format like html!" any developer will just shrug at that... so what? It supposedly does everything SW does but better because it requires a hard fork of the protocol.
Literally no one devoting time to Bitcoin development has shown any interest in FT. It remains a buggy, untested, Ver financed PR stunt to attempt to legitimize the "HFs at all cost and as often as possible" crowd. Because without a single miner pouring millions into BU (and threatening to attack the remaining Bitcoin network with 100million USD worth of asics) and FT what would rbtc have to rage about? Certainly not their 200 aws hosted nodes which make up &lt;5% of the network of full nodes.
@_date: 2017-02-05 23:56:08
Core sees increasing costs to run a bitcoin node as the main cause their numbers are decreasing. The same is supposed to be true for miner centralization - the bigger the blocks are, the more advantage there is to mine your own (ie. mined previously by you) chain. Look up selfish mining for related problems.
All this means that significant scaling on-chain is impossible, so the only viable future for Bitcoin is as a settlement layer for centralized payment providers (but many of them) - LN, and perhaps decentralized sidechains. Basically Bitcoin is supposed to become the interbank transfer layer, with p2p transactions priced out.
Segwit makes it easier, mainly by fixing transaction malleability issue. It also increases by the block size by amount that's different depending on a transaction. If current usage profile persists and everyone switches to segwit, it would be equivalent to about 0.7MB increase. It also improves on several minor performance-related things. From a technical POV, the best way to add Segwit is through a hard-fork. However, Core thinks a hard-fork is very dangerous, so instead Segwit was added as a soft-fork, which allows old nodes to propagate new blocks. From the perspective of old nodes segwit transactions are spendable by everyone, so transactions including them are going to look valid. Miners have to upgrade.
There's also Mimblewimble project with unknown potential, started by an anonymous guy under French Voldermort's name :) It's unclear what chances, if any, are for its inclusion in bitcoin.
Bitcoin Unlimited believes on-chain scaling is possible and that bitcoin should remain p2p money. Instead of block limits set by developers, block limits are supposed to be dynamic. If you want bigger blocks, you set your node to accept them immediately. Let's say at some point the majority of miners and a significant number of nodes are ok with 4MB blocks. A miner makes a 4MB block, it's accepted by these nodes but rejected by others. However, after the chain with big block grows by several blocks, the node 'changes its mind' and accepts that chain. How many blocks to wait before accepting is another configurable number called 'acceptance depth'. The most common value on the network right now is 4.
On a technical side, BU is not opposed to hard-forks, which allows much more freedom in adding new capabilities or improving existing ones.
BU is opposed to Segwit both on technical and political grounds. On technical side there are many in-depth criticisms elsewhere, focusing mostly on the things forced by the soft-fork. On the political side Segwit became a symbol of defiance to Core plans to make Bitcoin into a settlement layer.
Fork. If BU forks off at 75% of mining power, all core nodes are going to reject its blocks. At this point there are three main possibilities.
1. Remaining miners and economical majority (exchanges, shops, etc) switches to BU and core chain dies. That's the best option for big block supporters. Probably price drop from uncertainty, but afterwards, fees should drop and transaction backlog will disappear, so there's a reasonable potential for an increase.
2. Core chain slows down for several hours, but near complete lack of acceptance of BU blocks by the economical majority, or some other factors, causes miners to gradually return back. Enormous transaction backlog. A short time later BU fork dies. Price drop from chaos, but later the situation returns to status quo, so price may too.
3. The worst one. Some important services accept BU, some not. After initial fork some mining power returns to Core, and both forks have comparable hash power. The situation lasts more than a day, which means there are now two bitcoins. Price panic. Both sides blame each other. Hard to say how it could end.
From a technical side, once BU forks, 1 is the most probable one, 3 the least. Core has the inherent disadvantage because there's going to be an enormous transaction backlog with resulting very high fees, while BU is likely to almost clean mempool with each block, depending on how high the block increase is. 
@_date: 2017-02-05 23:56:34
I got 2.99 with a used car at 72 months, I mean heck any decent investment, including traditional investments, should outpace that. Normally wouldnt stretch out that far, but wifey wanted it and it made sense for what we were getting.
They also threw more cash off the purchase price if I financed because they got a kick back from the bank.
Ford had a promo on new vehicles where if you financed you got several thousand off, and the only catch was you had to hold the loan for 2 months I think. Boss paid her truck off in cash after the 2 months. The idea is most people that is impossible so theyll make the money on the back end while the buyer pays interest.
@_date: 2017-01-03 13:35:22
I have been heavily invested through at least three bubbles now. I bought my first coin in 2012. This definitely is a slower, steadier growth which can be seen in the charts. I am not convinced adoption is progressing right along with it, nor is the technology ready for the adoption that is possible. I think there will still be profit-taking and a correction, probably taking us sub-900 at some point, but nowhere near the lows we have seen in the last 2 years.
I have sold the majority of the coins I started with. Enough that I don't care how low the price goes, but I still possess enough to get super excited when we see rises like this.