@_author: cffndncr
@_date: 2018-08-22 20:04:39
Ah, the reddit equivalent of sticking your fingers in your ears and yelling LALALALALA because you lost the argument. Bravo!
@_date: 2018-08-21 19:24:17










You are literally describing a market collapse, so... yes? Also, you seem to be missing the fact that wages will decrease in line with prices, so the poor will still be unable to afford what they can't afford today. There is a huge difference between prices going down because of improved efficiency in the production/distribution process, and prices going down because *all* prices are going down (deflation). 
Let me stick with your example. I sell 100 toasters for $10 each, making $1000 dollars, $100 of which is profit (assuming a healthy 10% margin). I then spend $5 of that repaying the interest on the loan I took out to start my business (for simplicity here I'm ignoring paying off the principal). Now, as you said, the price of toasters drops to $1. Because this is in a context where all prices are dropping by the same amount, my profit margin is still 10%, so now my 100 toasters nets me $100, $10 of which is profit. Because my debt is an absolute value and doesn't change relatively the same way my other costs do, I still have to pay $5 to cover my interest repayments - but instead of being only 5% of my profits, my debt servicing ratio is now a whopping 50%. 
This might be an extreme example, but it pretty clearly demonstrates why deflation is the anathema of lending. Many, many households carry more debt than income, particularly mortgage debt. A system with a fixed supply of money will inevitably force up debt servicing ratios, meaning anyone that cannot afford to live debt-free is going to become significantly poorer as time goes on - basically over time, the rich will get richer by lending to the poor, and the poor will get poorer.
Also, you also say that inflation hurts economic growth - I'd be extremely interested in seeing your sources, since deflation is widely considered to be detrimental to growth and controlled inflation is seen to help growth.
@_date: 2018-08-21 10:42:28
Actually his logic checks out.
Fixed money supply only works in a static system. If your total economy is $100, and production is 100 units, you get $1/unit. The next year, my fixed money supply is still $100, but now production is 110 units, so each unit is priced at ~$9. This could be OK if ALL prices went down by 10%... except that my debt is an absolute value. So now I have to sell 20% more to service my debt... except that everyone else is doing that too which is dropping prices further because my money supply is fixed. 
I love the concept of Bitcoin,  but having a fixed supply means it can never replace fiat currency. 
@_date: 2018-08-22 16:18:18


Notice how I said 'controlled inflation'. Of course hyperinflation is bad, just like deflation is bad. My counter-point - show me a market where deflation has been a good thing. 


Again, you seem to be missing the point. We are talking about a money supply with a fixed upper limit - so citing real world examples is irrelevant because they are different currency systems. Once we hit 21m BTC - that's it. Let's say that BTC becomes the only global currency - all global output is now worth 21m BTC. 1 year later, let's say that global output has gone up by 50% as more companies and workers enter the market. Now, we have 150% of the output... still worth 21m BTC, because the supply is fixed. As a result, the cost of those goods, in BTC terms, has dropped by 33%. Wages drop by 33% as well, as costs drop in line with revenues - so buying power remains the same. However, my debt obligations don't change - and, since wages dropped, my debt obligations are actually significantly higher. For the person that loaned me the money, they are significantly wealthier, because the BTC they have loaned out now has significantly more buying power than it did when they loaned it out.
As I said earlier, the rich get richer, and the poor get shafted. The system doesn't work - and this is why BTC will never be a legitimate alternative to real currencies that do not have an upper cap.


Not when the currency has a fixed upper limit, as I explained above.


Interest rates won't mean jack shit in a market where the currency has a fixed upper limit. Even at 0% interest, borrowers wouldn't be able to meet their loan obligations, as their debt servicing ratio would continue to climb.
tl;dr you can't take real-world examples and pretend they work in the context of your fixed-limit BTC fantasy land.
@_date: 2018-08-22 17:45:50


You're wrong, in the same way that drinking a bit of water is good, but drinking a lot of water will kill you. In almost anything, there is such a thing as a healthy dose - but saying that all inflation is bad because there are examples of hyperinflation is just stupidity.


Pot, kettle, black. You completely ignored the fact that loans will never be worth taking out in a market with a fixed currency cap, and will in effect act as a wealth transfer vehicle from the poor to the rich, and then accuse me of ignoring your point when I raise this fact again? I read your comment, and it makes sense - but only in the context of the real world, where there isn't a fixed upper limit on the amount of currency.
You ignored all of the points I made that you couldn't counter (which was all of them), made some absurd comparisons to real-world situations that didn't make any sense in the context of BTC to justify your ridiculous beliefs, and then think I'm the one derailing the conversation? 
I agree that you should probably bow out of this conversation, but only because your arguments so clearly don't make sense.