@_author: cfhgdctgdertgdr
@_date: 2016-02-02 07:13:14
If anyone sees anything wrong with this draft factually I'd like to know. Thanks
Bitcoin; Is it doomed to fail or has it resisted a coup d'etat?
Change is never easy for an individual and is even harder for a group. But what happens when change (or at least the discussion about change) is needed and the group is a bunch of highly skilled cryptologists, an-caps, libertarians and people who are so secretive no one even knows who they really are? Well it can become a mess. 
The war over the block size has been going on for a while now. Why is this issue so important? The block size will be one of the key deciding factors that will limit the number of transaction included in each (on average) 10 min block. In June 2015 Gavin Andersen said “Transaction volume is approaching the one-megabyte blocksize limit”. So there is a real issue at hand. The question is, will it be a problem? 
Satoshi the creator of Bitcoin is now seen as in the radical large block camp because he first set the blocksize to 32MB. Later it was reduced from 32MB to 1MB to stop spam from filling up the blockchain. At the time it seemed that this was just a temporary measure and it would be adjusted up when needed. So now that it is “needed” what is going on? Why has that not happened. 
To make a change the miners are the ones who need to vote. They are the gate keepers of what chain and what rules will be used for the next block. So if the miners want to keep it at 1MB they will do nothing, if they want to move it up to 2MB they can adopt BIP102 for example. The miners only need a majority to split off and to make the longest chain so anything north of 50% would work but the more people who join your chain the stronger it will be. Right now many of the miners are based in China and there has been some talk that increasing the block size would make their mining operation not as competitive as they have access to a slow and highly censored internet. However many have expressed interstate in expanding the block size in the past. The question is, what is the right path to take, what is too radical, what is not enough? 
There are no real solid answers here as no one really knows. This is an experiment after all. Pieter Wuille seems to be less alarmed than most and seems to think that bitcoin breaking for some current users is acceptable and normal. “I think that is already happening, and will happen at any scale. I believe demand for payments in general is nearly infinite, and only a small portion of it will eventually fit on a block chain (independent of whether its size is limited by consensus rules or economic or technological means).” He does however express that their will be need sooner or later to raise the limit he just wants to understand the risks and not act out of fear. 
However the fear is real and might be justified. Mike Hearn has expressed worry and alarm. He has expects that many in the community will react in a way that will be negative to bitcoin and that they will lose faith. He assumes this based on what has happened in the past. “We know this because in the past we’ve hit “soft block size limits”. This is where miners are programmed by default to only make blocks below a certain size that’s less than 1mb. Back in 2013 this soft limit of 250kb was hit and transactions started to back up. Users were complaining, which is why I made the linked post. Some mining pools bumped their soft limits and started making bigger blocks, so things calmed down pretty quick. But if you read that discussion you can see all the same arguments then as now. There is no problem! Just pay more in fees!”
Can just paying more fees really work? Well yes and no. The miners have the option of accepting any transaction they want but most of the time, they will accept the transactions that pay the most. This is not only to stop spam, but also to help them make the most profit. If there is a backlog what fee will we use? Mike says “There is no good way to automatically choose a fee. Even if you decide to bump your fee a little bit, because it’s taking hours to confirm transactions you can easily be outcompeted by other transactions that pay even more a short while later.“ Jeff Garzik goes on to say“as blocks get full and the bidding war ensues, the bitcoin user experience rapidly degrades to poor. In part due to bitcoin wallet software's relate immaturity, and in part due to bitcoin's settlement based design, the end user experience of their transaction competing for block size results in erratic, and unpredictably extended validation times”. 
Breaking bitcoin and not knowing if a transaction would be sent is only half of the coin. Jeff also says that lower fees “incentive us of bitcoin at a key time in its young life”. With bitcoin is developing maybe we should not be seeing how things resolve when things get out of hand but try to just stop them from getting out of hand in the first place. 
In the end the final solution is going to have to be implemented by the miners and then supported by the users. Because of the inaction and the soon to be broken protocol Mike Hearn as quit the project and sold off all of his bitcoins. Based on the direction of the price, it seems he took many users with him. Is now a good time to flee for the long time holders? After all if they wait too long to sell they will not even be able to get their transactions into a full block.