@_author: cgod
@_date: 2011-06-21 23:47:34
There's a websocket API detailed [here]( which is also what [this site]( uses. If you're unfamiliar, websockets are basically persistent HTTP connections. I don't think it was ever listed anywhere on mtgox.com; I just got lucky and stumbled across it, so naturally I had to write a program to connect, log, and display everything as it happened (though I left out depth in the normal output, as you can see in the plain text log). It was an amazing resource, and the complete lack of anything like this for tradehill or any other exchanges has kind of put me off of trading for the last couple of days.
@_date: 2011-08-04 18:33:07


Yeah, none. Not sure what I was thinking there. One of the possibilities I included was that bitcoins would drop in value and namecoins would rise, but I highly doubt anything like that would happen.


In the short term there's variance based on hash rate. The protocol adapts by modifying the difficulty, but it's not static. In the long term, the number of coins introduced into the supply by each block is halved every four years, again making it not static. Or am I taking you too literally here? In general, sure, it should be fairly constant, but all it takes is something like the current namecoin difficulty rollercoaster and deficit of miners to throw constancy right out the window.


That seems contradictory. If it increases the supply but leaves the demand as is, that'll mean something to the market, won't it? I'll admit to complete ignorance when it comes to economics, but that sounds like it'd drive the price of namecoins down.
@_date: 2011-06-25 04:14:40
The Prolexic thing actually makes a lot of sense. Prolexic offers DDOS protection, so the traffic was probably routed through a firewall and MtGox recorded that IP instead of whatever was sent in the XFF header, which would be the actual origin IP (your real IP). This is pretty common.
Also, thanks for posting this. I wasn't aware of this status page. It was *very* nice to see my money is still in there.
@_date: 2011-06-21 16:18:42
I've got the JSON from the MtGox websocket for the last 24 hours of trading up until they took it offline. 


The order that was heard 'round the world. 


This one was Kevin's order being put in.


Kevin's order being fulfilled six seconds later.
Note: I do slightly modify the JSON to include a timestamp on everything that comes in even though the logger automatically adds a timestamp before each record, which was an oversight on my part. It's of course conceivable that automatic float conversions (due to MtGox sending the values as floats instead of strings) or something might be happening in the background by my JSON lib and things aren't *precisely* as they originally came through to me. I really don't know one way or the other, so take the numbers with a grain of salt.
@_date: 2011-05-27 18:42:10
I used this guide on a new Natty install last week and it worked perfectly.
@_date: 2011-06-27 20:52:39
Yup. I tried out Tradehill for a while and I was bugged by the exact same things.
An even bigger annoyance for me was that it didn't truncate your buy order if you didn't have enough funds. If you want to buy as much as you can with the USD you have on hand, you have to go look at your balance on a different page and then break out a calculator to figure out how much usable cash you've got after fees. With Mt. Gox, you just put in an order for like 1000 at whatever price, let it split it in two, and then cancel the not-enough-funds order.
In fact, not being able to put in an order that you couldn't cover was just annoying all around. If I initiated a BTC transfer into my account, I couldn't queue up the sale right then and there and have it automatically execute once the funds hit my account. I had to actually wait and then put in the order. No problems there on Mt. Gox.
I get that people are freaked out and don't quite believe Tux's story about what happened, and I can't say that I blame them. At the same time though, the usability is there and he just got some amazing lessons in security. I can't imagine those mistakes will be made again very soon.
@_date: 2011-08-03 19:10:34
I don't know that it ever has, and I don't quite understand why. I've seen times when there's no obvious correlation between the two, times when they did move together, and times when it almost seemed inverse (btc goes down, nmc goes up). 
The crazy difficulty jumps for namecoins makes it even more confusing. Right now if I mine namecoins, I can get about 9 a day. With the same rig mining bitcoins, I take in ~0.5 btc a day which I can then flip for about 17 nmc. One would think that 9 nmc would equal 0.5 btc, making the average price 0.055, and it *was* there a while back, but no, it's way lower. So I continue to mine btc, convert to nmc, and hold, hoping that one day it makes some sort of sense.
I really have to wonder what effect the whole merged-mining effort is going to have, if any. Will namecoins become worthless? Just a little extra bonus to people mining both? Or will bitcoins drop in dollar value but get a bit closer to parity with namecoins (so between the two you get the same dollar value)? I can't even begin to make a prediction.
@_date: 2011-06-24 07:33:54
I got accepted after providing:
* IP
* Balance estimate (probably within a dollar or so)
* First and last BTC transfer amounts and dates (no addresses - didn't think of that for some reason)
* Copy &amp; paste of most recent trade notification email (just the "You sold N BTC for X!" bit)
Hopefully this will help someone who gets rejected and has no idea what the hell to submit, since they don't really tell you what'll convince them.
@_date: 2011-06-22 18:42:04
I was pretty happy when Mark mentioned during that interview that you guys were looking into multi-factor authentication using some sort of key fob, and RSA is a step in the right direction (well, unless you're worried about their security breach [just last month](
I wonder if any other solutions were considered, however. Yubico makes a product called the [Yubikey]( which is essentially the same thing, has a webservice for validating the one-time-passwords on your end, and can be used across multiple services (LastPass being one of them). I could be wrong about this, but my impression has always been that RSA SecurIDs are locked to one particular application. 
My Yubikey was $30 including one year of LastPass Premium. In bulk (without LastPass) they cost $15 a pop ($750 for 50), and they offer larger volume discounts. SecurIDs cost in the neighborhood of $5k for 100.
Anyway, I figured I'd throw that out there as a possibility. I swear I don't work for Yubico or anything; I just really don't feel like adding a fifth key fob (well, if you count Google Authenticator as one) to my collection when I could reuse one that I already have.
@_date: 2011-05-30 19:25:05
Two 5870s here at 425Mh/s each. They can go higher, but I'm afraid to push 'em any harder.
@_date: 2011-05-19 04:27:47
Why's that? Do people give up mining in situations like this where they're all of a sudden only getting 2/3 the return on their mining time?
@_date: 2011-05-19 04:25:18






@_date: 2011-08-05 14:28:00


It veered something fierce, but a bit differently than you're describing. The inequality I mentioned earlier between bitcoins and namecoins is the major driving force. It involves large numbers of miners showing up whenever the difficulty is low and then jumping ship as soon as it increases to compensate. This most recent one was the most extreme... On or about July 22nd, the difficulty dropped to somewhere in the neighborhood of 23k, and given the price of namecoins at the time it was about twice as profitable to mine namecoins and exchange them for bitcoins than it was to mine bitcoins directly. Naturally, there was a huge influx of miners hoping to take advantage of the arbitrage opportunity. In about a day and a half they'd created 2016 blocks and forced the difficulty up to the current 94k, at which point they all promptly left. Right now the hashrate on the namecoin network is what you'd expect for a difficulty of 13k, and the projected date for the next difficulty level is October 29th.
Prior to this current cycle there was another one that had brief but aggressive mining at around 15k, at which point it jumped to ~55k and spent far too long there. Unfortunately I don't have any solid dates or difficulty numbers for this one since I'm not aware of any good historical logs for namecoins like exist in the bitcoin world.
So, the rollercoaster I'm talking about is:
* Huge influx of hashes forcing 2016 blocks to be created in less than 48 hours
* Massive exodus forcing the next 2016 to take *three months*
This is an fairly recent trend, mind you, but it effectively reduces the incoming supply to a third of what it should be -- 4032 blocks take three months instead of four weeks. It probably helps that the bitcoin protocol only allows the difficulty to change by a factor of 4 or else it might be even worse.
My feeling is that merged mining is going to bring stability by actually *increasing* the supply which it seems to me is what's desperately needed right now. If any of the larger bitcoin pools adopt it, the added hashrate will tear through whatever difficulty namecoins happen to be at at the time, but then it should level out pretty nicely after that and start to follow the difficulty trends of bitcoin, which does provide for a more or less constant supply.
*  - here you can see the recently created blocks. Ideally they'd be 10 minutes apart. We're far from that.
*  - Shows last/current/next difficulties. 
@_date: 2011-06-12 15:55:30
Why does the main page say "Test Pool, Please Ignore"? That alone is probably enough to frighten people away.
@_date: 2011-06-21 17:33:18
Yeah, I'm pretty surprised I haven't seen these types of logs anywhere else yet. I can't have been the only person who logged all of this.


I'm not sure about that. Well, technically the info was there, but I don't know that anybody was really able to tell just how many BTC were available. I used to think that the depth info would only show what was actually available which would make you right, but then I found this little gem:


2,500,000 at 0.0000004. Not sure if the scientific notation there was my JSON lib or if that's how it came through the websocket. It's a sell order (type=2) with a positive BTC amount, so I think that was someone canceling the order. I can't find a matching record with a negative, so it must've been opened before my log started. It didn't have any impact whatsoever though, so I have no clue why it would've existed in the first place unless the orders just get thrown out there regardless of whether or not you can back them.


You would think so, but that's never how it happens. I've watched quite a few mini sell-offs while they were happening, and the trades are usually a second or so apart while the order is being fulfilled. Between each, the depth on the order is adjusted and rebroadcast, but the ticker never updates until the whole thing is done. I think instead of looking immediately for all orders that would fill the current order, it processes one, adjusts the order, looks again to see if anything matches, processes the next one, adjusts, looks again, and so on. That seems like a very slow way of doing it.
@_date: 2011-06-12 17:40:30
Yeah, RawIsDeep reminded me of that. I guess I just wasn't really looking at it in the right light. Most of the pools are so serious and professional that I wasn't expecting a year old Reddit reference that out of context implies that it's not usable, and took that at face value. I can't be the only one who has.
@_date: 2013-04-11 01:34:21
Only four digits? Meh. :)
@_date: 2013-03-15 16:00:54
Are you looking specifically for a Mt Gox Yubikey? I've got one that's unbranded that I haven't used in a while and would be willing to part with. Got it a while back for LastPass but I switched to GA once they added it.
@_date: 2013-02-01 17:03:23
My first step would be to spend as much of it as possible on things that I've been putting off buying due to lack of money. This will reduce the total amount you need to sell, and otherwise you would probably just convert to your currency and then buy that stuff anyway. Off the top of my head, I'd probably hit up  and grab a new TV for the bedroom, maybe a new laptop, some hard drives, etc. [The wiki]( has a nice big list of other places to buy stuff.
My next step would probably be to grab some MoneyPaks at  and use those to load up a handful of prepaid credit cards that I'd use for day to day purchases, emergency funds, etc. It's going to cost a bit more than fair market value, but I'd say it's worth it to stay off the radar.
Next I'd head on over to  and pick up at least one 100 BTC gold plated bar as a memento. Potential collectibility and growth of BTC in the future doesn't hurt, either.
Then I'd sell as much as possible on  as cash-only transactions. Whatever I couldn't get rid of that way, I'd ship off to exchanges in small batches.
@_date: 2013-03-19 19:32:26
Pleasure doing business with you.
@_date: 2013-03-07 20:26:29
Pretty much since its inception, people have been complaining about SatoshiDice because it's flooded the blockchain with tiny transactions. Each bet results in two transactions: one to SD, and then one for the reply (either your winnings, or a single satoshi to indicate that you lost). Compare  with  and you'll get a good idea of how much of an impact it's had on overall transaction volume.
As far as the 7 tx/sec thing, I believe it originated here:  and here: 
In short, each transaction is a certain size based on the number of inputs and each block can only handle a certain total size. With a little bit of math and some averaging, you can find the average number of transactions that can be contained in a single block (assuming an average of 10 minutes for generation). It boils down to about 7 per second.
@_date: 2013-03-28 17:06:06


Under "Important Notes" from  which you linked to in your article:


In fact the entire second half of the page is dedicated to describing to the reimbursers that they'll need a wallet with bitcoins in it and how to get them, which basically amounts to "go to mtgox.com". So, clearly the onus is on the company to buy the coins and maintain a wallet. I'm trying really hard to picture an HR/Finance person setting up, funding, and verifying a Mt Gox account on behalf of their company but I'm just not seeing it. You're right though, this does create a nice opportunity for someone else to step in and make that part a bit easier, maybe through a  direct partnership with Expensify to keep it as transparent as possible to the end users.
@_date: 2013-02-01 22:16:19
Wow, thanks. I wasn't expecting that.
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:33:18
Valve, the company who makes Steam, is an American company who sells their products worldwide. Do you think they directly hold Euros or GBP or anything other than USD? I'd guess not. From [Wikipedia](


When payments are made, it's all converted to USD. How would it be any different if they accepted Bitcoin? At this point I'd agree with you that it would be insanely risky for a business to accept and then hold BTC. Obviously they'll need to convert to their local currency to pay rent, upstream suppliers, etc, and there's no guarantee that it won't fluctuate in the wrong direction and cost them a lot of money. However, just like with credit cards, there are payment processors that can charge the customer in BTC, automatically convert it, and then give the business whatever currency it wants. There's no additional risk to the business in accepting BTC by operating this way, and in fact it provides them with greater revenue because these services charge lower fees than traditional credit card processors do. One might argue that there's actually less risk since credit card payments can be reversed whereas Bitcoin payments cannot.
@_date: 2013-03-29 18:02:59
This is a huge pet peeve of mine. Where people get the idea to capitalize "coin" is beyond me. I twitch every time I see it but I've never bothered to correct anyone because I'm just happy that people are talking about it at all.
@_date: 2013-04-05 16:40:11
The misprint is the missing S ("CASACIUS") in the hologram, right? I have two 2011 1BTC coins with that, but my 2012 5BTC coin has the typo as well. I've never heard anyone talk about denominations higher than 1 having it. I wonder if I just got lucky and got an older misprinted sticker by accident.
@_date: 2013-03-08 15:18:16


Maybe! There's been a bunch of talk about increasing the maximum block size (very doable) which would allow us to squeeze more transactions into them. The problem is that means the blockchain starts growing much bigger. It's already a bit over 6GB.
Personally, I think if we're going to go with a bigger blockchain then I say keep the blocks the same size, but crank out more of them. Cut generation time to 5 minutes instead of 10 and we get twice the transaction capacity *and* faster confirmations. I'm not sure I've really heard anybody talking about this option though, so it might be stupid for some reason I can't think of.
The alternative is to do nothing. This seems to be what the devs want. Fewer transactions make for a healthier and much smaller blockchain, and incentivizes competition for inclusion in a block. Technically we can create way more transactions, but the question comes down to which ones will be included in the next block that's found. Naturally it'll be the ones that have higher fees on them, since those fees are paid to the miner that finds the block.
Ultimately I think *something* will have to happen, but everybody wants this little experiment to grow up big and strong and rash decisions now can have long lasting consequences.
I'm not an expert on any of this and I pick up most of this stuff by just lurking on reddit, so take anything I say with a grain of salt. Corrections are always welcome.
@_date: 2013-08-30 20:01:09
Your data is incorrect.
For anybody wondering, the real data is available from the PubNub data service that Humble is using. Snoop on your browser's traffic and you'll see a bunch of requests to humble.pubnub.com. They look like 
The data I got back from that can be seen here (after being run through a JSON formatter, since it was an unreadable mess): 
That contains a handful of responses over time, each of which looks like:
      {
         "timestamp":1377891573,
         "product":"paradox_weekly",
         "_timestamp":1377891573,
         "stats":{
            "rawtotal":524299.64668200002,
            "goodwill":null,
            "numberofcontributions":{
               "windows":113066,
               "mac":8028,
               "total":126269.0,
               "android":0,
               "linux":3124
            },
            "raw_processor_totals":{
               "coinbase":3696.5
            },
            "number_of_contributions_by_processor":{
               "coinbase":729
            },
            "rawplatformtotals":{
               "windows":451559.71999999997,
               "mac":42541.800000000003,
               "android":0.0,
               "linux":22819.220000000001
            }
         }
      }
So it's fairly easy to see that there've been 729 payments via coinbase, for a total of $3,696.50. That's an actual average of $5.07, which is above the overall average.
@_date: 2013-03-29 20:25:12
I was going to suggest that you try asking in r/ripplers, but then I noticed that you already posted there about a month ago. I've been in the same boat as you, not quite getting it. I just read that whole thread and I think I'm just going to push Ripple out of my brain for a while. The core concept makes sense but the whole thing still makes me feel like an idiot.
@_date: 2013-02-01 22:14:30
That's the gist of it, yeah. You buy a prepaid VISA or Mastercard or whatever that's reloadable, and when it gets low you can buy a MoneyPak to top it back up either online or in the store. They have a list of them (and other ways to use the paks) at 
That said, I've never actually bought or used one. I got irritated with Mt Gox / Dwolla at one point and started researching alternative ways to get my hands on USD quickly without involving any banks or having to deal with other people and that seemed like a solid option.
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:37:25
Why would someone buy a Steam gift card or a prepaid credit card for themselves to do the exact same thing? Because it's money that you can use over the internet... except you can't do person to person exchanges with them, and you can't use them at certain places that require that a card be registered to a certain mailing address (I witnessed this somewhat recently when a friend tried to buy a cell phone with a prepaid card), you can't convert the balance back to your currency if you need to, and with store-specific gift cards you can't use them anywhere else. Where's the benefit for anybody in *that* system?
@_date: 2013-05-01 18:42:49
Thank you. The price has been trending downward for a bit now and people with huge positions are bailing before they lose too much. Enough of them do that and the price plummets, and now everybody else is scrambling to do the same so it plummets further. It's not a DDOS and it's not any sort of manipulation. It's a market with no liquidity doing what markets with no liquidity do.
@_date: 2013-03-30 17:35:41


You're effectively chopping a 1 BTC input into two outputs and sending one to him and one back to yourself. He never received the full thing, just his part of it. It's like if you could cut a $20 bill in half and get two brand new $10s out of it, giving one to him and putting the other back in your wallet. The original $20 bill is gone, but its value remains in the system as a whole.
@_date: 2013-04-09 16:22:41
That's a valid question. They obviously can't list a static BTC price, but they can show a price that's sensible for the customer's region. They tell the payment processor to handle this order for $9.99, the processor tells the customer to send an equivalent amount of bitcoins plus maybe a small fee, and hopefully everybody's happy. I don't think it's perfect by any stretch of the imagination, but it's the best thing we've got right now that doesn't involve essentially taking out a microloan from a credit card company and paying it back with interest. It's the closest we can get to a cash transaction over the internet.
Where it might get weird is price disparities between regions. Down in Kangarooland (I'm avoiding the name of the country because of a horrible bot that flips all of your text if you say it -- no offence intended, Aussies) I understand games are much more expensive for some reason. I'm not sure if that applies to Steam as well, but if so then I don't know what sort of complexities that might introduce if now there was a completely nationless currency thrown into the mix. Maybe it'd force a leveling of the price. Maybe they'd find some other way to do it. I don't really know.
@_date: 2013-05-14 04:40:36
Being a developer, I know how that goes. I appreciate the hell out of the attempt and the reply, though. For what it's worth, I happened to remember an old twitter account I had kicking around that I used strictly for authentication, so I managed to get in. Just don't get me started on the fact that I couldn't link it to my primary email because that was already linked to the Google account that I couldn't use in the app. ;)
@_date: 2013-05-10 16:30:29
Speaking of differences between the app and the site... The site lets you log in using a plain old Google account but in the app it's strictly Google+. The distinction is kind of subtle, but I honestly have zero interest in setting up a public profile for Google+.
@_date: 2013-02-21 16:43:11
It's not his first time. recently posted about how he found a bunch of old coins on a hard drive he forgot about or thought was dead or something, and ended up tipping me a full BTC for some advice on what to do with his newfound riches.
Even better, he actually tried to tip me a couple of times but for some reason it kept failing. We exchanged a few messages and he ultimately tipped directly to my BTC address. He went out of his way to get it to me.
Oh, and I was also instructed to use it for beer. My first few after that were dedicated to him. :D
@_date: 2013-07-29 20:46:41
Wow, a reply to an almost four month old comment! Caught me off guard there. :)
It's been a while since I've paid much attention to the bitcoin payment processors, but last I knew [BitPay]( and [Coinbase]( were the big players. I'm not too familiar with BitPay, but I've used Coinbase to buy both [Humble Bundles]( (pay what you want for indie game and book bundles) and Reddit Gold.
@_date: 2013-09-12 16:43:41
Thank you for posting this. I actually sought out this thread specifically to debunk any bullshit claims of bitcoins being way under the average. I posted [something absurdly similar]( a couple of weeks ago when witcoin was posting that crap again (and subsequently deleted his comment).
@_date: 2013-04-04 21:04:03
There is absolutely nothing interesting or innovative about this project. I think you just want an easy $5,750 for spending 30 minutes making a ticker app.