@_author: ch4tty
@_date: 2018-08-25 00:09:23
So perhaps bitcoincash doesnt have as much hashpower it seems? ;)
Who knows?
@_date: 2017-08-26 16:30:58
I runned Bitcoin Core v0.12.1 just because i didnt want segwit to activate in the beginning, so i have just runned it since it have no "unknown" Service running.. It was up to date earlier today when i decided to run Bitcoin Core v0.14.0 to support Segwit after all.. But when i started v0.14.0 it was suddenly not in sync anymore(I can always switche between these to since they share the same blockchain and run it from the same dir(I have had them both installed but runned v12 sometimes and v14 other times without any issues..
But when i today loaded core v0.14.0 after have fully synced v0.12.1 it was 2 days behind. I was thinking what? (my transactions was there and so on, but not all the blocks) so i let it sync, (almost all the way to sync, i stopped 3 hours before so i could run v0.12.1 to see if i could see something suspocious or what not) 
But then i suddenly got the error(while starting the qt) that it has detected an unsopported or unvalid or something like that -chain and the options to abort or reload the blockchain. I pressed abort and hoping i could just skip this and sync from the point i was one hour ago, but no, that i could not, so i tried to choose the reload the blockchain and hoped it just needed to check something, but then it started loading the blockchain from all over again.. 
I then closed v.0.12.1 and started 0.14.0 since it had to have the valid blockchain as it was 2 days behind when the other was not and so on, but then this qt was also loading from 8 years ago..
I really dont like this, what could have happned here?
@_date: 2017-08-26 21:38:48
We should also do something to make the network structure better.. Just think about geometry, how much better structures you could make when you use 12 and 12.. So why is it that the nodes connects to 8 others? And not 12? 
This would make the network much more robust, and decentralized, and should be VERY easy to fix? It will not make it as easy for ISP's to f*** with, and netsplits would be less possible! (24 peers would be even better!)
@_date: 2017-08-26 21:35:11
I have some toughts i want to share that would fix this issue! We should add/implement variable  and  (Also variable to an extend perhaps)
When  is over 10k  and when UTOX(Unconfirmed Transactions) is over 40-50k Transactions  and something in between(e.g max_block_size_3600kb when over 30k)
And at the same time  - We should add  let say 60kb and if variable block size limits are implented we should have it  when over 40k Unconfirmed Transactions.. This way we will protect both the network, the miners and decentralize the reward from blocks as well as making the network more profitable and secure for everyone as miners would not mine emptly blocks(Often i see that every 50 blocks mined it is at least 1 or 2, if not more(in average) empty blocks.. If we could remove those the network would mine around 4% extra transactions just by not mining empty blocks(This is done for different reasons by different miners).. And if we anyway are doing a  to raise the block size, could we not add variable blocksize limits? For me this would make a lot more sense than to let miners choose, or to raise it forever..
Just like with the difficulty, the blocksizelimit would change when it detects to much transactions in mempool.. (And if we have different steps, not raising it all the way to maximum at once, it will as mentioned also distribute the reward for mining fee's to all miners, so not one or two miners take all the unconfirmed transactions whenever the mempool fills up(either caused by long time between the blocks of some unknown reason, or by miners mining emptly blocks, or some other issues) though miners mining empty blocks wouldnt be an issue if we had a min_block_size implented as well..
Remember than in the future the only reward miners get is the miningfee, so to decentralize the confirmations of transactions is important, so why not do it right now, if we have an hardfork anyway? Instead of cooping with this later? Thoughts? Please comment! :)I have some toughts i want to share, we should add/implement variable  and  (Also variable to an extend perhaps)
When  is over 10k  and when UTOX(Unconfirmed Transactions) is over 40-50k Transactions  and something in between(e.g max_block_size_3600kb when over 30k)
And at the same time  - We should add  let say 60kb and if variable block size limits are implented we should have it  when over 40k Unconfirmed Transactions.. This way we will protect both the network, the miners and decentralize the reward from blocks as well as making the network more profitable as miners would not mine emptly blocks(Often i see that every 50 blocks mined it is at least 1 or 2, if not more(in average) empty blocks.. If we could remove those the network would mine around 4% extra transactions just by not mining empty blocks(This is done for different reasons by different miners).. And if we anyway are doing a  to raise the block size, could we not add variable blocksize limits? For me this would make a lot more sense than to let miners choose, or to raise it forever..
Just like with the difficulty, the blocksizelimit would change when it detects to much transactions in mempool.. (And if we have different steps, not raising it all the way to maximum at once, it will as mentioned also distribute the reward for mining fee's to all miners, so not one or two miners take all the unconfirmed transactions whenever the mempool fills up(either caused by long time between the blocks of some unknown reason, or by miners mining emptly blocks, or some other issues) though miners mining empty blocks wouldnt be an issue if we had a min_block_size implented as well..
Remember than in the future the only reward miners get is the miningfee, so to decentralize the confirmations of transactions is important, so why not do it right now, if we have an hardfork anyway? Instead of cooping with this later? Thoughts? Please comment! :)
@_date: 2017-08-27 05:05:49
But why dont you agree with an variable block size? It is just to implent an easy algorythm that raises the blocksize when it is a lot of unconfirmed transactions, and lower it when it is few unconfirmed transactions.. ? This will make sure not all transactions are confirmed in some few blocks when most blocks could be empty or have very few transactions(As with a set max-blocksize like with Bitcoin Cash.. 
And at the same time it should be an lower limit to how small the blocks could be, so big miningpools dont mine empty blocks just for the reward.. It doesnt need to be high, but just some kb.. This also could be variable?
Any toughts?
@_date: 2017-06-17 00:22:25
Are we sure he get this money? It is still the fiat monetary system that have him captured.. Maybe they are using him for bitcoin ransoms? (perhaps the wannacry attack also was the united states) just hedging on their own, without having to spend a cent on the dollar in bitcoin. Just persuing the law. Perhaps Trump is a business genious who sees the bubble is going to burst and try to scrap some Bitcoin trough his channels, or the lobbyists? the banks? Who knows who? Maybe they want to supress the Media covering bitcoin untill they have a big enough share of bitcoin to let bitcoin become consensuss all over? 
If so, we have to think outside the box! :) 
@_date: 2017-06-16 23:06:21
If my passport said Nikola Tesla you would have listened to me know, and in 100 years you would have listened to me with the name i have now.. Same story over and over.. But WHY are you still mining with the decimal system and the 10number system.. If you should have any luck with efficiency you have to use the dousin number system(12x12) If you wonder why it is pretty easy, you cant make a core out of 10, but you can make a core when you use 12 and then the corrected PI(3,14 is what you learn at school, and that it is just unlimited decimals after this) But think if you should calculate a number that is e.g: 0.00000000000000000001 x 840000000000000000000000000000'36 or so..
Then you will have a pretty big variable from the real number, compared to what you have if you use the 12 times, so it ends with 00(zeroes) after 19 digits or really 21 since it should end with two zeroes to make it complete, and this is really important for the math not to corrupt it self again(so it is 3.388****************00) I let you calculate the rest so you see how important it is.. Nobody learn anything if they dont try it their self!
You who knows how important this is should look at this as the biggest thing in math and tech ever, since it really makes everything possible.. This is because this is the math from nature. And with that i mean it has the variable the nature has(the ratio) So if you want to calculate the volume of the core of an atom or so you suddenly get a number with a stable variable e.g Between 8 and 12(this example is just random numbers) but when you have the same variable or ratio at the end of every calculation you know what to expect, not like the unlimited PI that makes a unlimited cancer "word" to everything it touches.. And this is really important also when it comes to computers since computers are built of humans that uses math with 10x and 3,14 as PI (they have some formels to make up for it, but it is just a patch, not an real alternative) They are still producing unlimited unwanted things(The unknown 0.00001% multiplied with eternity! That makes for a REALLY big power LOSS!
So i hope you understan how much better it is with 19 or 21 digits after 3 and a positive and negative ratio you know the maximum variable for.. (I know it, but i cant explain it without anyone else trying to figure it out, because then it just seems rubbish)
And if you wonder why it is a variable, it is because living atoms, they exhale and inhales, they get bigger and smaller in pulses, as everything else. So with this formel we can really end the consumption of power, since we will have all the power we need just as long we get it to start "swinging" or "pumping" or pulsing, living is another word for it:)
I hope i dont come out to "naugthy" here, but i dont have a clue which people i should give this too, and i know if the right miners figure out this math they can mine all the restoring bitcoins in a day without loosing any security.. And all the other power can be used well to start up a gravity generator or something...
Tesla really gave us all the answers, so why are we using thomas edisons solutions to capitalise and suppress tesla's ideas? When edisons products drain all the power from Tesla's, so tesla's and mother nature cant work. (because that is what tesla really figured out, how the natural energy works.. And he tried to show people how to use it in the right matter without making unbalance in nature.. But Edison only saw fast money and didnt want to hear about free and wireless electricity to everyone with just on tower, as well as wireless communication.. This by using the static field from the planet, and send the signals in a very low energy but high voltage, so wifi is really strong enough to use as a world wide power and communication divice(Just one router for everyone) But the problem is now with all the copper cables, and all the electromagnetic fields everywhere, this is not possible without turning it all of.. That is why we should start the war here, where we started the "war" at free valute, now at free software.. And NOW for free energy! Can you do this? I have given you what you need of information, so if at least 12 of you(preferably 36-48 of you) read this and understand and accept this and really try to figure it out and talk to people about it. It is enough to start it up, just like life.. But you have to try! Because it all starts in the mind, and without understanding the tech or math, or solutions are not worth anything, because it will just be empored and bootstrapped and used to earn money of some people who is not smart enough to see we dont need money if this works out! But they never let it go enough time!
So please work this out from inside like you do already with software, just do the math right!!!!
Thanks for reading, and taking it seriously! I will share more when i see some efforts to figure this out! And please forget everything you have learned at school. You only need to could divide and multiplie 12 with 3,4,6 and 2 to do everything (If you know what a matrix is you should start to understand)
Namaste fellow selfsustainers and inovaiters :)
Found the rest of it, i wrote it a year ago in a mining post! lol!
