@_author: chadboudreau
@_date: 2019-04-26 02:39:19
Out of curiosity, when I was testing it months ago, I failed entirely to block traffic to/from bravr with Windows firewall.  Any idea if they fixed that?
@_date: 2019-04-24 06:18:48
Doesn't it have to be a security before naked shorting is disallowed?  Are we calling btc a security now?
Even if bitcoin were a security, what they would be shorting is a derivative created to track the price of bitcoin, and if the buyers and sellers of actual btc take price queues from that then it isn't td bank's problem.
In reality, this is precisely the reason it is silly to presume that bitcoin is supply limited.  The market is genuinely free to create derivatives of bitcoin that are backed by institutions and use up to an infinite supply to prevent investment demand from inflating the price.
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:28:00
Treasuries are not the kind of contract that can be "called in".
They can be sold on the open market, which would temporarily reduce the government's ability to sell new ones...but the government has the ability to print money instead of selling securities, if it chose.   IF inflation happens from that, which is not guaranteed, it would be essentially a tax on wealth, but wages would likely keep up, so...bring it on.
Also IF inflation, which again is not guaranteed, the value of crypto would explode, so...bring it on :D
Actually the value of crypto would likely explode just from the fear of inflation, so...yay for monetary expansion
@_date: 2019-05-02 17:51:42
That feels pedantic...
But I feel the same about governmental efforts to destroy cryptography.  So pedantry away!  Pedant away?  Something?  Anyways
Some problems with the random number generator argument are 
A. The results aren't random.  They represent the thing, where if they were purely random they would not represent a predictable thing.  (Yes I know how cryptography works, that's not really what we are talking about here)
 b. If the results are purely random, then they do not have any protections against the law, as they cannot be political speech or property.
C.  Modern governments have ALWAYS placed restrictions on cryptography.  Certain kinds meet the definitions of dual use technology, and are prohibited as export to certain countries.
Also d. Uh...governments are pretty tyrannical already without banning cryptocurrencies, and well...pinnacle might be a bit...generous
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:03:49
Don't you mean is't.  :D
@_date: 2019-05-13 17:32:28
Are you saying that alphanumeric strings are protected by the first amendment, or the fourth?
Also yes, the compliance on the gold prohibition WAS low... but your question was could they prohibit bitcoin, not "Would that prohibition work" xD 
And the answer is yes, yes they can...but it wouldn't work.  It might be entirely legal for me to print my address on a shirt, but it could still be illegal to transmit any key electronically that interacts with a blockchain. 
  I'm sure it absolutely would never happen. And it would work about as well as forbidding anybody from sharing the key to rip DVDs.
@_date: 2019-05-03 00:34:22


...because then it's not property? Once you've curated that particular string and declared it special, it's no longer a random string.
Honestly the migraine I had got bad enough that I'm not sober enough to answer properly, sorry :(
But I would like to add that if I put dime bags of coke in some plastic balls, and let you generate random codes that could claim those units of drugs, I think you would find that the intentional attempt to produce that random number would become a crime.  The government could criminalize cryptocurrencies and treat them the same way.
They would be idiotic if they did that...but they COULD do that.  That's one of the reasons why I think someone should try to sue the IRS to try and get them to accept btc in order to pay for the gift tax on a transfer of btc. It would give the government pause on such an act
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:32:10
It is not up to you to decide which money the USA uses.  Once upon a time people used subway tokens as money in places that had no subways, until the government ordered them to knock it off.  The government probably will not interfere with crypto in that way, but they certainly have the right to.  Also the power, they have the power too.
@_date: 2019-05-04 00:45:37
It'll be another 20 hours or so...at least I warned you before I did the thing though
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:19:01
Why would the legal fight be massive?  The government already banned the ability of people to use alternative currencies, they merely would have to impose laws and legal precedents that are already established.
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:17:07
Not paying your taxes = inflation, not a reduced capacity of the government to spend.  Also they could elect to just take the money by force.
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:52:25
What that random string represents has bearing on whether it is legal.  I cannot say "this is just a random string of digits, not kiddy porn" or for something less hyperbolic "this is just a random string of digits, not the key to break drm on dvds"
I'm sure they won't try to stop us from owning or using bitcoin...but they certainly have the right to try.
Also, like those things above, they have no guarantee of success
Edit:  I'd love to dare them to stop me with a meaningful amount of btc, if anyone wants to create a martyr.  15M85NkmEPr5A9TwYrTGDqdcGKfMnLwBpZ
@_date: 2019-05-13 09:29:13
Holy crap that was a terrible 10 days :(
I have kind of lost the train of thought of our conversation, but I don't like having just bounced like that, sorry about that.
I am serious about the curation thing though.  It's like walking down the beach and picking up a rock.  The rocks on the beach were random, but the one you decide to declare your property isn't random...  It used to be a random rock, but now it's the rock you chose.  The government can't restrict the existence of rocks washing up out of the ocean, but it absolutely can forbid you from owning rocks from the ocean.
It can also forbid you from owning gold if it wanted to.
It is the curation that changes it from random string to property.  You picked up the unique rock.  Now...does it recover it's random properties if you throw it back?  Probably.  Until you throw it back, it's your property, that rock you liked from the beach, with all the rights and restrictions inherent to property.
That's why I say it can't be both purely random AND property at the same time. 
Can the government stop you from owning or using  bitcoin?  Lol no.  But they COULD forbid it.
@_date: 2019-05-02 17:23:23
I agree wholeheartily that i am being hyperbolic with the kiddy porn comparison, and that it does not apply with any sort of honesty.
My point was that random strings of digits represent things.  When those things are outlawed, those random strings are as well.  The outlawed thing does not become legal simply because it is reprented by random strings of digits.
There are plenty of things I am not allowed to own.  The right to own them does not magically get created just because I found a way to express ownership via math.
That said, if someone randomly gave me 1000 btc, I would absolutely sue the IRS to try and create the right to pay my federal taxes in btc.  If successful, that precedent would change everything
Edit: I'm not asking for 1000 btc, but anyone who receives that much as a gift should absolutely pursue that case proactively