@_author: chadchemist
@_date: 2014-02-01 22:31:39
Instead of starting with a home run - getting an international corporation to change its payment policies, why not start with a small 'proof of concept' request? Specifically I suggest you ask corporate for permission to install a bitcoin ATM for the purpose of increasing foot traffic. The article linked below cites 81 new customers on the first day, with a total of $10k transactions ($123 avg). Other articles cite up to $1M in BTC transactions per month (at a max of $3k per transaction, that is 330 customer visits per month, at $123 it is 8k customers - you'll be in between... ). Even a fraction of this performance would bring you publicity, new customers, increased sales, and make a compelling argument to corporate that BTC is worth investigating... 
Perhaps while discussing the matters with corporate (if you find someone receptive to innovation) you could pass along a suggestion from Andreas Antonopoulos... M-of-N (multiparty transactions akin to ebay, and already supported by the block chain) could be integrated with UPS/other carriers such that BTCs are only released when the delivery scan takes place. UPS could have a big first mover advantage by implementing this new technology... or they could wait until FedEx does it and try to catch up :-)
If you like the idea of starting with a BTC ATM before trying to get permission for BTC payments, please let me collect the commission!!! I live in the SF Bay area, and can help you get started.
@_date: 2014-02-02 20:41:16
Per the manufacturers, installation costs $15-20k, which is quickly recouped by profit. Regulations and government fees are dealt with by the ATM manufacturer. 
If it cost 'tens of millions of dollars' to install an ATM, there wouldn't be one on every corner. If you have information supporting your assertion, please provide a citation.
@_date: 2014-02-02 20:53:25
If you're looking for a partner, let me know. Please see my initial post near the top of this discussion...  I'll be a co-investor - and you keep the publicity and foot traffic  :-) 
@_date: 2014-02-02 22:27:16
Yes, deflation leads to people holding rather than spending their money, which reduces economic activity and can cause a recession. However there is an underlying assumption that the currency being talked about is the primary/sole means of exchange common to all economic players: wage earners, investors, suppliers, etc... such as a fiat currency with no alternative in that economic community.
So of course, if BTC were the only currency in the world, deflation would be a major problem. However, BTC is not a mandated replacement for fiat currency, only an alternative investment/exchange mechanism.
The fact that BTC will eventually be deflationary only means that the value of BTC will rise as more people hold it. Years from now when its value stabilizes in year-to-year terms, investors will not want to hold BTC for speculation (because other investments will have higher return). A slow exit of speculators due to diminishing profit will cause a downward pressure on BTC-to-fiat prices, to balance/counteract upward pressure from the demand caused by new users. 
The net result should be a rise in price during adoption (slope depending on the rate of adoption and speculation), then many years from now when the user base comes to equilibrium/saturation (not 100% adoption, just stagnation of the userbase) BTC should have minimal deflation. 