@_author: chad_the_impaler
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:49:29
Yes it's different - but why is that better? Edit: Also I'd argue the defining/most appealing characteristic of bitcoin is the next-to-zero transaction fees for customers/companies all over the world.
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:46:11
Yeah but that's my point - a built in interest rate encourages hoarding over investing. That's why I invest my money now in mutual funds/stocks/etc - because they offer an better return on my investment than it would sitting in my bank or stuffed under my mattress. Ultimately everyone investing/spending is better for the economy than everyone saving.
Regarding your computer analogy - when you buy a computer, you actually *get* something, a newer faster computer. When you hoard bitcoins you get nothing.
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:36:14
Can somebody please explain this to me? It seems to me that bitcoin is ultimately a deflationary currency. Imagine when all the bitcoins have been mined. With a set amount of bitcoins and a rising amount of total wealth/prosperity (as is the trend since the beginning of time) won't a single bitcoin be worth a larger amount as time passes?
Therefore it would be rational to save bitcoins, unlike the dollar. You could have bought 10 slices of pizza for a dollar 50 years ago - if you had saved that dollar, you can't even buy a single slice now. So the dollar ultimately encourages spending and investment while the bitcoin encourages hoarding, which is not a good trait for a currency to have.
Next question - why is there an artificially imposed limit on the number of total bitcoins? Why can't they just keep being released at a slow, linear rate to be more like the dollar and discourage hoarding?
I like the idea of a digital currency created and maintained outside of the realm of govt - just not sure bitcoin is the digital currency of the future.
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:48:37
Yeah but if it's to succeed, it needs to be in demand. Doesn't this mean that, by it's nature, bitcoin's failure is inevitable?