@_author: chadsichello
@_date: 2018-01-10 23:17:11
I'm glad you've got a system in place.  I do believe that you're one of the very few who do however.  And I expect as people age (and realize that buses do hit people everyday) and find that there is no well-designed system to pass along their crypto assets, the need for this system will come under great demand.  It's the entire reason that many banks have the name trust in their name.  Trust and estate management are a huge part of banks business.  It's an incredibly lucrative business, which means that there is a lot of excess fat that can be cut in this space through the use of blockchain while still providing for a very profitable and sustainable business.  
Everything that you've described above is the reason that wills and trusts exist.  Dealing with death and ownership is one of the founding principles of law.   The other principle is that families are complex, so wills and trust law is quite well founded to accommodate almost every scenario that you could imagine.  Putting all that into place for the cryptocurrency space however, is a new challenge.  Designing a system that manages all of that in a secure and easy to use smart contract that can't be outsmarted or frauded, such as all your siblings and mom getting together to unlock your wallet, is necessary.
Using your example, let's say that your mom and siblings decide to steal your money.  Currently, you're hooped.  They can take your money and run.  But if you have your actual key locked up under a smart contract that requires a death certificate to be validated as part of the unlocking process of that smart contract, along with 2/3's of the signatures of all living members of your beneficiaries, then you're protected.  This is why the death registry exists.  Without that, your bitcoins are protected.  There is also the matter of mental incapacitation (you are brain dead but alive, which means you don't have a living will or POA in place, which is just plain reckless IMO) and how that is dealt with by the smart contract.  And that's just the handling of your will... what about your wishes on how that money is used after you're gone?
My favourite example of the use of assets after death is the common and unfortunate example of two parents dying with young children.  I'll use myself as an example.   My wife and I's combined life insurance equates to around $2 million dollars.  This is enough to support my children after we have died, pay for their education and leave them something for them when they mature.  Now, here's the kicker.  If we die, our kids go to my brother and his wife to be cared for.  But my brother does not handle the money for them.  Instead the money goes to a trust company to be managed on behalf of my children.  Now, I trust my brother, but I trust him with me alive and without $2 million in his pocket.  Money changes people, which is why the money from that life insurance does not go into his pocket to be managed for them, but rather into a trust companies management to be handled for them with strict instructions in my will on how it should be distributed.  So, if my brother and his wife need to build an addition onto their home to house my kids, that's a reasonable request and it will be granted.  But he lives in a $400,000 home and the addition costs $1,000,000... there's a problem.  Also if my brother needs a bigger car to haul the kids around, that's reasonable, but he doesn't need the latest Porsche Cayenne Turbo to do it.  So this is where the trust comes into play.  Everything comes down the legal construct of "reasonable", and what would a reasonable person do in those circumstances.  The distributed trust and smart will needs to be designed to act in the same way. 
It's a very complex problem, but we're starting off with the simple management of crypto-assets first before we move into life insurance, etc.  But we'll get there eventually as well.  I'd love your feedback on this concept and please poke holes in the above.  
@_date: 2018-01-09 18:18:12
The problem with this premise is, "What if both you an one of the beneficiaries drive off a cliff together?"  In the scenario you've described, your bitcoins are lost to the void forever.  
Or another great example is if you and *all* your beneficiaries drive off a cliff in a bus together (fun family trip), what happens then?  And that's just one of a thousand different eventualities.  Life happens, be prepared for it.  
This is an inherent problem with the blockchain and one we're working to solve using smart wills and trusts to reduce the cost associated with setting up and managing complex situations, but also to manage the crypto-assets out there that could be lost unless something is put into place soon.  