@_author: chaddibuoy
@_date: 2017-12-28 17:38:44
No! Let someone else explain why. But NO!
@_date: 2017-12-28 17:42:44
I’ve had countless problems and mini heart attacks with the xrp wallet. Though the ledger hardware would never get affected. They did push out an update a few days ago and I used it once after that with no issues.
@_date: 2017-07-13 12:40:34
1.) it's called Bitpanda and yes they have been fairly successful in doing what they're supposed to do.
2.) I haven't bought any crypto from an Austrian post office myself, but I have sources that confirm that while fees may not be as high as BitcoinATMs, they're still high. Someone got 47 Euros out of a 50 Euro voucher.
3.) Austria has a population of 8 Million and the market isn't big enough for overseas companies like Coinbase. 
4.) Austrian bureaucracy is well, extremely bureaucratic and the legislation and laws regarding Crypto is still a blur more or less. 
5.) I'm an Austrian citizen who works abroad. The bank that I use is one of the best in Austria and when I asked if they knew what Bitcoin was they linked it to money laundering. Further proof is a colleague of mine who's account has been frozen when he liquidated BTC into his account. He didn't lose his money but closed his account and moved to a new bank. What I'm trying to say is that it is still not as consumer friendly as all of the recent news might suggest to use cryptos as a payment method.
6.) Elections will be happening later in September and the mandate will likely go to the far right or Center right, or a combination of both. The candidate that seems most likely to win is young dynamic and a guy who welcomes change. But to be honest, I still do not see proper regulation in the next year or two. 
7.) One thing is clear. The fact that a post office, a state owned entity (1800 in total and eventually all will sell Crypto vouchers, at least that's what the local newspaper says), is selling these vouchers, is good and big news, and it gives validation that Austria is close to legalising and regulating cryptocurrencies. 
8.) Austria will get the EU presidency in 2018. If adoption, legalisation and regulation is to happen next year, it could have EU wide (positive) consequences. But that is just pure speculation.
Bear in mind that the post offices are using Bitpanda as a third party and are not legally liable in any of this. But fingers crossed and let's hope that this helps in more awareness and wider adoption.
EDIT 1: similarly, you can also go to a Trafik (tobacco and newspaper shops) in Austria, and buy Bitcoin vouchers there too. Those shops are in the tens of thousands throughout Austria. I think this started in 2016.
@_date: 2017-06-24 18:35:43
I've personally faced delays (up to a day) but it all worked out in the end. However I did have a few restless nights with Polo and started moving all of my portfolio slowly to my ledger and a bit to bittrex for trading. I currently hold 5 percent of my total holding on polo which I'm comfortable with. 
@_date: 2017-06-12 21:20:49
Where is this exactly in Pakistan? 