@_author: chagataichinua
@_date: 2015-12-24 15:32:11
Originally you said that with respect to bulk collection, "it is far more complex" an issue than simply being "clearly against the spirit of the 4th Amendment," and I questioned you, saying "I don't see what interpretive approach one could take to that text whereby collecting everything a person says or does and storing it up until you want to look at can be seen as consistent with [the 4th amendment's] dictum."
You chose not to address that question in any substantive way, and simply made some sweeping and unsubstantiated assertions (e.g. "The Constitution does not protect the search of third party transactions," "The NSA isn't collecting the info") and concluded by saying "if you call [bulk collection] unconstitutional you are just ignorant."
I have cited three extremely qualified legal minds that assert exactly that. 
Again, you fail to address this and simply point out that no federal judge has ruled bulk collection unconstitutional. The ruling I cited, Klayman v Obama, granted (but stayed) a preliminary injunction on the bulk collection program. To reach that decision, Judge Leon had to consider if the plaintiff has a substantial likelihood of success on the merits, if the plaintiff would suffer irreparable injury without an injunction, if other parties would be substantially injured by an injunction, and if it would further the public interest. He found in the affirmative on all of these questions. 
The question of substantial likelihood of success turned on these questions - is bulk collection and analysis a search, and is there a substantial likelihood that the search will be found unconstitutional. Quoting the section titles, "the collection and analysis of telephony metadata constitutes a search," and "there is a significant likelihood that plaintiffs will succeed in showing that the searches are unreasonable." In particular, "plaintiffs have a substantial likelihood of showing that their privacy interests outweigh the Government's interest in collecting and analyzing bulk telephony metadata and therefore the NSA's bulk collection is indeed an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment." 
You claimed that I simply read the headline and "misrepresent the truth and [...] run with it," when in fact I said that "federal judge calls NSA bulk collection unconstitutional."  I suggest you read [the ruling]( yourself, it's a good discussion of the legal issues, and is replete with excellent quotes as well. 
So now that we've established that you are wrong to say that it is a "lot more complex" than simply applying the Fourth Amendment to bulk collection and finding it unreasonable, and also that you are wrong to say "if you call it unconstitutional you are just ignorant," and that you were wrong to say that I "misrepresent[ed] the truth" about the ruling, perhaps you would like to make even one single claim or statement about this issue with even one supporting reference? Each time I've addressed your comments, you've simply moved the goalposts and changed the subject, and you have yet to support your outlandish claims in any way. 
If instead you choose to fall back on unsupported and false assertions, I will not be taking the time to craft a fourth and certainly equally fruitless reply.
@_date: 2015-12-24 04:29:19


Federal judge calls NSA bulk collection unconstitutional [Wikipedia]( [Boston Globe]( [The Hill]( Google for many more stories of this sort. 
Harvard professor calls NSA bulk collection unconstitutional [Harvard Journal of Law and Public Policy](
ACLU Attorney (Yale, Harvard Law) who argued and won the case that got the Section 215-based bulk collection stopped, calls NSA bulk collection unconstitutional [Columbia Law School]( [ACLU Bio](
@_date: 2015-12-24 18:49:00
You've chosen to continue making unsubstantiated assertions, and it's clear that when I provide references that refute your claims, you simply ignore your original claim and start talking about something else. It's not reasonable to expect me now to explain what findings of fact are, and why the Justia website disclaimer has nothing to do with the legal significance of Judge Leon's ruling (not finding of fact) that granted a preliminary injunction, or why nothing I have said is a claim that you must prove something isn't unconstitutional. So, as I said in my last reply, I'll end my part of our conversation here.
Happy holidays :)
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:44:47
Current mass surveillance practice is literally to collect everything - every email, text message, phone conversation, location of your phone - and store it, without a warrant. That's NSA and GCHQ. NSA decided that collecting everything didn't count as collecting until they looked at what they collected, so once they get a warrant for something, they can look at the whole corpus that is already in the database. Plus even to that it appears they decided there are exceptions where they don't need a warrant to look at a US Person's data. 
Contrast that with "[t]he right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated." You say it is "far more complex" to view current practice as incompatible with the 4th Amendment, but I don't see what interpretive approach one could take to that text whereby collecting everything a person says or does and storing it up until you want to look at can be seen as consistent with its dictum.
@_date: 2015-10-26 14:51:00
I don't disagree that reasonable suspicion is not the standard for arrest. But [Terry v. Ohio]( says that the police may briefly detain and even search a person under the reasonable suspicion standard. So when a person is stopped on the street and immediately goes into this "am I being detained / where is the probable cause" routine, they are off base. The LEO does not need probable cause to stop them, to ask them questions, or even to frisk them for weapons, under Terry. 
[This Nolo Press article]( has a good explanation of the differences between being arrested and being detained beyond the brief detention implicit in a stop of any kind. A key point is that there is no bright line here, and that length of the stop is only one of the factors. The article cites a case where someone was literally handcuffed and held in a squad car and the court did not find that this rose to the level of an arrest.
edit: "held in a squad card" -&gt; "held in a squad car"
@_date: 2015-10-26 14:23:24
The standard for detaining someone isn't probable cause, it's [reasonable suspicion]( Also, although the reasonable suspicion has to be based on articulable facts and reasonable inferences from these, the police are not obliged to explain their reasoning to someone they are detaining.
So, if you ask if you are being detained, and the answer is yes, then you can ask what specific and articulable facts are the basis for your detention, which may remind the specific LEO with whom you are interacting that there is an actual legal standard to be met. But if the LEO says it's none of your business, he's correct. You can challenge the detention (and all its fruits) in court at a later time, and then the LEO will be obliged to articulate the facts and inferences upon which the detention was based.
@_date: 2016-05-02 19:29:48
law enforcement and the national security apparatus equivalents