@_author: chakalakasp
@_date: 2017-12-23 03:44:01
Right, but you’re making a case that this IS a bubble, not that it’s a great (ethereal) speculative commodity.  When rando normies who don’t usually invest or who know nothing about what they are investing in start pouring money into a rapidly rising asset, that’s a sign that you’re entering the terminal climb of a classic craze.  Why did everyone buy tulips/stocks on margin/CDOs/dotcom stocks?  Because they kept going up and up and up and up, there was so much money to make, it’s a new paradigm, only fools didn’t get in!  Until it wasn’t.  Back in the dotcom boom, a couple of jackasses could start a .com company and write up some bullshit about how they were going to integrate Bluetooth and Wi-Fi into ecommerce and hey presto people threw so much money at them that these people were buying Super Bowl ads.   Forums, much like this, sprung up on Yahoo and Usenet to pump pump pump those stocks.  It was one giant rocket ship to the moooooooon!  Until it wasn’t.  Listen to a little Bloomberg, there are small groups of jackasses out there with companies that started weeks ago who slipped the word “blockchain” into their company description and investors are stepping on each other to fire money out of cannons at them.  An iced tea company just said they are pivoting to blockchain and their stock doubled.  These are NOT good signs. 
Bitcoin, or more specifically blockchain, is an incredible piece of technology with a lot of promise.  It is quite brilliant, and anyone who says that it is not doesn’t really understand it.  But is it so much more brilliant today than it was 5 years ago that it can legitimately be said to have gone from $500M market cap to $250,000M market cap, even though it still essentially does nothing, supports no real services, can only handle 4 transactions a second?  I don’t think so.  Even as a money laundering tool or a way to pay for illegal goods, it’s not worth anything near that.  Gambling people and foolish people are throwing money on top of a huge Jenga tower in the hopes it will make it to the moon.  Good luck. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 05:14:09
Good lord, Bitcoin almost rewrites the book on volatility.  How you can read any tea leaves about past dips and make predictions is beyond me.  Eve with more stable investments, past performance is no guarantee of future gains, etc.  If [this]( doesn’t strike you as a classic bubble/craze then I don’t know what would.  It almost mirrors a [classic bubble graph](
@_date: 2017-12-30 22:57:14
I imagine if there was a $48 convenience fee charged every time you wanted to buy anything at all, even a pack of gum, USD would quickly fall out of favor, laws be damned.  
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:45:22
Slow, steady inflation is typical for a currency and is a good thing.  Deflation is baaaaad for a currency if that currency is significantly used to service debt in an economy.  
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:22:52
To your first point - bubbles don’t recover to their craze levels for a very very long time, if ever.   The real post bubble worth of bitcoin might be somewhere near the $1500 level (or lower).  Holding the asset through that kind of crash is the same thing as burning your money.  Investing again at the bottom makes sense if the asset really does have a future.  
To your second point - lots of people couldn’t hold their houses because they didn’t own their assets with their own money, they got a loan from a bank to own their assets.  They couldn’t pay the bank, the bank had to take the house and fire sell it for huge losses.  The CDO’s that markets speculated with crashed out.  The housing market is [nowhere near]( where it peaked.  
@_date: 2017-12-23 13:03:27
This should be in a museum next to a Bear Stearns mug someday.  
@_date: 2017-12-25 04:36:51
So.  Many.  Tears.  
@_date: 2014-02-05 06:44:19
Anything is reasonable to suggest, but it's not reasonable to expect.  All cryptocurrencies have shown themselves to be wildly volatile, which does not a good wealth store make.  Bitcoins are good for speculation if you like gambling.  They don't seem to do so well as a currency at the moment, mostly because of most consumers have zero idea what a BTC is or how to get some, but also even among BTC holders due to wild volatility and bouts of hyperdeflation.   But as they are based on literally nothing and are made of literally nothing and are for the most part are not used to do anything as a currency and have no long-term historical performance data, they're a pretty random and haphazard place to store your money.  
Note that the idea of cryptocurrency is a good one and it will likely change the world.  When charging a nickel for something costs no more to process than charging twenty dollars, lots of new markets and products are going to emerge.  But it's still in its infancy, and no current crypto currency is within a country mile of being developed enough to enact that change.  
@_date: 2016-02-23 06:27:01
Yeah, that seems to fall outside the scope of what I was asking.  Though if we are going down that road, I imagine in a world where the dollar has become valueless, cryptocurrency will be a fondly remembered joke as we all trade in canned goods, firearms, and women.  
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:12:01
No, you are full of crap.  Stop pretending you have secret trader knowledge you do not.  You can correctly guess the chaos math that drives markets from minute to minute and day to day, but you’ll be doing just that - guessing.  You have not arrived at some secret formula to making money. 
Bitcoin investing is a giant roulette wheel.  No big deal
if you recognize that for what it is, but the moment you start trying to sell it as a “just about guaranteed” path to making money, you are nothing short of a shill or a huckster.  
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:58:57
Well yes, anyone with knowledge of the future, such as time travelers, do great at timing the correct entry and exit points.  For everyone else, it’s gambling. 
@_date: 2018-02-18 08:30:35
“Invest in my product!  It helps you get around federal law!  This will never change, unless for some reason it gets really popular and is used a lot to circumvent federal law, then they’ll probably come down pretty hard on it, but that’ll never happen, right?  To the moon!”
@_date: 2018-02-18 08:19:52
So you believe bitcoin’s longterm utility is that it helps people circumvent federal law?  If so, I’ve got some bad news for you.  
@_date: 2018-12-04 02:32:03
A world where bank cards don’t work all the time is a world where cash under the bed wins.  If it’s so bad cash is losing value, then it becomes a world of barter and robbery.  Other than as a covert method of importing foreign currency, I have no clue what use bitcoin would be in that kind of crisis.  Shotguns and canned food would be a better investment.  