@_author: chancegeneral
@_date: 2018-09-19 10:18:17
It's the same every time, isn't it. I wonder if the hope-disappointment roller coaster is going to run out of riders anytime soon. They'll make recommendations and speeches, posture here and put out statements there, but they'll never be able to comprehend the true nature of Bitcoin. 
They'll still sitting on the fence because they're afraid that it's *too* unorthodox for the modern financial system of crooks, liars , and fabrication of money out of thin air. Oh well, maybe someday they'll learn, the fools.
@_date: 2018-09-09 09:50:34
Jesus. This paints a pretty brutal system of how badly the financial system is being abused right now. I can't believe that the US is still getting away with this shit. It's probably because most people are so brainwashed by the Ministry of Truth that they don't even think a second about the poor state that the receiving countries are on. 
Like when Gaddafi established a gold backed currency to trade petrol with. What response did he receive, and old friend and ally of the US? Well you can see Hilary Clinton laughing about killing him:
These people have no human left inside of them.
@_date: 2018-09-08 15:56:09


Hence the huge misunderstanding of the value of Bitcoin. The public are still stuck with the notion that the Fed has everything under control, and that they are just feathering the gas to rev up our economic engine a bit after letting it idle for a few years. 


The sunk cost fallacy. Even the greatest minds in economics are not immune to it. They cannot recognize when enough is enough and it's time to cut losses and move on. This is how the US dollar stumbles on and on.
@_date: 2018-09-15 11:21:39
The point here is that an immense amount of resources are being spent. It's energy or money, still it costs a lot in order to get that metal out of the ground. It's kind of a sunk cost issue that gold mining companies don't want to back out of at this point. They've put a lot of money into the equipment and land so they'll take it out no matter what. 
Bitcoin costs will go down in the future anyway. It's just a matter of time until we figure out the technology and get correct blockchain solutions in place. Remember the first computer? How much energy did that use?