@_author: changloriousbastard
@_date: 2014-04-09 20:59:05
What evidence do you have to support this claim?  The fact that some currencies have collapsed? 
@_date: 2014-04-18 16:32:13
I responded to this elsewhere on the thread, but I'll sum up my points:
1. It costs me 2% to use bitcoin if I'm putting money in and cashing money out using coinbase. 
2. That extra 1% or saves me the hassle of turning USD to bitcoin (and hoping the price doesn't crash while my transfer goes through) and provides me with a lot of buyer protections.  That cost is well worth it.  
@_date: 2014-12-02 02:06:36
Up over what time period? 
@_date: 2014-12-05 15:59:24
You claim that Bitcoin is the opposite of religion simply by saying it is so. Because you like science and don't like religion, you claim what you like (bitcoin) is science and what you don't like (traditional financial institutions) is religion. Simply put, your title is completely detached from your post.
Let's take this trust argument.  You're comparing bitcoins to banks. You say that banks have to have large, cathedral - like buildings to inspire trust, because traditional money is not built on a trustless system in the same way bitcoin is.
Banks are not fiat currency.  They provide a service for users of fiat currency.  In that way, they are like coinbase or any other service provider in the Bitcoin ecosystem. Would you trust a website to store or transmit your bitcoin that didn't at least have a professional looking home page? Or do bitcoin processors have nice looking pages to give off an impression of competency? 
With bitcoin, trustlessness isn't removed,  it's just shifted. With my money, I have to trust that the insurers cover me if the bank collapses. I have to trust the integrity of regulators who make sure my bank handles my money and transactions accurately. In exchange,  I don't have to trust my own security measures. I don't have to trust that the networks I use are not compromised.  I don't have to trust that the places I give money will ultimately give me what I pay for. I don't have to trust those things because I'm protected in the current system.
With bitcoin you trade those trusted protections for all of the untrusted parts.  With bitcoin,  you have to trust the integrity of the network and the protocol. You have to trust that your personal security measures are enough to thwart intruders. You have to trust that the entity you send money to will honor the transaction.
The problems with our current system aren't the fact that there's not a trustless ledger. Bitcoin "fixed" a problem that wasn't really a problem. 
And to go back to the beginning, none of this has anything to do with one being like science and another being like religion.
@_date: 2014-04-07 18:51:55
What I don't understand about Bitcoin and its followers is why inflation is seen as screwing me over?  I'd much rather have an inflationary currency at 2% than an inherently deflationary currency.  
Central banks with the ability increase cash supply have proven to be much more effective at stabilizing economies.  The gold standard was a failed experiment, yet so many Bitcoiners want to return to a similar model... I just don't get it.  
The economic theory behind central banking is strongly supported by real world successes and a general consensus from most academics.  Even Milton Friedman supported the idea of Quantitative Easing in principle.  
@_date: 2014-10-31 20:51:28


Regulation adds accountability and makes it much more difficult to defraud consumers.  Regulations allow the state to penalize for non-compliance.  Penalty structures provide incentive for entities to behave.  


Regulations broke up monopolies and allowed for a more socially productive working environment.  


Not grounded in any sense of reality.  Seriously, there isn't even an ounce of truth in what you said.


There aren't.  There are just laws that mandate minimum standards.  


There is no regulation preventing that.  For exempt employees, they can work that much without increased compensation.  For non-exempt employees, there are minimum overtime standards. 


Are you really that heartless?  Progressive reformed that businesses can still be profitable and innovative even when they're required to pay a decent wage and provide decent working conditions.  The only difference is that the wealthiest people became slightly less wealthy, and a middle class was allowed to grow and prosper. In what ways are American workers worse off now than they were at the turn of the 20th century?   


The general consensus from historians and economists is that progressive reform brought American workers out of poverty. Technology generated wealth before and after reform, but progressives created an environment under which that wealth was used to improve the lives of the working class. 


What the hell are you talking about?  Examining the distribution of wealth isn't hubris, it's a way to analyze the social impact of policy.  


There are more physicians per-capita than there has ever been. Visits to health care providers are higher than they've ever been. Affordable access to insurance is higher than it's ever been.  In what way is access "NOT" better than it's ever been?
Before the progressive era, people could not afford to go to the doctor.  Workers who were injured on the job were often not compensated by their employer.  Even if they could afford to see a doctor, they could not miss work for fear of losing their job.  The fairy tale utopia you think existed in the early 20th century is simply not good history.


Can you list some metrics that support your claim that America has the best health care system?


Oh wait, that's the metric you use. 
First, we have a lot of regulations.  Compare us to a lot of third-world countries and our laws are pretty strict.  If freedom-from-regulation is the metric you're using, we wouldn't rank very highly.  
Second, what does that have to do with health care?  
@_date: 2014-12-18 15:21:31


Way to strawman my argument. This is exactly the kind of crap that makes me really dislike most of the bitcoin community. 
I don't like the technology for a lot of reasons. There are some serious fundamental flaws that prohibit it from being a serious currency. I do like it as a proof of concept for certain types of remittance (Ripple seems to be filling the niche I saw for bitcoin), but that's the upper limit for the technology in my mind. 
I don't think the technology is going to be successful because of the community. Bitcoin has developed an identity and a culture. That identity will be the basis on which potential users will determine if they want to get involved or not. I hate to break it to you, but outside this bubble the mainstream perception of bitcoin is that it is used by scammers, drug dealers and political radicals. The constant pumping and political hyperbole that makes it to places like the front page of /r/ ) bitcoin really enforce the scammer/political radical stereotype.


So? Bitcoin could exist in a complete vacuum, but that doesn't mean it has any value. Bitcoin depends on users. Users aren't going to start using bitcoin when they associate it with the very vocal community.
@_date: 2014-06-30 05:27:32
Why is it rediculous? The only way the comparison would be ridiculous is if the potential investors were not behaving logically. This is simple investment strategy, it's not rocket science.  I just hope that someone about to spend $18million dollars hasn't drunk the koolade that seems to be passed around here 
On second thought, it wouldn't be far fetched to think someone would do something stupid in the name of bitcoin.   It certainly wouldn't be the first time.
@_date: 2014-12-09 18:04:17
It's not a competition, it's a speculative investment.  It's not like coins are hard to come by for less than $420.  
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:55:38
If a good answer emerges, hopefully they can [post here](
Until then, it's pretty clear that there is no compelling reason for you to switch. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 05:11:29
Or they are some of the most knowledgable economic minds with a keen focus on matters involving currency. Though the tech is new, it's not like many of the characteristics are novel. Even beyond what's been done with real world commodities and currencies, there is a lot of economic theory that overlaps with Bitcoin.
Maybe they don't understand the advanced technology aspects as well as some, they certainly understand the economics of the situation far better than nearly anyone else.
@_date: 2014-12-09 18:05:11
Based on you pulling numbers out of your ass?
@_date: 2014-11-20 16:39:37
Here's a legitimate question: 
Let's say I own a business and I do business with someone in Europe. They send me a bill for $1,000,000. How do I transfer that million in bitcoin for free?
First, I have to actually get $1,000,000 in bitcoin. Can you think of a way I could get that many coins without driving up the price due to slippage?
But let's say I already have a million dollars worth of bitcoin. Let's also say the business I'm sending it to already has an address. What security measures would you put in place to handle a transaction of that volume? I would probably only use wallets created on a purpose built machine that doesn't go online, right? What is the cheapest system you could create to feel confident in the security of the transaction?
Let's assume everything went well and the bitcoin made it to the destination securely. How can the recipient withdraw to Euros while avoiding fees and slippage?
Like it or not, the cost of moving large amounts of money are associated with valuable services. Anytime I've been involved with large transactions at work, the fees haven't been a major deterrent. They come with security, insurance, convenience, and the knowledge that the value we send is the value received at the other end.
As it currently stands, I would consider bitcoin to be a terrible vehicle for moving large amounts of value.
@_date: 2014-04-07 22:38:02
That issue is not the only reason deflationary currency is not widely accepted.  In fact, that issue has nothing to do with the underlying problems with deflationary currencies.  
Deflationary currency has two major problems:
1. There are no protections to counter lower economic confidence or issues of liquidity traps.  On a micro-level, there is little incentive to loan or invest when there is uncertainty in the future.  Unless a motivated agent (currently, central banks) adds money into the equation either through either cheap lending or printing money, lending markets freeze.  
2. If currency is deflationary, it will be worth more in the future than it is in the present.  Assuming there is a fixed supply of bitcoin/gold/whatever, if it's widely adopted, it's relative value will always increase.  Investing (and even spending) has a higher opportunity cost compared to a fiat currency.  Right now, there is an inherent incentive to invest or spend money.  When money is circulated, it helps growth, plain and simple.  
No decentralized, deflationary currency can solve either of those problems.   
@_date: 2014-05-19 22:23:44


I'm referring to the interest rate.  The Federal Reserve very clearly broadcasts proposed changes in the interest rate, making for a fairly stable market rate for loans.  


Again, how does a deflationary currency prevent these things from happening?  By limiting the access to debt? 
How do you propose limiting access to debt without stifling investment and growth? 


Robbing workers of excess gains is not a currency issue, it's a political and social issue.  I know we wont agree on this, but the *only* solution for that issue is political and social reform.  It requires aggressive progressive tax rates, pay-disparity regulation and stricter wage standards.  It's not an issue that the market will solve, regardless of the currency used.  


Yes. I agree that there are some utility gains with bitcoin, depending on the application.  But bitcoin is more of a bad currency done well than a good currency done poorly.  As I've stated over and over again, bitcoin is a deflationary currency with a fixed supply.  Yes it does some things well (arguably better than USD), but because of those features it will never succeed on a wide scale as anything other than a payment remittance vehicle.  
@_date: 2014-04-18 21:22:32
A big part of your argument is based on dislike or distrust of the government.  That's fair and I can accept that, but I don't agree with it.  
As a consumer, I just want my currency to be stabile, secure, and safe.  The USD has done all of those things for me, and I trust an entity beholden to me more so than a company beholden to shareholders.  Obviously that's the crux of our disagreement, but that's where I stand.  
As we saw with the collapse in 2008, unregulated private insurers have clear incentive to overleverage, making themselves prone to collapse.  I can't think of any free market answers that would prevent that kind of reckless behavior.  At least with FDIC, the government can take losses and print money to cushion the blow of collapse.  
@_date: 2014-03-21 18:55:41
But BTC isn't even being used as the basic price measure.  Of the retailers that I'm aware of them, the prices aren't set in BTC -- they're set in a common currency (USD/Euro/etc.), then the BTC price is pinned to that base currency.  It's not like the bitcoins are ever showing up on their general ledger.  
You may not think that's an important distinction, but from a business and economic standpoint it truly is.  
Are businesses really adopting bitcoin if it never shows up on their balance sheet?  Accepting it as a payment form does not mean adopting it as a currency or even as a store of wealth.  
I personally think BTC will become anything other than a commodity or a payment method (on par with paypal), and its future as either of those isn't even certain.  
@_date: 2014-12-09 19:02:06


@_date: 2014-12-18 20:46:46
Except how are they going to find out about its merit?  The only people talking about it are the radicals. 
@_date: 2014-04-08 15:05:36
Where exactly did I say that 18% inflation is a good thing? Just because I think a small amount is healthy does not mean that I think all inflation is a good thing. 
Fortunately, reserve banks can help reduce inflation in ways that fixed currencies cannot.
@_date: 2014-12-06 06:07:55
For sure? Does that mean you have proof he bid over market value or are you repeating unsubstantiated claims?
@_date: 2014-04-08 00:01:07
But that 2% inflation isn't hurting anyone. The economy has grown at a pace that exceeds that of inflation.  Quality of life has increased for consumers.  If wealth was distributed evenly, wages would increase faster than inflation... in fact, wages increases have largely kept pace with inflation as is.  
Things cost more, but people get paid more, at least in theory. 
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:22:26
Life must be pretty hard for you, living in such an oppressive state. 
@_date: 2014-04-18 20:22:53
What about insuring against losses incurred with fraudulent transactions.  To me that's just as important as insured deposits and why I'm so comfortable using my debit/credit card.  
Last week my debit card was compromised.  I was immediately notified of potentially fraudulent activity and all of the charges were refunded to my account.  I'm not just worried about someone stealing my bitcoin from my wallet (I can take security into my own hands), I'm worried that the address I send it to could be compromised (something like a man in the middle that spoofs a payment page).  
When recovery is not an option, insurance becomes more expensive. As far as I understand, most of the major exchanges are not insured.  That's problematic for me.  
The FDIC works because of an entity that's deeply interested in maintaining financial confidence; bitcoin doesn't have that and never will (decentralization and all).  I just don't see how bitcoin service providers can profitably add those kind of services for less than established, government backed currencies.   
@_date: 2014-06-29 16:53:56
Your model suggestions the optimal strategy is the strategy that leads to winning the auction. I contend that the optimal strategy is one that yields the most coins for the least amount of money. Bidding over market value in the auction does not yield those results.
@_date: 2014-05-19 19:47:00


I would say, particularly with the dollar, they've been largely successful.  
Since decoupling from gold, the US economy has largely maintained (relatively) stable growth.  I think a fiat currency has proven to be the best tool for fostering investment and mitigating the effects of naturally occurring bubbles.  There have been political blunders and confused government policy, but the currency itself has tempered the effects of those errors.  
Currencies with fixed supply do nothing to prevent bubbles from forming.  Bubbles are a natural result of microeconomic forces (note, "fiat" currencies can't prevent bubbles either).  
With fixed currencies, however, there are no protections in place to promote economic growth, prevent a deflationary spiral or otherwise limit the widespread problems associated with bursting bubbles.  
Here's a question:  How would bitcoin (or similar currency) have prevented the 2008 collapse?  Additionally, how would it have better served people following the 2008 collapse?  


First of all, Keynesians have traditionally bound themselves to stricter and more rigorous standards of publication compared to Austrians.  Austrians notoriously fail to provide mathematic foundations or modeling when they publish.  
Even without that, there is a wealth of Keynesian literature on monetary policy.  I don't know if bitcoin adds anything new to the standard Keynesian view of currency.  
@_date: 2014-12-16 06:28:50
Technically it is possible for two users to randomly generate a private key to an address, meaning both users could essentially "own" the same bitcoin.
As an answer to your question, wouldn't any file secured by a asymmetric cryptography satisfy your conditions?
@_date: 2014-12-18 18:18:27


I did post in those threads, and those were actually pretty good.  I posted and visited a lot more frequently on because the community was better there for a long time. It seems that over time, the community over there started to get more and more obsessed with the idea of another bubble, and a lot of good posters and good conversation fizzled out.  
If you go look at daily threads from a year ago (or even 6 months ago), the climate was very different.  
@_date: 2014-11-20 20:41:33
From my perspective, I don't think there is a dollar amount where it really makes sense at this point.  It's theoretically possible that could change in the future, but I just don't see it being a practical way to move wealth now, unless there are no legal channels through which you could move traditional money. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 22:45:11
How exactly did fractional reserve banking create a financial disaster?  
The "body of evidence" is over half-a-century of steady economic growth and relative stability.  Central banking is not the only reason for the economic growth and stability, but it has certainly helped foster an environment in which global investments could prosper.  
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:55:27
I don't follow.  Are you asking if someone willing to bid over market price ruins my theory that logic does not support a bid above market price?  I guess my answer is no.  It is theoretically possible that someone bid over market price, but I think it unlikely. If they did, I'll argue to the grave that it was an unsound move that was not made with reasonable investment strategies.  
The one caveat that I could see to someone bidding above market price is a business hoping to make a splash with some headlines.  I would question that decision, though, as I would think it difficult for that business to attract investors to support a business that made a bad financial decision like that.  
If your goal is to come out and win an auction, you would obviously bid high.  If your goal is to make a sound investment, bidding over market value is not what you'd do. 
@_date: 2014-04-08 04:32:10
The TV doesn't tell me it's good, the academic community does. I'm hard pressed to find much literature that suggests small amounts of inflation are bad. If you find something, I'd be happy to read it.
@_date: 2014-06-30 05:51:19
I don't mean to put words in your mouth, but you said you were done the comment before that.
Paying over market value leaves cheaper coins on the table. If you are in the business of making money in bitcoins, you want to buy as many coins as you can as cheaply as possible. In turn, you want to sell as many coins as you can for as much as possible.
Buying that much bitcoin above market value does not get you as many coins as possible for as cheaply as possible. Even if (and especially if) you are holding long, it makes more sense to do smaller buys at cheaper prices. Even if you spend over the price you were willing to pay at auction, the dollar cost average would be lower.
@_date: 2014-04-08 04:30:05
On a per dollar basis, no. The whole situation is muddied by a structure that favors the rich over the poor, but that's a fault with our society and laws, not with a reserve currency.
Social inequality aside, if we look at real per capita GDP (measured in 2014 dollars), the value has nearly doubled in the last 20 years. If wealth was distributed evenly, the average person now would have nearly twice as much buying power as they did in 1994.
This growth happened in large part because of the investment and consumer incentives inherent to an inflationary currency.
I mean look at it this way -- what's better for an economy: having a currency that encourages people to either invest or spend, or a currency that encourages people to hold or store wealth reserves? The obvious answer is a currency that is designed to move, flow, and depreciate. 
Beyond that, "fiat" currencies allow for a more stable economy. Interest rates manipulation is a powerful way to stimulate the economy, keep inflation in check, or temper unsustainable growth. The micro forces at play with a deflationary currency undermine the health of the market at large.
@_date: 2014-12-18 23:37:59
It seems extremely unlikely that this is the case. 
First of all, high volume during the sell-off means that a lot of coins are being sold.  If a singular entity were trying to sink the price, they'd have to have a large amount of coins to dump on the market.
There is little evidence to support a mass accumulation of bitcoins by any of the proposed instigators you're suggesting. 
Further, if any of those groups wanted to stop bitcoin they could do it a lot easier than by slowly manipulating exchanges.  Banks and credit card companies could stop allowing payments to bitcoin vendors and essentially crush the flow of money into bitcoin. 
I know a lot of people around here want to blame the government/banks/etc. for destroying bitcoin, but there is literally no evidence to suggest that it's actually happening.  
A far more reasonable explanation is that the supply is outstripping demand.  User adoption has stalled and there are no new avenues in which bitcoin has expanded.  A big supply of coins are mined every day, and miners have to pay the bills.  
@_date: 2014-10-31 16:24:05
A couple of points:
- If anything, bitcoin has proven that unregulated ecosystems are plagued by fraud, theft, and generally unsavory business practices with no clear advantage to the consumer.  MtGox, Neo and Bee, Butterfly Labs, and numerous others were allowed to perpetrate fraud in large part because of the unregulated manner in which they operated.  Bitcoin, by its very nature, makes it much easier to commit fraud.  In which way, did (or could) "voting with our dollars" have prevented or mitigated the risk associated with any of those companies?
- Your point about government making quality go down and cost go up really doesn't line up with reality.  Before progressive regulations in the early 20th century, American workers worked more (and in much worse conditions), and were able to afford considerably less (on average).  


Please elaborate to show me a specific example where regulation has decreased the quality or increased the cost in a way that hurts consumers.  
@_date: 2014-05-19 19:09:51
And, for now at least, the results are inconclusive.  Either way, it's certainly an interesting economic experiment.  
For full disclosure, I'm not at all convinced of the long-term viability of bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency with similar fundamentals. My interest only stems from two parts economic curiosity and one part short-term trading gains.  
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:12:20
It's extremely dangerous to discredit peer-reviewed, mathematically backed analysis.  Sure, it's completely reasonable (and smart) to approach any text with consideration of possible bias, but you can't dismiss hundreds of years of research and academic progress.  


I'm not really sure what you mean when you suggest that Say hasn't been refuted by Keynesians. I'm no expert on Say, but from what I know of his writings, his suggestions have largely been refuted by Keynesians (and to some degree, by Austrians and Chicago folk to).  Whether or not you agree with those refutations is one thing, but to say they don't exist is ingenuine.  
And yes, if you've got something to read I'd like to take a look.  I studied economics and finance and it's something I'm passionate about.  
@_date: 2014-04-07 18:00:29
How is my bank and/or my cash storage screwing me over?  I have cash, and I have a small amount of BTC.  My cash has been a much more stable store of wealth and has proved to have much more utility.  
@_date: 2014-06-30 05:23:18
Your logic is flawed. What is the advantage of buying coins above market cost? If I'm buying 18 million dollars worth of bitcoin at above market value because I anticipate that they'll be worth more than market price, why wouldn't I buy all of the coins priced at market now?
Let's say that there is an investor who wants to buy 30k coins at auction at a value of $650. What would be the motivation? If you think they expect price to reach $650+x why would they not buy every coin they could at a price up to $650? If it's a good investment at $650, it's a better investment at $600.
Right now you can buy over 4000 bitcoin for $650 or less just using what's on the order book on stamp. You could buy another 4000 on bitfinex. That's just what's on the order book now. There are several resistance points on the way to 650 where you could expect to buy a lot more coins.
Obviously a flash buy through the order book is a bad decision, but well timed buys over the course of a month could net tens of thousands of coins at a strong rate. Buying from miners or second market could make acquiring coin easier/cheaper.
With the exception of a tender offer, I cannot think of a situation where an above-market transaction happens on a high volume transaction. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 21:09:39
Well, we do agree that digital currency has been a boon.  
But I think that the ability for central bodies to control the interest rate has been a huge asset to the global economy. It's helpful to all consumers, investors, business owners, and governments to be able to plan and predict the cost of debt.  You could argue that debt is too cheap, but fiat has added a layer of certainty that has helped stabilize the market.  
On your point about wage disparity, you certainly understand that that's a political issue, right?  Income inequality can happen with any currency, including bitcoin.  How exactly would bitcoin make for a more equitable working environment? 
And yes, bitcoin adds nothing new to the broader theory of monetary policy.  It does have some new bells-and-whistles, but at the end of the day it's a decentralized, deflationary currency. I personally think there are some cool features (the blockchain being the biggest), but that doesn't change the core economic viability of the currency.  
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:57:20
You have to understand that for bitcoin to be successful, it has to have value and continue to be used.  Both of those factors rely on a network of users.  Sure, it can technically exist as long as two nodes are operating and a couple of guys are mining on their gaming computers, but it's hard to call that anything other than a failure for bitcoin.  
One analogy that I think is fitting is comparing bitcoin to Facebook vs. Google+.
It's fair to say that in order for a social network to succeed, it needs a critical mass of users.  Though it can technically exist with few users, it can't function the way it was truly designed unless a lot of people use that service.  
Facebook established itself as the de facto social network.  While there were networks that came before it, it was the first to actually become socially ubiquitous on a wide scale.  A lot of users had a lot of problems with it, but it still exists simply because it's so entrenched within internet culture. 
Google + came around, and it offered a lot of advantages and services not provided by Facebook.  People that used it tended to like it, but one thing was missing... the critical mass of users.  
Google + toiled around for a while and found a niche audience, but it never reached it's true potential because there simply weren't enough users that frequented it.  Features that would have been great went unused or underused.  Eventually it kind of fizzled away and now there's speculation that it will close down.  
Even if it stays operational, it's socially irrelevant and by most metrics it has failed.  
Bitcoin is in the same boat. Without a critical mass of users, it can deliver on the following things:
- It can't be a reliable store of value.  With low users, volume will be low and price will be subject to volatility.  
- It won't be a practical currency.  If user adoption stalls and price remains volitile, it will be difficult to convince anyone (especially businesses) to keep bitcoin on their books.  Without bitcoin cycling completely through an economy, it's hard to call bitcoin a currency.  
- It won't be a source for innovation.  If consumer adoption doesn't occur, the pace of outside development will stall or drop.  
Bitcoin needs users to be successful, and it's not really possible to argue against that.  
@_date: 2014-03-21 19:20:22
I mean, yes and no.  BTC is as much scrip as it is currency, at least in the economic sense.  These are all loosely defined terms, and I think that very few people would argue that BTC behaves and is bound to the same factors as commonly accepted currency. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 17:48:38
The free banking system was largely a failure. I have read up on it.
Competing currencies only serve to stifle a free flow of goods and services. The Euro has made it much easier for Europeans to do business on an international scale.  
@_date: 2014-06-30 05:38:37
If you think bitcoin investors are not in the business of making money, then you are being naive. 
Bitcoin has some interesting quasi-new concepts, but it's not a completely new concept, particularly in terms of how investors approach it. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:50:52
The goal isn't to win the auction, the goal is to buy a certain value of bitcoins at or below what the perceived value is.  The natural ceiling in that context is the market price. If I'm an investor who wants to buy bitcoin, I have my valuation of the currency.  If the market is below that valuation I buy, if the market is above that valuation, I sell. 
The fact that an auction came up does not change that formula.  Say I'm Investor X and I value bitcoin at $600.  I'm going to put in a bid at the auction at or below $600.  I may suspect that someone else could come on top of me, but why would I ever spend more than my perceived value figure?  
You're absolutely right in saying that the math says that I'm going to have to spend more than the next guy to win the auction.  That's fine, but I'd rather lose the auction than spend more than what I think it's worth to buy the coins.  
My prediction has always been that the coins will be sold at or below market value.  It doesn't make financial or logical sense to bid above the market value.  
You could make a case for slippage causing a bid above market value, but I think that unlikely.  If someone's goal is to hold 30,000 coin at a cost average of above market value, they could have done that on market over the last month or two.  The fact that the demand wasn't there on market indicates that the demand won't be there in the auction. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 19:27:57
How has the current model failed?  Major economic shocks have been tempered without completely derailing the global economy.  
In what ways would gold or some other deflationary currency have prevented or responded better to the economic crash of 2008?  
In what ways would gold or some other deflationary currency decrease or reduce the wealth gap?  
You can hate "too-big-to-fail" banks without condemning the underlying monetary system.  There is too much real world and academic evidence in opposition to deflationary stores of value to conclude that it can effectively serve as a widespread, global currency.  
@_date: 2014-04-11 02:59:31
Yes I do understand. Do you understand that inflation isn't directly pinned  to increases in the money supply?
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:35:57
I referenced Paypal because it's a type of service that's not really possible to do with bitcoin without jeopardizing the supposed benefits of bitcoin.  You can do it with USD because of the legal protections granted to traditional currencies.  
Services like Paypal work because traditional currency transactions can track the source and recipient. Further, the source of funds (bank accounts, credit cards) provide their own level of liability reduction.
How can liability reduction work without reducing the supposed competitive advantages of bitcoin?  How can you reduce liability without jeopardizing anonymity?  How can you reduce liability without strict controls on tracing the flow of currency?  As a third-party provider, how do you insure your assets when there is no way to recover lost or stolen funds?  
I want to know how bitcoin plans on handling these issues before I start thinking of it as a credible currency for the future. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 05:59:50
We still don't know that they sold above or at market value. Everyone who says they lost indicated they came in below market. Whereas 20% under market value may have lost, 10% or 5% under still could have won.
@_date: 2014-12-02 21:37:13
Okay, cool.  I've actually talked to people who confuse some risk being good with all risk being good. 
@_date: 2014-05-19 18:57:21
I don't think people in the Fed think that bitcoin is superior than fiat currency.  If you read the source document, they illustrate its faults and why they think it is inferior to the current system. 
You and I may disagree on the merits of certain types of currency, but it's disingenuous to suggest that the Fed is "jumping on the bitcoin bandwagon".  
Without opening pandoras box, I think that you're being naive to say that anyone who doesn't subscribe to the Austrian School are somehow intellectual lightweights.  I have my own opinions on which school of economic thought is superior, but I'm not about to wholeheartedly dismiss every other major branch of economic theory just because it opposes mine.  
@_date: 2014-12-02 14:58:50
There's no way this could possibly end poorly
@_date: 2014-04-08 16:08:34
Printing money =/= inflation.  There are multiple causes for inflation, and it can exist with our without printing money.  
And yes, we're arguing about the levels.  200mg of Ibuprofen can help a body fight fever, but 4000mg might kill a person.  An economy can sustain 2% annual inflation indefinitely, while continuing to grow and progress.  
@_date: 2014-03-21 16:05:01
They're not using it as a currency, they're using it as a payment processing method.  The big-time retailers that are accepting Bitcoin are immediately flipping it for cash... it's not like they're holding onto it and using it to pay their vendors.  
In what ways is the current Bitcoin environment unlike a large retailer accepting Visa gift cards? 
@_date: 2014-12-11 07:05:15
Bitpay accepts bitcoin and gives money to Microsoft. 
@_date: 2014-10-31 04:25:48
What does that mean?
@_date: 2014-10-31 00:30:35
Actually, there are plenty of regulations that could mitigate the risk, or at least reduce the damaging effects of problems. Here are some examples:
1. Requiring regular, 3rd party audits.  
2. Requiring insurance on deposits.  
3. Standardizing accounting practices, and other operational procedures.  
Regulations and corresponding penalties provide incentive for businesses to behave well.  You may not agree with them in concept, but you're wrong if you think regulations can't prevent (or at least mitigate) bad behavior. 
@_date: 2014-10-16 23:58:24
Do you invest in any of USAA's managed portfolios with your IRAs?.  I bank with USAA, but my IRA is currently managed by a different company (I am allowed to keep it in a zero fee [to me] account with my old employer until the end of the year).  I'm looking for a place to move it to and I didn't even know USAA handled IRA stuff.  
@_date: 2014-12-18 17:51:29
Things marginally better (though I wouldn't even go that far with bitcoin) than the things they're trying to replace come and go all of the time. Bitcoin has very low utility when there is no widespread adoption and volatility is high. 
@_date: 2014-04-10 14:33:01
That's not true. 
Let's imagine the point you're trying to make on a very basic scale. Let's say there are only three entities in the entire economy: a farmer who makes chicken, a baker who makes bread and a bank that prints and stores money.
Let's say that the farmer makes one chicken a year and the baker makes one loaf of bread. In this finite world, those are the only resources available. No new technology or resource will ever be discovered to increase production.
On the demand side, the farmer wants bread and the baker wants chicken. Without currency, they trade their chicken for bread. But, uh oh, the baker finishes his loaf in June and the farmer finishes his chicken in December. They can't trade directly, so they use money.
The bank comes in and says, "hi, we will store your money for you. When you want your cash, you will get it.  We're going to increase the cash supply periodically. If you store money with us, your cash holdings will increase."
Costs will clearly go up annually, because both the farmer and the baker know that the other party is willing to spend more to get their goods. Inflation in this situation is inevitable.
Does this mean it's unsustainable? No, it doesn't. There is always the relative value or currency. If new money in the money supply is distributed reasonably, the relative buying power shouldn't change. One chicken will always net you one loaf of bread.
@_date: 2014-12-18 18:14:46
Do a quick survey of bitcoin outlets.  Go to Go to Go to any of the bitcoin forums.  Go to bitcoin-centric media outlet.  Look at everything written and said by "bitcoin experts".
It's unbelievable how much people distort reality to try and make bitcoin out to be more than it is.  I've had people try and sell me on MLM businesses.  While I'm not saying bitcoin is a pyramid scheme or a ponzi scheme, a lot of the same cultural elements present in those sales environment exist in the bitcoin community. 
I think I would love the bitcoin community if it focused on the tech, or the experimental nature of bitcoin. Instead, it seems that every conversation leads to points about how and why people should keep putting more money into bitcoin.  


I think you're being dishonest if you think the group of "pumpers" is only a few dozen.  Do a quick poll on and see how many think we'll see $1,000+ in the next 5 years.  Nearly everyone over there is extremely bullish on bitcoin, to the point that they're delusional. 
I frequent and am very outspoken about my opinions on bitcoin because I feel there needs to be a balance to the one-sided nature of the bitcoin community.  Anytime I see people try to lure new users with dishonest representations of bitcoin, I feel I need to jump in and provide a counter.  
I also use as a place to vent about my feelings using jokes, without muddling up the conversation in the threads we mock.  When I actually post to or I try to stay on topic and keep things relatively serious. is an outlet to crack jokes without derailing conversation.  
On a side note, I think it's absolutely ridiculous (and telling) that the bitcoin community gets so worked up about I've had people accuse me of being a paid shill, and I'm pretty sure they were serious about it.  The fact that the bitcoin community can't take criticism without calling it "fud" or "trolling" or "paid shilling" is emblematic of the community's problem as a whole.  
@_date: 2014-04-19 00:37:15
There are deposit options that aren't FDIC backed. Nobody is forcing you to use a federally insured bank.
My problem is that if you and other behaved recklessly with a currency that we share, I'm left on the hook with no method of recourse. Established rules and order are a way to mitigate negative externalities. 
Pure free markets don't work because there is no way true freedom can exist in a way that holds people, accountable for negative externalities that aren't readily apparent. Not storing your money in a federally insured bank doesn't directly affect me, but if you and 1,000,000 did uninsured deposits and that bank crashed, the market affect would hurt me. Suddenly it's harder for me to get credit because of someone else's actions. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:18:16
Right now Democrats have a huge voter registration advantage over Republicans in the state. Additionally, decline-to-state voters ("independents") tend to vote heavily in favor of democrats.  
Whether or not you agree with them, Democrats dominate the voter base so both of the senators and the majority of the house members are Democratic.  
If the six states thing came to be, 10 new senators would be sent to DC (12 total, minus the two we currently have).  Based on the map and my knowledge of state demographics, it would likely be 4-5 Democrats and 7-8 Republicans sent to the senate. It would be a net pick up of at least four in the senate for the GOP.  
If we went beyond this, it would be likely that the new states would send a higher proportion of Republicans to the house, as state legislatures would determine how the districts were picked.  At least 3 (and likely 4) of the 6 states would likely have a state legislature with a Republican majority.  
As it stands now in California:
- Senate -- Dems +2
- House -- Dems +23
As it would stand with six states:
- Senate -- GOP + 2 or + 4
- House -- Dems + ~10-15
Edit: The house numbers were a bit of a guess.  Redistricting would be interesting, to say the least.
@_date: 2014-12-08 19:46:55
As others have mentioned, probably nothing.  
Further, the government paid more than $0.37 to manage the transaction and the auction, but they're eating the cost.  It's reasonable to assume that the government spent thousands or tens of thousands of dollars in staffing and IT costs to secure, process, account, and distribute the funds.  
As is the case in nearly every situation, the costs associated with banking rarely reflect the actual cost to transact the money, but instead support all of the other services and aspects of banking.  
@_date: 2014-06-30 03:35:58
Like I said, I don't think people want to win simply to win. This is an investment, after all. Bulk sales off market happen with an expectation for discount, nit the opposite.
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:53:11


Pretty much a summary of why I think bitcoiners are unreasonable.  
It's not that esoteric and it's not guaranteed (or even likely) to happen. 
From an economic standpoint, it's neither revolutionary or novel.  From a user standpoint, it offers no real advantages.  From a technological standpoint it's interesting, but not revolutionary.  People act like it's a revolutionary or genius idea, but it's really not. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 20:48:59
Enron also had tangible assets and verifiable holdings.  What's your point?  
@_date: 2014-11-25 19:21:42
If you're a miner that has bills to pay you're going to sell what you need to sell, even at a loss... that's business.  Not everyone is going to break a profit.
Realistically, the cost of mining a coin is likely substantially higher than $80.  It would follow that the marginal cost for each new bitcoin is probably much closer to the current market price.  As price drops, inefficient miners are going to drop out of the mining game. That will continue to happen as price approaches $80, or whatever imaginary roadmark you want to use.  
@_date: 2014-12-18 07:19:14
I think I definitely fit in the category of people that you want to hear from. 
Short story: I thought bitcoin was interesting, bought some to play with, then discovered that bitcoin is a an idea without a promising future. Now I frequent and laugh at how disillusioned a lot of people here are.
Long story: I first heard of bitcoin in either 2011 or 2012, but it was nothing more than a few passing references on reddit. I do remember hearing the story about the guy ordering pizza with bitcoin and thinking it was kind of funny.
I starting reading more about it sometime in the middle of 2013. I've always been really interested in macroeconomics as well as monetary policy, so I thought it was cool that there was a sort of real world experiment like bitcoin. While I did (and still do) have a lot of problems with the economic and ideological philosophy behind bitcoin, it still offered a lot of interesting case examples of radical policy in play. 
I kind of abandoned following bitcoin until late 2013 and early 2014. With the big bubble, media attention exploded and a lot of people were talking about it. My employer at the time was toying with the idea of accepting it (someone in our industry had just started accepting it, and it got some news), and my department spent a good deal of time talking about it. It never got serious, but it was a regular point of conversation. Eventually we decided that accepting it would be a pain in the ass and it wasn't worth the trouble.  
Not too long after that, I ended up at a different job. I had more disposable income and big chunks of free time, so I decided to take part in the bitcoin experience. I did a little bit of playing around (making wallets, transferring it, figuring out different ways to store it). I didn't find anything I wanted to buy with it, so I decided to trade a bit. While I had never actively traded before, I have taken finance classes that touch on technical analysis. While it wasn't perfect, I had a few well timed trades and made a modest profit.
As I spent more time with bitcoin, the more I had to interact with the weirdos. I was happy to trade on the dips as much as the rises, but there was some strong negativity towards me anytime I predicted downwards movement or said I didn't think it would be a long term success. That negativity, coupled with the growing political radicalism of bitcoin users really turned me away from the currency.
I genuinely believed that bitcoin had some cool potential in the remittance market, but because I didn't think it was going to revolutionize the world I was down voted and driven away. Even if bitcoin was god's gift to man, there's no way it's going to reach mass adoption if this community is the one acting as its spokesperson. This is such a toxic environment and it's become increasingly dillusional.
While my opinion on bitcoin hasn't changed (I think it's a fun proof of concept with the potential for niche applications, but it is fundamentally flawed as a major currency), my opinion on the future of bitcoin has drastically changed.
Quite honestly, my "aha" moment was when someone came to either this subreddit or bitcoinmarkets saying how he had lost a lot of money on bitcoin and he kind of wanted out. While not everyone was saying it, a lot of people were going on there telling him to hold on and were telling him that bitcoin had surely hit bottom. They were saying that he was better off staying invested and riding it out.
That thread (I'll try and find it tomorrow when I'm on my laptop) pissed me off beyond belief. These people were convincing someone who clearly wanted more financial security to stick with an investment that was failing and showed no real signs of stopping. He was an a vulnerable state, and a lot of people told him to choose a move that (whether they admit it or not) helps protect their investment. 
Since then, it's hard not to see a lot of people involved with bitcoin as predators, whether they mean to be or not. With this group leading the way, it's hard to be optimistic about the future of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-06 16:47:57
The logic being?
@_date: 2014-11-25 19:04:02
That's a very unrealistic way to create a lower-bound for bitcoin.  If bitcoin price were lower it would follow that many miners would turn off, driving the floor down.  
All that $80 represents is a very rough estimate of the energy cost per mined coin.  Network energy consumption was substantially lower when price was lower and there was less mining activity.  
Price could fall below $80 and some people would still mine. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 05:04:12
You are mistaken. It is extremely common for seized property to be sold using a sealed-bid process. Just because it hasn't crossed your radar before does not mean it's novel.
@_date: 2014-10-31 18:49:07


How is "buyer beware" good for society?  For "buyer beware" to work, consumers need complete access to information.  That kind of information access is impossible in the real world and will continue to end up with hurt consumers.  


Complete revisionist history. 
First of all, workers didn't have choice.  In many communities, people could either work at the local factory or die.  There was no choice.  People couldn't afford to uproot and move, and they were forced to accept the terms of their employer.  
Second of all, you can't make the claim that workers prospered "despite regulations".  Workers organized and acted out in their own self-interest.  How can you possibly claim that organized workers (who pushed for regulation) didn't benefit from regulation?  Workers fought for it and got it.  Are you contending that they were not acting in their best interest when they fought for regulation?


Is your boss an exempt employee?  He probably is, and he's legally allowed to work however long he wants.  There is no regulation preventing that.
In fact, most workers can work 60 hours week, they are just entitled to additional benefits.  You're arguing against facts that don't exist.  


If you're suggesting that overworked people were outliers, you should probably check your sources.  Before the progressive movement, income inequality was more pronounced, quality of living was much lower, economic mobility was significantly lower, and the average person was generally worse-off.  It wasn't just outliers.  


That's not a regulation.  


Do you actually understand what you are talking about or do you just say what makes you feel good?  
Access to affordable healthcare in America is better than it's ever been.  Quality of healthcare has been better than it's ever been.  Life expectancy is higher than it's ever been.  
Even still, the United States is an outlier.  Most countries with better health care systems are far more regulated than Americans are.  If you could, please point out a better health care system that is less regulated than our own.  
@_date: 2014-04-18 16:29:51
As another sceptic looking forward to some sensible discussion:
I think we both agree that there are some clear challenges facing bitcoin.  You argue that in coming years, those technical kinks can be worked out.  Can't it also be argued that current financial systems can adapt and change to better serve a digital marketplace?  
Right now, we have systems in place that give more established currency (I'm American, so I'm largely speaking about USD) the upper-hand in relation to bitcoin:
1. I have fraud protection.  If my money is compromised, there is an extremely high likelihood that I will recover it.  
2. It is much easier to reduce liability with cash storages.  Not only is it easier to trace and secure cash, but government backing and an established central bank make for a much less volatile store of wealth.  The common retort I get for this is the diminishing value of inflationary currencies, but I'd much rather trade a low inflation rate (which has, at least to this point in my life, remained far lower than my salary growth) for a less volatile currency. 
3. Escrow protections. When money can be easily traced, it is much easier to provide cheap and secure escrow and financing services. 
Unfortunately for bitcoin, these are not easy things to protect against.  Right now paypal charges ~3% in fees for online transactions.  I just don't know if I envision a similar service existing for bitcoin that will be able to operate with less fees.  
Sure, a peer-to-peer transaction is theoretically free, but trust is still required.  As a payee, I'm shit out of luck if the entity I paid does not deliver the goods or services I paid for.  Further, I don't know if a third party could provide a reliable and profitable escrow service for less than 3%; especially if you want to maintain some of the advantages of bitcoin (anonymity, decentralization). 
With bitcoin, I may save on some transaction fees, but I lose out on buyer and seller protections.  To me, those protections are well worth what it costs me to keep them in place.  
 
@_date: 2014-12-02 19:09:13
I'm going to assume you're kidding to some degree, but I want to make sure that we expand on that further because a lot of people actually don't understand how risk should factor in to your investment strategies.
Risk is important with investments, but only if it's balanced against expected returns.  Playing the lottery is extremely risky as an investment, and it does have a high potential reward, but it's still not a good investment.  Why?  Because the expected return is overshadowed by the cost.  
People act like risk by itself is a good thing... that by being risky, you're guaranteed returns, when in fact the riskier the investments come with the smallest likelihood of returns.  
When you're investing in a "risky" fund for retirement, it's not like you're playing the lottery.  You spread your investments around a pool of somewhat risky opportunities and understand that there's a good likelihood that one or more will eventually pay off in the long term.
When it comes to bitcoin, most investors agree that the risk outweighs expected returns.   The people in this subreddit who solely "invest" in bitcoin and don't see it as an extremely risky venture are either misinformed or stupid.  
@_date: 2014-12-16 07:00:17
The distinction your making doesn't apply in this context.  Bitcoin within the context you're applying is simply control over the private key, as that's the only bit that's not reproducible.  
You can copy and transmit the private key as many times as you want, but only the person in control of that key "owns" the bitcoin... hence your argument that it's rival.  
But if we're using the characteristic of bitcoin that's rival (control over the private key), then we have to accept that it's technically not excludable, as control can be obtained illegitimately by the case of two people randomly generating a private key for the same address.  
By definition, an excludable good must be able to be withheld from non-payers.  Because of the small-but-not-zero chance that a person can randomly generate a private key for an address that holds bitcoins they did not purchase or otherwise earn, it is technically not excludible.  
I know your microeconomics 101 class is pretty fun, but I don't think you really know what you're talking about. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 16:19:58
Do you think that guilt and innocence should be determined by elected individuals?
@_date: 2015-01-14 06:06:56
Can the transaction limit be fixed with a side chain?
@_date: 2015-01-14 05:55:40
Do you mind countering with something so we can further the discussion?
@_date: 2015-01-14 04:14:00
Just a heads up to any rational reader:
Real investors aren't afraid to walk away. If you're emotionally invested to the point where you think that selling is a sign of weakness or lack of resolve, you probably should take a step back.
If you like bitcoin, you can like it with $1,000,000 invested or $0 invested. Any time you financially commit to something, it's probably best to make sure you have goals and objectives in mind. If that's profit or growth, then make decisions on profit or growth. If you put money in something because you believe in it for non-financial reasons, don't ever count on getting your money back. That means you should be prepared to put everything you put in.
So don't listen to assholes like this who make it sound like anyone selling doesn't deserve to hold, or whatever.  Make your decisions based on your goals, objectives and values. If someone wants to guilt you into doing something, they can fuck off.
If the price falling is an issue for you, sell and be happy to sell. There are more than enough angsty bag holders like the asshole I'm responding to who will be happy to give you money because they're emotionally invested. You can always keep the money and buy back later if it makes sense to do so.
At the same time, if you want to keep your bitcoins, keep them. But only do so because that's the decision you want to make, not because people make you feel less worthy if you sell.
@_date: 2015-01-14 04:03:07
Why are people putting real money into a financial protocol that's clearly not ready for it? By your own confession, bitcoin has legitimate concerns that need to be addressed.
Three questions:
1. Are you surprised that money is fleeing bitcoin, since it's only "in beta"?
2. When are these problems going to be addressed?
3. When has bitcoin development solved a major issue, not including the security vulnerability that was exploited?
Bitcoin has been in beta for six years. When is it going to prove it can grow up, let alone actually grow up?
@_date: 2014-12-09 18:34:10
A) There is no indication that Barry's bid last time was at market price.  In fact, I'm pretty sure he said they went below market
B) We have no proof that Draper bid above market price last time
C) The strategy used by Second Makret last time was clearly one of trying to acquire a lot of coins under market value.  There is no clear indication that their strategy or motivations have changed.  
This isn't a competition to win an auction.  It's a method to make a speculative investment.  You're fabricating truths to fit your agenda.  
@_date: 2015-01-05 22:44:48
I think context is extremely important here.  
Plenty of technologies became almost ubiquitous in everyday life within a 6-year timeframe.  Others took a long time to mature.  
The problem with comparing bitcoin with TCP/IP is that they're completely different in this context:
- The average person did not have the tools or resources available to utilize TCP/IP.  The average person did not own or have access to a computer (especially one with networking capability).  The average westerner has all of the tools readily available to use bitcoin, but they are either actively or passively choosing not to. 
- TCP/IP was not a topic brought up in mainstream media, so it's not like people even knew what it is or what it was.  The saturation of bitcoin into the conscious of the news-watching individual is substantially higher than that of TCP/IP in 1981.  
- Bitcoin offers no clear advantages to the average potential user.  TCP/IP existed without any real or substantial competition.  By the web grew, TCP/IP was the clear winner.  
- TCP/IP's success is not dependent on the size and integrity of the network.  Bitcoin's success is directly tied to the size and integrity of it's network. 
Honestly, stop trying to change the timeframe in which bitcoin could be considered a success.  It's struggling and it's been struggling for a long period of its lifespan.  The odds that it will fail are substantially higher than the odds that it will succeed. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 18:47:18
Someone tipped me out of spite, so I returned the favor and sent them to the bitcoineater address.  
+2000 bits
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:38:57
You forget that the burden of proof is on the prosecution in all criminal trials.  It's the responsibility of the prosecution to explain what the technology is and how it's used to implicate the defendant.  If anything, the current system benefits the defense far more than having an expert jury.  
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:59:24
I don't take tips, thanks though.
+2000 bits
@_date: 2015-01-14 05:44:36
What's wrong with what I said?
@_date: 2015-01-05 18:32:41


I don't think you really underestimate the level of work and scrutiny that happens with an audit.  Back in my days as an intern, I helped an organization do an internal audit as preparation for an actual, third-party audit.  It was one of the most detailed and stringent projects I've ever been a part of.
As others on this thread have pointed out, an audit doesn't just look at reserves to check things out.  In fact, reconciling our bank statements with our accounting records was one of the easiest and most trivial parts of the entire process.  The same was true for reconciling our non-cash assets as well.  Proving you have the cash (or other assets, including bitcoin) you say you do is incredibly simple and doesn't actually mean you're solvent.  
A bitcoin exchange is orders of magnitudes more complex than the organization I was working with during the audit.  A proper audit requires a group of people (because having a sole auditor jeopardizes the integrity of the audit) with experience and tools.  The fact that no exchange is willing to go through with one speaks volumes about the trustworthiness of exchanges.  
@_date: 2015-01-14 05:42:48
Bitcoin core devs and others have been "working on" these basic and obvious issues for literally years, and no solution has come out. If it couldn't be done when bitcoin was a lot smaller and the logistics of forking less complicated, how can you be so confident it will get done now?
On one hand,  the 1mb transaction limit is a known problem that needs to be addressed,  but on the other hand people keep kicking the can down the road. If it was an easy fix it would be fixed already; the fact that it hasn't proves that there's either no easy fix or no clear way to get consensus for a hard fork. There is no logical way to rectify that issue not being solved that doesn't point to a problem with the protocol, the developers, or the bitcoin mining climate.
@_date: 2015-01-15 16:19:10
And most of the time the defense chooses whether the trial is heard by a judge or a jury.
@_date: 2017-01-11 19:29:57
Like the time you predicted it would be [$30,000 on January 1, 2016?](
@_date: 2015-08-19 14:20:56
So if the block reward halving comes and there hasn't been a new bubble, will you admit that you were wrong?
@_date: 2015-07-03 05:39:33
No you didn't.
@_date: 2015-04-12 05:36:08
How did you acquire bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-04-16 17:34:17
What were the exchange rates?
@_date: 2015-04-12 05:45:03
Something you may want to consider is that it may be difficult to find credible sources to support your claim. Very little has been written about bitcoin in academia, and most of the news articles are editorialized to some degree. 
I can't speak for your school,  but when I went to high school we were required to have all of our evidence sourced and we would be graded in part on the quality of our research and source material.
Off the back, that would knock out bitcoin - specidic publications and the white paper itself (outside of certain contexts). 
If your thesis really is as assertive as you are planning (a point that I absolutely disagree with,  though that doesn't matter), you have a huge burden of proof. Finding enough credible material to support your argument will be extremely challenging -- possibly prohibitively so. 
@_date: 2015-04-20 18:27:58
What are the protections against a MITM attack in the following scenario:
I'm connected to a public wifi and I make a bitcoin transaction.  I broadcast my signature to complete the transaction.  The operator of the wifi doesn't broadcast that transaction to the network as a whole, and instead sends it to a node that he or she controls.  Would that wifi operator be able to use the signature that I broadcast to take control of the wallet I used? 
@_date: 2015-04-20 20:40:54
Thank you!
@_date: 2015-04-15 17:35:35


The problem is that the growth numbers aren't going to attract another strong round of VC funding.  They got $30 million in 2014, which should have given them enough capital for a strong round of growth.  The fact that they weren't able to produce a strong return off that cash infusion will probably scare off another big round of funding.  
@_date: 2015-04-09 20:49:50
You're really underestimating things here.
Look at the components of PCI compliance [[wiki for reference](
1. Build and maintain a secure network
2. Protect cardholder data (not limited to credit card number)
3. Maintain a vulnerability program 
4. Implement strong access control measurements
5. Regularly monitor and test networks
6. Maintain an information security policy
None of those would (or at least should) change if a merchant were to adopt bitcoin.  
Moreover,the traditional financial systems have reduced liability because there are opportunities for reversing transactions and possibly recovering losses.  Security with bitcoin has to be absolute or else losses would be unrecoverable.  
side note -- are you from Sacramento?
@_date: 2015-04-06 02:26:29


Bitcoin's value isn't derived from its utility as a currency, it has value as a speculative asset.  People aren't holding it because they want to use it as a currency, they're holding it hoping that the price goes up.


I don't think using the housing bubble is a good example of that point. There was a lot of debate about the health of the economy, the merit of subprime lending, the over-leveraging of banks, and countless other factors that resulted in the economic downturn.  I know it helps your case for you to think that there was consensus that everything was fine and sustainable, but that was far from the truth.  
Your argument is akin to saying don't think manmade climate change is legitimate, and that the academic consensus shouldn't matter because in the past people believed in the steady state theory over the big bang.  
@_date: 2015-04-05 23:28:19
Would you agree that the overwhelming majority of those in the academic field of economics agree that a currency with a variable supply and a body that controls the supply of that money is the best option available?
Would you also agree that most economic academics do not see commodity based money as being an effective tool?
If not, I'd be more than happy to share resources. If you do agree with my statements, what reasons do you have to disagree with the academic consensus?
@_date: 2015-04-20 19:41:20
I'm obviously no cryptography expert, but is there any risk in the following scenario (sorry if I'm hounding you):
Someone is on a public network with malicious operator.  Let's say that he's doing a hand-to-hand sale of bitcoin and the seller is on his network.  The seller does a transaction but it's not broadcast to the braoder network by the malicious network operator. The buyer/malicious operator convince the seller to try again, but using a different recipient address.  
Does the use of a second address make it easier to determine the private key input used on the signatures?  
@_date: 2015-04-08 17:53:03


I actually don't think we agree on this. I really don't see bitcoin as having a ton of potential any longer.  There are a lot of things that need to change in order for it to be a decent tool, but it's too far down the path for any serious change to take place.  
As it stands now, I think bitcoin is really a proof-of-concept at best.  It would need a massive overhaul to be usable for the masses, but the bitcoin community is so committed to this idea that there's no way it will ever make it. 
@_date: 2015-04-20 18:41:25
I was using an analogy to show that you can divide something without changing the supply.  
If I give you an apple and cut it into a million pieces, it's still only 1 apple.  It's not like new apples are being added.  
If I have a liter of water but decide to call it 1,000ml, it's still the same volume of water.  
Let's say earth has a total supply of 200,000 tons of gold.  Even if you break down every piece to the atomic level, there's still a total supply of 200,000 tons.  
@_date: 2015-04-07 04:11:15


As a long-time buttcoin member, I think your story isn't all that uncommon.  I can say that's definitely my story.  I used to be very interested in bitcoin, but I disagreed with the popular opinion on a few key points (to sum it up: I thought it wasn't going to change the world, but it did have some interesting applications as a remittance tool).  Trying to discuss those points in pro-bitcoin subreddits was really, really frustrating.
As my frustration grew, I found myself noticing the worst parts of the community more and more.  From the radical political ideologies to the dangerous group-think, I really began to notice how toxic the community was/is.  
Now I really think bitcoin doesn't have a legitimate shot at succeeding in large part because the community that it has built.  If the bitcoin community can scare away someone who was excited about the technology, they are certainly going to have a hard time winning over those who start out skeptical.   
@_date: 2015-04-20 19:27:30
So the worst thing a wifi operator could do would be to fail to broadcast transactions and essentially cut off users from the network?
@_date: 2015-04-13 23:31:36
I think you'll find that mainstream investors generally believe that technical analysis is generally bullshit (and have the data to back it up), and even those that use it often question the legitimacy of log charts.  
I have feeling that you chose to show silver and bitcoin on a log chart because it makes the losses look smaller than they actually are.  
What happened here is that you saw someone who claimed to be new and steered them towards the chart that made the think you like look as good as possible.   
Your advice is lacking in merit and quality, and I think you should feel ashamed for giving it. 
@_date: 2015-04-13 22:29:58


Based on what?
@_date: 2015-04-09 21:54:02
In regards to  cardholder information isn't just the card number. It also extends to their name, address and any other personal information you store with a transaction. Presumably, businesses would still have shipping and (possibly) billing information which would need to be kept secure.  
The point I'm trying to make is that bitcoin comes with its own set of security challenges and it requires just as much work as traditional systems. 
On a side note, do you go to the bitcoin meetups in sac?  I'm obviously a huge bitcoin skeptic (to the point I could probably be considered an active proponent of bitcoin), but I'm kind of interested in going to a bitcoin meetup to talk about it on a person-to-person basis. 
@_date: 2015-04-20 18:24:16
Whether you have 100 pennies, 20 nickels, 10 dimes, or 4 quarters, you'll still only have $1.  
It's not like making change for a dollar creates a new supply of money, it just reflects a different way to represent that existing supply. 
@_date: 2015-04-12 05:46:06
How can you use coinbase if you don't have access to the other digital payment methods?
@_date: 2015-04-05 23:17:25
First of all, that's not hundreds.  You said hundreds have failed but listed only a handful.
Second, wouldn't a better measure of a currency be the relative buying power it affords its users? You can harp about the USD inflating,  but at the end of the day the fiat currency has facilitated unrivaled economic expansion and has been a useful tool as its users have seen their standard of living increase over the life of the currency.
@_date: 2015-04-06 02:13:54


Exactly.  That disproves your whole thesis.
Money is not something that generates wealth (nor should it).  Money is just used as a tool to facilitate a functional economy.  Currencies with central banks and variable supply have proven to be the best tools at facilitating global trade in a manner that's stable, reliable, and useful.


Revisionist history at its best.  
Income inequality isn't a symptom of a style of currency, it's a an inherent symptom of capitalism and bad social policy.  It's not like bitcoin, gold, or any other method of currency would somehow prevent an increasing concentration of wealth into the hands of the rich.  
@_date: 2015-04-09 20:23:46


There are a ton of concerns when it comes to bitcoin security.  The same people worried about PCI compliance would instead be worried about how to keep their bitcoins secure.  It's dishonest to suggest that bitcoin somehow solves the threat of data theft.  
@_date: 2015-04-05 19:50:36


@_date: 2015-09-25 15:37:09
So when exactly do you think "stocks will hit their lowest point in 20 years"? I'd love to see a time window for that prediction, so you can be held accountable.
@_date: 2015-04-14 20:09:42
What do you mean by "legalization of bitcoin".  I think better defining that idea you might get better feedback.  
@_date: 2015-04-07 18:13:22
I think it's extremely unlikely that the FEC will classify bitcoin as anything other than cash.  
If you look at FEC regs regarding cashier's checks, money orders and traveler's checks, you'll notice that the reporting and record-keeping requirements are fairly strict.  Basically a lot has to be done to actually prove the source of the donation.  
The FEC is pretty strict when it comes to proving the source of funds qualified for federal elections (and rightly so).  Bitcoin is by its very nature a very difficult instrument to prove its source, so I don't see the FEC treating it as anything other than a cash-esque instrument.  
I know people in this subreddit will probably disagree with me, but I think bitcoin would make it a lot easier for candidates and committees to accept contributions in excess of the legal limits.  The FEC relies on long paper trails to keep people honest, and bitcoin doesn't offer the same kind of paper trail that banks would.  
@_date: 2015-09-25 20:49:00
RemindMe! 10 months
@_date: 2015-03-09 18:54:43
As a skeptic, here are my two cents:
- Transacting money on a technical level isn't really problematic in the existing financial system. During college I worked as an accounting assistant at a place that would regularly do transfers in the hundreds of thousands and occasionally in the millions.  It was more-or-less instant and definitely secure.  In certain situations we would pay $20 for a transfer, but most of the time our fees were waived.  
- Our responsibility as both a sender and receiver was very low.  After two authorized users signed off using 2FA (SecurID), the money would be sent away into a secure account.  For incoming wires, we literally had to do nothing.  The money would appear in our account and we could trust that it was there.  If someone managed to hack our account or take our 2FA, the bank would refund any money they tried to get away with.    If we somehow lost control of our bitcoin account, we'd be without recourse.  
- (I can't stress this enough)  Our transfers were not publicly broadcast on global ledger.  Part of staying competitive in our industry was being able to make major capital investments before our competitors.  If we had to broadcast every time we made a lot of money or spent a lot of money, it would be a major disadvantage.  
So I really don't see anything that bitcoin does in this situation that couldn't be done before.  
@_date: 2015-03-10 16:57:06


A couple thoughts on this:
1. You may want to read the [FEC advisory opinion on bitcoin](  It's already allowed in the political realm.  The challenge for campaigns is proving and reporting the source of the funds.  I would contend that the pseudo-anonymity of bitcoin makes it far easier for entities to launder money above the limits.  
2. Public verification of voting is dangerous if done incorrectly.  One of the reasons votes aren't made public is because there is risk of retaliation from employers/spouses/etc.  I don't think the public nature of the blockchain is the best solution. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 19:08:35
I think if you ask most businesses (and individuals), they'll say they prefer private ledgers.  
@_date: 2015-03-09 19:20:13
Actually, no.... at least not in our case.  
Assuming that the hacker was able to bypass all of our internal checks (which includes both email and phone notifications to multiple people within the organization), the internal checks of our bank, the internal checks of the recipient bank, and still get our money, the bank would cover our loss.  I'm not sure if it's directly from their ledger or from insurance they buy, but they don't just create the money to cover losses from theft.  
You can complain all you want about money creation policies and practices, but banks don't just magically create money when it's stolen. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 19:47:25


Obviously a ton of that cost would still exist with bitcoin.  Our accounting and compliance departments would more than likely be the same size. 
I have a hard time imagining that our bank fees would exceed the cost of additional insurance and higher IT costs.  Our total bank costs were relatively low, and most of that was from credit card processing fees.  
I think one thing that people don't understand is how much value businesses get from banking fees.  Aside from the protections and insurance, we actually used a number of bank services.  From automatically generated reports, to credit services, to investment accounts, I feel like the fees were definitely offset by whatever it cost us to bank.  
I know those services can be built around bitcoin, but it's hard to say that bitcoin could offer those services for cheaper.                                                                                                                            
@_date: 2015-03-09 20:50:07
The original comment was about someone being amazed at sending $14million.  Given that context, I think my comment is perfectly on point. 
@_date: 2015-02-23 16:23:20
How does that make them the richest country on the world?
Right now currencies are essentially valued to reflect the internal and external demand for that currency. If country X has a currency with a total real value of Y, the decided to adopt a new currency, the real value increase of the new currency would not exceed Y.
Currencies don't create wealth, they are used to transact wealth.
@_date: 2015-03-09 19:06:37
It's kind of ironic that you're saying that on a thread built on the idea of tracking funds.  
Most of the competitors we had worked with the same merchants we do, so they could track addresses linked to those merchants (there are only a handful of players in our field that work with those merchants, so guessing the source would be really easy).  If that didn't work, all it would take is a competitor to pay us and follow their coins.  
I understand that bitcion has a certain level of pseudo-anonymity, but anyone willing to put in a little bit of effort can do a reasonably good job at tracking coins.  Unless you're literally washing every transaction and managing a huge number of wallets (both of which add costs and difficulty), you can't operate a business in bitcoin without your activity being trackable on the blockchain.  
@_date: 2015-03-09 20:01:31
Hmmm, I'm sure it would be different if it was internally committed fraud, but I'm pretty sure we were protected against outside security risks. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 20:41:06
We must have had fraud insurance, because I know we were covered if there were unauthorized outgoing transactions. 
@_date: 2015-02-12 20:59:46
Technically the FEC regs have absolutely nothing to do with the California Governor's race. He is bound by FPPC regs, though the idea is the same.
If I understand it correctly, the FPPC issued an advisory opinion on bitcoin donations and I don't believe it's treated as cash. 
With that said, there are similar rules in place. Donations require a collection of information including name, address, occupation and employer. Donors that cumulate donations above a certain amount must be itemized on public reports.
Any donations that are received without the necessary information must be returned or surrendered. 