@_author: chanthing
@_date: 2013-06-13 02:52:36
Oh, you mean you haven't heard BitInstant's "explanation" for why they closed the support forum? It's because people were posting personal information there, like transaction numbers, that could be used by bad people to do something bad.
It's just a coincidence that posts with private information were 1% of the forum content and the other 99% was complaints about disappearing money.
@_date: 2013-06-13 03:21:14
The difference is that Mt. Gox gives realistic estimates of how long a transaction might take. BitInstant didn't pull their name out of a hat. When their official FAQ includes a section answering the question "How do you move funds so quickly? What magic is this?" then pardon me for being annoyed. Their value proposition is explicitly about the speed with which they process transactions.
As far as this being just the way it goes with new technologies, excuse me, but that's pure BS. My bank (and many many more like it) allows me to pay bills electronically and even deposit a check by uploading a scanned image of it. My bills have always been paid exactly on the day requested and there's never been a situation where funds went missing.
Keep in mind that in many cases, BitInstant has flubbed simple transfers not involving currency conversion. ZipZap did their job perfectly. Why should we accept excuses from BitInstant?
@_date: 2013-06-12 18:05:20
Wow. Your wit renders me speechless. Twat!
(Get it?)
@_date: 2013-06-12 15:15:29
I thought so too until yesterday.  This is ridiculous. The way they are turtling up by hiding their customer support forums where people post their missing money experiences just lets people like you blithely pretend that any problems are the fault of the customer.
@_date: 2013-06-12 16:34:00
Hello... Toadamont. How many banks would get away with taking money from customers and not immediately registering their deposits? Why do you suppose that just because your transaction went through without a glitch that those whose did not are some sort of spurious outliers. This situation is totally ridiculous. Judging from the number of posts here I would bet that they have at least $100,000 in unposted transactions. Anyway, since you're so in favor of being generous and well-intended, care to loan me $420? I'll pay you back "instantly" when my funds finally show up at Mt. Gox.
@_date: 2013-06-13 01:46:57
Well, saying that it is "beyond you" to understand how anyone would have trouble with BitInstant is dismissive of those of us who are having trouble through no fault of ours. I have used BitInstant successfully many times. Yet, here I am, wondering where my money is. To pretend that it can't happen to you is foolish, imho.
I don't need to be reminded that most times BitInstant works just fine. But the one time out of n that it doesn't work kind of washes away any confidence produced by the successful transactions in the past.