@_author: chaos_engineer
@_date: 2018-01-14 20:43:31
This chart is about long-term investment strategies. Dollars aren't good long-term investments, because of inflation. This is common knowledge.
If you'd bought a rifle as an investment in the 1960's, how much would it be worth today? I don't know, but my guess is that it would have been a bad investment, when you factor in the cost of storage and maintenance.
Bitcoins appear to be even worse as a long-term investment. The best-long term investment strategy is a broad-based mutual fund that's set to the risk-reward level you want. An ultra-high-risk fund might dabble in a few cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2018-06-29 01:19:13
If you break someone out of jail, then you've just made them an accomplice to *additional* crimes. The best case scenario is that they'll have to spend the rest of their life in hiding, cut off from family and friends. Worst case is that they'll get caught, have to serve out their original sentence with no hope of parole, and then get sentenced to more time for the breakout
If you want to fantasize about having superpowers, why not take Daredevil as a role model? He's a superhero *and* a criminal defense attorney!
@_date: 2018-03-02 01:29:13
The problem with cryptocurrencies is that the space is over-run with con artists and out-right thieves. It's like wandering into a back-alley casino and thinking that you're going to outsmart all the card sharks and pickpockets. Some people manage to do it, but the odds are against them.
And when you look at it like that, the solution becomes obvious: Instead of going to a back-alley casino, go to one of that's regulated and audited. They're all over the place, but my feeling is that everyone should visit Las Vegas at least once in their lifetime. Rent a car so that you can tour Red Rock Canyon and Hoover Dam while you're there.
If you want to go all-in and make a small fortune as quickly as possible, then roulette is the way to go. Put all of your savings on one of the numbers - I like "23", but really all the other numbers are just as good. If you win, then put all of your winnings on that same number. (They'll probably ask you to move to a different table before they'll let you bet that much. But the new table will be in a much nicer room with better snacks, so this is to your advantage.) If you win a second time, then you'll have more than a million dollars for every thousand you started out with. The odds of this working are a bit better than one in 1500, which are really the best odds you can get for any kind of get-rich-quick scheme.
Of course there are less risky ways to get a million dollars, but they involve either being born into a rich family or doing a lot of hard work, and I can't recommend them.