@_author: chapdaddy2017
@_date: 2017-12-18 03:16:36
Looks like I’m going to have to do the same thing most likely. It’s proving to be more and more impossible to buy bitcoin at a reasonable price living in ny. It seems to me if they don’t allow crypto sales in NY on Uphold then they should make that clear when you input your address. More wasted time waiting to get verified on a site just to find out you can’t use it. Stressful 
@_date: 2017-12-18 02:34:01
No, not yet. I initiated the transfer yesterday and it went though but said it could be up to 5 days to clear. I’m glad I’m not the only one. This makes no sense to me what so ever. I would have never given all my info and waited to get verified if i couldn’t even use the platform for the sole reason that I signed up. 
@_date: 2017-12-18 02:24:42
I checked, re-checked and checked again. I am so confused. I even watched a YouTube video on it and the options they showed to add money to the BTC card literally just don’t show up on my screen. No BTC, no LTC, no ETH. Literally no crypto. The only thing I can think of is that they don’t allow access to crypto currency in NY on their platform, but if that’s the case then I was not informed what so ever after inputting my address and state. 
@_date: 2017-12-18 05:04:31
Coinbase would no longer let me purchase bitcoin on their site. Refused to provide a valid reason for me after trying to contact them for over a month. Only thing I could think of was banning me for transferring money into an online poker account because that’s all I used coinbase for. This was Almost 2 years ago. Bitstamp, yes I have a bitstamp account but when I input my card info to purchase it says my bank has declined the transaction. Although, I’ve called my bank and their fraud dept multiple times and they tell me they don’t even see a transaction attempting to show up. It’s literally a nightmare on every platform I try to use. Except for paxful and xcoins but I hate them because of fraud and super high premiums you pay for the bitcoin 