@_author: charlemagneffxiv
@_date: 2017-11-08 22:09:19
I don't see how this suggestion is helpful at all. OpenBazaar is a marketplace. We need a payment processor that can do monthly or one-time payments, and accept more than just crypto. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 18:37:34


Okay dude. I guess every company that has ever done a friends and family round, which is pretty much every company in the USA, has never actually done it and just blatantly lied on their SEC and state filings because everyone goes straight for VC money even though they started with zero revenue, amirite??


Not if you use funding portals like Start Engine. Which is the standard way of handling Title III raises. 
And VC groups generally will not invest into certain kinds of businesses such as films, video games, apps, restaurants, beverage companies, etc. due to the perceived risk of these markets, which are all the kinds of companies turning to Title III as a funding method. The money has to come from somewhere before the company can grow to a state more conventional investors will be interested. 
Sure, there used to be a lot of "angel networks" that would provide funding for these companies. Notice my past tense. Angel networks now all behave exactly like VC groups do since VCs have taken over them. I've found them to be a complete waste of time for early stage companies, especially if they are in any of the aforementioned industries. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 05:36:19






Feel free to go live in an island unto yourself then, and not partake of civilization and all the comforts which it grants you. 
Your personal freedom is not more or less important than anyone else's. If you live in a society then you are automatically obligated to comply with the laws of that society as the requirement of participating in the privileges created by it. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 17:54:23


The reason is because Fraud is about proving intent which can be very difficult to do sometimes.
Thus it has to be illegal to make a public offering of any kind of security that is not registered with the SEC in order to deter fraud and ensure there is some third party oversight. Avoiding the law to register clearly shows intention to commit fraud.
I recently conducted a Title III raise for my company and had to deal with people who at first thought we were doing a pyramid scheme because of the micro-investments, and they had to be educated on Title III. So regulation actually is a good thing because it ensures people can be confident that what you are doing is legitimately legal. 
Regulation can cause problems, sure, but there are even more problems without regulation at all. The amount of fraud we've already seen even though ICOs have regulation is absurd, and there would be way more of it without any regulation at all. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 08:49:48


Money is controlled by the state. Regulation of cryptocurrency is proof of this dude. [SEC just halted AriseBank and froze its assets because they have this control, and for good reason because it is a pyramid scheme.](
As for taxis, the companies you named are subject to regulation. And Lyft and Uber were kicked out of several cities, [and even countries]( when they refused to comply with those regulations.
I think you have a fundamental lack of understanding of what you're talking about. 


Your "freedom" is more accurately described as "freedoms". You have certain rights as a MEMBER of a country. **MEMBER.** And your membership is subject to laws, regulations -- rules. Violate the rules and you lose the freedoms awarded by that membership.
You can disagree with it, but you certainly cannot fight it. This is how human civilization has always worked and it will always work this way, because stability of communities rely upon members following the rules that community is structured around. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 05:40:48


Except of course when the IRS sees you living well beyond your means and conducts an audit, and you're forced to explain how you got that Lambo after claiming you had no income.


Rights are something bestowed by a society to its members.
They do not exist as tangible metaphysical things. The metaphysical does not exist. No mystical magical deity gives you rights because such things do not exist. 
This pretty much summarizes my response to your entire tirade. 


That wouldn't be a polite reminder, that would be an idiotic move guaranteed to result in arrest by people who have much more than just one assault rifle. 
You want to live outside the bounds of societies whose rules you don't agree with? Then start your own nation. Til you do that you have to abide by the rules of the nation you live within. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 05:38:59


Look man, if you're aware of a law and intentionally attempt to circumvent the law so that you don't have to abide by the law, that's clear intent to defraud.
You might consider the law to be "pointless" but when the government didn't regulate the food and beverage industry people were doing ridiculous shit like giving cocaine to children in cough medicine and convincing people to drink radioactive water. I can't make this stuff up. 
We have these laws because many folk have a shitty selfish attitude and consider the welfare of others to be "pointless". But a society cannot thrive if everyone is allowed to be a complete asshole that steals, defrauds, misleads, rapes or murders everyone else just because they think it's "pointless" to consider anyone's welfare but their own. 
There's too many people with this misguided notion that cryptocurrency is going to somehow make you exempt from the rule of law in the country you live. It's not. In fact the security of the system makes [it even easier for law enforcers to detect criminal activities, even if they occurred years ago.](
Complete and absolute anonymity does not exist when dealing with computers. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:44:27
Not a true statement. Even prior to Title III of the JOBS Act, non-accredited investors could still make investments into startups. 
What you couldn't do is solicit investments from non-accredited investors by way of advertising. That's really what Title III changed and it placed restrictions on how much a non-accredited investor could invest based on their net worth. 
People need to stop fearing regulation. Regulation is necessary. Just look at all the fake ICO scams which have already occurred. 
@_date: 2017-09-04 15:56:22
Yeah, Yahoo wasn't impacted at all. It actually thrived during the dot com crash. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 05:42:59
[And there is.](
Regulation D. It's how many small businesses have been receiving funding from non-accredited investors. But again, you couldn't engage in the kind of open solicitation you can now with Title III. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 07:09:58






Fortunately for the majority of people -- and here's the best part -- your opinion is never going to be reality. Crypto as a security is always going to be regulated. 


Your freedom to rip off other people? o.0