@_author: charlesgwynne
@_date: 2019-07-27 13:55:12
I hope that will be the last of it and then it will go up (Hopefully) Anyways I have been participating in several projects lately like this [one]( they are the only project that promotes  MTOs. These are an evolution of the highly popular initial exchange offerings (IEOs) conducted on popular exchanges like Binance. Micro Token Offerings allow individuals to purchase listed tokens (already trading on exchanges) of high-quality projects at a 50% discount. Which I think more platforms/project should do to have more crypto enthusiasts participate in.
@_date: 2019-07-27 13:05:18
Wow, this is cool. Now cereals, next the world! (Sinister laugh\*) But yeah I'm loving this adoption and I think more people will know more about crypto if this is how they advertise it. Having the complicated part being explained at first is a bit overwhelming for newbies so this is a good intro for them. I remember I invested a lot of tons of crypto projects that I believe is promising especially the tech it's bringing in our society like this [one]( I didn't know MTO was a thing until I found out in this project. If you don't know MTO,  MTOs are an evolution of the highly popular initial exchange offerings (IEOs) conducted on popular exchanges like Binance. Micro Token Offerings allow individuals to purchase listed tokens (already trading on exchanges) of high-quality projects at a 50% discount. and this project is the only one who's offering it which is pretty cool. Overall, I'm glad that you guys shared this pic, it's truly inspiring how companies are trying to get the crypto out there!
@_date: 2019-07-27 13:40:55
Well, can't blame him on this one since it's our responsibility for what we put on the internet. And facebook just keeps you asking these details and you just keep on giving them because it's simply "needed" for you to access the app or whatever it is. That's why I don't really trust apps like FB or any social media sites (only reddit!) I also make sure I invest my time and effort to projects/platforms which I think is beneficial in the long run like this one which was recently held an[MTO event]( Too bad I missed a couple of rounds but was able to win on the last part and I get to buy tokens half the price which is really cool. Anyways, I think we should just DYOR when investing to tokens like this libra thing and learn from it.
@_date: 2019-08-06 06:20:55
Cool door! It really says something what's in store for us in the future :D But yeah, kidding aside I am really looking forward not just for BTC or any other currency but for the blockchain platform itself to be applicable in our everyday lives. The other day I found a project that really suits my side job, I am a content creator myself so I was really interested in this [project]( which lets me get compensated for my work, users are encouraged to share and promote contents to the proper audience.
@_date: 2019-08-06 06:28:50
Libra smells fishy to me, so of course, I will def be a part of those people who trust BTC rather than that scheme Libra coin. Also, the platform seems shady to me unlike, other projects that really do make a difference and can really help out daily transactions and processes we have online. Just like the other day, I found this great platform that helps out [content creators.](  With their decentralized revenue system, the value of creation is open, transparent, and returns rewards directly to users. I rather trust these kinds of project than being monopolized by Mark and make him more rich because of that.