@_author: charliedubbe
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:44:52
You should donate to WAMM. They are an incredible non profit based out of Santa Cruz CA. They donate the majority of their funds to a compassion program that gives out high grade medical cannabis oils, tinctures, and flowers to the seriously ill who cannot afford it. I have never once come across a group who are so committed to a mission of giving and healing. 
Here is the description from their website:
“ Founded in 1993, the Wo/Men’s Alliance for Medical Marijuana (WAMM) is the nation’s oldest continuously operating phytotherapies collective, one that still serves as a model of truly compassionate care 24 years later. By focusing on the needs of patients and caregivers, WAMM provides hope and builds community while offering a safe, organic supply of phytotherapies to patients with a doctor’s recommendation for the treatment of terminal and chronic illness.
Described as “the gold standard of medical marijuana” by a federal judge, WAMM was founded by Mike and Valerie Corral, a couple in Santa Cruz, California who first started secretly growing marijuana together in the 1970’s, after Valerie found the then illegal herb effective in helping to control her epileptic seizures. Following a pair of arrests, the Corrals resolved to help others facing similar persecution, and soon local patients started seeking them out.
Since then, what started as a handful of seriously ill patients banding together has grown into a collective membership of more than 2,000 seriously intentioned citizens. Beyond growing and distributing phytotherapies and related products, WAMM also plays a vital role in advocating for the rights of cannabis patients and providers, including by helping pass Proposition 215, California’s medical marijuana law.
In 2002, the Drug Enforcement Agency raided the WAMM garden and destroyed the collective’s entire crop of state-legal phytotherapies. Several members died as a result of being cut off from their supply. In response, less than two weeks after the DEA raid, WAMM gathered on the steps of City Hall, alongside the mayor of Santa Cruz and other local officials, to defiantly distribute free medicine to members.
Next, with support from the ACLU and the City of Santa Cruz, WAMM successfully sued the federal government. The garden was subsequently replanted, and now grows more beautifully than ever.
Today, WAMM membership is open to all California residents with a valid doctor’s recommendation to use medical marijuana. But please note, we do not sell nor buy marijuana. Each member receives according to need and returns to WAMM according to ability. There are no financial or other demands required for participation. We only recover our costs.”
Disclosure: I have friends who are treated by WAMM and have been a supporter of theirs for a very long time.
Do your own research tho and it will reveal itself as the amazing healing organism that it is.
For more info: 