@_author: check4null
@_date: 2017-09-19 17:07:13
Oh no... stop! You're in a cult! Stop!
@_date: 2017-09-22 03:42:44
Who says they want to help anyone but themselves? We're talking about anarcho-capitalists here. They want someone to offload to. The old whales get out while fresh pigs get in. Piggies will be slaughtered. 
Don't listen to this sub, they have a financial reason to be pumping this stuff.
@_date: 2017-10-18 21:45:43
As far as hacking: the data can be restored. And banks have incredibly good record keeping (as you'd image) that makes this largely a non-issue. And as for the bank themselves doing it... well, anything is possible, but unless there is a bail-in, I don't see it happening except by accident.
More worrisome for the consumer is what happened to Mt. Gox. If your coins get taken, by whatever means, you simply aren't getting them back. Trustlessly means that there is no one to make you whole, and recovery is impossible. At the very least you'll need a banking layer on top of crypto to bring trust BACK into the equation before consumers will come along in a big way.
@_date: 2017-10-18 21:37:57
I have to wonder how important "trustlessly" is, compared to the problems. To be fair, "trustlessly" is only important if you DON'T trust the participants. And I have no reason to mistrust the Visa network, or my bank. If I'm stolen from I have protections that come into play. If I can't return something I've bought, or something is damaged/stolen, then I have purchase protections. That BEATS bitcoin from the consumer's perspective. So what real problem, not ideological problem, is being solved? I don't see it.
@_date: 2017-10-18 22:17:55
Fiat is an interesting word. If you take the modern dictionary definition then it means by official order. In terms of fiat money it means then "by official order, let it be money". 
But gold has also been ordered by plenty of rulers to be the money of the land. Sometimes gold is ordered to be money to replace a previous system, not simply as a case of the ruler simply acknowledging the existing money. So then gold can be fiat money.
But we usually hear it that gold is not fiat because of it's real world genuine uses. It is commodity money.
So whether we call Bitcoin itself fiat or not depends on whether we attach "official" to the meaning of fiat. If not, then Bitcoin is likely fiat... As proponents have decided to "let  it be" without a commodity use. If not, then gold was fiat prior to it's demonitization.
Up to you; either fiat money hinges on whether something is enforced by government or whether it is commodity money.
The Fed is a political problem. I think a lot of what Bitcoin was created to solve are political rather than economic/financial problems. It get it. I was a Paul guy in 2008/12.
I'm not sure an inefficient technical solution should take the place of a needed political one. Namely ending the fed and returning to the gold standard.
@_date: 2017-10-18 21:48:30
But again, that's an ideological problem. For most people the dollar and banking system work fine. People get their money, spend it how they please, and the world keeps spinning.
What does bitcoin offer that will change that?