@_author: cheese4352
@_date: 2019-09-11 00:35:46
Online banking?
@_date: 2019-09-11 00:35:18
I've been following Bitcoin since late 2016, and I still don't understand it.  Late 2016 a bitcoin was worth around $700, late 2017 it jumped up to $19k, late 2018 it went down to $3,500 and now its around $10k.  This is the most volatile thing I have ever seen.  
If you bought a bitcoin when it was $19k, you're currently in the hole $9k.  What exactly is the benefit of this system, if the value can decrease by that much?
@_date: 2019-09-12 15:44:45
That makes sense.  With gold however, it is a physical object, there is a finite amount of it on the planet.  What is a bitcoin?  Is it just a random group of letters and numbers?  What is there to stop a hacker from creating more?  It's not unlike gold where you physically have to hold it, a bitcoin is just a number correct?  Or is there a finite amount of it as in, Bitcoin 1 is assigned the number 1, and then bitcoin 2 is assigned the number 2, but the creator of bitcoin said there is no number past 21,000,000?
@_date: 2019-09-16 16:20:04
The bitcoin owners with guns have 0 power projection compared to the US military.  A bunch of armchair generals with guns?  Yeah, the world is quaking in their boots.
People completely underestimate the importance of power projection and its use on a global scale, regardless, its only a single factor amongst other factors.  Military, trade, assets, politicians, natural resources, institutions.  Bitcoin does not have any of that backing it up, its the reason why the US can go 22 trillion in debt, and still be the strongest country on the planet, because it has things, and it has potential.  Bitcoin, is all make belief, because it people pretending it has value.
@_date: 2019-09-11 15:42:37
You are right, it is unfair to judge a stock based on on two years, but, theres really nothing else to look at compared to a regular stock.  Looking at the graph, you're eyes are drawn to these past couple of years, all past years the coin was effectively worthless to how valuable it is now.  But looking at it at its 19k high, and now at its 10k price, who's to say that its current price is even its correct price?  What is determining that?  From what this video told me, its just a bunch of random people who have nothing to base it on.  At least with a regular stock you have things such as operating expenses, cash flow, yield, etc. to determine a stock's value.
@_date: 2019-09-11 00:39:30
Got to have huge balls to do something like this.
@_date: 2019-09-16 11:56:17
Paper money is weird when you think of it that way.  It is kind of like trust, but the same applies to bitcoin, trust its  value.
The USd and other paper money value isn't just based on the country its from.  It's based on the economic standing of said country, the companies that reside within it, their products, natural resources, etc. The dollar is backed by assets, revenue, military might, trade, political figures and a banking system.  All of these systems work in tanjen,whether they intend to or not, to maintain the value of their currency.  They aren't directly deciding the dollar is worth a certain amount, its determined by the supply of the dollar, how much is printed, as well as the demand of it from within the country itself, and countries across the planet.
People are deciding the value of the dollar even when they don't realize it.  If you buy something American, you are reinforcing that currency.  If you travel to the usa, again, you are reinforcing the value of the systems backing it.
The key difference which I can ascertain, is that both the dollar and bitcoin are backed by people.  People are determining its value in incremental ways.  With bitcoin, the average person has all the power and can influence it to a far greater extent, with the dollar, the average person still influences it, but to a lesser extent.
But, that's all the bitcoin has backing it.  It has  o military, it has no assets, it has no domestic or export trades, it has no companies with global presence, it has no natural resources.  The dollar has all these things standing behind it, including people, while bitcoin just has people standing behind it.  
The only benefit I can see with bitcoin, is it cuts out the middle man(bankers).  Who likes a middle man?
@_date: 2019-09-11 15:38:34
No doubt about that, there are alot of volatile stocks that exist.  But there are a lot of factors that go into purchasing a stock than just how volatile it is.  Things such as yearly revenue, operating expenses, cash flow, yield, year to date returns.  Bitcoin has none of this, how is the value even determined, like the one guy stated his pen was worth like 10 thousand.  Is it?  Who's determining its value?  The people who are about to raid Area 51?  Florida Man?  
The more I think about it, the more I'm reminded of Communism, and we all know how well that works on paper when compared to actual implementation.
@_date: 2019-09-17 02:14:37
I dont think you know what trading is, what is this, WW1 and everyone has secret agreements?  Do you not think countries talk to each other and are stupid enough to not realize that a country is over charging or under charging?  Countries have teams of people who specific job it is, is to determine trade deals and the value of said deals, they're not chickens with their heads chopped off.
If country A wants to trade Lumber for 5 dollars, and country B wants to also trade lumber for 2 dollars, what do you think will happen?  You will trade with country B, resulting in Country A lowering the price of said lumber in order to compete with country B.  In the exact same way that companies have competition that drives down the price of commodities, so too does this happen with countries.  Obviously trade deals or special arrangements can have an impact on this, but it is all affected by supply, demand and price.  
The initial cost of a can of soda was determined over 50 years ago and since then has increased based on a number of factors such as competition, inflation, manufacturing costs and labour cost.  Even during the inception of cans of soda (Bottles of soda I guess?), those factors determined its price.  No one randomly thought up of a number.  The price of a can of soda has remained extremely predictable, and has gone up slowly over time with inflation.  I can see what kind of point you are trying to make, but if you were trying to make it, you should have picked something like an Iphone, not something that sells for a dollar or less.
@_date: 2019-09-16 17:36:44
You are correct, the military has never confronted someone over the price of a can of soda, nor have they ever confronted anyone over the price of anything.  But I never said anything like that, I said the military and the other players "indirectly" influence the value of the American dollar.  Below are some examples off the top of my head.
Perry Expedition - A bunch of American gun boats went to isolationist Japan, pretty much said, trade with us we'll fuck you up.
WW2 - Destruction of most of the global industry, in part by American soldiers, in doing so creating a monopoly for the US economy.
Occupation of Japan - Ensured that pro-American politicians were elected into power, thus creating an extremely valuable trading partner for the USA, both strengthening the American Dollar and boosting trade.
The above examples are all instances of the US military performing actions that either directly or indirectly affected the value of the American dollar.
You're focusing alot on the military, I stated several other factors such as trade, politicians, assets, natural resources, institutions, etc.