@_author: cheier
@_date: 2017-08-06 21:41:01
Don't remind me. At one point, I had access to nearly 300 Bitcoin, most of which I had mined. Kicking myself hard core. Still made money, but could have made a lot more by holding.
@_date: 2016-06-11 15:36:48
I'm saying this from the perspective of someone who got into Bitcoin when it was $15, saw it drop to $2 then skyrocket. Lost lots of earning potential through bad investments as at some point, I had nearly 300 BTC, now I have none. 
I should have probable kept some coin, because I've started looking at it from the perspective of available currency in the world and the viability of Bitcoin to be a major player in the world currency market. 
You have to really ask what the market cap of Bitcoin needs to be in order to be a viable currency. Given that we know how many Bitcoin there are on market, and how many there will ever be, the only way you can get more people into Bitcoin isn't by creating more of it, it is by increasing the value of it.
People compare Bitcoin to gold. Ok, well gold is currently around $7.5 trillion in availability based on current value. If Bitcoin is to be as ubiquitous as gold when it comes to use as a store of value, then the value of 1 Bitcoin would have to be over $400,000.
Thia only applies if Bitcoin is being used as a store of value and not what many are currently using it for is a means of transferring fiat currency. By this, I mean as a merchant, I may accept Bitcoin, but the moment the transaction is made, Bitcoin is converted to local currency. That Bitcoin is now on someone else's hands. I don't see this increasing value very much. 
Bottom line, if you believe in the future of Bitcoin and it's potential to be a true viable international currency, then the value will need to increase significantly higher than it is today in order to allow the world to transact in it. In this case, Bitcoin is still young, and I would say that it still should be a buy, even at current value. Bitcoin can be both a short term and a long term game. Short term is stressful, but I think the future has potential if you believe in the direction that would allow it to grow in value.