@_author: chels360
@_date: 2013-09-22 17:27:49
Not Coinbase; litany of issues with security - see, for example,  - and they will not wire or ACH deposit either. Dead end. Use Camp BX or go local with localbitcoins.com. You know, it's funny how there are so many jack-ass operations that can't seem to pull it together to offer a reliable source of buying/selling BTCs online that we have to just say "fuck it" and do the damn thing ourselves in person.  
@_date: 2013-09-21 19:32:23
Just request a BTC refund and cash out another way. 
@_date: 2013-09-22 17:49:59
I get nothing in response and have been trying for days. Just random cancellations to my orders with the same form letter response, sent right before I'm supposed to get the BTC. Some orders go through, some don't. Just dumb. 
@_date: 2013-09-22 17:41:36
Go ahead and cancel and there are better options. I just thought Coinbase was so cool and streamlined and great - what a contribution they could make to building strength and reputation to BTC. But this thing they're doing -- if the algo's cancelling an order like mine, the system is haywire and they can't even write a reasonable form letter or follow up in any way to the first 2-3 sentence message I sent. Quite frankly, I think it's unfortunate that there are so many jack-ass operations that can't seem to pull it together to offer a reliable source of buying/selling BTCs online that we have to just say "fuck it" and do the damn thing ourselves in person. Trying localbitcoins.com as well as Camp Bx. Used Mt. Gox before but then decided to experiment with Coinbase. Mt. Gox has much, much better customer service - response time to problems is normally within hours - but their market price is jacked right now.    
@_date: 2013-09-24 19:00:47
Same here. Canned response from Coinbase and no assistance. Lots of previous orders, totally verified and Level 2, waited 30 days, etc. Doesn't matter. 
@_date: 2013-09-22 17:56:19
Granted, I haven't waited that long. That form letter they sent just really pissed me off: "Unfortunately, we have decided to cancel this order because it appears to be high risk. We do not send out any bitcoins on high risk transactions, and you will receive a refund to your bank account in 3-4 business days.
Please understand that we do this to keep the community safe and avoid fraudulent transactions. Apologies if you are one of the good users who gets caught up in this preventitive measure - we don't get it right 100% of the time, but we need to be cautious when it comes to preventing fraud.
You may have more luck trying again in a few weeks. Best of luck and thank you for trying Coinbase.
Kind regards,
The Coinbase Team"
So, if all of a sudden my orders are being cancelled, how do I go about using your service then? How do I avoid this problem in the future? If they whitelist people, mention that; it's easy. Write a sentence saying so in your form letter. It lets people know that this cancellation doesn't mean they can't use the service any more. 