@_author: chevdor
@_date: 2014-07-31 22:30:22
In my opinion you should first experiment. First pick a wallet. Take the bitcoin-qt. It sounds like a safe start for you. Buy for a few dollars and 'play' to discover how it works.
If you have friend into it, make a few transactions together.
Then pick your risk factor as nothing is guaranteed. Buy btc for your 500usd. Plan on keeping some as is and trade the rest.
Trading is risky on the short term. Beware....
@_date: 2014-08-05 23:14:58


A long time indeed *the first time* and this is not just slow it is really checking all transactions, which is something the wallets you mention don't do.
@_date: 2014-07-27 06:43:42
So we are taking about the following: you have about 2c in btc and look for a solution no avoid paying 0.4c of fees....
I don't think this is the right motivation to select a wallet.
Your concerns should be ease of use, security, etc...
If you want a solution both secure and flexible (aka coincontrol) I would recommend Armory. I don't know mutlibit too much but most wallets allow you to export your wallet and armory can import that.
Just beware, exporting your wallet will expose it during the operation so to save your 0.4c you take the (small) risk to lose all.
If you are not sure and want something simple I would recommend Blockchain and its mobile app. You can control the fee on the latest version released a few days ago.
@_date: 2014-07-27 07:08:35
Great to hear that helps you.
I wish you lots of fun. You can up vote my posts ;)
As someone mentioned the whole thing brings probably much more security than you really need but.... What the heck: this is fun ;)
While you are at your live CD investigation, have a look at the armory wallet. This is an excellent solution and the help/explanations in this wallet helped me a lot. This is as far as I  know the only solution to offline sign transactions.
In other words that means that you could install armory on your regular, let's say insecure PC but load your wallet as watch only. You will see your funds but you cannot spend them. That applies for anything that would gain access to your wallet/machine.
On the other hand you have your offline armory wallet running on live cd , never ever connected to the internet, to sign transactions.
This is heavy and only make sense for big funds but good to know!
@_date: 2014-07-27 06:34:24
Using a chromebook (ie a machine that is not much without internet connection) for offline use is strange IMO...
You can do simpler: get a CD of a live Linux distribution you trust and use it.
Many people simply get a cheap used laptop and reinstall an os for offline use.
Note that coinbase just released a new feature called vault. This may be worth checking out.
@_date: 2014-07-27 06:59:46
You are right but this is not the point. The point is that it is ridiculously small amount not paying the fee should not be the motivation to select a wallet.
But you are right. Thanks for the correction.
@_date: 2014-08-06 05:31:10
You exaggerate a bit. You don't have to have bitcoin-qt running all the time.
I just think that one of the good practice when jumping in the btc world is to be cautious and that starts with not picking *any* wallet (not saying the wallets you mention are now not).
If one is willing to sacrifice security for ease of use (which is OK for small amounts) then I would go with the Blockchain app which gives IMO an experience even better overall than the wallets you mention.
@_date: 2014-07-31 22:22:15
Up to you but keep in mind that some wallet will offer a 0 btc fee. But your transaction will never be validated.
@_date: 2014-07-27 07:30:18
That's why it is recommended generated new addresses for each transaction. 
Also shouting a main btc address everywhere in the hope that someone bored would send funds may not be the best idea ;)
Today most wallet are not predictive (I think it is called limited that but not sure). That means that after creating a new address you must backup your wallet again :(
Wallets such as armory are better as you backup ones and magically all the addresses you WILL create are part of the backup. You can try. Make an empty wallet, back it up. Create an address and make a transaction. Delete the whole thing and ask armory to restore your backup.
@_date: 2014-07-27 06:48:54
I understand your concern.
You should give it a try with a live CD though.
Nowadays what it takes is the ability to download an ISO, burn it, stuff it in your machine and reboot.
This process is usually explained in more details where you will get your live CD from.
As it sounds you seem to be new to the topic so I would recommend an Ubuntu live CD.
@_date: 2014-08-07 07:16:03
In short: you can either store your btc on a device ( phone, computer) and then you are responsible for the backup safety etc.
Or you can use a service online such as Blockchain who will take take off that backup and security for you. With the later, your coins are available from several devices.
There is no: what is the best solution. However, for new comers I would recommend (as a start) to use Blockchain and their mobile apps.
Later once you know more about the topic (vastly discussed) you can easily transfer your coins to whatever wallet you like.
@_date: 2014-07-27 07:15:36
The problems are not the calculators but the estimates they make.
The first being your electrify price. If you know it, that will be realistic.
What is hard to predict is the evolution of the difficulty. If it goes higher than your calculation then your whole estimation will be wrong and you will not see the btc u expected. 
Keep in mind that those calculators also  consider 24/7 running of your miners.
If you are a home user, your network will go down, your Miner may crash etc. All this down time will decrease your gain.
So you need to answer the question too yourself: what uptime can I get from my Miner.
Say for instance you do work and not at home, leave in the morning and your Miner crashes. You lose the whole day then until you realize the issue and fix it. That becomes a big problem if the issue requires more than a reboot.
@_date: 2014-07-14 08:30:06
No wallet can cheat and pay from an address it/you don't own. 
However, what can happen if you use an unfriendly wallet/app is that it steals/share the private keys of your wallet. If those are compromise, whoever has them can transfer funds.
To get started with small amount, wallets like Blockchain or coinbase will be good as they probably know more about security than you do. Once you understand better you can give a shot to another wallet where YOU manage the keys. When you do that that also means that YOU become responsible or your security. That means protecting your data (thieves, backups, ....)
I would recommend bitcoin-qt and armory. Those will first need to download the full Blockchain which may take up to a few days so once again starting with the Blockchain app is probably an easier start.
@_date: 2013-12-20 10:09:30
This matrix logo is a nice one but I think it does not play in favor of Bitcoin.
If you want to bring Bitcoin to the mass (and if you own btc, you probably want), this crypto-hacker-mysterious topic should be made simple. If we keep it "for-geek-knowning-about-crypto-only", the price will hardly go up.
I also don´t like the 'shortcut' of using physical coins but it helps people to understand that behind the bits, there is money (to say it quick and simple).
I like the bitcoin movie that has been made ( because they try to explain simply.
Bitcoin will be picked by the mass exactly when the mass will NOT think about the Matrix when they think about bitcoin but instead about: restaurant, dvd, vacations, cars, pizza (checked :))
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:16:07
What is the benefit over storing the private key in a USB flash disk or paper wallet besides the fact that it looks very cool? 