@_author: chickendinner157
@_date: 2018-06-14 19:16:51
Wow, your links are filled with half quotes, hearsay, and flat out lies.   First of all, anonymous sources about a conversation is not credible.  So when you say things like “these are direct quotes directly from Trump that cannot be denied”, you are lying.  
I will go through the entire newsweek list of racist statements but first here are the awards that racist President Trump has received. 
Donald Trump won an award from Jessee Jackson in 1999 for his dedication to the black community.  
 He also won the Ellis Island Medal of Honor award along with Rosa Parks and Mohammed Ali for his work in helping the black community in 2005.  
Trump also won the Tree of Life award from the Jewish National Fund.
1.  The first quote in the newsweek article is not in context and they only posted part of it.   
Here is the real quote below in complete context:
“When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best. They’re not sending you. They’re not sending you. They’re sending people that have lots of problems, and they’re bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people. But I speak to border guards and they tell us what we’re getting. And it only makes common sense. It only makes common sense. They’re sending us not the right people. It’s coming from more than Mexico. It’s coming from all over South and Latin America, and it’s coming probably— probably— from the Middle East. But we don’t know. Because we have no protection and we have no competence, we don’t know what’s happening. And it’s got to stop and it’s got to stop fast.”
Trump is referring to the Mexican government sending their criminals here, many of whom are drug dealers, rapists, and criminals.  Stating that is not racist.  It’s just stating the truth.
2.  According to another anonymous source Trump allegedly said that all Haitians have aids.   This is not a public statement.  If Trump had said many Haitians have Aids he would be correct.  
3..  The “go back to their huts” statement is only a half quote again.  Trump allegedly said that once they take a look at the United States, they will never go back to their huts again”.    This is a quote from anonymous source.  Either way,  it’s not racist.  Many Nigerians live in huts.  That’s a fact.  He was using this as an example to show that Nigerians will drop everything in a heartbeat and move here if they see what America is really like.   Is he stereotyping?  Yes, he is.  But that’s not racist. 
4.  Trump said Aghanistan is a terrorist haven.  So what?  What’s racist about that?  It’s true.
5. During the 2016 presidential election, Trump called out a Gold Star Muslim family and insinuated that the mother wasn’t talking because she was Muslim.
“If you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably, maybe she wasn’t allowed to have anything to say. You tell me,” Trump said in an interview with ABC News in July.
Once again, this isn’t a racist statement because Islam is not a race, it is a religion.  Also, is it unreasonable to think that women living in an orthodox Sharia household would be allowed to comment publicly on matters?   Muslim women don’t usually have much freedom under Sharia law.  That’s a fact.  Either way, even if this was a jab at Muslims,  it’s not racist.  
6.   The Judge Gonzalo Curiel quote is not racist.  Trump questioned his ability to judge fairly on his case given his Mexican heritage since he wants to build a wall.   It could be argued that a bias could exist against him.  It’s not racist.  
7.  Trump “allegedly wouldn’t rent to black people”.   We need evidence of this.
8.   Trump retweeted an anti-semetic meme.  Was this the one that shows a star like the Disney star or is it a star of David?  Jews do not have a monopoly on the use of stars.  Also, Trump’s own daughter is a jew.   Plus, the Jewish faith is a religion, not a race.  No racism here.
9. He was called a racist in November after he said this to Navajo Code Talkers: “I just want to thank you because you’re very, very special people. You were here long before any of us were here, although we have a representative in Congress who, they say, was here a long time ago. They call her ‘Pocahontas.’ But you know what, I like you because you are special. You are special people.”
Seriously?  Trump was making a joke to them and they laughed about the Pocahontas “Elizabeth Warren” jab.  Not racist at all.
10.  Both Hillary Clinton and Trump believed in the birther theory at one point.  However,  the birther theory or questioning someone’s eligibility for the Presidency is not racist.    People were questioning John McCain’s eligibility as well since he was born overseas in 2008.
11.  Trump telling the Republican Jewish Coaliton that he called himself a “negotiator like you folks” is not racist.  Judiasm is not a race, it’s a religion.  Also, Jews are stereotyped as great in business and good negotiators.   That’s a complement.
12.  Trump said blacks are lazy.  Where?  No evidence of this.  Heresay does not count.
13.   President blamed both sides in the Charlottesville.  Antifa showed up also on the other side. Condemning both sides was the right thing to do.  Both are extremist groups.  Nothing racist about this at all.
14.  “Trump retweeted anti-Muslim propaganda.”  No, he retweeted anti terrorism propaganda.   He wants Europe to wake up.  
15.   Trump pointed out to a black man in a crowd and said “look at my African American over there”. So what?
16.  Trump retweeted false statistics about crime.  So?  There are statistics that back up the overall point he was trying to get across.
17.  Trump said many African American’s were “living in hell” in reference to inner cities.  So what? He’s right about that.  Our inner cities suck with crime and living conditions.
