@_author: chicano_ducky
@_date: 2018-01-17 04:29:18
exactly, people were going on and on and on about how they should hoard a currency. Flooded by people who wanted easy money with no working financial knowledge treating a currency like a product.
And no one found that a problem when MONEY is being treated like the BEANIE BABIES of the 90s. People forgot that money has a strict way it was supposed to act and was meant to be used in transactions.
The way people treat it, crypto is just a number in a wallet and people pay real money so their number can go up. The way people treat it, Bitcoin has no actual use.
and its gonna get worse as price fluctuations end up making trading in bitcoin worthless. No one will want to trade because they MIGHT lose money tomorrow.
Everyone was cheering on for rapid, unstable deflation as if that's how a currency should work. Except that makes paying in bitcoin harder. For fuck sake people who bought video games with it when bitcoin was worthless are now bitching about how they lose so much money and will never spend again.
A currency you are too scared to spend is worthless.
@_date: 2018-01-17 13:30:28
Never will, because the USD has obligations and considerations that bitcoin can never fulfill nor was MEANT to fulfill. Especially in a rapid deflation scenario that means its worthless for transactions because everyone would hoard it instead of spend.
The average America WILL NOT know how to handle Bitcoin or any form of monetary policy. Ever. They can't see past their own noses to the greater picture.
the USD has to account for the US economy, the reserves, and the global oil consumption. Bitcoin doesn't account for anything. It just exists without any rules or obligations that other currencies do.
Bitcoin is like buying a pack of gum with a gold bar. Unless its value rate slows and becomes STABLE, it won't be adopted as a currency. Only as a store of value.
Bitcoin is a threat to gold, not actual money because actual money has to consider the nation's export market.
And since Bitcoins cannot grow as fast as you can print a dollar, Bitcoin cannot scale to the level the dollar does or fulfill a rapidly rapidly growing economy. Once Bitcoin hits its inherent cap, its over.
Bitcoin is like the gold standard, you never link your currency to something that cannot grow with your economy. The petrodollar is showing the US that the hard way.
Bitcoin is a nice alternative like gold, but it can never replace a fiat currency. Ever.
Its like the mania when Mexico was "rumored" to try to back its money with silver and shoot its value up 1,000%. Its not only bad economics that fails harder at econ 101 than the Soviet Union, but its missing the point what their currency is trying to accomplish which is being an export currency meant to push export volume. Same way the USD can never explode in value because it would kill exports.
I will never understand what this sub's fascination with rapid deflation is, and how the best thing ever and EVERY currency should be doing it. Deflation is only good for import market at the expense of the domestic export market. America relying on Bitcoin would make all domestic competitiveness collapse overnight because of the uncontrolled deflation.
@_date: 2018-02-04 12:19:43
nah man, didn't you hear everyone screaming how you should hoard currency because "this will finally end DA THEFTIN' DEEP STATE AND DA JOOOZ and usher in the ANCAP PARADISE." /s
Obviously the reddit cocophany are the words of an economic genius who surely didn't fail econ 101 while being as conspiratorial and antisemetic as possible. surely.
Bitcoin failed as a currency, now its a hold of value that has no backing other than pure hype and will collapse when the illicit market moves onto other laundering schemes.
@_date: 2017-09-08 01:57:43
The problem is that people don't realize currency has multiple purposes it needs to fulfill.
Dollars NEED to inflate because the amount of money needs to grow to sustain a growing economy. An economy growing without the money pool also growing makes the economy less efficient as hyper deflation is as dangerous as hyper inflation.
Currency also needs to inflate when selling or exporting, because why buy products with an expensive currency if cheaper currencies have the same product? Deflation only helps in buying but you can't buy if you can't sell your services because the conversion rate is shit.
Why buy an apple at 10 US dollars when you can buy it for 1 peso which is worth less than the US dollar?
Bitcoin is not used for large interactions with other economies nor is it required to grow to fit the economy because Bitcoin is not the accepted standard currency. Bitcoin has no other purpose than to hold value, it does not need to maintain a day to day economy.
This entire meme completely misses the point of basic economics. Inflation does not exist because some evil banker hates you, it inflates for many reasons and some of them are actually GOOD for you. Deflation is not a universal good either. 