@_author: chilldillwillnill2
@_date: 2016-01-18 21:57:47
He just said it was the engineers lack of communication skills that are at fault...you said he was correct, then said the fault is not in the engineers.  
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:23:57
Lol.  Yea, the majority of bitcoin companies and bitcoin miners just aren't as smart as you.  Clearly the dude that Satoshi chose to head up the bitcoin project (Gavin) just doesn't understand as much as you do about bitcoin.  Thanks for the laugh moron.
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:13:48
No one said blockstream wants to destroy bitcoin.  I suggested they want to see bitcoin succeed, simply with a high fee market to support LN profits.  Yes, I know how LN works, I read the whitepaper.  And yes, I know who invested: Khosla, Mosaic, and Reid Hoffman to name a few.  I know a couple of the investors personally.
@_date: 2016-01-21 21:24:30
Read the rest of that very same sentence.
@_date: 2016-01-22 16:42:21
You keep saying stuff like "if miners threaten..."
What are you talking about?  Honestly?  The *only people* I've heard say they would support the losing fork are the core devs.  Those are the only ones.  Everyone else is just saying they'll support the dominant bitcoin blockchain, whatever it is.  Most miners have said they'd much prefer to support Core, as long as Core releases innovations necessary for bitcoin to thrive.  Core keeps releasing great improvement after improvement, with just the one big exception of block size.
Then you talk about centralization, but again, *the only people* I see advocating for centralization today are the core devs who are saying it's their way or they'll blow up bitcoin.  Everyone else is saying we want decentralized competitive development.
Do you honestly not see bitcoin's centralized control by one company - blockstream, to be a threat to freedom and decentralization?
You clearly know plenty about bitcoin, so your rhetoric confuses me.   I want a decentralized bitcoin that ensures economic freedom.  That's why I oppose blockstream dictatorship and want competitive development.
@_date: 2016-01-26 22:23:02
Let's not kid ourselves.  There's two groups among core devs.  The FUD group who openly say they fear a hard fork so much they'd rather hamstring the network and prevent additional transactions than risk a blocksize increase, even after a year of testing and analysis on the results of a 2MB upgrade.  And the "we want higher fees" crowd that openly wants higher fees for various reasons.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 00:49:31
I think you're confusing the order.  "latter" means the one later in the example.  In this case SegWit was latter/later.  That was the expert opinion 5 months ago.  Adam wrote 2 MB "now", SegWit when it's ready.
@_date: 2016-01-19 22:16:15
Wait, you're saying you'd specifically support the losing hard fork?  Jesus.  That might be the single most anti-bitcoin thing I've come across.  Far more damaging than anything Hearn has said or done.
Don't you see the irony in complaining about the dangers of hard forks and then specifically saying that **you would be the source of those dangers?**   The vast majority of the ecosystem will just accept the fork with majority support, and everything will be fine.  You're specifically saying that you will **create** the danger you say you fear.
@_date: 2016-01-19 20:18:11
The current drama is proving you wrong.  The core devs may be the world's top experts, but their opinions are completely irrelevant because of bitcoin's design.  Expertise doesn't give you control.  Running a full node and having hash power give you control.  
To the extent that experts are able to convince operators of full nodes and miners to support their vision, they have power.  If they can't, they don't.  It's that simple, because that's how bitcoin actually works.
@_date: 2016-01-19 16:15:31
Thanks for the correction.
@_date: 2016-01-27 16:50:35
It's always funny to me how people pretend to know what final form LN will take.  It's no where near finished.  We simply don't know how the fee model will work.  The idea that 10+ VCs invested $20m totally altruistically is laughable though.  They believe that Adam will find a way for Blockstream to profit, most likely off LN.  
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:46:32
Lol at FUD.  Dude, how can you not see that it's the blockstream mafia spreading FUD.  The rest of us (including the vast majority of miners and bitcoin companies) want innovation.  It's the core devs saying, no we can't dare raise the blocksize limit without 18 months of careful testing and discussion and total unanimous consensus.
As Gavin said, if a team can't make the bitcoin network support more than 4 webpages of content every 10 minutes after a year of trying, I think we need a new team.
@_date: 2016-01-21 15:14:11
Do you simply assume what you read from the core devs?  Why not do your own checking?  Many of the miners and biggest bitcoin companies have explicitly tweeted their support for classic.  You're just brainwashed.  
And you're misuing the word altcoin.  The longest chain is bitcoin.  Period.  Core becomes an altcoin when the majority abandon it.
@_date: 2016-01-19 23:05:42
Why?  What does litecoin provide that bitcoin doesn't?
@_date: 2016-01-26 19:46:03
The trick is that the full node operator doesn't know that anything is wrong and that they are falsely validating new blocks.  They have to manually take the steps you're suggesting to protect themselves from the "stealth hardfork."  
The fact that such steps are relatively simple doesn't mean it's not a trick.  It's relatively simple to run a full node that supports 2MB or 4 MB blocks.  But the core devs say they're concerned that some full node operators will simply choose not to make the minor changes necessary to support bigger blocks leading to a loss of full node count.  For this reason they're against the larger size.  Similarly, it's highly likely that at least some full node operators will fail to check transaction numbers and will therefore be falsely validating new blocks, meaning that maybe we shouldn't make the change?
I think people often think like technical developers and not like commercial users (or casual node operators).  a lot of people run full nodes as "plug and play" and don't want to deal with anything more complex.
@_date: 2016-01-26 23:18:35
You know that SegWit is a thousand times riskier and more complicated than a simple blocksize increase right (-;
@_date: 2016-01-21 22:17:45
What are you looking for, specific names?  I implied a vast group of which I specifically labelled 2 subgroups.  The remainder of the vast group excluding miners and bitcoin companies are primarily users.  So the "us" are: Mike, Frank, Joe, Bob, Chao, Yun, etc etc etc
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:23:07
It's more like: "Bitcoin has stagnated, the community can't innovate anymore without blockstream mafia approval.  Development is controlled by a small group of dictators with separate financial incentives.  This isn't Satoshi's bitcoin."
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:19:04
Lol you've got it backwards.  This forum heavily censors in favor of the blockstream mafia.
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:56:33
Lol.  This is so disingenuous.  You know very well that Satoshi specifically set a cap that was *far* above any possible potential # of transactions just to prevent a spam attack.  The issue of blocks actually being full of legitimate transactions is new, as is the cleavage of the community into core devs on one side, and miners + bitcoin companies + users + gavin and jeff on the other side.
@_date: 2016-01-27 00:29:32
Lol.  Do you really want me to link to comments from lukejr, adam back, Todd, Wuille on this forum?  Or do you want me to link to comments from theymos where he describes his censorship methodologies?
You must be new here.
@_date: 2016-01-27 17:05:21
SegWit does not exist yet.  We all hope it will be ready in april.  In the mean time, bitcoin's growth and future are being directly hurt, both in the form of a growing list of unconfirmed transactions and higher fees (both of which will *hopefully* skyrocket if transaction volume continues growing in the next 3 months), and in the form of public perception of the uncertainty and political infighting this has created.
And SegWit by hard fork is great.  SegWit by soft fork is awful.  The only way it's possible by soft fork is by tricking non-updated full nodes into validating all new blocks.  It's a stealth hard fork that succeeds by centralizing deception, directly undermining the validation purposes of full nodes.  
My biggest concern is the centralization this has exposed.  The majority of miners, exchanges, big bitcoin companies, and users, all wanted a 2MB upgrade 3 months ago.  Heck, even Adam Back agreed back in August that we should upgrade to 2 MB first then do SegWit.  Yet a dozen core devs apparently have more power and control over bitcoin than the rest of the community combined.  That's scary and I think the community needs to take a stand against that before faith is lost in the decentralized nature of the bitcoin experiment.
@_date: 2016-01-22 15:24:41
This is so completely wrong, I feel like you must be trolling.  Satoshi's whole premise for bitcoin was that it was secured by hash power.  That's what proof of work means.  That's why satoshi said things like the longest chain is the valid chain by definition.  
opt-in RBF is a technical solution, not a commercial one.  Picture a typical consumer who attempts a purchase, thinks it's done, and only realizes 20 minutes later that they now need to do some fancy RBF thing to make it work.
The only possible way there would be a bitcoin A and a bitcoin B is if the core devs make that happen.  Everyone else is content to just jump on the majority fork immediately.  
@_date: 2016-01-21 23:17:41
A year of testing on this relatively simple issue isn't enough?  The core devs seem comfortable rolling out RBF with far less testing.
@_date: 2016-01-21 18:37:56
When people refer to Satoshi, they're referring to his initial vision for the project, which presumably most of the people who signed on to develop bitcoin agreed with.  If people want to reject that vision they should say it explicitly.
@_date: 2016-01-21 21:13:55
Wait, we need more than core devs for consensus?  I thought they were all that matter?
@_date: 2016-01-19 16:15:16
Lol.  If you build a product that your intended market isn't smart enough to use, you failed to build a good product.  Similarly if I write a book that no one can make sense of, the fault is mine.  Products and essays don't exist in a vacuum.  
@_date: 2016-01-22 02:05:39
What on earth are you talking about "other" coins?  The entire discussion is about necessary innovations to ensure that the bitcoin blockchain stays relevant.  Are you one of those theymos-devotees who just doesn't understand what the word "altcoin" means?  You really think that the bitcoin blockchain with a 2 MB blocksize isn't bitcoin?  lolz
Miners aren't pushing anything.  It's almost strange how quiescent they're being.  But not really that strange, since miners interests are extremely aligned with the general bitcoin community.  Their main priority is bitcoin price at which they sell their mining rewards.    They realize that creating a big fee market will likely just cost them money.  If they collect another 5 BTC in fees on each block but the value of bitcoin falls 30%, they've lost money.
As for "cried wolf", I'm honestly curious as to how you fail to understand the idea of a hard limit meeting a rising tide.  When blocks were 200k full, no one said there'd be a big problem immediately.  No one.  People said, "eventually, eventually transaction volume will pick up to the point that we hit the limit and that may cause big problems."  Well, now we're almost at that point.  I'm less concerned about the transactions that may get confirmed with $0.20 or $0.40 fees.  I'm more concerned about all the transactions that will remain in indefinite limbo, or won't get done at all, or about the new users who read about $0.40 fees to buy a $5 online subscription and figure, "hey, might as well use my credit card."  
I know you don't care about those types of attractions for bitcoin.  And neither do I once it's mature.  But now, we want users.  We want investment.  We want engineering.  Why scare people away?
@_date: 2016-01-27 00:15:01
You've got it totally backwards.
Consider a new company that has 10 users and 1 server.  The company understands that when it grows to 20 users, it will need to get another new server to support the growing userbase.  As its userbase grows, the company buys more servers to support the load, so it can continue serving its users.
Bitcoin is in a similar position.  We've been growing our userbase and the # of transactions that the blockchain supports, but we've let the underlying technology stagnate.  If we accept inaction, the experiment will fail, because bitcoin will cease to be useful to its users and they will turn to an alternative that can support their transactions.
Since its creation, bitcoin has been almost constantly improved upon.  The initial release of bitcoin had tons of bugs.  They were gradually fixed and the code has been improved with release after release.  Classic is just another such improvement.  SegWit will be another.  All the improvements simply aim to make bitcoin better able to serve its growing user base.  
As with any new technology, inaction is the greatest risk.  Inaction guarantees obsolescence and death of the technology.
@_date: 2016-01-22 17:37:34
Why do you keep talking about miners?  This isn't about miners' wishes vs core devs wishes.  It's about the bitcoin ecosystem (miners, big bitcoin companies, some developers, many users) vs core devs wishes.
Who is talking about destroying a development team?  No one wants to destroy the core dev team.  We just want the option to add innovation to bitcoin that the majority of the ecosystem supports that core devs don't like.  Do core devs have to have *complete* control and veto power over every single improvement to bitcoin?  Wouldn't it be ok if core devs controlled 90% of development, but occasionally other devs could contribute code that core doesn't like?
You say that "we" will stop the change before it happens by not using their software, but that's not what actually happened.  "We" **were** going to use the updated software by non-core devs, until the censorship and DDOS attacks stopped us.  I agree that "we" should decide the future of bitcoin via adoption.  That's why I oppose the use of censorship and DDOS to prevent "we" from having that power.
Let me ask you this.  Do you think that bitcoin with a 2MB blockchain is "garbage and won't last?"  Would you hold that same opinion if Core Devs included 2 MB in the next core update?  
I suspect that you really don't care about freedom or the blockchain, but about *who* is making the changes.  If a 2MB change is made by core devs you'll support it.  If it's made by other devs you'll oppose it.  That suggests to me that you're buying into a centralized, dictatorial vision of bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:34:41
Well said.  I agree with the qualitative assessment completely, but specifics matter.  Let's say going to 2 MB drops node count from 5500 to 5000.  Is that a big deal?  Or to 4500 or 4000?  
Another way I look at it: the cost per full node is less than $500.  So a  group like blockstream could spend less than 10% of their recent financing round and double the total full node count across all of bitcoin.  The more bitcoin gets adopted and the higher the price goes, the more likely it is that one or a few wealthy early adopters or bitcoin companies (like Coinbase) will spend a relatively trivial amount of money to dramatically increase the full node count.
@_date: 2016-01-21 17:00:17
Altcoin style improvements can be added to bitcoin?  Lol.  It's been a year and the core devs still say a blocksize increase is too dangerous.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 16:29:05
Lol.  I'm a self-interested user and holder.  I want fees to stay low as a user, and I want bitcoin to survive and prosper as a holder.  For both of these reasons, I oppose the centralization of the blockstream oligarchy.  The idea that a dozen core devs can successfully oppose the wishes and needs of the rest of the community may doom the bitcoin experiment.
@_date: 2016-01-21 15:20:13
I have heard of lightning.  It doesn't exist today.  And it probably won't be usable for 9 months according to its down developers.
There's no conspiracy theory.  Lightning network is being developed by Blockstream which is funded by investors who expect a return on their investment.  That return will be generated by profiting from Lightning network, which requires that the bitcoin blockchain be worse for transacting.
@_date: 2016-01-18 21:25:06
It's not safe at all.  SegWit by soft fork is massively centralizing, it effectively turns many full nodes into SPVs.  It's arguably the least safe option out there.
@_date: 2016-01-21 15:22:05
Um no.  Majority rule (as defined by node adoption and mining hash power) is literally the underlying code of bitcoin.  As Satoshi said, the longest blockchain is the valid blockchain.  Period.
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:17:23
Completely wrong.  Bitcoin is still in beta, and you're acting like it's IBM (with much to lose and little to gain.)
As a new technology, bitcoin must continue evolving or it will be replaced by more dynamic FinTech.
@_date: 2016-01-26 22:10:45
Opposite.  A lot of us are scared of how centralized bitcoin development has become.  We don't like the idea of the current core dev oligarchy. We want bitcoin to be decentralized, so we oppose the current blockstream/core oligopoly.  
Just consider this: the vast majority of big bitcoin companies, miners, and exchanges have all said they want 2 MB blocks.  Yet blockstream and core devs have managed to block that from happening.  Basically 20 guys have more power than the rest of the bitcoin ecosystem combined.  That's scary centralization.  Adam Back is a genius.  Doesn't mean I want him to be dictator of bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-21 15:21:22
You're wrong.  Bitcoin classic won't be rolled out until it has majority ecosystem support...which it already does.  The majority of exchanges and bitcoin companies *already* support it.
**Many merchants have publicly said they support the 2 MB hardfork, including Coinbase to name one.  They just get censored from this forum**
@_date: 2016-01-19 23:16:10
I don't think most of the ecosystem is focused on what happens later on.  None of us knows what will be needed, how fast transactions will increase etc.  The key is to unite for decisive action soon, to convince ourselves that bitcoin hasn't stagnated as a technology and become immobile due to political infighting.  We can always agree to a different change in 6 or 12 months if it becomes clearly appropriate.
@_date: 2016-01-27 18:24:04
"Money that serves some other non-monetary function is by definition less useful as money."
Why?  I could just as easily state the opposite: money that serves multiple functions is by definition more valuable than money that only serves one function.
Check, money itself is defined by economists as serving two functions: a medium for transactions and a store of value.  that's why lots of us are worried about the block cap hamstringing the network.  It's removing the value of bitcoin for the first use.
@_date: 2016-01-22 20:51:40
I agree with your premise, but the core roadmap has the opposite effect that you intend.
What does "centralization" mean for bitcoin?  there's 3 areas: 1. development, 2. full node count, and 3. mining.
1. Development: the Core devs are making it clear that it's their way or nothing.  Even if we accept 95% of their vision and code, if we make any changes that they don't like, they will do everything they can to destroy the new fork, including new PoW algorithms, DDOS attacks on nodes that adopt new code, censorship in this forum etc.  I want decentralized, competitive development, where the community can adopt whatever software it wants, that's why I oppose the core dictatorship.
2.  Core devs claim that moving to 2 MB would reduce the full node count.  Maybe, it's not clear.  Encouraging more users might actually increase the full node count.  Even if they're right and the full node count falls from say 5500 to 4000, they've made no meaningful argument about just how much "centralization" this reflects.  Blockstream itself just raised $21m in funding.  It costs less than $500 all-in to run a node for a year. Meaning if blockstream wanted, they could single handedly double the full node count using less than 10% of their financing.  I think this whole argument is just a red herring.
3. Mining - there's no evidence that either core or classic will help decentralize mining.
"resilience to change" is not a good property for a technology in beta at all.  Bitcoin is nothing today.  It is all potential.  To achieve its potential, it must continue to evolve and adapt, or it will be replaced by FinTech that is more dynamic.  I don't want bitcoin to become the next friendster or AOL dialup, I want it to remain dynamic enough to take over the world.  
TLDR if you want a decentralized, successful, robust bitcoin, you have to abandon the Core Dev / Blockstream Mafia dictatorship.
@_date: 2016-01-21 15:18:59
There's no infrastructure to support this, it would just be mass confusion.  The hard fork won't be "contentious" and it's not contentious now.  The vast majority of the bitcoin infrastructure supports a hard fork.  It's a small majority against it.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:41:20
Lol.  Saying "wrong" doesn't make it so.  Here's Gavin making the statement.  You can argue the technical details with him: 
You're getting the FUD backwards.  FUD is refusing to make a simple improvement to the network because you fear that hard fork might result in Armageddon.  
You see a lot of new accounts on this forum.  Maybe it's because the moderator bans accounts that post links to companies/exchanges/miners announcing their support for classic?
@_date: 2016-01-21 17:50:03
"correctly" becomes obsolete by definition in technology.  Currently bitcoin can transmit about 4 webpages worth of content every 10 minutes.  It's kind of like AOL dialup.  Once fiber comes along, bitcoin has to change dramatically or it will fail like dialup.
@_date: 2016-01-27 15:27:13
Tip: don't post meaningless ad hominem.  No one cares.  And you look stupid when you post it in response to simple, factually correct statements.  
@_date: 2016-01-22 01:55:16
Sure the initial sync is hard.  Block size won't make much of a difference for that.  The best answer is probably to offer blockchain pre-2015 on a UBS stick or something.
@_date: 2016-01-22 00:55:20
Do you really think people will use a FinTech that requires an auction every time they want to do a transaction?  Someone is gonna try to send bitcoin or buy something with them, see that it's not getting confirmed, see that the answer is either wait 3 days for it to fall out of the mempool or do something really complicated like generating an offline transaction ID and rebroadcasting, and simply give up on bitcoin.
this isn't correct.  I routinely have trouble getting transactions transmitted even with a $0.04 fee.  No one is sending dust or spam and outpaying me.  The blocks are full of legitimate transactions.  And this is with blocks generally beeing 600-900k full.  Hopefully in a month or two we'll be averaging closer to 1 MB, and then we'll start seeing lots of legit transactions simply dropping out of the mempool and creating real problems for the users in the meantime.
@_date: 2016-01-22 20:38:44
Of course.  His point is that an increase to 2 MB should've been on the road map 3 months ago.  Do you think it's an accident that the road map has SegWit and LN released only *after* blocksizes have hit the cap?
you also repeated the roadmap argument.  Again, the blocksize cap issue has been discussed for a year.  Why do you think core devs constructed the road map specifically to avoid a blocksize increase that could mitigate pressure while they work on SegWit and LN?  
"FYI: Classic includes "artificial limits" on the block size. Sweet criticism attempt."  It's called compromise.  I know that seems like a foreign concept if you're used to the blockstream mafia threatening scorched earth tactics and DDOS attacks if they don't get exactly what they want.  But other devs are happy to compromise their vision to meet the demands of the broader community and to facilitate consensus.
@_date: 2016-01-27 00:27:50
What on earth are you talking about?  Literally no one suggested that.
Are you confusing democracy (one vote per person) with my argument that the dominant players - people who've made massive economic investments, people who best understand the commercial landscape, people who represent nearly all of the competing economic aspects of bitcoin, people who collectively *are* the bitcoin ecosystem - all want something?
Let me ask you this, which is preferable:
1. Technical changes get made when there's a superconsensus of the bitcoin ecosystem that includes every type of user/miner/exchange/company
or 
2. Technical changes get made when 2 dozen core devs and blockstream employees say so.
@_date: 2016-01-21 18:49:25
Are you really comparing one dude spouting his opinion (aka propaganda campaign) versus the massive censorship efforts of the blockstream mafia?
@_date: 2016-01-27 23:05:07
First, we have to define decentralization.  I think of it along 3 axes.  1. Development, 2. Validation (aka full node count), and 3. Mining.
1.  Development is currently almost completely centralized with a dozen core devs controlling all code updates and threatening scorched earth tactics (like changing the PoW algorithm to put all miners out of business if they adopt classic).  A dozen core devs have managed to stave off the desires of the rest of the community for a while now.  Growth in bitcoin generally brings more engineering interest and more funding for development, supporting multiple developer teams.
2. Validation is currently at 5500 full nodes.  The count has indeed been dropping, I think primarily as a function of ASICS.  In the earliest days, people would mine and run a full node.  Today, mining is pointless for individuals, so many of those same people have turned off their full nodes.  The individuals that mine mostly do so altruistically.  What is most likely to create more altruistic full node providers?  I think a larger pool of these individuals and more wealth in the bitcoin ecosystem (e.g. people like Roger Ver who got rich off of bitcoin are likely to "give something back" altruistically and run a full node).  Core devs have said that since running a node at 2 MB is more expensive than at 1 MB, that the full node count will fall in the event of an upgrade.  Probably true, but probably not substantially.  Everyone I know who runs a full node says that 2 MB would be trivially easy for them.  It's also worth noting that major economic players (e.g. companies that use bitcoin) almost always run a full node for validation.  So the larger the bitcoin economy gets, the more of these players that will operate full nodes.  This growth is relatively slow though.  100 new Coinbases might only provide 100 new full nodes.  
3.  Mining has grown increasingly centralized as a result of ASICs and cheap electricity in China.  No one has suggested a solution to this.  We could change the PoW mechanism, but that's currently politically unpopular.  I don't know if more adoption would decentralize mining, but decreasing BTC prices would certainly do the opposite since it's the least efficient miners who would turn off first, leaving mostly huge server farms mining bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-19 23:04:08
No, because that's not how the code works.  Bitcoin classic will only cause a fork if and when it's adopted by majority.
You might also be interested to know that the vast majority of miners and large bitcoin companies *already* support classic.  It's got supermajority support.  It's almost entirely the core devs being contentious. Check out the polls linked on the bitcoin classic homepage.  Also, bitfinex, f2pool, and bitfury just announced their support in the last 48 hours.
@_date: 2016-01-21 15:16:05
Sure, but what does "gradually" means when we're talking about a technology still in beta?  We've been talking about block size increases for a full year now.
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:47:23
The situation at hand has only existed for 6-12 months.  The competing financial interests of blockstream is a pretty new thing.
@_date: 2016-01-21 20:01:29
You honestly can't figure it out?  Because anyone who says anything about blockstream gets banned from the forum and so has to create a new account.  I'm embarrassed for you that you couldn't figure this out on your own.
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:09:22
Shhhhh.  Obviously allowing bitcoin to continue confirming the transactions that its users want would somehow make bitcoin more fragile, because it would undermine Blockstream's future LN profits.
Anything that hurts blockstream's profits is obviously centralizing and bad for bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-27 17:59:29
It's not so much reddit users as it is the bulk of the bitcoin ecosystem.
Bitpay, Blockchain.info, Circle, KnCMiner, Bitnet, Xapo, and BitGo all support hard fork to bigger blocks: 
Bitfury supports classic: 
Open Bazaar CEO supports hard fork to bigger blocks: 
Brian Armstrong (CEO of coinbase) explicitly supports a hard fork. 
@_date: 2016-01-22 00:05:03
1. When I checked this morning, there were 4000 unconfirmed transactions and 5 blocks in a row all over 900k.  And the mempool has broken 150 mb in the last 2 weeks.  So, it's possible that we'll get serious problems in the next 2 months.
2. Segwit by hard fork would be great.  Segwit by soft fork is hugely centralizing and problematic.  The way it would be achieved by soft fork is by effectively tricking non-upgraded full nodes into confirming any new block that uses SegWit, effectively rendering those nodes meaningless for validation, except those node operators would be unaware that their nodes have been rendered useless this way.  
3.  We're all hoping that bitcoin explodes in popularity, and we have no way of predicting the pace of adoption, but it's likely to be non-linear if successful.  I have no idea what might spur much faster adoption.  Maybe if Robert Downey Junior annnounces he has all his money in bitcoin, or maybe Open Bazaar explodes in popularity, or maybe the PM of India encourages people in his country to use it.  I have no idea, but if bitcoin is substantially more popular at the end of 2016 than it is now, there's a good chance it happened rather suddenly and explosively, which might mean we need more than 2 MB blocks.
4.  Why rely on SegWit?  We have an easy, simple, and safe solution in the mean time with 75%+ community consensus (among miners, bitcoin companies, exchange CEOs, and users all being over 75% when polled).  Most of those groups don't care the exact form a solution takes (and would prefer the solution to be rolled out as part of core by the core devs), but they want an increase in blocksize now.
@_date: 2016-01-26 18:58:38
With some soft forks though, that renders the non-upgraded nodes "tricked."  for example, SegWit by softfork centralizes bitcoin by tricking non-upgraded nodes into validating all new blocks.  It'd probably be better if those nodes didn't exist than to have them falsely validate.
@_date: 2016-01-27 17:33:43
You're on the wrong forum.  R3 has nothing to do with bitcoin.  It's not a competitor of bitcoin's.  Banks want a method of performing inter-bank fiat settlement and a private blockchain seems like a useful improvement over their current database software.  None of that has anything to do with bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-27 00:32:48
SegWit will be great, once it's ready for release.  Of course by that time, *hopefully* we'll need even more of a blocksize expansion since bitcoin will continue growing.  
@_date: 2016-01-21 18:27:41
Does *anyone* think bitcoin is a mature technology and mature currency?  *anyone*?
As for who evolves bitcoin - developers who then have their visions put into place by miners and node operators.
@_date: 2016-01-26 22:58:09
Core devs spend lots of time on this subreddit engaging in all sorts of debate, and having those debates censored.
@_date: 2016-01-26 22:57:08
Yes you're totally right.  Bitcoin's public image is protected by making it clear that bitcoin is centrally managed and that opposing views will not be tolerated.  It'd be terrible for bitcoin if people mistakenly got the view that the core devs shouldn't have total control over bitcoin's future.
@_date: 2016-01-21 15:17:34
So 90% of bitcoin is anti-bitcoin?  The majority of miners and exchange and big bitcoin companies are anti-bitcoin?  You might need to rethink what you think bitcoin is then.
@_date: 2016-01-21 23:52:12
So let's cut block size down to 100k!
No seriously though, I run a node, and everyone I talk to who runs a node all say the same thing: 2 MB makes no difference, 4 MB probably makes no difference.  This is 2016 for christ sakes, we're talking about relatively small amounts of data. 
Probably the best way to increase full node count is more user adoption, and we won't get that by hamstringing the transaction network.  SegWit is a bandaid (and a stealth hardfork that lies to non-updated full nodes).  The LN might be great if it ever gets here, but that's still a long ways away.
@_date: 2016-01-22 00:45:23
The surest way for bitcoin to die is to force it to stagnate.
Satoshi created bitcoin with the ability to innovate.  He anticipated the necessity of forks and talked about how they are resolved by hash power and full node adoption.  
My  priority is decentralization.  That's why I oppose the censorship on this forum, and the dictatorial control of the blockstream core devs.  I want *competitive* and *decentralized* development.  That's why I support bitcoin classic.  We just need to break the monopoly development.  
SegWit by soft fork is the most centralizing option on the table, since it renders all non-updated full nodes useless for validation, while fooling the node operators.
Also, you seem to mistakenly think that bitcoin is mature.  It's not, it's in beta.  It currently transmits the equivalent of 4 webpages of data every 10 minutes.  That's a joke.   Bitcoin is like AOL dial-up.  It's not IBM (much to lose little to gain).  It's nascent (little to lose, much to gain.)
The biggest risk is ossification and inaction.
And you have trouble syncing a full node?  WTF?  I do it no problem and all my friends do it no problem.  We could handle 4 MB no problem.  Maybe your internet connection or computer is trash?  This is 2016.  2 MB every 10 minutes shouldn't be hard.
@_date: 2016-01-21 22:39:41
"Emergency hard fork right away"?  What planet are you on?
A hard fork to increase blocksize has been discussed and tested for at least a year now.  It's the extreme version of patience.  The panic is arising over the successful dictatorship that the blockstream core devs seem to have imposed on the development ecosystem.  Developer centralization is a far greater concern than this silly argument that a hard fork will meaningfully increase centralization.  I am personally panicked that a dozen people employed by one company seem capable of preventing the innovation demanded by the majority of miners, bitcoin companies, and users.
Also, a lot of the new accounts exist, because theymos bans users who criticize blockstream or the core devs, so they have to create new accounts.
@_date: 2016-01-26 21:50:13
This isn't quite true.  Anyone can offer code to the repository, but a specific group decide what gets included in each public release.  
The vast majority of the bitcoin ecosystem, including most big bitcoin companies have publicly said they want 2 MB blocks ASAP.  The most politically powerful core devs oppose it, which is why they haven't released a core updated with it.  Alternative proposals *have* been put forward, but 1. nodes that adopted them were DDOS'ed, 2. The proposal is censored on this forum and people who support those proposals received death threats, and 3. Many people don't want to create a contentious split in the community and so while they beg core devs to give us 2 MB, they won't go so far as to supporting a contentious hard fork.
@_date: 2016-01-18 23:03:39
Yea.  And that misses the point of the original post.  The audience is what it is.  You have to deal with it to be a leader, otherwise pick a different community.  If you want to only deal with insider experts, don't work on an open source project in which the vast majority of the ecosystem (including the people who keep it alive by buying, spending, and accepting bitcoins) are non-experts.
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:49:02
I think miners and bitcoin companies are simply being honest that they don't have strict technical demands on what they want to see, but they believe that a near-term increase in blocksize is important, and they will support the first such fork that has consensus.
@_date: 2016-01-27 16:08:55
SegWit by soft fork doesn't have anywhere near 95% support.  
I agree supermajority should rule, not sure why supermajority should be 95% though.  Bitcoin is still in beta.  I don't want to kill it off by preventing necessary upgrades by setting too high a bar for changes.
I think inaction at this point is just as risky if not riskier than action.  Bitcoin is nascent.  Lots to gain, little to lose.
@_date: 2016-01-26 20:24:55
So again you keep parrotting the term "economic consensus" without even understanding that the economic consensus supports Classic.
The largest node operators in the ecosystem, entities like Coinbase, Bitfury and numerous exchanges have publicly tweeted that they support Classic.  Are you having trouble finding those public announcements?
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:13:41
Totally wrong.  Bitcoin is in beta.  New technologies must innovate or die.  Some innovations require a hard fork.  
If bitcoin stagnates technologically, other FinTech *will* take it's place.
@_date: 2016-01-27 20:15:16
10% fee?  It's a 1% fee. 
If you load fiat and then buy on the exchange as a market maker it's a 0% fee.
@_date: 2016-01-27 17:18:59
You seem to be confused by the term "developers."  Some developers say 2 MB is dangerous.  Some say 4 MB would be fine.  Both groups contain top experts who have been working on bitcoin for 5+ years.
Adam Back, CEO of blockstream and de facto head core developer was recommending a hard fork to 2 MB back in August.  
There are technical experts and developers on both sides of the debate.  The question is should we make changes when:
1. Technical experts, developers, and the vast majority of the bitcoin ecosystem wants a change
or 
2.  Technical experts and developers and blockstream employees want a change.
  
@_date: 2016-01-27 18:13:07
Ah, so that's the excuse now?  Core devs would give the bitcoin community what the community wants, if only the community would shut up...
All of the miners, exchanges, companies, posting that they want 2 MB blocks gets in the way of rolling out an update with 2 MB blocks?  
@_date: 2016-01-26 20:45:12
Why do you keep denying simple facts?  Educate yourself and stop spreading falsehoods:
Bitpay, Blockchain.info, Circle, KnCMiner, Bitnet, Xapo, and BitGo all support hard fork to bigger blocks: 
Bitfury supports classic:
Open Bazaar CEO supports hard fork to bigger blocks:
Brian Armstrong (CEO of coinbase) explicitly supports a hard fork. 
These are just a few among many.
@_date: 2016-01-21 15:15:17
Depends on the time frame.  I'd have much preferred to hold dollars than gold over the last 2 years.
Generally speaking, the dollar loses a tiny bit of value every year.  Gold retains its value long-term but with much higher volatility.  
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:21:40
Most miners have publicly said they support a hard fork.  I don't think it'll be all that messy.  This forum gives you a very skewed view of the consensus.  It'll basically be a dozen core devs throwing a hissy fit.
@_date: 2016-01-26 22:46:08
You really buy that BS?  We have centralization.  It's name is blockstream.  Dozens of big bitcoin companies, miners, and exchanges all publicly say they want 2 MB blocks, yet a couple dozen core devs have been able to stop them.  10 or 20 guys &gt; the rest of the bitcoin ecosystem.  That's centralization.
No one knows what 2 MB blocks would do to the full node count, but probably not much.  Everyone I know who runs a full node says that 2 MB is a joke.  Super easy.  It's the equivalent of 8 webpages every 10 minutes.  This is 2016.  And of course facilitating more user adoption and commerce could actually *increase* the full node count.
@_date: 2016-01-21 16:19:53
You're framing this backwards.  The dreadful horrible problems of a hardfork only occur if retards deny the legitimacy of the fork with the massive supermajority of ecosystem support and the bulk of mining/node support.  The core devs would literally be the source of the problem that they claim to fear.  If they want to create an altcoin that few people want, more power to them I guess.
@_date: 2016-01-21 23:30:29
The bitcoin network currently transmits at a rate of about 4 webpages every 10 minutes.  We can easily double or even quadruple that today with no problems for 90% of full node operators.  And, blocks are just now filling up, and the memepool backlog is growing.  We may have serious problems in a month or two.
@_date: 2016-01-26 19:17:04
Are you confusing economic consensus with full node operation again?
Just stop it already.  Define what you mean by 'economic consensus' or stop using the term.  The way most people use it (meaning big bitcoin companies, exchanges, node operators and miners), Classic has the clear economic consensus.  
The core devs explicitly reject new code that relies on a particular number of full nodes updating before it comes into effect.  XT dabbled with something like that and those nodes got DDOS'ed for their efforts, and Core Devs said they didn't care about how many full nodes adopted XT or Classic, they would still consider it an illegitimate fork.
@_date: 2016-01-27 22:31:20


What are you talking about?  If Core devs rolled out a hard fork tomorrow, it would happen tomorrow.  The vast majority of the ecosystem, from miners to exchanges to big companies to full node operators all say they want a hard fork to 2 MB.  The *only* thing stopping it is core devs threatening scorched earth tactics (like changing the PoW algorithm) if people turn to Classic.  *Everyone* wants the 2 MB hard fork to come from core to avoid the risk of a scorched earth battle that leaves everyone bloody.
TLDR Core Devs have *100%* control over when the hard fork happens, and could make it happen tomorrow.
@_date: 2016-01-18 20:49:39
This is false.  Limiting individual transactions to 1 MB resolves this as you should know.
@_date: 2016-01-22 15:56:23
The opt-in nature of RBF has nothing to do with my criticism.  The point is it's not a commercial solution to the problem.  
"miner betrayal"?  Miners have been completely quiescent.  They're just following the wishes of the community and have said they'll get on board with whatever the majority support.  The betrayal is from the core devs.  The majority of full node operators, the majority of miners, and the majority of users all want bigger blocks.  The main opposition is blockstream for obvious financial reasons.
I'm honestly struggling to believe that you're serious about this "miner betrayal" argument.  **Everything** I've seen suggests miners aren't pushing for *anything*, except in general support of the community.
If you want to understand betrayal, ask, who's censoring opposing views?  Who's DDOS'ing full nodes that adopted XT?  Who's fighting the wishes of the bitcoin community with illegal hacks and crass censorship?  And why is DDOS and censorship necessary if the core devs views are anything other than an attack on the broader community?
And don't you see the irony in calling bigger blocks a miner's attack?  Miner's should selfishly favor smaller blocks for a bigger fee market for themselves.  But they see the big picture and realize that it's in bitcoin's long-term interest for attract more users at the moment, leading to price appreciation and long-term benefit to themselves.  Miners are acting against their own short-term self-interest in supporting bigger blocks.
@_date: 2016-01-21 17:48:14
Jesus, you're talking about *current* fees?  Really?  Look at the blockchain today.  3000+ unconfirmed transactions and a series of blocks all over 900k.  No one cares about *current* fees.  We care about fees in 3 months when the average block isn't 90% full but 120% full.
Talks of power grabs are so silly when you're posting in this forum.  Who censors opposing views?  Blockchain crowd.  Who threatens to destroy bitcoin by supporting the losing hardfork and changing PoW algorithms as blackmail?  Core devs.  
Who supports classic and want it instituted as a supermajority consensus?  Miners, bitcoin companies, and users.
@_date: 2016-01-26 22:51:28
It's so funny when bitcoin people think of bitcoin in purely technical terms.
Coinbase provides 2 basic things: a sleek and simple user interface and connections to your bank account.  Most bitcoin users aren't computer programmers and don't want to have to deal with technical stuff.  We want simple and fast usability.  For bitcoin to continue growing, we need to attract more of these "casual" users.  
Coinbase succeeds if bitcoin continues growing via new users.  These new users are more likely to be casual users almost by definition.  The new users do not want to run full nodes and do not want to deal with things like specifying miner fees.  Coinbase couldn't care less if there are 5,000 or 30,000 full nodes.  They want 2 million new casual users.
Blockstream's business model depends on collecting fees via the lightning network.  That will require that LN provide major advantages over the bitcoin blockchain.  That likely requires the bitcoin blockchain fees to rise.  Blockstream has strong incentives to push bitcoin fees higher so that more people use LN once it's released.
@_date: 2016-01-21 22:50:51
You reject one argument while buying into another myth.  The idea that 2MB blocks will somehow dramatically increase centralization is nonsense.  Every person I've talked to who runs a full node says it will make no difference to them.  Let's get real.  Bitcoin *is* centralized, in its development and mining.  It's most decentralized in propagation (~5500 nodes).  If that count falls to 4000 that's the least of our problems.  The single best way to get more decentralization is to get more adoption, which will likely lead to more people running full nodes.  Honestly, what difference does 4000 vs 5500 full nodes make?  And is that difference worth hamstringing bitcoin's transaction capabilities and discouraging new adopters?
Many new accounts (like mine) exist because people who criticize core devs get banned on this forum.
Lastly, here's how "contentious" hard forks work in practice.  70%+ of the community voices their agreement for innovation.  A hard fork is rolled out that specifically takes effect when 70%+ of nodes have upgraded to it, so everyone has *lots* of advance warning.  Then bam: everyone can transparently see that the fork has supermajority support, so almost everyone gets on board.  This is what all the big bitcoin companies and miners have said they will do: they will simply accept whatever the dominant fork is, even if it isn't their first choice.  The "contentious" hard fork isn't really contentious or dangerous at all.
@_date: 2016-01-22 20:25:20
Anything that threatens blockstream's profitability is obviously not a valid argument.  So, arguing that we should increase blocksize to avoid the pile up of unconfirmed transactions while we wait for SegWit and LN to be released, is clearly an invalid argument, because it will reduce Blockstream's profitability down the road.
@_date: 2016-01-26 23:53:36
Consider this: there's clear demand for the *something like* bitcoin.  Just as there was clear demand for *something like* friendster and *something like* AOL.  If the first mover fails to evolve to provide for the needs of its growing user base though, it gets replaced by something better.
One of the reasons that Friendster failed was specifically because it grew faster than its IT department could keep up with, and so users began experiencing long delays.  This made the users look around for other, similar products, and they found myspace.  If the users had been happy, they wouldn't have bothered to consider a competitor.
Similarly, if bitcoin users start having trouble transacting across the bitcoin blockchain and start doubting bitcoin's ability to remain dynamic and evolve with growing and changing needs, they'll look for other Fintech to provide for their needs.  
@_date: 2016-01-26 20:35:11
Did you bother reading your own link?  Todd explicitly agrees with me.  He notes that many node operators are running "bad software" and will start validating bad blocks.  He simply views that as tolerable.  The core devs think a similar situation is intolerable when applied to 2MB blocks.
His entire essay is also irrelevant for the 2MB debate in the sense that this hard fork will only happen *after** 70%+ of full nodes have upgraded.
@_date: 2016-01-19 19:52:40
The computers are specifically designed so that non-computer experts can use them.  Computers that are designed such that only experts can use them would sell very poorly - they would be poorly designed for the mass market.
Apple was so successful partly because even though their products weren't the best engineered, they were the easiest to use for the average user, and were thus the best available product for those users.
@_date: 2016-01-26 23:08:23
I totally disagree with this characterization.
Bitcoin is in beta.  It's an unfulfilled promise, currently trivial on the global stage.  Some of the necessary technological improvements to allow bitcoin to fulfill its promise require a hard fork for technical reasons.  Rather than see the technology stagnate and die from inaction, many of us want to see bitcoin adapt to be able to serve its mission.
The vast majority of the bitcoin ecosystem, from miners to exchanges to big companies to VCs to early adopters say they support larger blocks by hard fork.  Even Adam Back CEO of blockstream said he supported it a few months ago before shifting it back on his roadmap.  The issue isn't *if* we hardfork, but simply when.  Which is scarier: that we hardfork when the vast majority of the community wants us to.  Or that we *don't* hardfork when the vast majority wants us to, because 2 dozen core devs don't want to.  The latter represents an oligarchy; extreme centralization.
@_date: 2016-01-21 15:16:56
I'd love a change to POW to decentralize mining.  
Don't you find it suspicious that Core devs aren't actually advocating such a change, only threatening it in the event of a hard fork?  It's being used as blackmail nothing more.
@_date: 2016-01-21 23:40:55
Wrong.  LN is a plan, a figment in developer's dreams at the moment.  We don't know what LN will be, because it doesn't exist yet.  It *might* be the things you suggest in 6 months or 12 months or 18 months, we don't know.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 15:41:17
We could have rolled out the 2MB upgrade 3 months ago.  SegWit won't be out until April and LN probably not until September.  Delaying SegWit and LN by a month would've been fine once we had the 2 MB blocks.  As it stands now everyone is freaking out as we watch average block size head towards 1 MB and wonder if SegWit will be here in time, before the network is hamstrung.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 00:34:21
Are you another one of these people who is unaware that SegWit and LN don't exist yet?  LN won't be usable for *at least* 6 months according to its own developers.  And that's best case scenario.  
We should just follow Adam Back CEO of blockstream's recommendation and hard fork to 2MB now, and then roll out SegWit when it's ready.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 00:05:03
This is false.  Adam Back, CEO of blockstream proposed a 2MB blocksize (followed by 4 then 8) update 5 months ago and said there'd be no problem combining that with SegWit when the latter was ready.  
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:24:47
This is false.  Blockstream's most likely avenue toward profitability is by profiting off of LN. For LN to be widely used, it must present a clear advantage over transactions on the bitcoin blockchain.  If bitcoin blockchain transactions are free (or very cheap), fewer people will use LN.  
If you really believe that your investors expect no return on their money, and that Adam is running a non-profit company, you've been lied to.  There's no way Adam would deliberately hamstring the bitcoin network and deliberately limit growth by causing us to hit an artificial block ceiling before SegWit and LN are ready for release without a need for higher fees.
@_date: 2016-01-22 15:39:06
No one...no one wants reversible transactions or centralization.
A lot of us think the best way to achieve decentralization is with decentralized development and with more user adoption to spur more full nodes...and that requires blocks big enough to handle users' transactions.  The alternative - small blocks to force reliance on the lightning network to facilitate blockstream profits and keep the core devs controlling bitcoin looks far less centralized to me.
@_date: 2016-01-27 00:32:10
Maybe I'm misunderstanding you.  Why can't coinbase simply pass on tx fees to users the same way a mycelium wallet would?  I personally use coinbase as my hot wallet because I like having lots of functionality in one place.  I can trade on their exchange, buy/sell BTC to fiat via bank account, and send/receive bitcoin.  I don't see why this would change depending on the centralization aspect.
@_date: 2016-01-21 20:14:15
But of course the complex part is the "what benefits them" part.  Miners benefit from things like higher bitcoin prices, which may require things that in a more simplistic analysis seem against their self-interest.
And most node operators run nodes altruistically.  It costs money to run a node and you get no direct reward.  So "what's in the node operator's interest" is likely to be whatever fits with their general vision of bitcoin.  There are node operators on every side of every debate.
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:21:35
Lol.  It's not a conspiracy when it's in their public filings.  Seriously, read their whitepaper and read their investment docs that led them to raise $21m in external financing.
@_date: 2016-01-27 17:45:12
I stated facts.  You keep writing empty nonsense with no evidence and not even saying what you disagree with.  It's funny seeing people waste their time so completely.  It's actually a challenge to write 5 sentences with zero content, so I guess I'm kind of impressed.  I'll leave you to argue with yourself now.
@_date: 2016-01-21 22:29:23
Haha.  I figured you'd get angry when you realized how dumb you were to not put 2 and 2 together about the censorship + fresh accounts.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:13:39
You know what benefits smaller pools?  And users?  And bitcoin companies like coinbase?  And bitcoin holders?  
Letting bitcoin remain capable of confirming users' transactions.  Paypal sucks, but at least it's usable.  Bitcoin today is only capable of transmitting the equivalent of 4 webpages worth of data every 10 minutes.  We're on AOL dial-up, and some of us think we can take over the world staying on AOL dial-up.  The fastest way to centralize bitcoin is to end new user adoption and even start reversing the trend so that fewer and fewer people care about it.   Then we'll see fewer people paying to support full nodes and the price of each BTC will drop so only the very biggest and most efficient miners will remain.
@_date: 2016-01-26 22:43:30
Except that the vast majority of devs say that SegWit is lots of complex code, and a blocksize change is super simple code.  The latter has also been discussed and studied for more than a year.  Also, SegWit isn't ready for release yet, a blocksize change is... 
@_date: 2016-01-27 16:39:27
Ahaha.  It's hilarious when people don't understand how new technologies and industries work.  When a new company or technology fails to service its users for 6 months, it gets replaced.  It's that simple. Ask Friendster, or AOL.  With new technologies, it's "innovate or die."  
The bitcoin network currently supports the equivalent of 4 webpages every 10 minutes.  We're on AOL dial-up.  Users have *fortunately* been conducting more and more transactions every quarter, and now we're pressing up against the totally artificial 1 MB cap.  Staying on AOL dial-up when we can easily and safely upgrade to optical fiber is simply suicide.  We have a solution that's been studied, analyzed, and prepared in detail for over 6 months, and can be deployed *today.*  Yet we choose not to.  We choose to hamstring the network, to reduce the blockchain's value to its users, to produce uncertainty about bitcoin's ability to grow into the future.  
@_date: 2016-01-19 22:17:48
Jesus no.  This is the single most anti-bitcoin thing I've ever seen advocated.  
Hard forks are safe as long as no one does anything this stupid.  The whole idea of a hard fork is that as soon as it becomes clear which fork has majority support, everyone gets behind it and bam, it's safe and easy and fast.  You're specifically saying that all of those talked about dangers of a hard fork will specifically be *created* by you and your camp.
@_date: 2016-01-27 20:04:31
This has been discussed at length by devs.  Segwit by soft fork works by tricking non-updated full nodes into validating *all* new blocks.  It's centralization by trickery.