@_author: chimericans
@_date: 2013-12-15 06:55:05
I highly doubt his entire body could fit inside of a nutshell.
@_date: 2013-12-05 11:11:22
Very few actually pay taxes. It's almost all cash based and under the table for citizens.
@_date: 2013-12-16 11:25:46
Does the Byzantine Generals problem apply to any other real world scenarios that are not currently being solved by a public decentralized ledger? If so, which?
@_date: 2013-12-14 14:49:19
Bitcoin is **speech**. Language is something with a real opportunity cost to both produce and consume that you trade among individual persons with codewords holding different value for different people at different times and in different environments.
@_date: 2013-12-06 02:55:41
Colored coins could prove this. You could color those coins lost if they were issued, say, before 2010 and  no activity has occurred since. All someone would need to do is open their wallet and move them to a new address to prove they are still in possession of the coins. If this was done then the community would know almost the exact supply in circulation.
@_date: 2013-12-07 02:28:48
Let's take a long-term perspective on this. This is a battle lost in the short term, but the end result has not changed. Cryptocurrencies will gradually gain acceptance elsewhere in the world. They will compete against central banks. Where the central bank is privately controlled cryptocurrencies do not directly compete with government sources of revenue (all the money they borrow from private central banks has to be repaid through future taxes at interest). Where central banks are state controlled (PRC) cryptocurrencies do compete with government sources of revenue. As dollars become less favorable and cryptocurrencies gain more traction dollar holdings will become less valuable, as will the debts denominated in dollars. People holding U.S. dollar debt will begin to repay those debts faster, and treasuries will be worth less. The federal reserve will begin losing more value in its treasury holdings, and even if it raises the interest rate that will make borrowers lose demand for dollar denoninated debts. The federal reserve will just be printing currency used during tax time, since that will be the only thing dollars will be wanted for. China holds the second largest amount of dollar denominated debt. This will be worth much less as well. Their position will be weakened in the long term. Their currency will begin to lose value as their own holdings of foreign debts becomes worth less. Debts denominated in their currency will lose value. As fewer and fewer government employees can be paid to enforce money laws the people will be able to trade cryptocurrencies more. At the moment, at the local level, most laws in China are ignored. In the long term this will be true of almost all laws.