@_author: chimmycricket
@_date: 2014-05-17 03:09:13
Right off the bat I'll admit I'm associated with tim-tams. So, I'll try and address what I see as problems with what almost everyone is saying. 
1. I don't particularly like how tim-tams phrased the question. Not many people are going to say yes to is an assassination market without any context. 
2. Aahzmundus,saying this is not worthy of discussion is going a little too far in my opinion. Saying that is like saying that things like capital punishment and self-defense, both personal and collective, are not worthy of discussion. Especially if your only justification that you put forward for that statement is what the presstitutes would say about it.
3. This question is not about helping Bitcoin. Its about what comments you had on this specific Assassination Market where bounties can be crowd funded. At least ,RedStarDawn, you gave an actual answer.
4. To RedStarDawn again, this is where context would have be nice but its kind of hard to get that in a question title. From my personally reading about the site this is controlled as to who gets put on there. They aren't putting soccer mom's up who pissed someone off because they cut someone off in traffic. The person who runs it decides, that person could decide to put up the name of someone who cut them off in traffic but who is going to donate to that. If someone was willing to donate to that then they could just hire a regular hitman which are not hard to find on the darknet(or whatever the correct term is) and pay them a few thousand to kill you. The fact is you are probably not worth what a hitman would charge and most people aren't. The point of the crowdfunding is that this is beyond most hitmen who kill regular non-attention grabbing people. There needs to be more money for the added risk, the kind of money that most non-politically connected do not have. This list is for people that the site owner thought were dangerous enough or their crimes were egregious enough and they are completely removed from any other form of stopping them. Obviously with the kind of donations that came in other people seem to agree. 
5. To moral_agent I'll repeat what I already said that if someone really wants you dead they can find a way to kill you. The way you stated your opinion about how if this was a thing(which it already is) then everybody now has to look behind there backs at all times for the man about to plunge a knife into your back. Assassinations and murder for hire has been around probably since humans started. Actually Assassination implies that this is not something about average people but according to Merriam Webster "to kill (someone, such as a famous or important person) usually for political reasons" so that also applies to the my fourth point. Then to your reply that anyone could be "assassinated by this anonymous tool" then yes if anyone was willing to pay someone enough money that that person thought that the risk of killing you was less than what they stood to collect on bounty. You also might get killed by serial killer who is doing it free of charge or by any number of bad actors in society. This particular market is a drop in the barrel of ways and reasons you might be murdered, that's how the world is. So now everyone reading this has to live with that fact, but that's how its been since anyone reading this has been alive.
6. science loves you using all caps is bad mmmmmkay
7. AstarJoe thank you for your contribution to this, maybe you and Aahzmundus can go figure out other things that offend you on the internet.
Penischopper78: I love that the person who took the time to answer the question and then not just attack the person posing the question and call them names, is the person with penischopper as their username. 
Personally I don't think this will help. As long as the majority of people believe that politicians and their friends have a right to murder and steal then if one is killed they will be made a martyr. 
I kind of like the idea that the site founder has about making it so dangerous to be a politician that everyone just says "Fuck that! I'm going to go find another job.", but I think that requires the majority of people to start seeing these people as the parasites that they are. 
Even though I said I don't think this is the best way of doing things, I cannot say that I would not understand someone wanting to have people like this killed. I could even say that I could justify it for those people currently in office because by killing them you could say that they were posing a threat to you and had acted in a way in the past that would be indicative of future violence. Someone like Ben Bernanke is no longer a threat to us, sure he has caused unimaginable suffering but he isn't in a position to do that any longer so his killing now would be out of revenge and not trying to stop further bloodshed. 
So, let me reiterate this I am not advocating the killing of anyone because 1.All it will do is cause people to view them as a martyr and allow the government more of an excuse to crack down on stuff and 2. I don't personally like when people die. I would much we all just decided to just quit paying attention to these parasitic murderers and let them fight among themselves if they so desire.
Sorry if I didn't do any of this formatting right since this is my first time posting on reddit and probably my last I didn't really care to look up any tips on making it better.