@_author: chinmusic86
@_date: 2013-04-17 00:52:31
How legit is blockchain?  I just set up a wallet and I want to buy some coins using their service.  I live in the US so $ would be my transfer currency.  I just want to buy a couple to play with so I can try and understand the whole concept better.  
@_date: 2013-09-19 02:48:35


False.  Maybe at your school this is the case, but most definitely not nationwide.  Especially in lower income districts where money is tight.  


Sound like you had horrible teachers.  That is top tier laziness, and anyone grading like this all the time would not have their contract renewed. The teacher would have no way of evaluating the student if they could not speak to the quality of the work.   


Once again only shit-tier teachers work the bare minimum.  Curricula are not provided.  Standards, to which students must achieve are mandated by our beloved state (read: federal Gov't, thanks NCLB).  If students do not meet these standards, the teachers receive poor performance reviews which affect licence renewal.  If we thought standardized tests were bad for measuring the children, grading teachers on student performance based on standardized tests is a full degree worse.  You try and spend the minimum of 7 hrs a day with 35 high schoolers per class, and tell me it's a smokin' hot deal.  By the way your have to teach them something they have little to no interest in learning or you will be fired.   Oh yeah, you don't get text books (digital or print) from this decade, and any differentiation, you have to create.  


Teachers that do things described in the last paragraph should not only be fired, but stripped of citizenship, tarred, feathered, drawn, quartered, and dumped in the ocean.  They give the rest a bad name and hurt the public perception.  
The fact of the matter is, education, both public and private is changing.  Hopefully for the better.  I respect homeschooling, but there is no doubt that there is a negative stigma attached to it.  If you feel your district is not educating your child properly, home school, get a voucher, or go private, but please do not blame all of us for the actions of a small disgusting minority.  
Source:  I'm a fucking teacher.  
@_date: 2013-06-25 12:01:17
[Massdrop]( had those a few months back.  I'm not entirely sure if that site takes BTC.
@_date: 2013-05-24 02:57:07
Some uninformed individuals are more scared of the criminal element.  Hell, that and porn are the two biggest drivers currently.  