@_author: chingt
@_date: 2015-07-18 03:43:16
Because New Jersey is a state of rich suburbs and urban slums (and a few hicks in the south). The people who live in the rich suburbs are not into alt culture. They're into soccer mom culture.
The people in the slums are largely focused on making sure they can eat (and sometimes drink or get high).
@_date: 2017-05-11 21:16:41
You're starting with the wrong question. Start big picture: The first question to ask is, "in its current state, what is bitcoin?" Right now, it's almost entirely just a speculative investment. Almost no one is dependent on Bitcoin. Almost no one uses it in any other way.
The next question to ask is, "What does it need to become more than that... to have utility?" The only way to make it more than that is to have people invest in the ecosystem and build solutions on top of it. With transaction fees where they are now, there are virtually no business models that make sense. So by keeping the block size where it is right now you are essentially preventing Bitcoin from getting any closer to having utility.
Maybe increasing the block size is a stopgap solution, maybe it's not. We won't know until Bitcoin actually has some utility. But we'll never see Bitcoin solve any problems -- have the kind utility it needs to have to live a long life -- as long as transaction fees are where they are.
And what is the cost of raising the block size? The only argument I've heard is that once it rises, people will suddenly forget all their concerns about decentralization. I don't think that's realistic. You're essentially saying, "We should make this irrational decision to not raise the block size because if we raise the block size, people will approach the block size debate less rationally down the line." That's some gobbledygook logic.
@_date: 2017-05-12 18:18:25
But don't you see that you're making a straw man? I'm not saying "increase the block size forever through all time to address all of Bitcoin's scaling needs." I'm saying "increase the block size now while we don't have a better solution." The difference between 1mb blocks and even like 20mb blocks is not all that significant. It's only the very long term concern of "what happens if block size grows to be humongous?" and that's not a problem Bitcoin will have to confront for quite some time most likely and a problem that is more likely to be resolved by third parties if Bitcoin is actually economically feasible to use, which it is not right now.
@_date: 2017-05-11 19:23:07
Do you worry about all the people who have a stake in Bitcoin remaining limited in nature as their product's viability is dependent on Bitcoin not being able to scale?
Those people have a huge financial incentive to use FUD to manipulate you, and almost all your points smell like FUD. I'm not sure what the incentive is on the other side other than a desire to see bitcoin succeed. The fact that this debate is happening with such extreme levels of conviction and passion when the block size *hasn't been increased once* makes me wonder whether the conflict has been manufactured by those with the potential to make money off it.
I mean sure, if the blocks size had been increased 10 times and was approaching 100x what it used to be, I could see these concerns becoming very serious and could understand a heated debate, but we haven't even take one step in that direction.
@_date: 2015-10-12 01:38:21
There is no use case for Bitcoin that makes sense for the average person, so why do you expect them to care? Venmo is a great solution for people making transactions among friends, and credit &amp; debit cards allow you to spend thoughtlessly with no markup on your end.
Merchants will get excited if you tell them about the fee reduction until you tell them that, unless their main market is nerds, they probably will only make a fraction of a percent more transactions and could possibly lose money as [happened with Mozilla](
For people who use remittance services like Western Union, there are practical use cases. And there are other niches as well, I'm sure, where Bitcoin could make practical sense, but to most people, Bitcoin doesn't matter, practically speaking.
And when you start talking about something that doesn't matter to a person, insisting that it should, they're gonna get irritated and possibly suspicious of your intentions.
Think back to the 90s, before smartphones existed, before social networks existed, before email was used in a widespread way. If you were a techie adult at the time, you understood the massive potential that computers had and all the things you could do with them. But most people just didn't care until computers became accessible enough and served purposes that fit with their everyday lives. Even then, it wasn't until smartphones that the internet really became something that was integral to nearly everyone's life. Why? Because iOS and Android made computing feel natural. You didn't have any technical hump you had to climb over to begin to experience the power of the web.
@_date: 2015-10-10 22:46:14
Last time, it coincided pretty closely with a big rally, but keep in mind that [Bitcoin's inflation rate is constantly diminishing](
Also note that USD inflation rate hovers in the 2% range when healthy, and this halving will only drop Bitcoin's inflation rate from about 9% to about 4.5%. It won't be until 2021 that Bitcoin's inflation rate drops down to this "optimal" rate.
@_date: 2017-05-11 21:25:08
Not everyone is in that "we" though.
@_date: 2019-05-05 19:29:09
A person can simultaneously believe that a currency that can't be manipulated is a good thing and that conmen who use lies to con underprivileged people into committing violence against other underprivileged people should be censored.
I'm not saying here that I think Yiannopoulos should be deplatformed. I'm just saying that while I see the conceptual connection between being a fiscal libertarian and a social libertarian, the validity of one perspective doesn't prove the validity of the other. 
I mean, the major American political parties, at least until recently, split libertarian values with the left being socially libertarian, supporting the right to do the drug of your choice, have sex and marry the person of your choice and speak the words of your choice while the right has been perfectly willing to dictate the choices people make in their personal lives while also supporting minimal taxation and the right for people use money the way that they choose.
@_date: 2018-12-19 00:07:35
Nothing. That's the problem. In that regard, cryptocurrency is still in the same place that it was when I first got interested in it almost a decade ago. It's a technology with interesting potential applications that still hasn't found a mainstream purpose.
But sometimes it takes time and a technology requires other technologies to be developed before it finds its purpose. The touch screen was invented like 50 years ago. It started appearing on some ATMs in the late 80s. Then, it made its way onto PDAs in the late 90s. Finally, it become a central technology on a ubiquitous device -- the smartphone -- in the late 2000s. It was thanks to advances in microprocessor tech, digital storage and battery and display technology that it became so central to people's lives.
From a conceptual standpoint, cryptocurrency and the concept of a blockchain only becomes more interesting IMO as our lives become more digitized as it's the only technology that gives digital "goods" properties of physical goods without the need for trusting a third party.
We're still in the early days though of move from living in the physical world to living in a digital one. IMO, crypto and the blockchain will become essential only as technologies evolve to allow us to live more digitally.