@_author: chinacapitalcontrols
@_date: 2017-01-11 19:25:23
Read my other comment, on implied exchange rates. Chinese traders were spooked by increased scrutiny by the PBOC regarding capital controls and started a sell-off, wherein they switched from buying at a premium to selling at a discount to international prices.
@_date: 2017-01-11 10:56:02
In Beijing they also checked on Huobi.
Basically, their stated reason is that they want to verify that the exchanges are operating within all given regulations (the translation includes a list of some of them - vague as they are).
The government is pulling out all the stops to prevent capital flight. If you follow the Yuan, you'll know they spent about a trillion dollars worth of US treasuries trying to defend the currency over the past 2 years. In the past few days, they bought up all the liquidity in the offshore Yuan market in Hong Kong to crush RMB shorts via punishing borrowing rates.
They've closed UnionPay / credit card overseas withdrawal loopholes, and they've made it harder for people to use their $50,000 annual foreign exchange quota. They've also started scrutinizing increasingly small overseas corporate transactions.
They're firing on all cylinders to tighten capital controls. These visits are about signaling. Bitcoin is just part of a larger story here.
@_date: 2017-01-11 14:29:54
Look at it this way, by the law of one price the following should be equivalent:
(USD / BTC) / (RMB / BTC) = USD / RMB
The former being the implied exchange rate and the latter being the actual exchange rate.
The official onshore mainland exchange rate is 6.93 RMB to the USD.
Over the past couple weeks or so, the implied exchange rate has often been around 7, meaning Chinese were willing to pay a premium to buy BTC. The implied exchanged rate is currently at 6.73 using Huobi and BFX prices (dropped even lower right after the announcement). That indicates Chinese are now selling at a discount relative to the international market.
It's a pretty reasonable explanation, right?  Previously, people were willing to pay extra to hedge against devaluation / transfer money beyond the borders. Now that the government is taking a closer look, people no longer think it is a good hedge / are too afraid to hold bitcoins and are dumping them for cheap.
Also, you can't really say bitcoin counteracts the effects of capital flight. For that to be true, money would need to be pouring into China to buy mining equipment / bitcoins on Chinese exchanges at a rate comparable to the rate at which money is leaving China. China sold $41 billion in forex reserves in December alone just to slow the depreciation of the RMB. The entire market cap of bitcoin is only about $13 billion. The size of the bitcoin market is trivial compared to Chinese capital outflows, so small adjustments to RMB capital controls can have massive effects on bitcoin, but not the other way around.