@_author: chipsndipmmm
@_date: 2019-07-19 14:10:12
Al Gore and Joe Biden tell us the truth about our planet - they only lie about our money system!
Evolution by natural selection resulting in the destruction of earth by its inhabitants seems to invalidate the entire premise. How do you look past that? That shame you feel after watching porn, that is God. Listen to him. Stop masturbating to porn and you will see things differently. I'm not kidding. You aren't that smart bro. Men with 150 IQs have spent their whole lives grinding through the logic of existence and concluded there is a Creator. "But we have Wikipedia now so I'm wiser than Aristotle!". Pride is the worst sin.
@_date: 2019-07-09 16:56:52
human beings evolving from soup by natural selection is less believable than higher dimensional life, ie God.
@_date: 2019-07-09 17:33:50
Humans evolving from soup by means of Natural Selection has certainly never been proven by science. 'Evolution' isn't just dark moths and birds with long beaks. Its millions and millions of years before that, none of it 'proven' by science.
Its funny, I'm a bitcoin bull because its so clearly satanic in nature. A one world currency tracked and run by machines, with an unknown creator that pimple faced athiest 19 year olds with $100 to their name think will "take down the bankers". The bible said, 2000 years ago, that the mark of the beast will denote who can buy and sell on the global market. Whether it is Bitcoin or Bitcoin 3.0, I have no trouble seeing an economy in 2250 where you need a Global Federation issued 'mark' on your hand to access your machine controlled global-grid money. The False Messiah will most likely be AI too, and you will probably vote for him because 'science'. Did you notice the end of Game of Thrones was pretty much an endorsement of an AI leader who 'knows all of our past'? That cripple in the chair was a stand in for the merits of AI leadership.
Humble yourself. You are being lied to about a whole lot more than the central banking system. If Hollywood wants you godless that should be reason enough to read CS Lewis.
@_date: 2019-07-09 19:20:43
Do you really think universal machine money run on a global information grid with an unknown creator will result in a long term 'good'? Its just the next iteration dude, a huge step in the rebuilding of the tower of babel. A one world currency? Nothing to see here...just libertarians and science! No more money for wars and I'll get rich - right?!?!
I picture you as an indebted childless 20 something who listens to Joe Rogan and thinks the  Podcast in the world is 'counter' to whats planned for you, rather than part of whats planned for you. You would be on your hands and knees praying 3 days after a power outage. You and I both know it. Mass adoption of bitcoin will not take place without a global disaster of some kind so may as well eat a slice of humble pie now and read 'mere christianity'. You are not smarter than histories great christian thinkers, you are just more prideful.
@_date: 2019-07-09 20:11:55
Disbelieving something you cannot see, hear, touch, or smell does not require intelligence. Men with 150 IQs have spent their entire lives in a candle lit room with dirt floors grinding through the logic and reason behind creation, natural law, christian philosophy, divinity, etc. Hah and here comes the daily masturbater whos entire psychology was forged by pop culture to set the record straight! We are not living in a time of Truth dude. Your government education is just as fraudulent and malicious as the global banking system.
@_date: 2019-07-16 13:35:42
You think the scientific method has proven out human beings evolving out of soup by natural selection? Has the evolution of a single cell bacteria to a multi cell bacteria ever been witnessed? The assertion that the scientific method is relevant to happenings a billion years ago is why I think 'dogma' is an appropriate term here.
@_date: 2019-07-09 18:29:18
Government taught evolution is no less dogmatic than creationism. Evolution by natural selection comes down to whats the rate of specization and how long would you then need to get from soup to humans at that rate. The answer is it requires more time than 'science' allocates to the existence of the planet. Its a 200 year old theory based on birds and moths. It doesn't make any sense. Why would we evolve to the point where a piano melody could make us cry? Why evolve to the point where we would look to an unearthly power that doesn't exist? "When you science good enough, then you know" The number one guy at the human genome project was an evangelical christian.
@_date: 2019-07-16 13:46:50
I'm not really asking why, I'm saying it doesn't. "Humans evolved on earth to destroy the earth and worship the unearthly". Got it! Checks out! Because some bird beeks are longer than others! Its a theory that makes sense to a middle schooler. Thinking the human eyeball and its connection to the human brain was built one beneficial-but-not-actually-beneficial gene mutation at a time is akin to thinking enough tornadoes blowing through a junkyard will build a schoolbus