@_author: chitraders
@_date: 2018-09-11 23:49:40
Idiots.  During that entire time dollars paid interest.  No one sat on physical cash.  The compound interest more than covers the inflation.
@_date: 2018-09-12 00:23:19
So is bitcoin.  End of the day only value a currency has is its claim on real assets.  Bitcoin doesn’t have any claim.  Dollars run thru the banking system fund real assets.
@_date: 2018-09-12 04:59:30
No disagreement not a fan.  Bitcoin just digital gold without the jewelry use.
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:58:43
fiat has the advantage of a 2% inflation target.  Bitcoin has a deflationary target with the limit of supply.  A modestly positive inflation target has proven very effective.
Think about it.  You are not suppose to make money sitting in cash.  You make money by investing in companies creating things.  The modest positive inflation rate encourages investment in "real" things - businesses, companies, housing, infrastructure, consumption, etc.  If you create a currency that has a high rate of deflation like 10% a year then people would be encouraged to invest in a fake thing (currency) instead of investing in a real thing (productive capacity).  This was a partial failing of the gold standard and bitcoin has the same problem.
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:48:08
You sound like a gold bug.  Biggest problem with bitcoin is the owners share the same opinions as gold bugs.  That there is a “real long term price of money”.  These theories have been thoroughly disproven.  
Money isn’t real.  It’s purpose is to facilitate commerce.  The fact is the dollar standard has done better than any other system and the kinks in the system have been corrected over time.  Things like a 2% inflation target long term are working out well.
Loans are for far more than just housing.  Businesses have debt as a form of fincancing.  They also have cash management needs like financing accounts receivables.  The purpose of money is facilitate trade and help economic growth.  
A lot of bitcoin guys seem to just want to take the seigniorage benefits of governments thru things like limiting supply of crypto.  If they really wanted to change the world they would eliminate the speculative element and try to build a system that is superior for trade.  
I’m interested in cryptos.  Perhaps they will better facilitate some aspects of commerce.  But the current incarnations look like nothing more than digital gold which isn’t that interesting.  
Will consider investing after the bust occurs.  Perhaps an amazon develops after the speculative market dies.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:42:19
Lending to a bank isn't a great business.
But banking is still necesary for society.
Who would want to take out a long in something like bitcoin?  That is designed for deflation.  Even if you assume the price of bitcoin is stabilizing global growth will still run 4-5% a year.  That will cause deflation in bitcoin.
So how would you borrow money in bitcoin to buy a house?  Even at a 0% bitcoin rate the bitcoin would be going up a rate of 4-5% a year while your house probably returns 2% a year (inflationary growth).  So therefore you are talking a real interest rate of 3% a year.  Every year it gets more expensive to pay back the bitcon you owe.  
Biggest issue with crypto is it can't work as a lending currency.