@_author: chokem2000
@_date: 2017-03-08 01:23:03
I don't think we are talking about the same thing. You get paid to run a mining node like an S9. You don't get paid to run a Core full node. There are only cost. Like that of a PC hard drive and Internet service provider plus network hardware. 
@_date: 2017-03-08 01:19:54
If I'm able to so easily steal from Bitcoin then it's a flawed protocol. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 03:38:18
I'm not sure I understand the question?  I'm saying for me as a hobby miner in Philadelphia pa it's been great. 
@_date: 2017-01-01 17:53:05
I believe my understanding is correct but they way I said it was wrong and confusing. Like I said before I'm not an expert. Also not being an expert doing my own research is difficult and it's hard to understand what I'm reading. So instead of acting frustrated help me understand.  
1.  Does Segwit physically make the block size larger than 1mb? Or in comparison to the current software can you fit in 4x as many transactions? 
2.  If the market forces determine that bigger blocks are needed for more transactions would the network have to hard fork to change that. 
@_date: 2017-01-02 11:49:31
Watch every video by Andreas Antonopolous then do your own research and decide for yourself 
@_date: 2017-01-01 22:27:54
This is the website where I got my info about miner segwit adoption. 
I agree Bitcoin Unlimited is the JV squad compared to the core Pro Team. 
I can't say that Bitcoin Unlimited is broken or not but I would have to assume with millions on the line miners could hire people to get expert advise on the subject. And make a market driven decision. I can believe that to be true. 
Now your starting to lose me and I don't fully understand side chains and lightning and onion routing schnorr signatures and such. But I do know that lightning will provide fast payment channels with almost unlimited scaling which is really exciting for new business use cases like micropayments and streaming money which no on chain scaling can provide. So one question is can we have lightning without segwit?
So there are full nodes and mining nodes. Full nodes have no monetary incentive to work there's only cost. Mining nodes are incentivized by fees and Bitcoin rewards. I feel that it's a huge problem that Full nodes have no monetary incentives. Do you agree or disagree. 
What hardware would you use to run a lightning node?  Antminer S9 or PC
Bitcoin price will rise or fall due to market forces whatever they may be. 
These concerns are less technical and more economical and philosophical. I've heard that hard forks are risky. But isn't a hard fork a software upgrade?  Is it risky technically or politically and logistically?  If 75% of the network hard forks and upgrades their software won't it monetary incentivize the other 25% to join?  Is a hard fork riskier with a 16B or 160B dollar network?  Do you agree that a planned hard fork now or later is better than a hostile hard fork?
@_date: 2017-01-02 00:28:48
Good news is all of the work an innovation built on top of Satoshi Nakamoto's work is inspiring to say the least. 
So lightning can work but works better with segwit. Segwit fixes malleability. 
This is where I think Bitcoin is fundamentally broken.  It's funny I do the exact opposite. I mine but don't run a full node. I got in at a good time, my ROI will be about 4 1/2 months and just profit vs electricity cost for 2 years roughly. In a market you get paid for your work. But Full nodes don't receive any compensation for the important work they produce. Now if miners are in control of the rules the will never give up a portion of their profits. Has their been any discussion on this because I feel it's a big and obvious problem?
So you lost me again with fake nodes but I'm assuming at this point that you know better than me.   But I still feel that's a problem. And it forces the network to keep the block size small and cheap otherwise no one will run full nodes. Also if the block size gets large only corporations will run full nodes and that scares core. I'm not so scared about that. I don't trust banks and governments. I'm more trusting of businesses because it's decentralized. 
Lightning is awesome 
Why does it make a difference technically if there is a problem with the network and there needs a fix or we are making and upgrade. This is a community issue right?  Everyone has to agree at the same time to make a software upgrade?  So if the community came together and everyone agreed than it wouldn't be an issue. Also I heard that core has a laundry list of other changes they would like to include if there ever was a hard fork. Isn't everyone incentivized to get on board or be left behind in a hard fork?
I firmly believe that segwit is great and core developers are great at their job but they represent the full nodes. Only incentivized buy moral obligation and hope. Because it shows they can do fantastic work for years but unless the miners adopt their work it will go elsewhere or unnoticed. 
Thank you again for the conversation. I feel I'm benefiting more than you. 
@_date: 2017-01-01 17:30:26
Your response is exactly the problem. "Eerily" "spreading misinformation". I'm simply stating my opinion. Thank for providing me with more information about segwit of which I am a huge fan. I'm not an expert and I don't claim to be but I am a part of this community. I'm a residential miner. I own two S9 antminers, I'm a part of Slushpool, and I have about 30% of my savings invested in Bitcoin. I want Bitcoin to scale and succeed. But this I'm right your wrong shut up and do as your told attitude is tearing the community apart. Only time will tell what will happen. If we change to a market based adaptive block size we should never have to hard fork again. And let the side chain technologies keep the block size low with a lower fee based market force. 
@_date: 2017-01-01 17:08:37
Segwit doesn't increase the block size it just uses it more efficiently creating more space for transactions. But Segwit only provides a 4x max transaction increase on chain. That's simply not enough. Also trying to predict what block size will be needed in the future is ridiculous. Let the market forces determine block size and fees. Let off chain payment channels provide a fast payment network.  Let the market choose which method they want to use. If I want to buy coffee or buy something online I'll use lightning. If I want to buy a house, car, or stock or keep my identity, medical records, or send 1000 bitcoins I want that on an immutable ledger to be referenced in the future. If there was ever a time to hard fork it's now.  It's only going to get harder as Bitcoin grows and moves into mass adoption. One more thing I've never heard about is that Bitcoin full nodes aren't incentivized, so why would you want to run one. I personally think they should get a share of the on chain fees for the work they do but I have no clue how that would work. I wish the community would come together again, compromise and scale. The problem is both sides feel that they are right and no one is willing to compromise which might end in a disaster. 
@_date: 2017-01-01 03:59:54
Ha!!! Pay taxes!!!
@_date: 2017-01-01 17:37:37
I'm a hobby miner with two S9's and its going great.  I bought them in August and I've generated 5 BTC so they're almost paid off. It's costing me about $250 a month in electricity so in about 3 months I'll have my ROI and then it's just the cost of electricity vs BTC profits. These machines will be relevant for about a year after the next hardware release because while my s9s won't be as efficient as the next model mine will be paid for. 
@_date: 2016-12-24 10:43:52
Instead of buying in lump sums it's safer to budget your investment weekly. Buying $20 or $100 a week will protect you from the rising and falling prices over the long term. 
@_date: 2016-12-29 16:17:28
God damn that was funny!
@_date: 2017-01-01 18:07:21
Thank you for your reply, and the info. I've been doing the best I can to listen to the debates and understand as much as I can but all I can do is listen I can't interact or ask questions. I was in full support of segwit when it came out and I still am. More than that the lightning network will allow local brick and mortar merchants to easily except Bitcoin. That's free marketing!!  The more that little Bitcoin sticker is seen in store the bigger the buzz will be. But with miner segwit support at an all time low the only way I can see getting it implemented is through compromise. I believe both camps what Bitcoin to scale and succeed but are unwilling to compromise. It's frustrating. 
@_date: 2017-01-01 20:06:09
Great info. Some I've heard before some I have not. I love and support all of the innovation done by all developers in the space. It's a lot of work without a lot of compensation. Which shows dedication to the cause. I've switch back and forth and I'm currently supporting Bitcoin Unlimited. Miner support of Bitcoin core has plummeted recently. I've formed the opinion as I've stated before that the reason is fees. That side chains will shift fee compensation to lightning nodes and such, instead of Bitcoin nodes. Can you comment on this. And the fact that the Bitcoin price has risen without on chain scaling and that it's not necessary is speculation because if the was no block size cap maybe the adoption rate would rise without opposition and rise faster. Can you also directly comment on that. 