@_author: choosybeggor
@_date: 2018-01-30 22:54:18
Wait, was this guy the guy who made that post the other day about how sends a few dollars worth of bitcoin back to Venezuela and how much that helps? Did he end up making another post asking for donations?
@_date: 2018-01-30 23:07:42
God fucking dammit I bought that story up.
@_date: 2018-01-31 17:35:57
No it's not money, at most it's a medium of exchange, however it lacks the other characteristics of a currency. Nothing is priced in Bitcoin, everything you are buying with bitcoin is priced in a reserve currency like dollar and merely converted to whatever the current exchange rate with bitcoin is. Bitcoin never will be a currency because it is not stable enough. A restaurant is not pricing its stuff in bitcoin when the purchasing power of bitcoin can change drastically every day.
And before you tell me bitcoin price will stabilize enough to be a currency, give me a break. Gold's been around for thousands of years and at most, it's used in a bartering capacity to buy things. Nothing is priced in gold, just like nothing will be priced in bitcoin.
And it's funny people like you pretend as if the majority of people don't treat bitcoin as an investment/speculation. That's why everyone keeps saying buy the dip or hodl, right? Because that's what you do and focus on with other currencies. You bought rubies when it dipped right? You urged people to hodl yen when its value dropped right? Be real with yourselves.
@_date: 2018-01-31 16:44:25
They probably don't have enough money invested to be that stressed. I'm more concerned about people with families, especially those expecting kids, who bought into this hype. Imagine the people who spent their christmas bonuses buying this stuff.
@_date: 2018-01-31 17:38:41
You are seriously optimistic about bitcoin if you think the first iteration of cryptocurrency, which has already been surpassed by newer cryptos with better technology, will be in the category of gold. 
Gold doesn't compete with some other element that has the same physical traits and subjective beauty that makes it so popular. People are not constantly developing new technology that creates better gold. It is not comparable to bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-31 23:44:51
At this point, primarily hype and speculation. Not its functionality. Prices of bitcoin didn't go down 40% because the coin is 40% less functional.
@_date: 2018-01-31 23:39:34




And we can also have disagreements over what the fundamentals are but I believe most of the fundamentals can and has already been commoditized. Bitcoin's rapid loss of market share will continue, not reverse. So even as the pie grows, Bitcoin's slice of it is up in the air.
I honestly think crypto has a lot more to worry about, the biggest being regulations. What happened in China will be the norm, not the exception. Old lawmakers don't udnerstand this technology yet, but once they do, they'll come down hard on the exchanges. Governments are just not in the interest of letting money move around, especially beyond borders, unchecked. So we will have to see if the pie grows at all. We need exchanges for the masses to grow the pie. Perhaps centralized products from banks/institutions is the way of the future.
@_date: 2018-01-31 21:33:37


Didn't say it was just the first digital currency.


Didn't say it was
@_date: 2018-01-31 16:27:04
I love how a log chart managed to make a 40% correction look like the price barely changed.
And by the way, the people posting about bitcoin seem to have no ability to even consider the fundamental drivers of the price. They literally stare at graphs and decide it will keep moving up and to the right.
No, look at the market cap of bitcoin. It would have to be worth 2 trillion dollars to get the same % gain from the previous major high ($1000) to now. If you want to get the same gain as from 2014 low to the peak, then bitcoin cap would have to be worth 13 trillion dollars.
Going from a market cap of $5 million to $50 million is one thing. Going from $160 billion to $13 trillion is another. If bitcoin were worth that much, then it'd be an asset class that take up 2/3 the space that US treasuries take up. That's unfathomable even if Bitcoin had no competition.
The easy growth is over guys, you need to manage your expectations. Bitcoin produces no income, it just sits there, and you hope someone else pays more for it. You'd be better off investing in something that actually creates stuff and grows.
Think about an economy with people investing in two assets.
One economy invests in bitcoins. The other invests in companies. After a hundred years, the bitcoins are still bitcoins. But look at what US companies managed to produce in the past 100 years.
**Edit** There are many logical fallacies being thrown around below. I'll address the most common here:
1. "That's what they said about bitcoin at $100, $500, $1000, etc." 
This argument is basically saying that past predictions about the popping of bitcoin's bubble were wrong, therefore, bitcoin's price will go up higher (substantially) in the future. This is not a logically sound argument, it is not at all a reason for why Bitcoin's future price will be higher. Imagine a guy gambling at the roulette table, he puts everything on black, wins, then puts everything on black again, and wins again, etc. His wife keeps telling him to stop because sooner or later he'll lose his money (he's at a mathematical disadvantage in the game). He tells his wife that's what she told him before he won x, y, and z, and therefore, he will continue to win. This reasoning is flawed.
Now this is not to say that bitcoin will not go higher, but if your argument is that past predictions were wrong, therefore the same trend will continue until $x, then you are not making a logical argument and you don't know what you are talking about. And because you don't know what you are talking about, you don't actually know what you are doing, and you're at the mercy of forces and knowledge beyond your comprehension. Be humbled by this fact, not continue to arrogantly and ignorantly repeat "but the haterz waz wrong b4".
2. Bitcoin is a great technology that will continue to valuable and adopted in the future, therefore prices will rise. 
This is a better argument but let's say that it is true, what about competition? The first MP3 player was not the iPod, it was something you probably know nothing about. What percentage of the music player market does that first MP3 player have now? What about the first computer? What about the first social media network? The first video hosting website? The first search engine? What percentage of their respective market do they possess?
Blockchain technology is the future. Great. But what percentage of this future will belong to Bitcoin? Bitcoin has been rapidly losing market share to competitors, Ether is now almost 2/3 the size of bitcoin by market cap. So let's say the market cap for crypto coins does "go to the moon". Will it be at the expense of bitcoin? Bitcoin no longer lead Ethereum, Ethereum has been on a huge spike these past few weeks, Bitcoin the opposite. Look at what new coins are based on now. Once Ethereum surpasses Bitcoin market cap, there will hardly be any arguments left for Bitcoin being the leader. So what then? Will Bitcoin be the Nokia of the crypto world? Once a powerhouse, and then left with almost no market share? How many technologies can you even name where the first iteration became and remained market leader?
@_date: 2018-01-31 16:09:16
This is good for bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-31 22:31:48


You actually did. The way you did is done implicitly. You quoted a part of my comment, and made a response. But the response you made does not line up with what you quoted. Therefore, we can derive what you implied by working backwards to the nonexistant comment you referenced.
For example, imagine I quoted your comment and wrote "zebras are not reptiles, they're mammals." Unless you are mentally deranged and handicapped and have some propensity to interject random unrelated trivia into comment chains, then by working backwards from my comment, we can derive the original supposed comment which will be something along the lines of zebras being reptiles.
But regardless, this is taking us off on a bad tangent that I wish you didn't start, but to answer your question (which should have been your original reply, not the poor presumptuous reply you did make), bitcoin, beyond being a decentralized crpyto, is the first of its type to reach mainstream awareness. The draw of bitcoin to the masses is less its technology, infrastructure, etc, and more its spectacle. The people are interested in the Bitcoin rollercoaster, they are nowhere near as interested in using the technology to make purchases or anything.
So I think the next spectacle will overtake bitcoin, and that spectacle could be Ethereum when it overtakes Bitcoin in market cap.
And my overall point is that Bitcoin, like most other first movers in technology will probably rapidly lose its market share to newcomers. The proof is pretty much in the pudding. Compare Bitcoin's market share in the crypto universe 3 years ago to what it is now with Ethereum on the fast track to overtaking it. This trend will continue, not reverse, in my opinion. Bitcoin will continue to have a smaller and smaller share of the market as competition rises. Especially once coins start getting professionally marketed. These coins' value is driven primarily by speculation, not any inherent and exclusive value, so the battle over market share is basically a battle over hype. Which ever coin gets more hype through marketing gets more share.
@_date: 2018-01-31 16:06:38
Next stop $9000!!! I remember how happy I was when bitcoin first hit $9000.
@_date: 2018-02-05 23:11:38


Stocks represent shares of companies that create things that can be sold/exchanged for other things. In other words, these companies create REAL wealth.
Over the long term, a company's stock price closely tracks its earnings at a ratio sufficiently higher than a "risk free" asset like treasury bonds.
When you buy stock in apple, you are buying a portion of its earnings (as well as underlying assets). So look at Bitcoin. It could literally just crash to $5000 tomorrow, and no one would have a real reason to know if that's a reasonable price to buy or to sell. Becaues there's no earnings to compare its price against. You can only try to predict whether someone will pay a higher price for bitcoin in the future. But if Apple's stock crashed tomorrow, you can safely buy in assuming you know the fundamentals haven't changed and you can still expect an earnings ratio that is now higher than other stocks because of the selloff.
This is why people like Buffett say buy when others are fearful, and sell when they are greedy. This only applies to earnings generating assets. Because you can actually price the assets based on their earnings potential. You can't do this with gold or bitcoin because these "assets" don't generate anything close to what they cost and depend almost purely on what someone else will pay for them. Good luck making predictions here. And Warren's advice is way too commonly misapplied here in this subreddit. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 14:42:12


Silver isn't even a blip on the radar compared to gold's market cap, and it never has. It's as much of a competitor to gold as the fidget spinners in landfills are to gold.