@_author: choppydisk
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:54:20
If I were you, instead of spending time trying to find someone else’s arguments, I’d try and research the unbiased technical details of bitcoin and understand it on a conceptual level. That seems way more worthwhile, because then you could form your own argument against bitcoin that might be better than someone else’s you just stumble across. Also, you’d then be able to judge the merits of others arguments. 
Edit: there are a ton of arguments for and against bitcoin in news and financial media sources. Something about your post made it seem like you were looking for ammunition to argue with someone, which is why I suggested the above. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:47:55
Ah, okay. I see. There was just a simple discrepancy in our subjective scope for the word “infrastructure.” I was thinking in much broader terms, where the word meant the physical hardware put in place to create the Internet. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:49:10
Bitcoin is critically dependent on computer networks. Conceptually, you are correct that the core principles which undergird bitcoin as a system are not tied to infrastructure but from a practical perspective, computer networks make bitcoin work. Without them, the system is so wildly inefficient that it becomes worthless. 
Bitcoin is distributed, applied cryptography. Without networking, it cannot be distributed efficiently. Without computation, cryptography cannot be applied efficiently. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:15:43
Certainly agreed it does not have the be TCP/IP. You said it’s not dependent on infrastructure though, which it is. You need infrastructure to have a network, regardless of the protocol. Bitcoin would not work if the ledger had to be distributed via snail mail or carrier pigeon. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 02:46:28
Bitcoin is incredibly hard, if not impossible, to regulate. Something I can see governments doing is instituting an energy consumption tax for anyone who runs mining equipment. I can envision a scenario in which you’d have to register/obtain a license to mine cryptocurrency and there will likely be some sort of information sharing between ISP, electric company and government to ensure those who are mining report their activities and pay tax.
@_date: 2017-11-30 22:27:40
But see, there is no rub here. The man who trades his vacation time for a bigger paycheck introspectively values the paycheck more than time spent on a beach. If he were to blindly trade his vacation time for a bigger paycheck without realizing what he foregoes by doing so, I would say he is uniformed, but still not wrong. 
Those who choose to trade their bitcoins back into dollars simply value the short-term tangible benefit of an appreciating investment more than they value the philosophical investment they made in bitcoins ideology. If he who changes from bitcoin back into dollars does so without understanding the broader things that bitcoin is trying to accomplish, again, I would say he is uniformed, but still not wrong. 
Bottom line: people should understand there is oftentimes culture and purpose and ideology behind the things they invest in. If they do realize these things, they’re at least given an opportunity to personally weigh whether their participation in broader cause is worth more than simple dollars and cents.
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:27:04
Well that’s what I’m insinuating — bitcoin indirectly relies on certain infrastructure properties (interconnectivity, high bandwidth, high speed, ease of access), most of which are sui generis to the Internet. Bitcoin, for instance, wouldn’t run on the PSTN or via physical mail infrastructures. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 13:05:56
HODL. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 02:36:20
BCH is essentially taking a copy of the entire BTC blockchain up until a certain point but is moving forward with different technical specifications so in a word, yes, your BCH balance should match your BTC balance at the time of the fork. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:06:31
Not necessarily. Let’s say China decides to take drastic measures like throttle power throughput to mining operations. Network computational power falls dramatically even for a brief second and the global hashrate skyrockets. The coinbase releases new bitcoins  too quickly and all hell breaks loose. Over time, the network would correct itself, but that could still wreak havoc, no?
@_date: 2017-11-30 15:03:12
Bitcoin is software but it requires interaction with the real world. Computers worldwide run the software which in turn creates a network. 
The network is decentralized because there’s no central
authority — individual users around the globe contribute to comprise the collective network. It’s tremendously difficult, if not impossible, to destroy the network itself because of this feature. 
This is not to say bitcoin is impervious to government intervention. A determined, aggressive and very powerful adversary could take steps to severely limit the way in which citizens can access or use the bitcoin network, perhaps not killing bitcoin per se (because it will always exist), but it could severely undermine the stability and confidence in bitcoin as a global commodity and disrupt its success. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 03:22:47
I don’t think even China alone comprises 51% of the network, though I could be wrong. In any event though, I don’t know why the Chinese government would want to carry out a double-spend attack. If they really wanted to undermine bitcoin, they’d just pull all the miners out of the network. In that case, like I mentioned, the amount of cumulative computational power in the entire network would drop dramatically. This would result in a decrease in complexity for hash requirements to mine new blocks but since the remaining miners would still have tremendous computational resources, they’d be unfairly advantaged and they would end up mining blocks way faster than intended. You could see hundreds of bitcoins leave the coinbase within minutes, instead of the 12.5 released every 10 minutes currently. This could severely undermine the confidence and stability of the bitcoin network.  
@_date: 2017-11-30 23:22:42
I know where hodl comes from. I was suggesting that an ex-lover reappearing when bitcoin is suddenly at an ATH could cause one to panic or act irrationally. Thus, hodl.
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:31:15
I disagree somewhat. I think if you invest in bitcoin without respecting or understanding the ideological foundation upon which the system is constructed, then you are a foolish investor and will never understand the implication of your actions. 
At the same time, I do believe you can respect the ideologies that bitcoin stands for while at the same time understand that it is possible this system fails at some point. I don’t think an unwillingness to ever sell is a necessary prerequisite for investment. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 14:31:42
Governments and institutions will always be weary of things they can’t control. If they can’t regulate it, they will try to kill it. When they can’t kill it, things get hairy. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 10:49:46
Coinbase the exchange gets it name from a special part of every block, know as [coinbase transactions]( I was referring to the pool of unmined bitcoin, not the US exchange. 
Let me rephrase my answer because I think I conflated some terms: if China miners exited the network, the hash rate would fall and so would the block difficulty. However, they wouldn’t do so proportional to the amount of computing power the remaining miners would still have. Such a dramatic loss could cause block difficulty to drop so low that remaining miners can mine much faster than 10min/block. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:14:06
Bitcoin is in a bubble, as it has been in many times before. What is noteworthy is that it continues to persist despite the ups and downs. 