@_author: chosk3
@_date: 2014-10-02 12:47:36
This is true if the search happened in a car or a home, but the courts are still having trouble with applying constitutional principles to digital goods and non-tangible searches. 
To see this in a different context, look at the idea of forced decryption. Right now, some judges view a password as "testimonial" and a thumbprint or biometric-lock as "non-testimonial." The fact that they function exactly the same (each unlocks your data) should hypothetically implicate the fifth amendment protection against self incrimination equally. But judges treat the two types of locks differently based on the idea that one is testimony and one isn't. 
@_date: 2014-10-08 17:35:38
Even if we look past the fact that the FBI probably could have obtained a court order for whatever techniques they used to access the SR server, what bothers me is that they are trying to use what they've found as substantive evidence against the defendant, rather than as probable cause for additional investigatory techniques. 
Here's an unsettling implication: if you are doing something the FBI determines is blatantly criminal, you lose whatever rights you thought you had. If they decide they don't need a warrant, a judge is likely to accept that stance.  
And, if you've used any third party software or third party providers for your "criminal enterprise," today's interpretation of the Fourth Amendment means this act strips you of your Fourth Amendment rights. 
I don't mean this as hyperbole, but there is literally no way to square the FBI's arguments with the underlying legal traditions. In the olden days (the 1960's-2001), if you thought a suspect had a drug ring operating out of his house, and wanted to get a camera inside, you went and got a judge to authorize the camera and the intrusion into the house. The FBI's new model is literally "we have a general warrant to do these things thanks to (pick your statutory basis.) 
@_date: 2014-05-24 23:12:23
Mac OSX and TAILS aren't really friendly. Getting the EFI stuff right is troublesome if you don't have the right USB stick. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 00:01:59
You're right, of course. Legally speaking, holding out some piece of evidence happens routinely enough in criminal cases that it itself wouldn't be noteworthy. The rest of my post is going to be word-salad, please forgive me. 
I think one novel aspect of this case could be in the evidence gathering itself. Whether there is a previously unknown vulnerability in the Tor network, or a tool that allowed the folks gathering evidence to bypass traditional security features in websites, that would be newsworthy. Not that it would get out in open court without some more leaks. But stating one thing that the agents know or should know to be false, when it is this wholly other unlawful thing, that's important to the defense. 
I mean, for all we know, the defendant in this case could have been discovered based on a bulk spying operation that captured a large swath of bulk internet traffic, domestically, without a warrant. That would be an easy reason to fight tooth and nail to hold on to the original declaration about how the site's IP address was discovered and subsequently compromised. 
But even if we forget all of that, it seems like there was probably some amount of parallel construction used to effect the search in this case. There are a number of cases at the Federal District level that more or less refuse to hold the government accountable for parallel construction, and also deny the defense the right to have information about the true source of probable cause info in discovery when it comes from other executive branch security operations that are not publicly lawful, not traditionally used by investigators, and technologically speaking "hacking." 
As a test case with high stakes and a lot of potential interest from privacy advocates, digital or crypto currency advocates, and as a referendum on our post-Snowden willingness to compromise digital security in ways we would never accept in their analog form, I find this case interesting even if it is not novel, but I'm not sure that adds anything not already present in this discussion. 
@_date: 2014-01-01 06:14:22


you left out "assuming the other side doesn't show up again." 
I would guess that your lawyer also advised you that it might be difficult to collect the damages the court authorized you to attempt to collect, as you addressed this in your original post. 
Other folks reading your original post might not understand that the defendants to your original suit can still come to court, get a judge to vacate this ruling and force a hearing on the merits of the case. 
@_date: 2014-01-01 05:19:49


This is a dangerously misleading statement. You won because the other side did not show up. You didn't win because your lawyer had a winning legal theory. 
This isn't legal advice, but a potential litigant would be unwise to sue solely because the other side didn't show up in a previous case. 
It will be interesting to see if your lawyer can find any resources to recover how quickly the opposition makes an attempt to reopen the original suit. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 16:29:32
Next thing you know, Randy Moss will be telling people he doesn't accept checks OR cash, just straight bits, homie. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:01:36
No. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 01:02:05
It can't hurt, right? 
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:59:48
The issue isn't whether Bitcoin is a legitimate currency, it is whether and to what extent Bitcoin *services* in the US are lawful under the current money transfer laws. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 00:02:28
He had a stroke, but is back at work, at least nominally. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 00:08:28
This makes complete sense. He has a timer running on his [website]( counting the days, hours, minutes, and seconds since the US credit downgrade, despite being a Republican and therefore responsible for the brinksmanship that caused the downgrade. 
So **clearly** he has a strong grasp on the fundamentals of how cash works. 
I'd just like to add that if this logic is 
    complex = terrorism, terrorism = complex 
Then shoes and underwear must be complicated because they are also used for terrorism according to the TSA. 
edit: I am not a terrorist or a terrorist sympathizer. Thank you. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 03:48:59
I'm not [joking]( 
@_date: 2013-12-02 16:27:00
And april 1st joke and it's bit coins are soon parted. 