@_author: chrisistopherr
@_date: 2014-05-14 21:22:45
What about comment makes him/her richer than you?
@_date: 2014-05-13 18:42:52
I think you just made my point: Bitcoin isn't as tedious as the OP makes it seem, and if it is, WU is certainly just as tedious, if not more so. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 01:53:21
I didn't think Smallpdf was a PDF host so much as a set of online editing tools.
Good to know that's available though!
@_date: 2014-05-13 15:40:14
The WU example is missing some steps for in-person transfers. Also, for this to be a fair comparison shouldn't the users be equally ignorant of WU as they are of Bitcoin? Seems like the following should be added, according to the [WU website]( and [Wikihow](
1. Sender gathers specifics from recipient.  
    
    Sender will need (i) recipient's location so you know what city to send the money to, (ii) confirmation that a WU is open and available in recipient's city, and (iii) the exact name on recipient's photo ID.  
    Sender can also optionally pay for a password to secure the funds beyond requiring a photo ID for pickup.
2. Sender searches and visits a local WU Agent location.
    Where is it? I'm in a major city and so my local WU is 0.5 miles away. What about you?
    Is it open? Luckily my local branch is open from 9AM - 10PM, but it's closed on Sundays. Yours?
    How are you getting there? Hopefully transportation is not an issue.
3. Sender (i) completes applicable send money form, (ii) gives agent the completed form with the applicable funds (including transaction fee), and (iii) authorizes the transfer.
    In what consideration is the USD 3000? Per Wikihow, you can send money from a WU branch via cash, with a credit or debit card, or from bank account to bank account, but some rules apply (not to mention the fine print at the bottom of [this page](
    &gt; Using your credit card may result in a cash-advance fee imposed by the card issuer
    &gt; Fees vary depending on what payment method you choose, where you are sending money from, and where you are sending it to.
    &gt; If you are transferring from one bank account to another, you will need your recipient’s bank name, BIC (Bank Identifier Code) and IBAN (International Bank Account Number) numbers, and the account numbers. You may need additional information for certain countries.
4. Sender saves the receipt and shares the tracking number (MTCN) with the recipient, which the recipient will need for pickup.
5. Recipient locates and visits local WU branch.  Repeat step 1.
6. Recipient (i) completes applicable receive money form and (ii) obtains money. 
    Recipient will need to provide (a) the MTCN number, (b) the answer to a security question, and (c) a matching photo ID.
