@_author: chris613
@_date: 2014-02-02 06:47:43
TLDR; Just explain where it is and that it is valuable. The rest will take care of itself.
IMO all of this advice about "explaining" is redundant (though it is what you asked for) - she doesn't need to know anything at all about bitcoin other than the fact that you have it, and that it is valuable. 
Print a paper wallet and make sure the wallet name (electrum) and logo are on it so that it would be usable by a techie even if they had never heard of electrum before. Also write the amount of BTC on the paper; maybe keep a simple log for significant balance changes. Put this paper wallet in the same secure location where you and your wife hold other important documents - a bank deposit box, a safe in your home, a coffee tin buried in the yard, or your underwear drawer - whatever you've got. Make sure your wife knows that it is "Bitcoin" and its current value in your country's currency.
In the event of your untimely demise it will be easy for her or anyone who can operate a browser to tell approximately what it is worth since you wrote it on the paper. If it has significant value your wife or the lawyer handling the estate will have no trouble finding someone competent to access it.
DISCLAIMER: This advice makes certain assumptions and is not applicable to all amounts, legal jurisdictions, or wives.
@_date: 2014-01-12 20:14:51
Transaction fees.
@_date: 2014-02-22 17:31:48
It reminds me of core wars too for 
some reason. I think it's my (probably incorrect) interpretation of how memory and storage addressing works. Afaict, though, there does not appear to be a way to write another contract's memory, only read it. I have my own test net set up and will be experimenting with dangerous looking contracts tonight.
@_date: 2014-04-26 02:54:13
Yes, the fax machine. I remember when my mother's company first got 'e-mail'. Probably around the time I touched my first XT. It would have been an internal only non-SMTP type of e-mail. She said that no one in her office was interested in e-mail because fax is so great. "They say it's faster than fax, but how could it be? Faxing is instant. Plus you still don't get the document with e-mail, you need to be at your computer, or someone has to print it and deliver it to you."
They had no idea what was coming. :)
DISCLAIMER: I'm not entirely convinced that bitcoin is the internet of money.
@_date: 2014-06-12 22:16:48
Deposit insurance
@_date: 2014-02-22 17:41:08
It is entirely open source 
@_date: 2014-04-30 01:38:00
Step 1: Smash off the end-peice to reveal the hidden keyway
Step 2: Continue with regular lock picking/circumvention
@_date: 2015-07-07 00:13:08
I never meant to suggest that you could fit more transactions in a smaller block, that's just wrong as you say.
To clarify, what I mean is that if you have n transactions, fitting them into a single block takes nX + Y bytes, where X is the average size of the transactions and Y is the size of the block header. If you make smaller blocks and now need two of them to hold the same n transactions, you require nX + 2Y bytes. Therefore as block size decreases, the overhead from headers for a given number of transactions increases. It's not hugely significant (Y is 89 to 97 bytes depending on # of transactions)^1, but if you're worried about bandwidth and storage on your laptop, smaller blocks isn't going to help.


This is false. Every TXin is at least 42 bytes, and every TXout is at least 10 bytes^2. I'm interested, though - what lead you to believe that more inputs and outputs come for free, or even somehow magically reduce the size of the transaction?
I'm open to trying to understand why you think smaller blocks would help your laptop make a better bank, but so far I'm not convinced that I understand your POV.
*(1)* 
*(2)* 
@_date: 2015-07-06 04:54:09
The total size of the blockchain is tied to the number of transactions, not the size of the blocks they are contained in. Smaller blocks will result is slightly MORE disk and bandwidth usage as you will be transmitting and storing more headers. 
What you apparently want is fewer transactions. Is that really what you want?
@_date: 2017-11-24 21:02:55
Almost every post on this thread is from people who have clearly never used a hardware wallet, read the instructions for one, or have any idea how they work. (Edit to add: upon closer inspection it's actually just two people posting the same bad info multiple times)
When you reset a wallet it generates new keys. If a used wallet comes pre initialized then of course do not send funds to it, but reset it and generate your own keys; they will be unrelated to any previous keys and will be safe.
The risk of buying a hardware wallet from a third party is only in whether it is actually legitimate hardware with the expected secure element, or a fake that does similar functions with a flawed RNG or other way to leak the key. Every other concern expressed in this thread is pure BS and the posters should be ashamed of themselves for talking about things they know nothing about. It's definitely safest to get it from the manufacturer, but unless the hardware is fraudulent, used wallet are 100% safe.
@_date: 2012-10-17 02:26:32
I think that "disc" you see on the products page is a picture of a silicon wafer holding hundreds of the asic cores. I imagine the finished product will have the required circuitry in an enclosure. That "disk", while valuable in one sense, wouldn't be much good to you.
@_date: 2012-07-04 23:05:32
No one has mentioned the importance of an offline savings account yet.
TLDR; don't ever put large amounts of BTC on a network connected machine. Also, Electrum.
Use at least 2 addresses, one for "checking" and one for "savings". The savings address must be generated on a machine (or at least a cleanly installed instance of a machine) that is not, has never been, and never will be connected to a network. Print the wallet to paper, save it to a USB stick, and stash each the USB and the paper in different safe locations. What you have now is an "offline savings account" with double backups and exactly 0% chance of compromise without physical access to your computer, paper, or USB stick (Still a risk worth considering).
You can make withdrawals from your savings account without ever moving the wallet to an online computer using Electrum. Withdrawals will not be very convenient, but it's not THAT bad, and the idea is that the offline account is deposit-only for the majority of the time.  
For the checking address, follow all the recommendations here - a secure OS+browser setup, strong passwords with multi-factor auth where possible, etc. Any time you have your wallet.dat on an online machine or trust your BTC to an online provider you are taking some risk, and estimating and managing that risk is quite complicated. The most important part is to keep the balance at that address low, which mitigates all the risks at once.
@_date: 2013-12-26 19:50:47
It just means proof that you already control some coins. Check out the material on peercoin for an explanation of how it works.
@_date: 2013-12-28 16:56:56
The block material you are hashing includes the pool's address in the coinbase tx that grants the block reward. If you solve that block there is no way to switch the address to yours and still have a valid block.
@_date: 2013-11-06 23:39:50
I have a similar opinion of deflationary currency. It seems to me that constant inflation is one of the drivers of the growth-at-all-costs culture that is undermining our sense of businesses ethics, labour equality, and ecological sustainability. The (essentially) infinite and frictionless divisibility of bitcoins may prevent some of the problems of a "shrinking" money supply, while the deflationary effect could help us all slow down a bit and be a bit more sane and sustainable.
Tldr; pipe dream that deflationary but divisible currency will save us from ourselves
@_date: 2013-12-29 06:42:31
If you literally "just need an app that tells the employees at the register BTC was received and how much was received", Mycelium might be your answer. If you generate a new address for each transaction (recommended but rare), then it won't work, but if you have just one address that patrons send to (or one per register), you can add the address as a "watch only" in Mycelium without loading the private keys.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:47:00
TLDR (IANAL or a CPA); If you bought to sell higher but don't make a living doing this every day, then it's capital gains like any other commodity when converted to CAD. If you day trade bitcoin regularly, then it's income when converted to CAD. If you regularly sell things for bitcoin and don't convert to CAD, then it's barter. If you're mining, I'd expect them to want you to treat it as business income. No idea what the treatment is supposed to be if you day trade or mine and never convert to CAD. Consult a CPA in all cases if you're concerned.
Yes, that was a TLDR ;)
If you want to avoid a bit of a hassle I'd talk to someone at the bank, explaining that you're getting a large transfer from a capital gain on a virtual currency trade, and that you're aware of the tax implications. They can at least put it on your file for when the flag appears. :)