@_author: christopher1980
@_date: 2014-02-24 21:22:50
You nailed it! This is exactly why we need to be taking action. Someone must know where Mark Karpeles is, who his friends are. For his own sake as well as of his customers we need to start demanding answers. He cannot be allowed to hide away like this. 
I have requested a full public audit of MtGox accounts (fiat and BTC) to bring immediate closure to this issue so people can get on with their lives: 
@_date: 2013-04-21 21:49:53
Yes I noticed this too, clarkmoody is down as well but note that Bitcoin Charts isn't. So if these attackers are financially motivated doesn't this mean they must have a position in the market, surely they must believe these coins are worth something otherwise they wouldn't be trying to lower the price? 
@_date: 2013-06-09 17:30:09
You speak a lot of truth, those closest to the market are the ones with the most distorted view. I hold bitcoin and have been slowly investing in it by buying and mining over last few months. For me it's about backing an idea; the denationalisation of currencies and also to protect myself against inflation in the long term. 
Bitcoin gives me a voice, I don't just trade with it I also talk about it to merchants, always asking Waiters if they accept Bitcoin payments and then explaining what it is:
"Bitcoin is a virtual internet currency not controlled by any government or bank."
This opener almost always gets me a smile and a curious tilt of the head. They like it. I answer any questions they might have and then tell them to make up their own mind:
"Be sure to Google it, and if you like what you see feel free to ask me anymore questions, here take my email"
They nearly always take my email.
I give Bitcoin to friends and family. I say "everyone should have at least some bitcoin even if only a few satoshis."
If I didn't own any Bitcoin my behaviour would certainly be different. But actions speak louder than words. I am struck by the sheer vision and ambition of this project that I have to do something.
When volatility hits strong hands enter the market and weak hands get shaken out. This is fine by me. But right now the price is being manipulated by some big holders and that's not fine. The work that needs to be done is to start decentralising particularly the exchanges, all the worst things about BTC are the areas of centralisation like Gox which is runs contrary to the central philosophy of p2p. 
Right now the world lacks leadership. Even if Bitcoin doesn't make I am confident it that the idea itself is here to stay. Bitcoin has sparked a debate that was dearly needed and I am grateful to you for taking part in it. The best way to learn is to listen to outsiders.
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:08:28
Now that's a lot of pot!
@_date: 2013-04-21 23:36:22
It's possible that governments are responsible as they would have the most to gain but actually there is also a possibility that because the earlier attack today only produced a modest 15% dip that the attackers gave it a second try and then tried pulling down the charting sites to make it harder for people to co-ordinate. They want to create as much uncertainty as possible, which markets hate.
@_date: 2013-06-17 10:05:39
I think we need to come up with coin designs for Decibitcoins, Centibitoins, Millibitoins, Microbitcoins and Satoshis.
A distinctive design for each like Dimes and Nickles. Then as standard on sites like Gox the user should have the option of changing the the way BTC is displayed so that if they want they can just buy 5 Centibitcoin or 5 cBTC which right now would be about $5.
Even if you are good at maths it's still requires cognitive overhead dealing with all the decimal places.
@_date: 2013-04-22 12:42:30
Bitcoin charts is also down "500 internal server error"
@_date: 2013-04-12 13:53:17
Just looked up about 30-40 of these address, could only verify one, a guy from the Philippines working in Finance 