@_author: christopher_colem
@_date: 2018-09-14 21:20:21
Yeah this is why I don't trust QR codes yet. They're easily manipulated and hard to see. You'd have to scan it yourself again to double check.
Also be careful about copying across addresses. There is malware that will alter the address on your clipboard so you inadvertently send it off somewhere else. I usually give each address a quick scan to see if the letter patterns match before sending it off. 
I wonder if such malware can lie dormant in your cold storage and catch private keys...?
@_date: 2018-09-20 20:14:33
But you can make colorful charts that show what happened. Those look pretty professional and then you can say where you want the price to go, and if enough people trust that analysis, they might just push it in that direction.
The only thing that you can predict with charts is where trends will run out of gas. But once they run out of gas, that doesn't mean they're necessarily going to pop in the other direction. They might just go sideways long enough to stop everyone out instead. Then everyone wonders why the magic bitcoin price ball doesn't work. 
@_date: 2018-09-21 21:55:22
There's a few things you can look at. Traders call it confluence: when several different indicators line up. 
Firstly I check Fibonacci levels. Markets tend to respect these above all else. Expansion and retrace. Joe Dinappoli did some great work on this. 
Then I check momentum indicators for divergence. Multiple indicators, MACD, Stochastics, RSI, etc. etc.
Moving averages will show you if they're offset. Dinappoli's 3x3 and 25x5 work best.
Finally, volume. If you see a huge movement with suspiciously low volume, it's probably not a real one.
@_date: 2018-09-27 08:52:14
Looks like the doors are closing to get in at the low low price of $6500 boys...
Nothing to worry about in this bear market. It's long found a floor and has nearly broken out of its triangle. If you look at the way Bitcoin keeps bouncing up, it's trying to gain momentum to break through but it doesn't have a good enough reason yet. Looking at the coming months of BAKKT and other forms of adoption, and the shortening supply, and the halvening in the next two years, there's only good news on the horizon! 
@_date: 2018-09-29 20:04:50
Or propaganda. That looks like subliminal messaging to me. 
Pretty clever idea though, better than just switching it into some senseless curse. Not sure how many people will get it. Probably only those who already have bought all they can handle right now. 
Now we just need some Banksy street art with BUYBTC in it everywhere.