@_author: christianmate
@_date: 2015-07-15 00:13:33
Do you realize that 1 Bitcoin (10 Billion Satoshi) Will be more than you can ever plan on spending? 
@_date: 2015-07-14 09:39:14
Dear Reader,
An alternative currency – already in circulation across America – could soon explode in value.
As you’re about to discover, it could hand you as much as $56,700 over the next 9-12 months.
Some people are already calling it the “next Bitcoin.” And that’s saying a lot.
As you may know, Bitcoin is the digital “cryptocurrency” that has disrupted economies worldwide. It has also made some investors a fortune along the way.
Over the course of just three years, Bitcoin’s value skyrocketed more than 1,632,316%.
You could have bought $10,000 worth of Bitcoin… and exchanged it for $163.2 million (in U.S. dollars) just 36 months later!
The value of Bitcoins in circulation has now topped $1.5 billion.
No wonder major companies like Dell, Amazon, and Target, all accept Bitcoin as payment.
But here’s what most folks don’t realize.
Another currency is poised to upset Bitcoin as the world’s No.1 cryptocurrency.
In fact, it’s fast rivalling the dollar for many transactions online.
Already, dozens of Wall Street banks including Morgan Stanley, BlackRock, Credit Suisse, Bank of New York Mellon, and Bank of America are amassing positions alongside this currency in their “in house” accounts.
Forbes calls it "profit enhancing."
Business Insider says it has the potential of "taking over our wallets."
Bankrate.com says "You can beef up your individual retirement account with it."
According to our research, this currency is about to boom – worldwide.
One simple investment now could set you up for years. (And I can show you how to get started for less than $20 bucks!)
That’s why I’ve rushed to put this presentation together.
In a moment, you’ll discover exactly how to play this explosive situation.  But you’ll have to act quickly.
Just like with Bitcoin, the early-in investors will make the most money.
Doing so could change your retirement plans for the better.
So what is this currency, exactly?
Wall Street’s Latest Cash Cow?
Before I reveal this opportunity in detail, please allow me to formerly introduce myself.
My name is Robert Williams.
I’m the editor of True Alpha… by Wall Street Daily.
True Alpha is an unusual research service focused on one type of opportunity.
In the hedge fund world, they call them “special situations.”
Think of George Soros and Jim Rogers pocketing $1 billion in ONE DAY by shorting the British Pound…
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:25:18
@_date: 2015-07-19 16:58:50
What's wrong with the top three? I love hearing about Bitcoin IRL and other places accepting bitcoin
 Things I don't care about: what you don't care about