@_author: chrissmoover
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:14:09
Case in point: you just got offered a job in this thread for having learned all that "useless crap" in the pursuit of your degree. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:57:55
Yeah, fuck all those calculus and physics professors, what do they know? Biology, chemistry, all bullshit right? What an incredibly ignorant statement. How can you assert that people that study subjects for years know nothing about the world because a few professors were wrong about Bitcoin. Many professors make huge discoveries and conduct experiments that help us understand things about our world we could never have figured out. There are fields in which opinions and speculation are massive factors such as philosophy, economics, and politics. Obviously, there will be times when certain people are wrong. But to suggest all academics, even history, computer science, physics, and mathematics professors "know nothing about the real world" indicates that you have a fundamental misunderstanding of the "real world". Who do you think taught all the people that "do"?
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:08:23
If you're going to edit a reply, do it to fix grammatical mistakes not to change the content of it. I liked the previous version where you said: "I guess you didn't read what I wrote".  
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:21:14
Another edit mate? Jeesh, you really can't stick to your statements. In any event, you say "clear now?" as if that could be in any way derived from the first statement.  You have changed your position, that much is "clear". Cheers.
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:28:21
In case you edit this again, I'll include the original comment I'm replying to: 
"Jesus man youre really anal right. Its clear what I meant. Degrees are a waste of time and their content is useless. If the ONLY use is a interview for a job you have no preparation for is that a USE to you?!?! A degree should prepare the student for their subject matter and they dont. How bad is that especially when Uni fees are so high. Most students graduate in debt. So yes to me degrees are a waste of time money and are actually a fraud."
There are countless studies that show individuals that have degrees make more than individuals without. There is your use. Some degrees are worse than others for sure. But the barrier to entry for many high paying jobs is a degree. How can you be a doctor, lawyer, pharmacist, or nurse without a college degree? You can't. They aren't all a waste of time. Just like all lecturers aren't pseudo intellectuals who spout off dated gibberish. When you make generalizations like that you sound foolish. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:34:46
Not trolling, just educating you. Generalizations = bad. Anecdotal evidence of your degree not pertaining to your specific work activities does not constitute as a proof to everyone pursuing higher education that degrees are a waste of time. You should have learned that in uni. Hmmm... I guess your degree was useless. Hahaha cheers. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:39:01
You have already admitted you cannot get an interview without the degree, which means you would not have gained that experience working in the field. Therefore the degree set the foundation for you being offered a job. This means it wasn't a waste of time to learn information that helped you get the degree. You're creating some sort of dichotomy between stuff you learned to get the degree and stuff you learned while working. This is irrelevant because you need the degree to get the job. That's like a doctor saying medical school was a waste of time because they don't need to remember amino acids while giving a flu shot. You need to remember amino acids to pass medical school, which you need to become a doctor.  It's simple logic. You can say the information was useless, but not a waste of time. I mean you can technically still say it, but you're being intellectually dishonest.  
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:03:52
Nope. Now you're trying to re frame your argument. That may be what you thought but here's what you said: 
"99% of my degree was a waste of time. The 1% that was worth it was the friends I made and the parties. :)"
This indicates that the totality of what you learned was a "waste of time". The only worth you derived was from "friends" and "parties" which you didn't need to pursue a degree to get. Now you're saying something different entirely. If it was hyperbole, state that it was hyperbole. Don't insinuate I didn't read it. Additionally, just because you don't use the information daily doesn't mean learning it was a waste of time. Learning it got you a degree, a job, work experience, and a job offer today. Try not to think so linearly. Nice try though. Cheers mate. :)
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:00:44
If the degree got you the job that isn't true. If it didn't, you either got the wrong degree or the wrong job. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:10:26
Yep and yep. You misunderstand me. I didn't say it was valuable information. I was asserting it wasn't a waste of time to learn this "useless crap" because (ideally) learning this "useless information" helped you to get a degree and therefore a job. Just like working at Walmart for 3 years isn't a waste of time if the experience gets you a job as a manager or helps you land another job. If you could get the job without the degree then, again, you got the wrong degree ( you shouldn't have gotten it) or the wrong job (do something that your degree would help you do). 
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:17:01
But your original comment was in response to someone basically saying "hey, let's not make generalizations". You responded in disagreement essentially saying  everything you learned (unless you count making friends and partying as learning) was a waste of time. That clarification is a re framing of your argument not an explanation. You can't support that first statement with your previous ones. They contradict each other. Surely, you see what I mean.  If you're saying you've changed your mind and there was even a little more value to your degree than partying and friends then you've switched over to my side and the conversation is over.