@_author: christophollo
@_date: 2015-12-11 08:37:45
I don't think he has a PhD: there's no record of his Doctor of Theology thesis on any academic database I've searched, and CSU has said that it never awarded him a doctorate, calling him Mr Wright:  The question is: Who awarded him this "Doctor of Theology, Comparitive Religous and Classical Studies 1998 – 2003" (as he wrote on his now-pulled LinkedIn page)  --  and why couldn't he spell "comparative" or "religious" correctly? 
@_date: 2015-12-11 08:15:21
Of course, CSU has said that it has never awarded Wright a doctorate, and has addressed him as Mr Craig Wright, almost as if to indicate that he holds no doctorate that they can verify:  This despite the fact that they have often previously referred to him as Dr Wright (for example, see  Funnily enough, on one bio, Wright says he's planning his third doctorate: 
@_date: 2015-12-11 08:42:55
Plus, Where one would put the institution from which they received their degree on LinkedIn, Wright wrote "Guess."


Ask me and I may share. I act as a lay pastor and I do not always desire to argue with people who have no concept of religion. I was a catholic, became an atheist, and moved towards the uniting church as I learnt more in science and mathematics.If you need to ever need to know of Dionysus, Vesta, Menrva, Ceres (Roman Goddess of the Corn, Earth, Harvest) or other Mythological characters - I am your man. I could even hold a conversation on Eileithyia, the Greek Goddess of Childbirth and her roman rebirth as Lucina.I bet you did not know that Asklepios Aesculapius is the Greek God of Health and Medicine or that Lucifer is the name of the Roman Light-bearer, the God and Star that brings in the day. Extra-activity: A comparitive study of Greko-Roman foundations to the Judeo-Christian origins of the Eve belief and myth structure.If you are really lucky (or unlucky as the case my be) I may let you read my dissertation:"Gnarled roots of a creation theory".
@_date: 2015-12-11 07:53:58
I now strongly suspect Wright's not been awarded a PhD. I've scoured the academic databases and can find no reference to a thesis titled "Gnarled Roots of a Creation Theory." I've had a look at his academic writing, which seems to have been published mainly in Springer-edited volumes (Springer's a reputable publisher, but a big one that publishes both low and high quality work), and it remains very poorly edited, much of it abounding in spelling and grammar errors. On his LinkedIn page, now pulled, he said he had a "Doctor of Theology, Comparitive Religous and Classical Studies 1998 – 2003," with a thesis (as I said) titled "Gnarled roots of a creation theory." One might have thought he'd take the time to spell "comparative" or "religious" correctly...
@_date: 2015-12-11 08:41:56
Where one would put the institution from which they received their degree on LinkedIn, Wright wrote "Guess."
1998 - 2003
Doctor of Theology in Comparitive Religous and Classical Studies - Guess (I am an ex-chatholic who is now involved in the UC)
Ask me and I may share. I act as a lay pastor and I do not always desire to argue with people who have no concept of religion. I was a catholic, became an atheist, and moved towards the uniting church as I learnt more in science and mathematics.If you need to ever need to know of Dionysus, Vesta, Menrva, Ceres (Roman Goddess of the Corn, Earth, Harvest) or other Mythological characters - I am your man. I could even hold a conversation on Eileithyia, the Greek Goddess of Childbirth and her roman rebirth as Lucina.I bet you did not know that Asklepios Aesculapius is the Greek God of Health and Medicine or that Lucifer is the name of the Roman Light-bearer, the God and Star that brings in the day.
Extra-activity: A comparitive study of Greko-Roman foundations to the Judeo-Christian origins of the Eve belief and myth structure.If you are really lucky (or unlucky as the case my be) I may let you read my dissertation:"Gnarled roots of a creation theory".
