@_author: chris45215
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:29:32
BtcChina should be taken down a few steps for interface and usability. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 15:03:28
Retained earnings is a specific accounting term, and generally means profits. Regulation can define it, that's fine (it's effecively defined already, abd GAAP is as good as law for this purpose), but shouldnt say what it can be invested in.
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:59:16
What is with this "I dont want to beg" idea? There's no goddam begging. Its just us telling our politicians that they are being dumbasses and that we will vote them out of office!
Let's use that insulting terminology some more. Ever return a product that doesn't work? Well then you're groveling over the phone for the company to be charitable and accept the product back during the return period. Ever take a car in for repairs? Then you're groveling at the dealership. Ever buy anything, ever? Then your blowing someone else so you can use their products. 
Yeah, grovel and beg some more then. Because if you use that terminology for every interaction that happens in a market economy and political system, get the hell out of my country and get off Reddit because you're just insulting the people who actually get shit done!
@_date: 2014-05-07 00:52:24
Sponsoring events is a idea than sponsoring one athlete, and it allows us to target MUCH better.
Bitcoin is an intersection of technology and investment. It is almost the **only** thing like this - all technological consumer products have huge depreciation and no one considers them an investment. **Our target events should be geeky events for investors, and investment events for geeks.** For example, there is a magazine for bank IT employees,  and it would be GREAT to have advertisements in that (we will be aiming for the employees, not the bank itself). [Financial IT]( would be great too. And how about we reach out to [a wealth manager for rich geeks]( Anything that Fiserve sponsors we can be involved with too - they make software systems for banks. 
Not only may these people get involved with bitcoin, they are also the people who can help move it forward the most.
@_date: 2014-04-14 23:18:19
Amazon may be able to implement bitcoin payments in a limited way. For example, there are many websites that are Amazon affiliates and have a store that is actually handled by Amazon. I believe Amazon handles the payment system as well. It may be possible for some of those affiliates to have a bitcoin payment option, but of course that payment would still run through Amazon. Perhaps Amazon would allow the website to receive it's commision in bitcoins, in which case it would forward that commision and convert the rest to fiat.
This may be a simpler and more palatable option, because the merchants and affiliate websites just need to say "I want to receive MY payment in bitcoin". This may be useful for digital products when the merchant is in a country where Amazon has little footprint and thus may not have strong banking relationships.
I believe Amazon operates as its own money transmitter, and thus it would have extremely low transaction fees. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:15:32
No, a group of investors is not allowed to come in and buy property that belongs to customers. Those coins are assets for customers and debt for Mt. Gox. If someone buys Gox, they will also buy the obligation to return those assets to customers. So, no investor in their right mind would do that, because it would eat away $10 to $20 million, at minimum.
Instead, any potential buyer will wait for Gox to complete its bankruptcy, when it will declare all those loses and they will be wiped from the table. Some investor may buy the tiny shell that remains of Mt. Gox, but all the debts will have been dissolved in the bankruptcy.
@_date: 2014-05-25 18:03:05
I cannot speak for that time period, as I was not arbitraging then. However, even at this moment, I can assure you that most of the price movement attributed to China is not caused by China at all. It simply isn't, and I would have seen the liquidity and price movement if it was.
China's effect is HUGELY overrated. A little bit of new activity can change the market a great deal, but nonetheless China isn't the big kid in this playground.
@_date: 2014-02-25 02:30:04
First off, what company shuts down it's servers during their peak business and trading hours? They could have shut it at 6 PM Japan time, which is the middle of the night in the US where most customers are.
Also, if they planned a shutdown, they would have announced it. There is no reason to not announce it - they announced that they stopped external transfers, after all. The only reason to not announce ahead of time (or even a few minutes after the shutdown) is if they have no idea how long it will take to get the servers back up or if it will work.
@_date: 2014-06-22 05:12:29
My best use of credit cars features was when American Airlines lost my luggage in South America and they refused to accept any responsibility for it whatsoever. Because I bought the flight with my credit card, I called my credit card company, and they read the riot act to the airline, and billed them for the clothes and items I had to purchase to get by for a completely unknown period of time - the airline couldn't give any estimate of when my stuff would arrive, other than "more than 2 days" (because they wouldn't load the stuff onto any flight other than their own airplanes, which were infrequent).
So, kudos to American Express for whacking American Airlines over the head for me. If not for them, American Airlines would have complete impunity for losing my luggage for a few days - there are some 'laws' regarding compensation for lost luggage, but good luck getting an airline to actually follow that law - many won't even answer the phone.
@_date: 2014-03-08 07:51:45
It doesn't surprise me at all. I could bore you with a story of how I and a few other bloggers discredited a local news station back in 2004 when they ran a story about voter fraud (blogs were big at that time, is was within a few months of Rathergate). but the TL;DR version is: when their story was discredited, they just removed all the proper nouns, so there were no facts left to discredit - just the story of fraud. They restored the names a few days later and made some CYA additions and pathetic attempts to answer obvious contradictions.
So, the media will pull a CYA operation if they possibly can, and wont retract a story unless they are cornered and have no other option.  I can't blame journalists for this because any person will defend the opinion that they have developed, and they cannot see if/when they are wrong once they have committed to it. That's just how people are.
@_date: 2014-07-27 16:45:53
Yes, you do need to comply. Otherwise, the words "prison time", and "business-destroying fines" come into play. Just ask Charlie Shrem or Dread Pirate Roberts.
Any legitimate business in the Bitcoin ecosystem will be regulated by these laws. These businesses are registered with their states (that's part of how they become legitimate businesses) and their executive officers sign those registrations. If the business doesn't comply, legal authorities (police) will go after those executives. 
That's how it works. "Decentralized" doesn't mean squat when you're put in handcuffs, your bank accounts are frozen, and police confiscate your servers. Try running a business from a jail cell.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:15:29
And they have yet to explain where all the coins and fiat went.
@_date: 2014-09-18 17:40:03
Despite your username, you know your stuff. :)  have an upvote.
@_date: 2014-03-19 04:13:08
Could you give a bit of detail about the genre or other subject matter of the books on your website?
Also, if you could give the first few paragraphs (or maybe even 2-3 pages) of the books, that could be helpful. This would be the "read a few pages in the bookstore" type of thing. Since you don't need to include the first part of the books, you could experiment with hooks from different parts of the books to draw readers in. 
[EDIT: I just saw that you do this on the homepage. You've got the stuff above covered]
I hope you can forgive the following criticism regarding The Journal:
Please consider merging pages 2, 3, and 6 into a single page, and also remove page 7. We don't need a special page repeating the name of the book and author (an old pet peeve of mine). It might be helpful to change the dedication to actually say "this book is dedicated too...", to help make it clearer if it is merged with other pages.
I'm assuming that the large text size is so the book can be read comfortably on an iPhone, which is cool. But please make the top margin the same size as the bottom margin, and give a little bit more margin on the sides too (just a bit)
Finally, it would be nice if you could include a higher resolution image of the cover of The Journal inside the pdf. I havn't purchased the other book yet.
@_date: 2014-04-20 16:03:16
I'm in the same boat/desert. As long as bitcoin appreciates, I plan to start stockpiling my pyramid building materials. I may try to build a terra cotta army too.
@_date: 2014-06-20 18:59:20
I used to work for a bank that has an app which can do exactly this.
It was made by an external company.
There have been no problems or complaints. Most banks (even pretty big ones) dont have a business structure that allows strong and fast in-house development. Many banks hired outside contractors to design their websites, and usually all but the very largest banks use externally-made software for core business functions like loan origination and handling.
The bank business structure simply isnt compatible with a good software development environment. Banks are not even allowed to have employee Fantasy Football leagues that charge an entrance fee and give a prize to the winner, because that is gambling. That's not just some interpretation of the law - the regulators told management that it had to stop immediately.
@_date: 2014-04-22 07:18:10
Btc-e is good, based on my experience - though I can never promise on the future of exchanges. Their API is solid - and that means a lot in my world.
You know how sometimes you are in the mood for a high-end restaurant with a live jazz band or string quartet, and sometimes you're in the mood for the cheap bar/club with the sweet DJ? Btc-e is the cheap bar. By the end of the night, you've saved a lot of money on drinks and probably had more fun.
@_date: 2014-04-04 06:50:02
Yep, it probably means that you received a standardized form letter for AML, and they just numbered that one as   Letters from banks have amazing ways of providing not enough information sometimes.
@_date: 2014-08-31 18:05:21
Good point. It could indeed be two bots, if both of them ignore the fees, or indeed if one is set to spoof the other.
Some bots simply place orders that are $0.01 better than existing orders, which many of us botmakers consider unsportsmanlike (for lack of better term). We can design bots specifically to push those bots into losing positions, but those shouldn't increase volume by this much, especially on an exchange with fees.
@_date: 2014-03-28 03:35:15
I am considering selling all my holdings in December, depending on it's price, for tax reasons - kind of.
I do day trading and arbitrage across several exchanges, and calculating profit/loss could be extremely difficult. It will be much easier to calculate if I determine my holdings on January 1st (which is relatively easy), and convert it all to cash by December 31st - the buys and sells will cancel each other out, so I'll be left with only the profit or loss.  I hope that I can purchase a futures contract when I do this, so I can keep the same financial stake in bitcoin even after selling.
I have not committed to this strategy, but it is an option.
@_date: 2014-04-09 07:25:00
The advantage to registered trademarks is that they can be used to prevent a confusingly similar symbol from being used.  Open trademarks like the bitcoin symbol wouldn't be enforced heavily in most situations, but it would provide legal ways for the community to prevent scams that try to use the bitcoin name and symbol on worthless products.
@_date: 2014-05-04 19:20:05
That is commonly believed, but not actually true. Currently the majority of US banks hold much more reserves than required, so they don't need to hold the cash (and, because they are the bank, they can't earn interest just by holding it - unless they put it in a savings account at another bank).
There are two reasons transactions take days. First, the sending bank may be slow. Or an earlier bank in the chain may be slow to send the funds, if the customer is moving money quickly between many different banks. The receiving bank has no way to ensure that the money is good all the way along the chain - and there is a type of fraud called Check Kiting which would abuse this.
Second, banks make mistakes sometimes. The Royal Bank of Scotland made a series of them a few years back which prevented them from processing transactions for a few days, IIRC. Banks like to keep a bit of a time buffer to allow mistakes to be fixed. This relates again to the earlier point, as a receiving bank can't ensure that the sending bank is handling the transaction quickly.
There may be some specific regulatory reasons as well, but I can't remember them off the top of my head.
@_date: 2014-05-25 18:10:16
I've been thinking the same thing, and pointed out similar when an idea like this was first proposed. Also, don't forget that Gox offered a huge range of currencies, and these bits could have been a way to transfer between currencies - but if that was the case, they would have nearly-matching buys and sells.  Also, market activity follows daily answering patterns, but these bots don't seem to do that.  If poorly programmed, they would probably make whatever transactions needed at the moment needed. If programmed well they could do some load balancing based on market volume. But near-random amounts within a very specific range and at these types of intervals? We can compile all the data and see if there's a bell curve for the transaction amount or duration between trades. If there's no bell curve, it could likely be a random number generator.
@_date: 2014-05-10 04:10:48
TL;DR: Hire a major auditing firm to oversee your balloting. It doesn't cost a huge amount, and can save you a lot of trouble.
I believe the auditing firm Ernst &amp; Young is responsible for counting the ballots at the Ms. USA competition. And PricewaterhouseCoopers oversees the ballots for the Oscars.
While this may sound like a BS job for an auditing firm, there is an excellent reason to use an auditing firm: if that firm messes it up, they go out of business. The firm Arthur Anderson didn't perform enough diligence on Enron, and they surrendered their accounting license because of it (Arthur Anderson didn't even help Enron commit the fraud).
@_date: 2014-05-13 00:14:29
So I should drink PBR ironically, but only because it's now at the point of being a triple-bluff? First you could be a hipster and drink it ironically, then that became too common and *so last season*, but now it's gone beyond that into full-fledged retro coolness?
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:42:38
Caixin? Who is that?
@_date: 2014-03-21 01:22:48
I was a cheap buyer, but i'd still be unhappy. Gox hasn't shown anything (as far as I know) to back up their claim that a large portion of coins were stolen.
But the worst thing Gox did was harm the bitcoin reputation and community as a whole. That devalued all the coins that were outside of Gox, too.
@_date: 2014-05-14 03:40:29
I think that the "3 btc every so often" cases are rather few and far between. If I was mining, it wouldn't both me at all. Besides, I would not include accidentally huge fees as part of my calculation for mining profits, so the loss of those fees would not actually harm me (it just means I don't receive a bonus freebie).
The only thing I would ask from the pool is for some clear guidelines of what constitutes an accidentally huge fee. If someone sent 10,000 bitcoins with a fee of 2.5 btc, yeah that's a huge fee to pay, but it's a bit harder to argue that it was an obvious accident. A .1 btc transaction with a 2.5 btc fee, on the other hand, can ONLY really be made by accident. The guidelines can include the caveat "Incidents will be evaluated on a case-by-case bases and we reserve all rights to exercise exceptions to this rule", that would be fine. The purpose of the guideline is to simply set a marker that can be referenced, and not a hard and fast law.
@_date: 2014-05-02 00:55:24
Actually, to make this, you only need a gold company to accept payments by bitcoin. I could promise now to deliver 1 gram of gold in exchange for 1 bitcoin. There's no requirement that the gold must be pegged to the current market value of bitcoin, the gold offer could be worth a lot less. 
@_date: 2014-11-06 15:42:22
Wow, what a horrible person you are.
@_date: 2014-05-15 22:01:08
I do not like this at all. Here's a potential huge problem: Gox hasn't revealed all it's wallets, thus we can't see and verify that it's really empty - they already claimed to be empty but "found" 200k coins on an old harddrive. If they are not really empty and are secretly still holding the coins, then the new owners of the company would gain ownership of those coins after the purchase and settlement. BUT, us customers receive a small portion of the company assets in the settlement, and all remaining debt is null and void. Those magically recovered coins are property of the new company owners, and us customers can't do anything about it because we've already settled.
You may wonder why Mark wouldn't announce the coins remaining under his control in this scenario, but the reason is pretty simple: he can sell the company dirt cheap, rip off the customers, and then receive a few million dollars under the table (or as consulting fees) from the new owners after the deal is done. This is illegal, but it does happen. 
We can't let this happen. We must ensure that, if any coins are hidden, they must be revealed. It would be better to have the coins destroyed than to allow a company to swoop in and buy them for pennies on the dollar - they would crash the market when they sell (remember, us customers would never see those coins) and we can't allow a precedent like that. I'm not accusing Mark or the purchasers of doing this, But I am saying that it is a very real possibility.
@_date: 2014-11-30 05:26:33
Russia does this to bring in an extra 3.5 to $4 billion in revenue. In the US, we'd wonder why the government would even bother with such "small" amounts of chump change. 
(The US financial situation isn't actually *that* bad, really. Its not great, and doesn't show signs of significant improvement in the near future, but the US economy and deficits arnt in nearly the dire straits that you'd presume from reading this sub).
@_date: 2014-07-22 12:55:10
Report them to your state's banking regulators. If they prevented you from paying your bills, especially if any of those bills are to them, then it will go onto *their* record with the state. Banks are afraid of that, they really are.
@_date: 2014-02-23 02:53:20
That's not a "bailout" of the dead exchange, though it does seem to be a bailout of the separate 17k loss. The acquisition of the bankrupt exchange is exactly that: an acquisition. It is a regular-ish part of the international traditional banking process.
In the United States, when a traditional consumer bank runs out of money, a bunch of the guys from the FDIC walk into the branches or main office at the end of the day and announce that the bank is insolvent. They then go through the computer systems and accounts, and look for a new bank to buy the insolvent bank. The acquisition can usually happen within days, and often is planned and arranged beforehand. If no acquisition is arranged, the insolvent bank's customers are sent a check for their balance up to the amount of federal insurance ($250,000).
This process is actually breathtakingly fast and efficient, because it's what the FDIC does, and the FDIC has good people who know what they are doing.
The really amazing thing is that Mt Gox was able to do similar. That was a great indicator that the bitcoin economy could have this insurance benefit of traditional banking, but without having to pay for FDIC/other insurance and without actually dealing with banks.
EDIT: As the insolvent exchange was in receivership, any owners had the responsibility to handle it's assets. They also had the misfortune to be the target of any death threats. Chances are that they were in communication with Gox for a while before this happened. And selling of customer assets/bitcoins to cover the exchange's debts is a massive no-no in every industry. It's the kind of no-no that I have known executives to spend 20 years in prison for (because if they were not in prison, their customers - many based in central and south america and with potential ties to the mafia - would have killed them).
Also, I'd like to add that the imminent insolvency of a bank is almost always a well-kept secret until the FDIC actually shows up and takes over. This is to prevent a bank run which would make everything worse, and a rush of customers refusing to leave would actually make it impossible for the FDIC personnel to do their jobs.
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:57:43
If you are in the US, Coinbase is usually the best way to buy bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:30:45
Some evidence would be nice.
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:52:37
I thought the original actually had some pretty good hiding in place, and that the feds couldn't link the site to a name until they found some post from years ago asking for coding help?
@_date: 2014-03-27 00:58:54
If we are holding bitcoin as an investment or an investment vehicle, can we consider it to be part of a self-directed 401k, roth 401k, or any other type of investment account with tax benefits?  If we can do this, how can we designate it accordingly if we regularly buy and sell?
@_date: 2014-04-11 18:05:03
This is one of the things I find annoying too, but unfortunately it is part of the statistical probability. I do not believe there is any way to make blocks more likely to appear at the 10 minute average time.
The only way around the problem is to use something like litecoin with more frequent blocks. but it can still face upwards of 10 minutes between blocks quite often.
If there was a complete overhaul of the protocol or a new altcoin, it would be possible to make the difficulty dynamic (changeable), and decrease that difficulty as the total number of hashes increases. However, that would be very difficult to coordinate and keep all the miners honest.
@_date: 2014-08-31 18:23:15
I read that as "bitcorns taste like butter". Yummm, sweet buttery bitcorns.
@_date: 2014-10-17 02:37:03
Good luck, but I really hope you formulate a plan quickly. Knowing how to code is good, but being an independent developer can be a very different thing. The learning curve can be high, as you need to learn how to learn and gain experience.
@_date: 2014-03-13 06:39:19
I have a handful of gift cards that I need to use and/or convert. 2% would be a very reasonable fee. 4% would make me hesitate, but I would probably do it. 5% or more is enough to push me away.
@_date: 2014-04-08 04:22:29
If I understand correctly, this is just a standard debit card. But, the 'bank' where you hold your account is willing to accept bitcoin deposits and will convert them to cash. 
This is a step towards the right direction for bitcoin, but it's at a bit of a tangential angle. I'll keep my traditional debit card.
@_date: 2014-03-05 02:18:06
Actually, the entire issue is that Russia strictly enforces the law that the Ruble is the only legal currency in Russia. They worked very hard to make it a stable (enough) currency and eliminate under-the-table dollar transactions, so they want to keep it that way.  Owning and investing in bitcoin should be fine, but they will not allow it to be used as a currency.
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:33:55
Yep. Incompetent for the job he ended up with (which was a lot bigger than the job he initially put himself into - no one really expected btc to grow so much so fast), afraid to admit errors, afraid to hire people who could help, and tunnel vision describe him well. He's not a thief or scammer, just incapable of doing the job that running Mt Gox became. There's many people who can't transition from being a small company boss to a big company boss, but fortunately many know when to step aside, or at least don't fail in such spectacular and costly ways.
@_date: 2014-11-07 03:09:44
Actually, I kind of like it when it's done decently. It's a great way to learn new things, and can be be very helpful when making the high-level structure of a project. 
But, I wouldn't want to do it for more than an hour at a time, maybe a few times per week at most.
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:53:06
It's no better for criminals than many other exchanges would be. Btc-e has one of the best APIs and were among the first to offer any altcoin trading. Also, their fees were .2 percent at a time when everyone else started at .5% or 1%.
@_date: 2014-03-26 04:46:04
Let's hope Marc doesn't get AOL'd on his Bitcoin investments.
@_date: 2014-06-30 22:55:36
As an arbitrager who uses your API, the full orderbook is not needed for my purposes. So, if you do implement that feature, please don't let it reduce your existing bandwidth or increase latency. You have a great site and one of the most stable API's in the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2014-03-05 02:34:36
It seems like a rather moderate response to me, except that he has been following it for 6 months. 
It may be most convincing to explain to him that Bitcoin is a payment method, and it has a clever way of rewarding early adopters.  It is harder to understand how it is a payment method, but that explanation can help explain its appeal.  If bitcoin were just some collector's item (like most fads), it would have no value at all.  You could then turn the argument around and ask him what would happen if all payments and currency were in only stocks, bonds, gold, or complicated electronic transfers of those things - and then someone invented cash.  The cash would be a great payment method, but it's ease of use would give it additional value.  
@_date: 2014-02-24 03:54:53
This is NOT news, it's a year old. Apparently people are claiming this video is now relevant because the author posted an update to the description saying "I made no claims as to whether or not MTGOX was solvent or not."
So, the update is that the person involved didn't say anything relevant to the current situation.  How is this news??  If this is news, then we should stop the presses and report that Paris Hilton didn't make a bitcoin-related announcement either.
Let's get this link off reddit. It's misleading for everyone who doesn't notice the date, and of no interest otherwise.  
@_date: 2014-07-24 21:10:30
THIS. Also, if a student takes a gaming laptop to class, they are probably doing it wrong. Game development classes are a slight exception, but I'm doing a CS master's and we don't need that kind of power for anything inside the classroom. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 03:48:51
This is not justice, this is a travesty. He helped the governnent and did more for them than they're worth, and far more than they deserved.
@_date: 2014-03-29 00:03:07
If you and your wife both sign up, it can match you together and confirm that you are soulmates!
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:39:15
A bit more detail please? When did the orders get cancelled? Immediately when placed, or a few days later?
@_date: 2014-07-24 13:14:31
I recently met some of OKCoin's leading employees at the Chicago conference. Bitcoin arbitrage and trade automation is my weekend job, so I know a decent amount about these exchanges, and I will be eager to call fouls the moment I see them - my business depends on the exchanges behaving honestly.
I have never seen a reason to doubt OKCoin's volume. Because their trade fees are 0, If I wanted to I could be personally responsible for a volume of 100,000 BTC per day, and it would only cost me a bit of programming time. They would gain nothing by inflating volume.
They also do not make trade bots to run on their own exchange. They know that their competency is at running an exchange, rather than running bots. If they tried to create such a bot, then theirs would encounter mine, and mine would beat theirs so they would lose money.
@_date: 2014-03-21 04:13:19
What are you talking about? Bitcoin is being perfectly stable, the only change is the extra 20 coins from each mined block.
Fiat has been jumping up and down like crazy though; I think there's something wrong with it.
@_date: 2014-04-14 05:13:38
I think you may be able to get some sort of address for btc-e from their wire transfer information - but that seems to be their bank's address. 
It would be best to submit a support ticket to btc-e requesting some sort of address that you can put down. They should have something equivalent to a PO Box at the very least.
For Mt. Gox, I would just put one of their last business addresses. It would be hard to decide between their real address for the prior year, or the one they switched to in their last week before filing bankruptcy.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:59:03
I would still use the email as evidence in court. And if you lost that much bitcoin, you should take the exchange to court. An email can be considered business communication and holds some legal weight, even if it's not a contract.
The exchange had the responsibility to hold our coins. I want to get a copy of the EULA/contract if I can, but that may be difficult now that the exchange is offline.
Also, for all the people saying that you must singlehandedly have the private key or be able to "hold" the coin: that's not true. First off, the coins can be considered intellectual property. We could argue that the blockchain holds the record of transfers of intellectual property and make a claim based on that. Second, you can easily have joint ownership of property and be legally the owner - this happens all the time with realestate when spouses purchase a house.
This is subject to laws, not the traditions in the bitcoin network.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:10:39
I want to find out the same thing. This can't have been building for years - its too big of a leak to have gone unplugged. Either Gox has been stealing customer funds for months/years, or there was a huge issue over the last month.
I want to know the addresses of Gox's wallets and see the transactions.  The recent events have put a lot of credibility behind the paranoid claims that Gox was stealing coins and selling on other exchanges. I want to know if that really happened, and we will be able to lock Mt. Gox management in jail if so.
@_date: 2014-04-16 01:02:52
How about Redoing The Unredoable?
@_date: 2014-04-19 13:11:10
You should have the same controls that the company uses for its cash and bank account assets. This is the advantage of having the trusted third party like a bank.
If I ran a large company with several million dollars of bitcoin, I would ensure that the independent auditors or law firm have a copy of at least part of the private key or some of the signatures for the multi-signature transactions. This is perfectly safe because, if those companies tried to run off with the money, it would be a massive scandal and they would lose their license - it would destroy their multi-billion dollar company if they tried to steal a few million dollars. There was a massive accounting firm named Arthur Andersen that lost it's license in 2002 because it did not conduct enough due diligence in its audit of Enron. The auditing firm could charge a small custodial fee for holding the private keys safely, but that is a small price compared to the security that it provides.
@_date: 2014-03-29 16:17:09
TL;DR: If a major wallet or payment system is up for it, we could introduce a standardized way of sending bitcoin using email addresses, phone numbers, or any other unique identity as the destination. It wouldn't take much work, would not involve any changes to the protocol, and some systems have a similar tool already.
If we built a way to pay directly to something that is absolutely unique to a single entity - like a phone number (with country code) or email address, we could solve this problem.
The cryptographic-y way to approach this is to build a simple lookup table that links the phone/email with the bitcoin address. We can't put this into the protocol itself, but we can use the protocol to build a system for this. If some of the major wallets want to allow users to publicly link their phone number or email to the address, then at account/address creation they can have the address send itself a minimal amount of bitcoin and put the phone/email in the OP_RETURN. The OP_Return is a short message attached to the transaction that anyone can read. All the wallets and payment systems could then read that information, and build their own tables. So, I could then tell my wallet to send bitcoin to someone's phone number, and my wallet can look up their address using the table that it built. It just requires that the receiver broadcast their phone number with their address.
There are simple ways that wallets can redirect funds so that a phone/email can be linked with a receiving address but not a "holding" address, so that people can't easily see your balance. But, everyone would be able to see your incoming transactions.
@_date: 2014-06-22 04:58:52
You are exactly right. There is a large group with a "fight the system" mentality, when in fact that system has done a lot of things right. Bitcoin should be an alternative payment system with unique and important features, and it will work best in conjunction with the existing system. Some of bitcoin's best features are easy micro payments, international payments, and the ability to deposit to any wallet (so, any intellectual property could have a posted license fee structure and deposit address, and it could be easily licensed out without involving lawyers every time). Using it for point-of-sale is a bit silly, though still useful.
I've never seen pilots get together and accuse boat companies of every crime under the sun. Instead, they recognize that's boats may be old-fashioned compared to airplanes, but they are both critical for global transport. It would be great if the bitcoin community could have similar enlightenment.
@_date: 2014-05-13 00:37:43
It would have been nice if Apple mentioned this at some point. 
@_date: 2014-12-02 00:50:18
It would be nice to have this, but the service could also be provided by the agent inside the office, and they will at least speak the local language.
@_date: 2014-05-05 23:02:24
I think this is a very clever way to gain publicity.
@_date: 2014-09-05 01:12:52
Is there any more detailed breakdown? Was the high set because orders were larger, or because there were more orders? Did the increase happen in only a few regions, or was it across the board?
That would be interesting information to have. But, chances are that the answers are the most mundane ones (such is usually the case).
@_date: 2014-03-05 04:37:24
That's a shame, but traditional entities will be slow to adopt new technologies.   Congratulations on being able to accept it in the first place, that is a big achievement, even if it needs to be taken down due to forces outside your control.
@_date: 2014-05-30 04:29:51
Is that real? Was it shown on TV, or just an internet promo?
Good background music.
@_date: 2014-06-22 05:24:56
That is a terroristic threat and organized crime, both of which lead directly to prison.
Things like this make me see the bad side of bitcoin, and the good side of the existing system.
Also, the person who received it should email an unread acted copy to the major online customer review sites, to let them know a set of bad reviews may be coming. If it's sent before the bad reviews are posted, it's clear that the merchant isn't fabricating a story to cover anything.
@_date: 2014-04-02 08:51:12
You don't determine the market value. The market determines the market value.  If you value a bitcoin at 1/3rd of a sandwich, then you'll be happy to give me a bitcoin for an entire sandwich. Deal?
@_date: 2014-11-06 15:58:20
Can you tip directly  through youtube? There's someone I want to send a sizable chunk of change to.
@_date: 2014-04-18 13:19:47
You mean like a Board of Directors, chosen by the shareholders? This is what all publicly traded companies have. Most are required to include independent directors, who are not employees of the company except for their role on the Board. Many of the best publicly traded companies have their boards consisting mostly of independent directors chosen be shareholders. 
The Board Of Directors has the job of hiring and firing senior management, as well as determining their salaries. The credibility of a new company is often helped by the credibility of the members of the board. And if a company commits fraud, in many cases the board can be held directly responsible (though it's very rare for legal action to be taken against them, as fraud in the company generally involves fraudulent reporting to the board as well).
This should be a no-brainer requirement for any company offering to be publicly traded, even if only in bitcoin on a single website.
@_date: 2014-04-13 03:21:56
Streaming bittorrent kinda exists. It can exist just as well as streaming video from a server. However, because the central idea behind p2p torrents requires users to stay online after they finish downloading, it hasn't really been implemented. It's better for the network to make each user wait longer for all the pieces, as that way they upload more.
@_date: 2014-05-10 04:00:16
Maybe we should do what Athens did - set membership terms of only 6 months or 1 year, and determine (based on rough guesses of who might be best and some decent background checks) what handful of people may be good candidates. Then we could strongly encourage those people to accept the seats they are nominated for, and rotate them out as the term ends. If anyone enjoys the position and wants to stay, and the community thinks they have done a decent job, then they can be in the candidate pool again. We'd need to nominate several people for each seat in order to have enough people accept, but it's not hard to find good people in the community.
@_date: 2014-04-07 01:46:00
This is a somewhat different situation. The Merkle tree hashes pairs of transactions, then hashes that pair with another pair, and then continues this process of combining 2 into 1 through all the transactions. However, if the number of transactions is not a multiple of two, then some odd transaction(s) will not be hashed the same number of times. It appears that the source code has a crude way of dealing with this.
I had assumed that some solution was found to any potential vulnerability in this - but the source code is quite long and I have reviewed only small portions of it.
@_date: 2014-04-19 14:24:37
As long as the pre-sale is very limited and it is clear that the funds are appropriate to support ethereum development, I will be very happy to participate. But, the majority of my purchases will likely be in the open market, as that is how I prefer to do business. Depending on how much money needs to be raised, it would be very useful for an independent accountant or auditor to sign off on the financial plan - and keep oversight of all the funds.
However, I hope that the ether kept by the development team are in amounts that are comparable to those of very early adopters. Please remember that developing a technology like this is not a get-rich-fast plan. It's a get-rich-slow process. The community will be happy to see the team benefit from their work, especially if it means that they will benefit even more from continuing and improving their work.
@_date: 2014-08-11 16:33:40
Yes, that is a good way to put it, if I understand the proposal correctly.
@_date: 2014-03-05 02:09:06
Banks are legally required, to some extent, to investigate transactions that look unusual, and I'll be the first to say that transactions to Coinbase probably look unusual. 
The first reason for them to investigate and call you is to ensure that you are knowingly making the transactions.  You may be amazed at the number of people who don't check their bank statements or balance, and their funds are gradually drained away.  In these cases, the bank is often left paying the bill, even if the transactions are over several months (consumers don't realize how much legal protection they actually get from this).  Also, after the bank has directly confirmed with you that you are making the transactions, it ensures that a month from now you can't claim identity theft and hold the bank responsible for thousands of dollars of 'unauthorized' transactions.   So, this really covers them financially, in addition to ensuring you're not a victim of identity theft.
The bank's systems may also be recognizing that an unfamiliar company named "coinbase" is suddenly receiving large amounts of money from many customers across the entire country, but the amounts vary hugely and there is no rhyme or reason to it. This may be a pattern that is more often seen with companies that are perpetrating illegal/unauthorized transactions. These transactions are ALL outside the normal method of debit and credit card payments, so that could raise a flag.  I can't remember what bank info I had to give Coinbase to make transactions, but if it was only the info available on a check, then a bank might legitimately be worried that someone at their check printing company or processing center may be keeping the info and stealing from customers.
There's lots of good business reasons to ask a question or two. 
Regarding the $10,000 per month, the only rule I know of is for single cash transactions of $10,000 or more. What I can say is that all cash transactions larger than $10,000 have to be reported through a pretty standard procedure (as there's a lot of them) called CTR - Currency Transaction Report.  It is also illegal to split a large transaction into smaller transactions for the sole purpose of avoiding the $10,000 reporting. Just to make clear: you can make whatever and however many transactions you want, this part of the law is just a "you can't trick us that easily" part to ensure that someone doesn't walk into a bank with $21,000 but fills out 3 deposit slips for $7,000 each because they want to stay under the limit.  When talking with the bank, it's probably best to avoid mentioning that you know a $10,000 rule, because it could be misinterpreted. A comment like "Why are you asking? I keep everything below the reporting limit" could require the bank to ask why you want to keep under a limit, even if there is no (to the best of my knowledge) monthly limit for electronic transactions. There is a separate Suspicious Activity Report that a bank may be required to fill out if you practically tell them you are up to something.
Banks ARE required by law to ask these types of questions, or else they can face fines or lose their banking license. They don't want to ask these questions, but it is a lot better than losing a banking license.
@_date: 2014-03-04 06:25:48
I believe 7/second is the estimated maximum of the current system. First, and most importantly, any transactions not processed in a block can be incorporated into the next block, so the system has flexibility. However, that flexibility will probably run out when we reach around 5 or 6 transactions per second. Because transactions rates are not constant, we need to have extra capacity to handle the variability.
Once the capacity is reached, the most straightforward solution is to increase the block size to accommodate more. The miners may not be very happy about it, but fees could also be paid more often to make up for it.
Another possibility is to have end-users run lightweight clients that are connected to much more powerful nodes. This would allow greater scalability, and the current system of super-powerful ASIC miners would help make this feasible.
Finally, the most common online wallets could be revised a bit to better combine transactions or handle transactions internally. Many (if not all) major exchanges process their transactions internally, and only post a transaction to the blockchain when coins are sent in or out of the exchange.
There are a number of other suggestions that would help alleviate any problem. We anticipate that we will have sufficient time to prepare for it when needed, so it could probably be put in the category of "good problems" that we will be happy to have.
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:35:13
Can I make reservations? The place will be packed.
@_date: 2014-05-02 00:48:30
So, a debit card then?
@_date: 2014-02-26 08:13:08
Agreed. This was a nice endorsement from a 3rd party that Coinbase is solvent and has all customer funds at this moment. 
What is really needed is either a mathematical/cryptographic way to verify deposits, or a major 3rd party auditing firm (like Ernst &amp; Young for example) to verify assets. The auditor would provide sufficient endorsement for me because the auditor puts their own reputation on the line, and they are worth a lot more than Coinbase.
@_date: 2014-04-16 02:36:00
I can't determine whether or not bitcoin would fit with their goal of "organizing the world's information". It allows for more open tracking of financial transactions, but also can make it harder to identify those transactions. For example, it would be easy to see that more coins are flowing into Overstock.com's account, but almost impossible to see where those coins are actually coming from.
@_date: 2014-04-21 05:36:19
Dear Moderators, Admins, Illuminati, the NSA, KGB, the Lizard People, Thetans, et. al.,
I'd like to continue enjoying Reddit, especially this sub. Thank you very much. 
In case you don't get it: [it's from XKCD](
@_date: 2014-03-27 03:27:20
I'm seeing both sides to this argument. Some contracts work best when easily visible to everyone in the world - bitcoin is running on that principle. DHT is still little known outside the community, so it would be more useful to include, for example, a website address where the terms of Counterparty's contract are posted in plaintext. The OP_Return would also need to include a hash of the contract to prove it is unaltered, as well as signatures to validate the potentially numerous parties involved.
Fitting all this in 40 bytes is possible, but there is less room for flexibility and human readability than with 80 bytes. A lot of the reduction can be done by resorting to cryptographic methods instead of human-readable text.
If you want me to prove the benefit of readable text over cryptographic methods, you can find my next paragraph with a short explanation at 7f92nf9A63pjar94 using public key f739PhU2JV87LoPF.  
@_date: 2014-08-15 00:33:04
It'll add up. Bitcoin is a fun way to invest, compared to the stock market and it's normal another-day-another-dollar activity in comparison.
@_date: 2014-05-13 00:09:47
TL;DR: In order to make bitcoin work really well, it must be used for remittances. But bitcoin is useuless for remittances until a company starts selling products in developing countries and accepts payment via bitcoin.
Long-winded version: Unfortunately, the single best use of bitcoin today is to make a transaction discrete and (mostly) anonymous. Cheap cross-border remittances are Bitcoin's big promise to the world, but Bitcoin is almost unheard of in most of the countries that remittances are sent to. The 1% to 2% savings compared to credit card fees is nice for merchants, but the vast majority will see few (if any) bitcoin customers, so it's not worth the effort.
To make remittances work, we need people in the receiving country who will buy the bitcoin back for a fair price. Currently that's not happening, and most proposals end up back at the same problem of having fiat in one country and the person in the other country.
The only way around this problem is for bitcoin users to make something that people in developing countries want to buy, and if we accept bitcoin for those products then the purchasers in the developing country will have an actual use for it. That would start a semblance of viability for bitcoin in those markets. For example, if all cellphones and monthly plans in developing countries could be paid for in bitcoin, THEN we would be in business - boy would we ever.
The next best option to use bitcoin is micropayments - this would help the entire newspaper and magazine industry, as their current options are to either post their content entirely for free, hide it behind a paywall for a subscription, or institute a more complicated "First article free"-type system.
Bitcoin is proving quite unwieldy for micropayments, as it is rather complicated, and some trojans/browser extensions have hijacked attempted bitcoin payments already. It is also too risky
@_date: 2014-09-23 18:00:33
He may face criminal charges after this. Bernie Madoff is currently in jail for a ponzi scheme too, so there is precedent. However, the charges may be very different because this guy didn't even try to do the legally required things for an investment fund. Madoff at least had some paperwork filled out for the regulators, even if the numbers on the paper were false.
@_date: 2014-08-31 02:02:49
Came here to say this.  Bitcoin exchanges and online don't have FDIC insurance, and they are impossible to hold accountable for any funds that they lose.
Should we all have private wallets? That's about as practical (and safe) as asking everyone to keep all their money under the mattress. The vast, vast majority of people will not have a sufficiently secured and backed-up wallet.
@_date: 2014-05-14 03:32:15
With that much bitcoin at stake, it would be worthwhile to brute force with whatever info you can get to limit the possibilities. 
Normally when I forget something, I only "mostly" forget it - I still remember a few of the things connected to that forgotten memory. Some dictionary/thesaurus work, along with memory mapping (like "New York" would be connected to "college" and "1990" if you went to NYU in 1990) might just find it. If you've kept a diary for a while, that could help establish some of the connections. Various companies have made algorithms that detect links in otherwise unrelated words when given enough source material - this has a lot of potential uses.
On the other hand, if you used some system to generate a random code and you created a memory phrase from that - yeah, that'll be a lot harder.
The biggest annoyance in this case is that an "almost correct" answer is still completely wrong. Also, the more you try to dig at that memory, the more you risk contaminating it with parts of more recent memories (memory is fuzzy and fluid like that).
@_date: 2014-12-01 23:05:40
Thanks for the spotting on the terminology. I've made a correction where necessary. 
I don't know how the criticism regarding the block fee fits in. That's a criticism of the bitcoin protocol itself, rather than the suggestion of using Western Union affiliate offices. The protocol was designed to pay the early miners more through block rewards than transaction fees anyway.
Also, Western Union doesn't need to accept bitcoin - their international affiliate offices can operate with a lot of independence. This idea depends on reaching out to those offices, and can avoid Western Union itself. 
In many countries, there are also countless completely independent currency conversion offices, and those would be a great way to establish BTC/cash conversions.
@_date: 2014-04-14 17:22:30
It works for me. Google uses different servers in different locations, and they don't roll out updates to all the servers at the same time.
My favorite knowledge graph was when you could type "how tall is batman?" and it would give you an answer, but that doesn't work anymore. It still works with celebrities though.
@_date: 2014-03-15 07:04:48
I'm not a certified financial advisor, but I do have a financial degree and a few years of financial experience behind this statement:
DO NOT MINE BITCOINS.
I will repeat: DO NOT MINE BITCOINS.
Mining is now a job that is profitable only for those who pay little or no electricity cost and/or those who are able to efficiently run very large operations.
The mining business is a "race to the bottom", which means it is a competition to squeeze every last penny in the vain hope of making a profit.  I would not advise mining any altcoin either. Litecoin difficulty is increasing so the reward will drop (not to mention the ASICS), and all other coins are so speculative that you'd likely end up with a pile of worthless crypto that no one else wants anymore.
Put the money in a stable traditional investment that is well managed with low fees.  You should do this because your father needs a stable steady income.
Edit:  Also, to answer one of your other questions, no that calculator is not accurate enough.  A better predictor would account for at least 1 year's worth of difficulty increases (at which point the mining hardware would probably become worthless) and also electricity cost.
@_date: 2014-08-28 21:45:49
But he's entitled to an explanation, and that's what he's been asking for.
Edit: also, having worked for a bank, I can tell you with absolute certainty that the bank can't "just decide" not to do business with a potential customer. There are extremely strict laws preventing arbitrary decisions, because such "it just didn't feel right" decisions often turn out to be racially discriminative.
@_date: 2014-03-21 02:11:47
I just visited the site, for 5 or 10 minutes, and here are my thoughts:
1: it is a very clever idea and could be very successful. I hope that it is, and that's why I am writing this much feedback for you.
2: I assume that each player can use a "move" (for lack of better term) by guessing a letter, and every player sees the phrase reveal at the same moment.
3: there is absolutely NO WAY for me to understand how much it costs to play a move, if there are actual moves. I'm only told a minimum deposit to start playing. **No explanation of the cost means that I wont play, it's that simple.** I don't know if the .001 minimum would be a bankroll, a single bet, or a fee to enter a game.
4: I don't know the actual rules of the game. Is it Wheel Of Fortune style, where you guess any letter and it's revealed if any word has it? Or do you have to guess the letter of a specific word or space? Do you make money for guessing a letter correctly, or lose money for guessing a letter wrong? Do you have an "I know the phrase" option so you can solve the incomplete word, or must you reveal it letter-by-letter even if you know it? Does play actually progress like Wheel Of Fortune, where players take turns and must wait for each other? If so, does the player get another turn if they guessed right?
5: How many other players are playing? Are we competing or cooperating? Is it winner-take-all, or does the 2nd to last person who guessed a correct letter also get a bit back?
6: For all I can tell, there may be no one guessing the letters at all. The game could be the slow revelation of the phrase by the system, and the winner is the first person to guess the entire phrase. I really can't tell.
You may think the answers are obvious, but they are not. Remember that you made the program, the customer did not, and the customer will move on quickly if they can't find a reason to play.
I do want to compliment you on the mystery and intrigue that you create for first time visitors. The animations and timing of the letter reveals are very nice (maybe the timing is a tad too slow), and it makes the user wonder what is happening. That will keep them watching longer. But, **once you have the visitor's attention hooked, you need to draw them into playing**.
From one programmer to another, I would like to give you this assignment: begin to draw the visitor into the actual playing mechanics sometime between 10 and 30 seconds after they first reach your website. You don't need to overload them, just start revealing more details. You could even have parts of the GUI (like a list of the current players, with a turn or guess indicator, which would be VERY useful if it is turn-based) fade in after 1 minute, and stay permanently after that.
I wish you the best, you have a good thing going, you just need to refine it a bit.
@_date: 2014-08-17 01:53:15
True. But, it does give China some leverage. They see that Russia has fewer potential trade partners, so China can negotiate a better deal for itself.
Anyway, the trade debates have only just started; the restrictions may vanish or strengthen over the next few months.
I would like to add that sanctions are ineffective at toppling the governments of most countries; they only work on the countries with more developed economies. The reason for this is that economics (well, really just money) is a source of power inside a country, and in a free economy any entity can get rich and use the wealth to help the political opposition. In a country with a sanctioned economy, this cannot happen, and instead the economic power becomes more concentrated under the government that is sanctioned. It actually gives that government more control over the economy, and prevents foreign companies from interfering.
Also, the trade restrictions on Cuba always confuse me, as Cuba is polite enough to host a US military base at Guantanamo Bay. If we have a military base on their island... doesn't that mean we won? Why do we still sanction them after we won? That's just a rhetorical question; sorry for dragging this off the topic.
@_date: 2014-05-03 13:26:10
That was 1 transaction. 1. 
1 transaction is very different from the 1000's of transactions that currently happen every day, or the million transactions that may happen every day in the future.
@_date: 2014-04-10 06:49:22
A depiction of the growth of the amount of code (the number of lines of code, basically) in the core program would be great.
If you can get the information, a depiction of the amount of money invested in bitcoin infrastructure - but not bitcoins themselves - would be great too. So, this would be the value of all mining equipment, exchange services, websites, payment providers, etc. Because bitcoin's "market capitalization" would plummet if even 1% of all coins were sold in a day, it's better to use the infrastructure value to show the increasing value of bitcoin.
The graph of the increased mining power is a definite aspect to include, and those values are easy to get. Similarly, a graph of the number of transactions per week would be good and easy too.
Finally, I'd suggest a count of the mentions in mainstream media, and maybe a breakdown of the source - TV news, general interest newspapers, special interest (geek) magazines/newspapers.
The price of a bitcoin, though important for investors and the people who have them, is irrelevant to the core technology and only slightly relevant to their daily use. If the price goes down while circulation goes up, the usefulness of the coins stays exactly equal.
@_date: 2014-07-07 02:16:45
That's the most important part of the article for Bitcoin. Credit card companies may pull out if the 0.3% rate is unprofitable (which I wouldn't doubt), so that would leave room for Bitcoin to step in as the only electronic payment system. Otherwise, the entire country may have no form of electronic payment at all.
@_date: 2014-12-16 20:04:34
And once again, Newsweek has fallen behind.
@_date: 2014-04-07 20:35:51
She found her 'neighbor" breaking into her house. In Florida. I thought that was an instant "shoot first, ask later" situation.
But other than that, whistleblowers generally get the very short end of the deal. It is surprising that the company (may) have hired groups of PI's to follow her, though. I thought that would have been illegal by now. Something along the lines of stalking, endangerment, and the Florida's special "my property felt threatened" laws should be preventing that.
@_date: 2014-11-11 13:32:32
Most real market effects take time and dont happen instantly. For your bucket analogy, it would be an almighty huge bucket and a very small lake. Willy was a significant portion of all market activity, and it only ever bought. So what happens when there are more buyers than sellers? The price goes up. It just goes up in a natural way - which means slow and gradual. Apparently in Bitcoin, a multi-fold increase over a few months isn't fast enough to be important.
Honestly, I wonder about this sub sometimes. These people are going to discover real life eventually, where an averaged gain of 10% per year would be considered great.
@_date: 2014-04-19 15:27:48
Nope, I've been to some of the better parts of South America where none of the ATM's worked with my debit card. Other people with the same bank and same card were able to use it perfectly well. Credit cards worked at stores, but the ATM's would not connect to my bank account. My bank was not preventing any transactions, there was just some problem somewhere in the systems.
@_date: 2014-05-03 13:01:14
THIS. Moto/Mot/Nak is great.
The only other option would be to name it in tribute to the SHA-256 algorithm. And let's face it, a currency unit of "Shat" is not desirable.
Special thanks to Satoshi for staying hidden. Normally things are not named after people until after their death, but Satoshi's hidden status makes this a moot point.
@_date: 2014-05-05 21:31:34
Very true, party lines and philosophies are extremely blurred and contradictory. 
I can point out cotradictions on both sides of the political isle. But in truth, reality is complicated and it's impossible to have opinions that don't contradict in some way. I wont name political subjects, as I don't want to sidetrack the debate.
Even though I dislike the nutjobs, we need them. In the same way that a guilty criminal should have a competent lawyer in court - it's the job of the defense lawyer to force the accuser to prove their case. So, the nutty political views force us reasonable people to make clear arguments and re-think. And sometimes, over many years, the nutcase opinion becomes the correct opinion because the world is constantly changing. The extremist views help keep a huge range of political beliefs in the public mind, and so a change in culture can be a gradual, simple shift rather than a revolution that has been brewing under the surface for years.
@_date: 2014-08-21 03:10:33
Yes, this can be a concern. But I believe that the accumulation of fees in the blocks (both from including more transactions, and the higher fee payments by users wanting priority in a slow system) would make it more profitable to mine, and partially balance it out.
There have been some proposals for a difficulty that constantly and gradually changes, for example based on the last 1000 blocks but with extra weight for the most recent blocks, but it hasn't caught on. 
@_date: 2014-12-16 13:53:17
In the meantime, they have a lot to sort out. I just hope they find a good way of forcing sellers to properly categorize their items, and prevent spam in the results listings. EBay itself has a lot of spam, largely from sellers with 100 listings of the same item, and they do little about it - you can't even blacklist sellers.
@_date: 2014-03-19 20:20:55
Actually, there is a better idea buried in there:
When/if we switch to milliBitcoins, we can use a lowercase "b" with the single horizontal line through the lower half.
That would emphasize the connection between the symbols, but still shows that they are very different, and the lowercase one is for smaller denominations.
@_date: 2014-12-02 00:52:54
When can we expect Coinbase debit cards that allow payment in either BTC or USD?
@_date: 2014-05-10 03:15:43
Thank you! Finally a sane post. I can't tell if a bunch of the other posts here are trolling or not. I thought at first that the thread topic was bait until I stopped for a minute.
From a "to be technically accurate" type of standpoint, Satoshi could certainly be an honorary member of the foundation - perhaps even recognized as one of the honorary founders. But the term "honorary" is important. On the other hand, one of Satoshi's last actions was to transfer all the copyrights from himself to the bitcoin working group IIRC, which could be considered one of the actions that helped build the foundation (or a precursor to it).
@_date: 2014-03-24 17:26:07
Is the June 2014 date the expected shipping date of the first batch of watches?
They look great, I'd love to get one. I'd be happy to get one even if it only told the time.
@_date: 2014-11-16 03:12:15
So... Why not just set up new forums on a different website? If there is enough money behind it, it could even be possible to replicate the current forum's entire history. It just requires that some good forum software is available for the new website.
The hardest part would be trying to ensure continuity of usernames. Maybe the best (or only) way of doing that would be to PM each account on the forums with a username and temporary password that they can use on the new forums. 
@_date: 2014-04-19 14:45:05
Don't worry about the money. Worry about the **time**. As a former and now returning college student, I can assure you that your time is the most valuable thing that you have. Budget your time reasonably, and follow that budget. The absolute best thing that you can do for yourself is get good grades. It depends a bit on your major (I'm going to assume you are studying something related to science, engineering, math, or business), the difference between a GPA of 2.9 and 3.1 is at least $10,000 per year in your first job after college, and it has a huge effect on your scholarship and financial aid while in college. The difference between a GPA of 2.5 and 3.5 is probably $50,000 per year, if not more.
By the way, the minute you get out of college, your success and confidence with girls will depend a lot on what you do for a living. I'm just sayin'
If you really want to keep some money in bitcoin, buy .1 btc over the summer. Coinbase has been pretty safe, but an offline wallet is always safest. Print out several copies of the private key and keep them in different places - burying one in the yard has been a popular option for some.
@_date: 2014-07-09 04:46:50
The important digit could be a digit of the block's hash. This proposed change wouldn't change the transactions at all - it is a simple conditional statement that depends on the result of the miner's hash. It's a fairly large change to the source code, but not nearly as much as the sidechains that are being experimented with.
The premise is that, once the block is solved, the fee is known. But before it is solved, the fee is not known. The entire system depends on everyone knowing where each satoshi is, and this system preserves that - those fees are allocated once the block is solved (and the current system allocates the fees once the block is solved too).
@_date: 2014-12-19 19:49:18
This is due entirely to the link with Russia's economy and weakening currency. It is a protective measure, and looks very temporary. Its just a quick patch to help get the currency through the recent turbulence without a massive selloff and depreciation.
But I expect to be down voted for pointing this out.
@_date: 2014-07-21 19:37:06
Many of us have a goal of using bitcoin as a fundamental part of our business model. Most torrent-related companies know they are doing something deeply connected to illegal activity, if not facilitating it outright. None of these companies are publicly traded, and few if any recieve venture capital. Most don't include a biography of their executives either.
I would like to be considered as legitimate as Paypal, Amazon, Scottrade, or any other established online company that deals with the financial sector. 
@_date: 2014-05-25 02:17:31
Can you please add a TL;DR bit near the top?
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:35:11
Exactly. I'm amazed the market stayed as high as it did. Much of bitcoin's value was fueled by the arbitrage that was done through Mt. Gox due to it's huge price premium. A lot of people were betting that Gox would recover and bought a lot of coin in there - and a lot of people probably had cash there that they thought was safe.
@_date: 2014-07-24 21:12:21
That scenario does make sense. But, in that case I would rather look for a  laptop that I could take apart - use the same screen, but have different bases. One would be light and portable, the other would be heavy and game-focused. That's as close as you can get to the best of both worlds.
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:43:07
Blocking NY residents is not enough. If you have a customer from any state who strays into NY and uses your service or app, you fall under the NY regulations. All non-US bitcoin companies will need to block all US customers to ensure that they dont break the proposed rules. The proposed laws extend far beyond NY jurisdiction - which isnt legally allowed, but they will be able to do it unless we stop them.
Further, you will need to ensure that here is no secondary market for your product, so any btc or altcoins fall under the regulation until every single program bans NY users - which isnt going to happen.
We need to use the established political process to fight this. There is no other way.
@_date: 2014-04-19 15:29:29
Well that's just cheating in favor of the banks. ;)
@_date: 2014-03-31 05:26:54
I was traveling through South America a few months ago. There was interest, especially because much of the economy remains cash-based and credit card fees are often too high for small businesses.  Also, some countries have difficulty getting their bank systems to communicate with US and European systems, so some travelers find that local ATM's wont work, even if the same card works at stores.   
@_date: 2014-06-04 09:51:06
That's one of the reasons that I built a system which can demonstrate that I do day trading. One part of the federal requirement is that trades need to be made nearly every day. Well I've had days with between 50 and 100 trades, so that box is checked.
On the other hand, I've refused to invest other people's money because I don't know the disclosure requirements. They and I would have benefited hugely if I didn't have this problem. It's enough to make me seriously consider changing nationality and moving to a different country - just for the ease and clarity of reporting.
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:26:42
Exactly. We are seeing one of the interesting pricing issues that happened during the old fashioned gold rushes: the price of gold around the rush is low because everyone there has some, but the price on the other side of the country is still high. That's one of the reasons it was more profitable to sell shovels than to mine, because the shovel maker got paid with low-price gold which he could sell for a high price elsewhere.
I need to order a T-shirt that says "This is actually a good thing."
@_date: 2014-04-09 01:20:32
That would be great. The US has had this policy for some investments for a while - particularly investments owned by minors. Rules like this always open loopholes for shenanigans, but those loopholes can be kept fairly small.
Here's an example of a loophole in an otherwise good tax idea: Some states created education savings accounts into which contributions are tax deductible, as long as the funds are spent on education. (the federal education savings account is not tax deductible, these are state ones). Everyone can support that. However, in some states, a few people with kids already in college would take $10,000 out of their normal college savings plan, put it into this special education savings account, and withdraw it the next day to pay the semester's tuition. They didn't use it as a savings account, they had money in it for only 1 day. They used it to reduce their taxes because they could now claim that money as tax-deductible. It's pretty obvious once you know this can be done, but few people thought of it beforehand.
@_date: 2014-02-26 03:17:11
I was thinking of doing exactly that.  Unfortunately, there isn't really any software that makes it easier - people have just told me to go to blockchain.info, but such a massive search would be impolite to their servers. Limiting the search period to a 1-month range would help a lot, as the entire chain is just too big for most computers.
You're right about searching for duplicate amounts and filtering false positives, that would be the best way to do it. It should be possible with a database and sorting algorithm. Since we average about 1 transaction per second, it can't be too hard.
@_date: 2014-05-25 02:11:35
Here's your solution: Start a long, rambling story detailing all the ways you spend money on mundane things. 
For the "What do you plan to do with the money?", I would start the answer with:
"I was thinking about buying groceries later today, I like to pay in cash because you never know what can happen with credit cards. You remember how Target got hacked? I don't want to deal with hackers. What happens if they steal your identity? ...wait for a response... Anyway, to answer your question, I usually just buy some milk, soft drinks, maybe some chicken or ham, fruits.. But not grapes at this time of year, because they are importing ones from South America, which just are not as good as the California grapes. I love California. Did you know that nearly a third of their grapes go to wine and raisin production? And don't get me started on the price of raisins! That's the only business in the nation allowed to operate a cartel....." And go on, and on, and on.
The show/podcast Planet Money had a report a while ago about the raisin cartel (yeah, it's real). Basically, if it really bothers you, ramble long enough for it to get a bit uncomfortable for them. If you stick to grocery store items, you probably can't get into a bad topic.
@_date: 2014-05-25 18:15:56
Sounds to me like a customer service rep was poorly informed and didn't really understand what they were telling you.
There has been one browser plugin that would hijack a transaction, but hats unrelated.
@_date: 2014-04-03 08:32:23
I've held off on buying a new iPhone, at least until they allow bitcoin wallets on the app store.
I like apple products. My phone and ipad integrate together perfectly and they back each other up. The ONLY problem I have with either is an issue with the calendar after updates, but that may be caused by the Google calendar they are connected to. The only annoyance I have is that I can only really sync the phone with one computer, which is a pain because I use both desktop and laptop (both PC)
I've avoided Android products, even though they are also good and often better value-for-money, for a few reasons. First, I don't want to adapt to a new system and go through the time of transferring everything. Second, I don't like Google's policy of connecting everything with everything and forcing you to provide your real name or email address for every service, and trying to force everyone to have a Google+ account (got a youtube channel? You have a Google+ account! What do you mean you don't want to have a youtube channel? We set yours up for you already, isn't that great?). Third, Apple is the absolute best at balancing components and utilizing them fully. I could write diatribes on this regarding laptops and the insane 'compromises' that windows laptops often have, but I'll spare you. Finally, Apple has a simple product line with simple(-ish) names. I don't have to deal with an HTC One/(M8)/max/mini/X/whatever other models they have - and don't get me started on this issue for laptops. Apple has, until the 5C, kept the same single product line and the only change was the introduction of the next generation. There's a reason that Sony sells the Playstation 4, and not the Playstation 4S X Evo Mini 9800GT Red Edition.
@_date: 2014-03-31 05:49:37
That is a good point, we need better adoption in bitcoin's existing foothold. But, bitcoin's big advantage is that it can be used efficiently anywhere with a cellphone signal, and developing countries tend to have better cellphone systems than banking systems.
@_date: 2014-03-13 05:48:18
tl;dr version: Bitcoin is just a great digital way to solve the old problem of transferring intangible/unmovable property.
The overall process of transferring coins is far older than these whitepapers, or even the internet. The basic concept is used for real estate transactions. In the US, every county recorder's office has a massive ledger of property transactions, which anyone can view. To over-simplify, it says "Adam gave property # 875562 to Bob", "Bob gave property # 875562 to Charlie", "Charlie gave property # 875562 to Dana"....
These records work because they are publicly available, even if they are inconvenient to actually find because the system is so old. Every member of society can look at the transaction chain and see that it is accurate.  If a society was willing to be completely inefficient and super-redundant, each member could have their own ledger and dispatch photocopies to the other ledgers after each update. Each transaction is signed by the buyer and seller to verify that both approved. Bitcoin just put the system online, gave everyone the ledger, requires everyone to use signatures that are very hard to forge, and occasionally gifts new property to the most diligent ledger-writers.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:25:12
You can't just sell 200k bitcoin for 100 million. It doesn't work like that. Maybe an investment entity could step in and offer 90 million for the entire 200k coins. But if sold on the open market, the value would plummet.
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:54:36
I was thinking the same thing, but we do have confirmation of at least one small double-send courtesy of meowrawr at    That might be a small transaction, but it shows that it was happening.   Also, Gox might not have lost that many coins - they may have only ruined their accounting, which amounts to the same thing in terms of solvency but may be very different for its creditors.
@_date: 2014-07-28 16:45:04
The African American community made it's greatest advances in the Civil Rights Movement, which largely used the rules of the established system to disrupt that system. Ill be the first to say that extremists willing to use violence (Black Panther, etc) also helped the movement, but they did it in ways that they didnt actually intend. Much of society saw those extremists and decided it was better to support the more moderate and peaceful movement, because that was a safe middle ground and would remove support from the extremists. The key fact is that the extreme fringe was just a fringe that threatened to grow - it was the scariest voice, but a rather distant one.
I assure you that I know history very well. There are two basic ways that societies change: either gracefully or radically. Graceful changes happen by working with the system and it happens all the time. Radical changes ONLY happen when the system is not allowed to change gracefully. In the radical changes, the desire to change builds up and is suppressed, but eventually reaches enough pressure that the entire suppressing system is overthrown and the country undergoes a revolution - which happen in Egypt and Libya over the last few years. The entire system is upturned, all of it. Voting, civil rights, public services (including fire departments, parks, everything), and often the legal structure that companies depend on is thrown in the air and the pieces fall where they may. In the US, so much value and benefit is tied to the existing system and no one in their right mind will put all of it at risk to fulfill a complaint about a small area of regulation. You cant have a radical change confined to one small area; if the system suppresses those changes, the entire system must be destroyed. "When the operations of the machine are so onerous, and make you so sick at heart... the machine must be prevented from working at all." (I cant find the source on mobile, but the quote is from probably the best 1-minute speech ever made and should be pretty easy to find)
We're not going to overthrow the entire US government because maybe 5% of the population wants to use Bitcoin. It just isn't going to happen. We didn't have a revolution when banks messed the economy up for everyone; if that doesn't do it, then Bitcoin and its few million users certainly can't.
@_date: 2014-06-01 17:38:37
That's why you don't let rookies use the big machine on their first day.
And we don't need to remind everyone that they can't all go to the same place at the same time. We don't want to repeat the lesson of the Titanic incident.
@_date: 2014-03-26 16:37:44
If that was allowed, then conceivably they could determine that the information is on the server. Getting the actual information from it, however, would be a different story. The return from the search function would need to be carefully designed.
@_date: 2014-09-07 17:20:03
This had me doubled over with laughter too.
@_date: 2014-03-25 21:39:50
That would have been good. The true storage place of all bitcoins really is the blockchain.   It would be tempting to say "Bitcoin has been ordained by Satoshi CyberChrist for the good of mankind. It is above this pettiness!"
@_date: 2014-08-21 02:17:42
It's a well thought out and well written letter. What worries me is that, even if the NYDFS does make changes, it may not open a new review period for comments on those changes. 
Also, the regulations are just downright bad and treat all companies that accept Bitcoin directly (not through Bitpay or Coinbase) like money transmitters, even if the business is a simple mom &amp; pop shop.
@_date: 2014-08-15 00:35:31
$1000 of Bitcoin is $1000 of Bitcoin, whether it's $1 per coin or $1000 per coin. Nowadays, Bitcoin has a stronger track record, more market participants, and actual industry involvement. It was riskier back then. 
Compare a stock like Berkshire Hathaway to penny stocks. Penny stocks are riskier.
@_date: 2014-08-20 13:04:02
Now that you rephrase it, yes you are right and it seems like 10k is arbitrary. 10k IS arbitrary. The only reason they have that limit is because they need to have a limit somewhere, and 10k is a nice round number but low enough that an already-rich person would probably need to pay tax if they use bitcoin to significantly increase their wealth. This follows the "dont charge a tax that costs more to charge than it brings in income" principle, by saying that bigger profiteers may be taxed but smaller ones won't. It's not worth catching the small fish, so let them swim around; just catch any already-big fish that get even bigger.
@_date: 2014-03-29 00:15:18
This could actually be important. A large bitcoin holder made a (probably) multi-million dollar purchase with bitcoin. If I read the article correctly, the transaction was entered last month and settled on Monday. The swap dealer needed to hedge their bet, so they would be either selling or shortselling bitcoins.
This could be a considerable component of the downward pressure since the Mt. Gox collapse. The market jumps/dives when there is a market order for a few thousand coins, and this transaction was almost certainly for several thousand coins. Even if spread out over the month, the pressure could influence the market.
@_date: 2014-03-16 19:08:41
I wonder where the customer fiat went too. For that to be missing, Gox would either need to lose it outright in a single event (a hack), or they were sending nonexistent money to the people who sold coins. Nonexistent coins are one thing, but nonexistent fiat is another. Fiat doesn't simply leave the exchange due to malleability errors.  If gox lost the fiat outright but over time, then there is a lot of illegal activity and insanely poor accounting.
And by "insanely poor acconting", I mean accounting so bad that users would not have consistent fiat balances or would not receive the correct amount from each sale.  It is impossible to have a system that bad which reports accurately and appears to work.
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:37:41
From the link: "(if) you have no internet access and then what is the value of your bitcoin?"
If I have no internet access, a lot of my fiat is worthless too. If no one has internet access, we are back to a cash economy, and hopefully the banks and fed are still able to process checks the old-fashioned way using mail.
At that apocalypse point, only a few things have value: preservable food, alcohol, ammunition, oil/gasoline, and basic construction materials are at the top of the list. Bicycles will also be pretty useful.
@_date: 2014-04-04 15:09:51
WOW. Especially this item:
Date: September 9, 2013
Amount: $300 Million*
Behavior: JPMorgan and insurer Assurant settled charges that it pushed customers into overpriced property insurance, which would reap kickbacks for JPMorgan in the form of commissions.
That should NOT have been a settlement. The government should have shut down Chase's entire mortgage department for pulling BS like that, and let the bank explain to shareholders why billions of dollars worth of corporate equity is now gone. I've worked in the mortgage business - my company followed the laws pretty strictly, and people were always answerable for their actions.
@_date: 2014-04-02 08:29:42
If I didn't have commitments on Tuesdays, I would be there in a heartbeat. I've been wanting to go to one for months.
@_date: 2014-06-30 07:00:11
I would assume that a FOI request would require them to reveal the price of the winning bids, especially if we don't care about the identities of the bidders. This information is relevant for the US taxpayer because it provides some of the funding for USMS and I can't imagine how they would justify keeping the final price secret.
Also, revelation of the final price can be used to help remove any foul play that can be involved in auctions. If the coins went for $200 each, for example, we could easily see that the price and/or bids were manipulated. If any bidders bid more than that but didn't win could, they could speak up and show that their bids were illegally excluded so that lower bids (by the friend of someone at USMS, for example) could buy cheaper.
I don't believe this has been a problem in the US. However, something similar was a big problem in Russia a few years back during land auctions IIRC - I think the government allowed bid submissions during a 15 minute window that they did not announce ahead of time, but did privately told one of Putin's friends when that window would be. There was only 1 bidder, go figure.
@_date: 2014-12-05 15:04:06
Yes, but it was a lot harder than expected to find a good set and filming location. Eventually, they decided that they had to film it on the moon to make it look right.
So, they went up and faked the moon landing from the moon. :)
@_date: 2014-04-18 01:13:27
For those who do not know, Foreign Policy is one of the best news sources in the business, along with The Economist. Their Passport blog, where this article is actually posted, is quite good as well. They are intellectual but not overbearing, and their articles are usually easy to read. 
That being said, I cannot understand why they repeatedly claim that the coins were stolen by hackers. I thought that there was little or no evidence that hackers got the coins?
@_date: 2014-11-07 20:06:21
You are now in the nicest place in the world. That's the best part in the best city.
I was only a little bit into Bitcoin, until I traveled to Medellin and happened to meet another bitcoiner there. After that (ill skip the long story), I started down a great new career path, in large part thanks to that experience and a greater interest in Bitcoin.
Part of me never left Medellin. There's a skateboard park near Poblado, on the way to the art museum that is an absolute must-visit. The park was heaven on earth. I'm a traveler at heart, but I could have spent lifes in that park with no regrets. Go there.
@_date: 2014-12-05 20:33:36
A few points. First, its easy to buy several hundred Bitcoin without the market budging, and an order of a thousand will barely move it if done over a day.
Second, in the time that it takes to participate in one of these auctions, an investor could easily buy 10,000 or more coins without affecting the market.
And finally, if you are buying coins as an investment, you do want the market value to go up. Any investor has no problem selling during a momentary spike of the market's frenzied reaction to buy back later.
If we go by the logic of buying bulk auctions to keep a price down, then the same investor would be buying coins at the lower market rate at the same time, as those cheaper coins would yield even more profit. There is no reason to buy a more expensive version of the same thing.
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:22:36
By "give me my password", do you mean "allow me to reset my password"? Because, if the site has any security system at all, they wont store your password - just a hashed or encrypted version of it. That's why most sites allow you to reset your password, rather than send it back to you.
If a site is willing to email your password to you, you should probably change that password to one that you won't use again, and then stop using the site. If they do this, it means they store it in plaintext and any hacker can read it very, very easily.
Simply "deleting" an account doesn't really happen in most cases. They are marked as inactive and locked. That's why you should change your password before closing the account. Deleting an account can wreck havoc on database structures and records (if you made any trades, that memory is also stored in the other person's account too), so it doesn't really happen.
@_date: 2014-02-26 05:35:20
Thanks meowrawr, that looks like a case of Gox double-sending, and helps explain that they were losing money this way. Gox might have had some deals with mining pools, which would be useful to both because otherwise coins minted from a new block cannot be confirmed until they receive 100 confirmations. (last paragraph at 
    
So if Gox's deal was that the newly mined coins could be added to an account before 100 confirmations, or Gox was just lax and allowed it, then Gox could also try to spend them before the rest of the nodes would confirm it. This was a known issue with Gox that they were warned about long ago. And, this is how a lot of coins apparently left: the transactions with the fresh coins are valid transactions, but the network will not confirm it until more blocks are mined, so they are confirmed eventually. Since Gox re-sent automatically, it probably tried to re-send with different coins, which makes it a different transaction and so both are confirmed by the network.
@_date: 2014-08-20 12:41:45
I just read through the proposals, and I think the exact opposite. If it's used as a payment system for businesses, then the tax treatment tries to make it taxable as similarly as possible to using traditional currency. That's fair enough; businesses should pay their taxes, even if there's an extra calculation needed for bitcoin.
But for consumers, it's GREAT! As long as transactions are less than $10,000 (I oversimplify a bit), the consumer doesn't need to calculate their profit from the bitcoin. This saves all the hassle that the US system causes. 
There's even more benefit for the consumer. Technically losses of value of bitcoin can't be subtracted from other investment income if the bitcoin was intended to be spent. But, the government can't tell what was investment-use and what was transaction-use. So, if you bought at $1000 and are kicking yourself, just claim it was an investment and subtract the loss from other investments. If you bought at $300, just hold on and spend it like Bitcoin has always been intended to be spent, and you won't pay income tax on it. This is huge for consumers.
@_date: 2014-11-30 05:05:59
Tor the 100th time, Tor can provide anonymity but it does NOT provide security. This is another proof of it, but the online community has not been properly informed and thinks that it provides complete protection from everything. 
Tor may be used for security as part of a larger system (which would provide the same security without the For component), but the only 'security' it provides is protection from law enforcement via anonymity - this is very different from online security.
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:35:19
THIS. People complain about pre-mining of altcoins, Ripple has something very similar where the company controls a huge portion. I've read their material several times and still can't understand how it's supposed to work.
@_date: 2014-06-17 03:07:07
There is a simple solution, but I doubt anyone would like it: have a very tiny amount of tax from each block go to a collective fund (if there is a way to community-manage it, great, if not, then BTC Foundation may suffice). When any mining group approaches 50%, send a little bit from the collective fund to the miner of any new block who are not part of the big group.
This will increase profitability for all other groups, and thus miners will have reasons to move to those groups.
Implementing this idea may be impossible, though.
@_date: 2014-07-30 16:06:06
I know some of the larger-but-nkt-biggest exchanges are going through VC money at a surprisingly slow rate and their investors want them to spend more and faster. They are doing great work with the amount already spent.
@_date: 2014-04-04 15:38:09
Well said, same here. I wont ask for investment until I can do 2 things: 1: Show that the product is ready for use (or show that it will be ready for use if specific things are accomplished), and 2: demonstrate that the current version of the product works in the real world.
@_date: 2014-04-09 21:29:52
The name and symbol are serious business. A task as simple as a google search requires that a uniform, widely understood name is used - both for the user to input and Google to find and sort the results. Even fiat currencies have problems with this, and there are occasional mix-ups with US currency because we have both dollars and cents symbols. 
My 2 millibits are for the BTC symbol. I believe BT is mostly just the web domain for Bhutan, and they use BTN for their currency symbol. A few other entities use the acronym BTC, but they are small and very distinct, so that is fine. Acronyms can be shared, it happens all the time. It's a bit easier to pronounce BTC than XBT, and BTC avoids the "we use X because it's modern and cool" sense (Xbox, SpaceX, X-games, X-Factor, etc), so it appeals to the more traditional mindset that people hold for money. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 03:18:52
If Facebook and LinkedIn threatened to blacklist the profiles of everyone working at the FCC, that may have a very quick effect. I would love if Netflix found all their customers who are FCC employees and gave them special low-quality streaming at 240p.
@_date: 2014-04-10 05:32:49
It's good to see that Huobi has taken the very obvious step of using many banks. That, at the very least, gives them time to get things in order if a China-wise shutdown does happen.
What's next? Hong Kong? Singapore? Would the secretive Swiss banks be up for involvement with a bitcoin company?
@_date: 2014-04-17 20:14:35
Yes I agree that the network doesn't care which is first or second because only one gets through. However, this process would make it extremely difficult (if not impossible) to generate the second transaction more than a few seconds after the first. The idea is to allow merchants to accept unconfirmed transactions with less risk. Thanks for the feedback, I am editing my post to say this more clearly.
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:45:13
Your insurance company should reimburse you for the cost of everythig lost - including the bitcoin, it should be treated just like cash unless your policy specifically excluded it. Try to get the record of transactions where you sold the 71 BTC. If you used a company like Coinbase, they should be able to help backtrack through the blockchain to show that some coins from your 600+ wallet went to your coinbase account and then were converted to your bank account. If you did antransaction with someone in person, contact them, tell them what happened, and ask them to help you find the transaction from your wallet to theirs. You could prove that those are your wallets by presenting bank statements showing either a check written between you two, or large withdrawals and deposits at that time. There are a number of ways to reconstruct the history and get your money back in one form or another.
Also, buy a hidden camera to watch your front door. If the stuff was stolen by a neighbor, chances are actually decent enough that they still have a lot of the stuff and havn't destroyed the data. If the neighbor is a ross the hall, maybe put a camera over your door's peephole so you can see if they wander back into their apartment carrying someone elses computer or safe.
@_date: 2014-04-18 13:00:18
Thank you. Both to you and to the Japanese police.
@_date: 2014-11-11 17:52:36
Wow. Troll much?
Also, who in the world upvoted that comment? Its at +5, and it's at best an uninformed insult from someone who didn't even skim the link.
@_date: 2014-03-27 02:36:16
That is so very clever. Brilliant minds created this stuff, which is probably why so few people take the time and effort to learn it.
@_date: 2014-05-03 12:55:19
I do not see any real need for us to move 6 decimal places instead of 3. A maximum value of 1 milliBit = $10 will still be acceptable for almost all transactions, because people are accustomed to using two decimal places after dollars and euros. That is $10,000 per bitcoin. The market cap at hat value is $100 billion.
If we go to the microbit, we will only reach 1 microbit = 1 USD when the market cap hits $100 TRILLION. That is roughly the entire global economy.
If you visit a country with a low-value currency unit like Columbia, where 1 USD is worth 2000 pesos, you quickly realize how annoying it is to count all the 0's for anything costing more than $10 US. This isn't too bad for in-person purchases because you just guess at the order of magnitude. But with online purchases, you must be VERY careful and count the 0's at every step of the transaction to ensure it has not changed. If this happens with bitcoin, there will be no way to reverse the charge if an evil merchant increases the price 10-fold in the last step before purchase and the user does not notice.
@_date: 2014-08-18 16:41:29
It's a LOT harder to arbitrage Bitcoin than most people realize. The required capital is huge, and because it's on bitcoin exchanges the risks are huge because an exchange could run off with the funds. If an exchange (like Gox) is risky, a good arbitrager can't simply stop using it. Arbitrage is the process of using that risk and price difference to make a profit - the Gox risk was what arbitrage was made for.
There's effectively no form of derivative contract for Bitcoin, so if anyone wants to reduce their price risk, they must put even more capital at risk to shortsell. 
I'm one of the people doing arbitrage, and it isn't easy money by any stretch of the imagination. 
@_date: 2014-04-12 17:40:10
First off, it's not the IRS that is collecting the money, it's the Social Security Administration. Second, there are some legal complications because the "debt" is actually a return of previous overpayments. Third, the money actually was paid out to the wife and children, and not to the husband/father who was dead at the time it was paid - though certainly the wife was the one who received the money.
This is why that 10-year limit existed. The first problem is that someone writing the farm law thought it was a good idea to remove that limit (which was probably done to make the finances balance so the bill could pass). The second problem is that the Social Security Administration is actually collecting on these old debts because their bureaucratic system says that they now need to collect these old debts.
Sometimes the problem with governments is that no one in the right position says "this is stupid, we shouldn't do it". We are facing a similar situation with the sale of the national helium reserve, which is being sold at bargain-basement prices because no one knows who has the authority to raise the price or stop the insane sales.
@_date: 2014-08-25 07:41:01
I've wondered that too. Without good records from Gox, it will be almost impossible to find out. We need to have ways to trace coins in and out, so we need to know which wallets belonged to Gox.
@_date: 2014-04-16 01:39:23
Yep. They were sending out immature coins, which are valid and will be confirmed eventually, but Gox was seeing the transaction fail to get trough and (apparently) sending another transaction with different coins. All are valid and get confirmed.  Lechango, how long was it between making the first Gox transaction and the casino account? Immature coins need about 100 confirmations to mature.  This is the largest case of this I have heard of.
@_date: 2014-03-28 03:51:56
I thought Hong Kong was within China's jurisdiction now?
If we (incorrectly) generalize an "Asian market", then Singapore, Malaysia, or Indonesia could enter the scene. Also, the scant news I have heard from South Korea indicates that Bitcoin may be well received there.
@_date: 2014-03-24 23:29:55
The paper's **second** claim is a real concern and may be correct: it does not take 50% of mining power to dominate the blockchain, it can be done with much less. The vulnerability is an exploit of the time that it takes for blocks to spread across the network and the time required for each block. The node that completes a block (let's call it block 100a) is the first to start mining the next one (block 101a). But, if it doesn't send that block out, then all the other nodes will continue mining for another block (lets call it block 100b). On average, it will take several additional minutes to find block 100b (both due to probability and the loss of a powerful mining node), during which time the rogue node can make good headway on finding block 101a. If this rogue node gets a 3.3 minute head start before block 100b is found, then it needs only 33% of the network mining power to be likely to find block 101 before the rest of the network does. Thus, even with only 33% mining power, he will have more than a 50% chance of getting the next block. If he detects block 100b is found, he can send out his 100a and get a portion of the network to accept it, and now those nodes will help him find 101a - which would also put 100a in the blockchain and kick out 100b.
This is a real, potential problem that can be exploited today. It's a way to magnify your mining power. The exploit isn't the possibility of double-spends (though that would be possible), instead the exploit is a manipulation of the network by a rouge node. GHash.IO could start doing this today, and it would benefit them.
We can ignore the first claim, that mining will decrease as the reward decreases, because we know that already and can prepare for it.
EDIT: this is actually a known vulnerability, called Selfish Mining. 
The research paper apparently was released months ago. This is why it's really, really annoying when journalists don't link to the actual paper they are talking about or provide any details about it's publication.
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:42:41
If the evidence doesn't exist anymore, then there is no evidence. Convictions cant happen without evidence.
@_date: 2014-11-07 06:15:56
Arresting a software development group is extremely hard to do just on legal grounds, much less practical ones
 In court they can easily say they ass just making a competitor to ebay. As long as illegal stuff isn't the obvious main (or only) use of the software, they are fine.
@_date: 2014-12-18 21:18:28
They are moving in a better direction.
Ideally, they should add language stating that intermediaries (like online wallets and nodes) won't be held responsible for fraud committed by any customers - list like ISPs cannot be legally liable for piracy (though they can still be sued in civil court).
But otherwise, some form of identification of the executives of major wallets and exchanges is a good thing. It may discourage people who want to build a platform anonymously, but there have been too many scams already, and VERY few people have the technical knowledge to verify any claims by a wallet that it does not copy private keys. No user is going to spend days reading source code just to verify if a wallet is safe.
@_date: 2014-03-27 02:37:57
They should return it if they cannot find any connection to a crime, or if the crime is relatively trivial and not worth holding $5,000,000 over.
@_date: 2014-04-04 07:13:55
If you are in their footprint, maybe give Fifth Third a try. They haven't said a word about a bunch of transfers I've made with coinbase, though I had some extra status with the bank that customers generally don't have.
@_date: 2014-05-25 01:54:07
Having worked in the banking industry, I can tell you that this operation will probably not hold up if challenged in court. The only problem is that someone actually has to challenge it, which means that they probably need to show they are a victim of it.
Banks have incredibly strict anti-discrimination regulations when it comes to consumer banking and the customer's ethnicity. And by incredibly strict, I mean there are at least three separate layers of regulations and requirements - an impressive amount of redundancy and inefficiency, even by government standards.
In court, the plaintiff would only need to show that restrictions against the adult film industry are disproportionately harmful to women, for example, and the entire operation will be deemed illegal. That's probably an easy thing to prove. Similarly, if there is any business in the list that is owned or operated by a disproportionately high number of ethnic minorities, the operation has to stop. 
If the operation isn't stopped after such a court ruling, then the banks themselves are subject to fines.
The first step in the process is for business owners to start filing complaints if they think they are unfairly denied any banking product. When those accumulate, the banks start to get nervous. No bank wants to adopt the moniker "the racist bank".
@_date: 2014-07-27 01:35:11
I believe that computer code is protected as freedom of speech in the same way that newspaper articles and literature are, thank [insert deity of choice].
Use of that computer code, however, is a different issue.
@_date: 2014-06-17 02:56:10
I doubt it, even if it would be nice if true. Banks tend to be traditional businesses, and focus on the business they know best. Bitcoin is a very tiny fish in a very big ocean. Bitcoin may be a very colorful and vibrant tiny fish, but it's a tiny fish nonetheless.
Most banks also don't have ninja programming teams. They outsource most of that, develop it slowly, and follow slow business processes for software development. A-list programmers get out of this environment pretty quickly.
@_date: 2014-04-13 13:42:39
According to a source: "BTC-e is currently investing coin for us. They could not stand how much we sucked at it."
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:24:15
What IS Neo &amp; Bee? I just hear that it's a bitcoin "thing", but nothing about what the company actually is or does.
@_date: 2014-07-17 02:51:12
The value doesn't need to be long-term. For many loans the proof of assets is required only to verify that the borrower had enough money to pay closing costs and the down payment. People have tried to use prior loans as assets for a future loan, and that's not allowed.
Assets are not nearly as important for a loan as income or credit score. Loans can be closed even if the borrower has almost no assets at all - a few hundred dollars in a checking account can be enough if the processor and underwriter set up the loan for this.
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:38:04
Pshh, it's $1500 that you can gain back. Try losing a few thousand to Gox.
Aaaand its gone.
@_date: 2014-11-07 06:21:34
As a finance guy, I disagree with that assessment. Willy gradually pushed the price upwards. In the macro sense, his effect on the market will be the same whether he buys every ten minutes, or saves up and makes a single huge buy once per week. Its the same amount of artificial demand. Maybe it doesn't cause momentary rallies, but we are talking about a 3-month period here, so market fundamentals are in play. 
@_date: 2014-08-26 00:00:05
I think that you took the term "one-time pad" slightly too literally. In modern times, we usually don't have an actual pad or sheet...
I don't think this could have any practical uses other than as a 1-time-use thing, but it's a cool demonstration of QR codes and some of the basic concepts of cryptography.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:10:50
Number 3 is indeed a good and useful suggestion. There have been several proposals put forth (I think nullc wrote a clever one in particular) that would allow the reserve amount to be published and verifiable without revealing too much about individual accounts.
I would like the exchange to give me direct control over my wallet so that, if the exchange ever went down, I could still make transactions with the traditional wallet software.
@_date: 2014-04-02 08:43:35
A lot of those are there because of some incorrect keywords, it seems.  If you go to page 5 or later, the listings stop mentioning bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-21 02:19:35
I've developed a procedure of having a cold wallet and a "room temperature" wallet. I'm working on some additional ideas that will take more programming to implement.
One idea is to have pre-made transactions from the cold wallet to an empty but otherwise hot wallet (this is the "room temperature" wallet), but not send them to the network. When needed, I will be able to broadcast them to fund the wallet at any time. So, my hot wallet can stay empty and my cold wallet can stay cold.
I've been thinking of putting backups in a safety deposit box, but I don't want to pay that much for it. I've also considered a brain wallet, but there are challenges picking a good password for that.
If you have $20,000 or more in bitcoin, it's probably worth keeping a copy of the wallet in a safety deposit box. Document (in a conventional way) the assets on that wallet, and your home insurance policy could take care of losses, but you would need to prove those losses - hard to do without the private key. The bitcoin protocol may be strong, but private keys are so very, very fragile.
@_date: 2014-02-27 07:45:46
Thanks. I just downloaded the podcast and will be listening to it tonight and tomorrow.
@_date: 2014-04-22 05:31:19
I don't think Satoshi signed many of his posts - if any. Certainly not the forum posts during development of the sourcecode. According to the website administrators, the login came from the same source as the original account (or something along those lines). If someone hacked Satoshi's account and bothered to post, they would not have made only a single incredibly short post. That would be like robbing a bank, but only taking $5. I believe Satoshi's account on other websites may be in some kind of lockdown.
But, it's safe enough to assume it was Satoshi. Consider the possibilities: if it was Satoshi, then he was being a nice guy and getting the media off a completely unrelated person. If it was not actually Satoshi, then someone hacked one of his accounts (and who knows what else they would have hacked with it), and they are poised to wreck whatever media havoc on the bitcoin community that they desire. Or, if the second login was not Satoshi but the hacker never uses Satoshi's accounts again - what difference would that make? Either the real Satoshi made 1 post, or a fake Satoshi made 1 post, and the end result of both those possibilities are exactly the same. The only other possibility that would matter is the nefarious hacker option, and if that is the case then we would soon find out when they start posting more. Until that happens, we can say it was Satoshi.
@_date: 2014-03-03 09:53:44
Exactly.  There's not much that people can do, other than check their credit reports a measly once per year, and make sure they check their bank/credit statements.   A leak from all the stupid KYC verification was bound to happen, and it has all the info to SEVERELY f*** up the financials for individuals and institutions.   Individuals are not liable for things they didn't purchase, but it's still a pain to go through and say you didn't purchase things, and contesting things on credit reports can be a huge hassle.  Contesting things is one of those cases where the reporting agency says "send it to our contact info posted elsewhere" and never posts that info elsewhere, if I remember correctly from when I tried about a year ago.
A leak from something as large as Gox can easily be responsible for hundreds of millions of dollars of damage to the traditional financial system.  THAT could cause huge pressure against bitcoin businesses, because it's the irresponsibility of this exchange that has directly damaged the traditional system.  
@_date: 2014-05-30 15:19:32
This is one of the reasons that I greatly dislike Google's attempts to link all the different accounts that a user may have. A single compromised account will be spread across all those services, and any vulnerabilities across all those services can be combined.
Also, this gives me a new security idea. What if you used a private key to generate a 1-time password for any site you want to log into? That password could then be authenticated by whatever central service (Google, in this case), even if the central service doesn't know your private key - they just verify that it has your digital signature. That password can then be added to a list of old passwords that can never be used again. If the password is generated by using a timestamp (and maybe with a salt), the service would only need to record the last password used and ensure that the new password uses a higher timestamp value.   I think that many bitcoin-related programs use a system like this already.
@_date: 2014-04-02 15:12:28
I won't be able to watch it live, unfortunately. Is the live stream also recorded? And where can I find it?
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:30:32
Is there a Dogecar-focused edit of the race? It would be great if we could get a version that only included the important parts and the segments including Josh's car.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:20:52
It would be brilliant if the charges against Charlie could be dropped and the prosecution could be focused on Karpeles for fraud instead. The community would not be upset if Mark became the pariah.
@_date: 2014-03-25 04:48:57
There is some demand for auditing. But, the community being what it is, the system must be self-governing and voluntary. And so it will be voluntary up until the point when it isn't, because all the trusted companies are part of the system and the only reason a company would be outside the system is if they are cheating or incompetent.
We'll figure it out at some point. Part of the problem is that we need an entity trusted and/or wealthy enough to audit/insure exchanges. And then we need the exchanges to be trusted enough for the insurance to be cheap. The efforts to verify balances by forming accounts into a merkle tree helps create trust in the exchanges, so that will help make headway into the solution. There's a few exchanges or wallets that could probably get insurance from a traditional insurance company, but it would be expensive.
(The irony in self-governing systems is that, if it is successful, there will be no entities which choose to be outside that system. And because everyone agrees on the self-governing system, it becomes an actual government. Just don't tell the libertarians that, because they will argue forever.)
@_date: 2014-05-25 22:13:40
My impression was that the coins were stolen several years ago, and Mark has been trying to make them back ever since. Unless we have the bitcoin transaction records from Gox (and not just the internal BTC/fiat transactions), it may be hard or impossible to trace it to the blockchain.
But, it does look like there could have been a theft that went unreported for a very long time, which explains why Mark was always saying it was theft but not filing any official theft claims. A review of his statements will show that Karpeles avoids lying (even when confronted outside the office, he declined to say that he knew where the coins were or that Gox was solvent). He seems to be well-intentioned but incompetent for the job he had to do, and couldn't dig himself out of the problem.
On the other hand, what would have happened to bitcoin if Mark announced that there was yet another massive theft in those early days, and this time on the biggest exchange? The entire bitcoin experiment may have ended.
@_date: 2014-04-09 22:38:17
It would be nice to have a dual purpose card that would pay by bitcoin if possible, and then traditional systems if bitcoin is not possible. The innovation would need to be on the card side, as visa and mastercard will not update their scanners for bitcoin any time soon. 
If there was an intermediate payment processor, rather than visa or mastercard, they could launch "dual" accounts for both merchants and users. If a user with a dual account swipes their card at a merchant with a dual account, the processor could recognize that and send the payment via bitcoin rather than the normal credit card system. This wouldn't require any change to the card or scanner.
Do intermediate payment processors for major card companies exist? Or are all swipes handled directly by the big companies?
@_date: 2014-11-03 21:35:01
I'm a professional programmer and can pull fully productive 10+ hour days, and I love the days when I do that.
HOWEVER, that requires a lot of backgroung thought and a great night's sleep for a few days in a row. Also, my entire post-college career has been full time work + graduate school classes, so my brain doesn't slow down until 8 or 9 pm, even though I start at 8 AM, and I can stretch to midnight if I really, really need to.
That's pretty much optimal work efficiency for me. It requires a lot of planning and coordination without undesired distractions or stresses.
I Reddit while I compile and run tests. That time counts as productive :)
@_date: 2014-07-29 00:02:43
This is great news!
I have a bit of a beef with the app stire though. They allow blatant knock-offs of existing apps, often with very similar names. An app called Three! is pretty much just 2048 but uses 3 instead of 2. Then there's many knockoffs of Piano Tiles. And then there's the Candy Crush Saga saga of that company trying to remove earlier apps and claim effective ownership of the classic game Bejeweled.
As an independent developer, Id rather not develop an app because ill have a few months at most before any of my good ideas are copied. With all the suing that Apple does over any product that slightly resembles an iphone, you'd expect them to offer some copyright protection for their app developers (and this does fall under copyright rather than patent - its more a case of plagarising code than outright copying it).
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:26:06
It's hard to believe this has happened. 
But where have all the coins gone??!  I want Gox to completely open their books so we can see their wallet numbers and figure out what happened. If there was a huge surge of coins leaving in the week before they stopped trades, then we know it's theft by someone else and we can (hopefully) trace them down. But if they slowly leaked coins for years, then there is no hope of getting the coins back.
@_date: 2014-04-12 17:50:57
Here's the problem with the article: "two people familiar with the matter said." at the end of the first paragraph. 
The entire premise of the article is based on claims from two unnamed people, and I cannot see any other cited sources claiming that the NSA was aware of it. There is no statement that these sources are NSA employees, contractors, security experts, or anything else that would give them a bit of credibility. This is why Edward Snowden produced documents, rather than just making claims.
A half-decent way to check the accuracy of the claim is to see if the NSA's systems are/were also vulnerable to the bug.
@_date: 2014-05-10 03:27:48
Even though Google may be loaded with money, it doesn't have enough to roll fiberoptic across the entire US. Their move were to shame existing ISP's into increasing bandwidth by showing how fast and cheap internet service should be. But, because internet access depends entirely on geography, it has not really had an effect outside of those cities. I suppose that it had an effect on the real estate market, though - I would be willing to pay thousands of dollars more for a house connected to Google Fiber than for one with an outdated overpriced traditional connection.
The real solution is proper competition within cities. Many cities have only one major internet provider. In my city, there's the local phone company and Time Warner - that's all. Anyone who wants service faster than a DSL line must use Time Warner.
The only solution on the horizon to break the cellphone dual-(or quad)-opoly may be through wifi. Cell phone towers are expensive, and building them nationwide is monstrously expensive. A ubiquitous mesh of free (or free-ish) public wifi would move traffic off the cell networks, at least when people are in the areas where they make most of their calls. Cell towers will still be needed outside urban areas, but at least we can move a lot of calls off of those towers.
@_date: 2014-03-13 05:10:08
The option with the lowest fees may be CampBX, as you can deposit via USPS money order. I have not deposited through them, but I have bought, sold, and transferred coins through them. You should go through the KYC and verification first if you choose this option. Their fees to purchase coins are .55%, which is better than Coinbase but still higher than I would like.
Coinbase is the best choice, unless you can send money to bitstamp via international wire cheaply. Bitstamp still has a $15 fee on their side, I believe.
Otherwise, localbitcoins.com is an option, but that could cost even more and there are extra risks with that service.
@_date: 2014-03-06 15:39:57
I think the community may be best off doing this, it kind of reminds me of V For Vendetta.  Everyone claim to be the person.  If it was possible to coordinate with some of the oldest members who may somehow have untouched accounts from the early days of easy mining, we could at least have people say "and I'll prove it by moving some of the oldest bitcoins in the chain in 1 hour."    Considering that 400k of mined coins was moved for the first time a few days/weeks ago, there may be quite a few accounts like that.
Of course, we could just say that only the REAL Satoshi can move the coins in the genesis block.  :)    For those that know the code, this will protect his identity forever.
@_date: 2014-06-25 03:14:50
You should actually look up the charges and the evidence and Charlie's history of working with the US government.
Why can't you be decently respectful when talking with other people? Do you always act like this?
@_date: 2014-03-04 23:08:20
If Russia tried this, I think that the average financial enthusiast in the US might notice the effect.
If Russia wanted to do harm, their best way is to stop all oil exports.  I don't think the US uses any Russian oil, but it would cause other countries to try to buy the oil that the US does use - thus creating a supply crisis and raising the price.  However, Russia's export industry would be ruined if they did this for more than a few weeks, and it would probably set the country back by 2 or 3 years economically. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 16:11:23
I have said this many times: Tor DOES NOT provide security. It provides anonymity. If you use Tor over a public wifi, all your traffic still goes through that one router and is just as easy to intercept. Tor creates other possible interception points too, making it more risky.
So, for anyone reading this, know that Tor does not provide security. It provides anonymity.
@_date: 2014-04-18 21:16:23
That's called "the market". That's what happens. The market has 3 options: increase, stay the same, or decrease. It can only pick between the three.
So a decrease, then an increase, and then a steady price is not a conspiracy. That's just one of the ways it can work.
Or is it? How do you know I'm not part of the conspiracy? Someone involved in the conspiracy probably wouldn't ask you that. But on the other hand, maybe that is an elaborate double-bluff designed to keep readers at ease. How would I know that you know that I know that you know that I may be part of the conspiracy?
@_date: 2014-03-21 04:18:42
There was a time when Gox could buy really cheap coins: just before they stopped all transactions.
They discovered the coins back on the 7th, they are not directly related to the current drop. There may be an effect from the sudden potential return of these coins to the market, but honestly I don't think that would cause much devaluation. On the other hand, the market jumped shortly after Gox announced that they lost 700,000 coins, which is only explained by the increase in rarity - even though faith in bitcoin dropped.
@_date: 2014-03-25 21:28:45
This.  If a company doesn't have the liquid funds to pay creditors when payment is due, it can be forced into bankruptcy.  This is why companies always keep a large cash balance that could be invested in safe long-term bonds or insured investments.
@_date: 2014-04-23 05:29:20
How would you expect it to appear on your statement?
@_date: 2014-08-20 12:46:30
Yep, and if you lose money on the bitcoin, you can sell it off, claim it was an investment, and subtract the loss from other investment profits you would otherwise pay tax on. If your bitcoin increase in value, then just don't sell them all at once, spend some of it like Bitcoin was intended, and you won't pay income tax.
If this was the rule in the US, bitcoin would easily be back over $1,000. It's incredibly good news, and a real helping hand to get bitcoin established for people who otherwise wouldn't have considered it.
@_date: 2014-04-14 07:38:55
If they plan to spend my money hopelessly reviving the company with inexperienced staff, I am finally going to file that report for my missing coins that Mt Gox 'holds'.
Gox is currently in receivership. I don't think they have the legal ability to restart without approval from a judge or some other outside entity. 
If Karpeles restarts the firm using that much customer money, we need to file criminal charges against him personally and his company for theft. Criminal charges, not civil charges. And even if they did find and return all the coins, they could still be criminally liable for withholding them from customers and all the insane trade during their locked final days.
@_date: 2014-03-28 04:02:49
The volatility shows the benefit of stock exchanges which are open only during business hours. It may reduce liquidity, but it also prevents many (certainly not all) of the panic sell moments that Bitcoin is familiar with.
It could be worthwhile for the community to encourage a "circuit breaker" of sorts for exchanges, similar to the Stop Logic Functionality that helped stop the NYSE Flash Crash on May 6, 2010
@_date: 2014-08-20 13:41:08
Yes it's a crime. Pretty simple, really. Law enforcement is rather difficult, but it's still a crime.
@_date: 2014-05-02 00:37:10
Bitcoin's wonderful quality is that, in a super-secure wallet (the type of wallet that very few bitcoin owners actually use), no one can ever take it away from you. A thief could go to the ends of the earth trying, but Bitcoin is protected by mathematics - it can never be damaged or stolen by us mere mortals.
@_date: 2014-11-05 20:31:53
A less-than-perfect title, on the internet, and in these hallowed halls of the Bitcoin subreddit? You blasphemous insolent barbarian! You shall be tried this evening, and executed at dawn!  ;)
The title's really not that bad. I wasnt expecting the CIO of a top accounting firm to publicly jump into our bandwagon anyway. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 05:33:57
I would take this to court. I work at a bank (though not in customer service or consumer deposits), and know a the general spirit of the rules. Unauthorized withdrawals from customer accounts simply are not allowed.
Print your bank statement, see if it shows the deposit/withdrawal combo, and call your bank and say there was an unauthorized withdrawal from your account. Get copies of all the paperwork (if any) from the withdrawal transaction as well. You may be able to treat this as a case of plain old identity theft or an unauthorized withdrawal and get reimbursed that way.
You should also considering making copies of the documents with the account numbers redacted and sending them to the bank's regional vice president of retail banking. If you can't get an exact address, you can probably address the envelope to "Vice President Of Retail Banking" and mail it to their nearest main office, and it should get close to the correct person. You could include in that envelope copies of the letters that you also send to the state attorney general and whatever entity regulates banks in your state.  Try to keep the letter short (half a page or less), to the point, and without emotion.   If you can't find it anywhere else, you may be able to get the city of the nearest main office through the bank's job applications portal, and then Google should help with the rest.
@_date: 2014-08-20 06:10:52
This. This is why centralization can be a good thing, even if the centralized body is bad. I believe it was Winston Churchill who once said "The best option is to make the right decision. The next best option is to make the wrong decision. The worst option is to make no decision at all."
Those keys are fine for a small project with a highly dedicated core. But this has become a big project, and it has far more people working in ancillaries (payment processors, etc) than on the core of the code.
@_date: 2014-06-28 12:32:43
Very interesting. US legal consumer protections are currently almost nonexistent, probably because credit card companies have done a good job of providing it instead in many cases.
@_date: 2014-09-24 00:09:34
With a well-done IPO, the stock initially sells at an inflated price and declines for a while afterwards. Companies love this because they get tons of cash from the IPO - much more than they would have gotten at the lower price.
So, don't expect every IPO to be an easy profit. Especially in a market with few IPOs, because that allows the best people in the business to concentrate and organize it. An amateur should not plan on beating a team of extremely well financed professionals (it can certainly be done, but there are easier ways to make money).
@_date: 2014-06-27 21:14:00
If I had $5 to $10 million of investing money that I could afford to lose, I would bid somewhere between $400 to $500 per coin. The actual auction price will more likely be between $500 to $550 per coin, but I'd want a higher risk premium if committing that much money. The trick is: there is no loss if my theoretical bid doesn't win, and i could just buy on an exchange if I wanted to pay so close to market price. I would only bid if I felt certain that I would profit from the bid.
I cannot understand why some people expect the coins to go for more than market price. They simply wont, unless market price drops just after bids are submitted. There are a LOT more coins within $5 of current market prices than people think - a bidder should just buy the first set all at once (you could probably get 500 to 1000 before the market reacts), wait for the market to go back down over a day or two, and then gradually buy more, maybe 10 at a time. A computer program can easily be made to do this automatically.
@_date: 2014-05-10 03:08:53
I don't understand how a bet made over a forum or reddit thread would be a legally binding financial contract. I know that emails can constitute part of a legally binding contract, but a handful of posts back and forth is tenuous at best. Unless there was some legal framework used or proof of due diligence, it would be very difficult to call it legally binding while all the posts around it are not legally binding.
I'm sure that many people promised to eat their hat if bitcoin ever dropped below a certain value. As far as I know, only one person has actually eaten their hat.
@_date: 2014-02-23 06:17:54
Craigslist would be good, but you'll probably get offers for cash.
@_date: 2014-06-25 02:55:18
After looking at the graph of the actual coding history at  I think Mike doesn't have the right picture. We seem to be in a regular brief dip of the cycle, but the coding is still happening.
There is valid concern about the amount of interest in developing the core protocol. This needs to be done for things like sidechains and other solutions to emerging issues.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:18:17
There's no way to sell 200,000 bitcoins without crashing the market. It would be madness if they did that.
@_date: 2014-03-15 06:46:36
My thoughts exactly.  Looking to Buffet for advice on bitcoin is like asking a classical cellist what their favorite progressive heavy metal band is. Or it's like asking a cruise ship captain to pilot an F1 car.
Can you imagine the headlines?  "Yo Yo Ma says German band Gamma Ray is too loud."  Or "Carnival Cruise captain says that F1 cars are short on legroom and don't carry enough nautical charts."
In other news, Stevie Wonder says that newspapers are hard for him to read.  
@_date: 2014-04-03 01:02:28
Thanks! Watching it right now.
@_date: 2014-02-22 18:39:11
Basically because any newly generated coin (by definition) has less history than older coins. If I understand correctly, coins are not technically "transferred", it's more correct to say "ownership is transferred".  The coins stay in the same (metaphorical) place, but the blockchain history will show that they have a new owner.
If there was a fork in the chain, then the newly created coins will disappear if they were on the fork that is destroyed.
This risk is an addition to the normal validity/doublespend risk, so it is greatly minimized if the chain must wait for 100 more confirmations. Considering that the risk of a long fork is higher than simple mathematics indicate, this is prudent. The risk of a long fork is due mostly to a possible error in the protocol that would split the chain, which has happened before when the client was updated to version .8 if I remember correctly.  If not for the 100 confirmation limit, coins in both forks could be spent and verified by many confirmations before they are eventually invalidated. Otherwise, the "simple mathematics" only calculate the probability of a fork and it continuing by pure chance.
@_date: 2014-04-04 17:47:58
It would be awesome if the post office did start accepting bitcoin, and it would be a fun slap in the face of Apple after they keep rejecting bitcoin wallets.
However, how many bitcoin users also use stamps? I bought a $10 book of stamps more than 2 years ago, and I'm only halfway through it. Also, I think there are already ways to pay online and print postage onto a letter.
On the other hand, if someone wanted to invent a QR code that represents a bitcoin transaction, print it on a letter where the stamp should be, and teach the post office that they can just scan it and upload it to the network - now that would be pretty cool. The post office wouldn't need to "accept" bitcoin in anything near the same way, they would only need to add some scanners to the postal line and connect them to the internet.
@_date: 2014-08-31 17:24:56
I am not the expert in the put/calls derivatives, but I believe the strike price for those is based on Bitstamp. It's easier and cheaper to manipulate the market from btc-e, though. The cost and volume of bitcoin derivatives is pretty bad, so it would be difficult for those to offset the cost of manipulating the market.
Also, if one wanted to manipulate the market, this isn't quite the way to do it. There are much better strategies.
@_date: 2014-08-06 21:58:20
These guys accept payment via bitcoin, which is important to note.
Also, though an entity may not be able to release information due to a gag order, there is the potential legal loophole of a VPN ceasing to say something. If they sent an email to all users each day saying "We have not been required to provide any information to the government today", then they could effectively inform their users by NOT sending that email if they are investigated. This is too blatant to squeak through the loophole, but companies have been known to remove their privacy policy from their website when investigated, and then send a message to all users saying that the policy has changed. So, keep an eye out for that. If the promises of privacy and 0 records suddenly dissapear, that's a sign to switch VPNs ASAP.
@_date: 2014-08-07 12:35:38
If they have your email address and know its linked to bitcoin, and ANYTHING else knows your email address also has your cell number, that's how they found out.
Apparently a large database of info from hundreds of websites has been compiled by some hacking entity that used a botnet to try SQL injection on every reachable website. I wouldnt be surprised if they linked the phone number through that. They could also link it through facebook or anywhere that it's posted, really.
@_date: 2014-08-15 00:26:45
I was about to kinda-disagree and point out that Gavin is the expert on the technology that makes Bitcoin work, but NOT an expert on finance or accounting. But, I remembered that Bitcoin is (and has been for years) littered with Ponzi schemes.
So, even if he's wrong accounting-wise, he's still probably right 
@_date: 2014-09-03 17:55:33
A pet dog may help, especially if it has had any training as a guard dog.
Also, sometimes guard dogs are retired when they get a bit too old to be as effective as possible, and sometimes are available for adoption. It may be worthwhile to adopt such a pet.
@_date: 2014-04-13 03:26:54
It has nothing to do with the end of support for Windows XP. Ending support just means that Microsoft will not release updates anymore.
It's a bit like how a car goes out of warranty, or the company discontinues the model. It will still work perfectly fine for a long time. Maybe something major will happen and break it, but that will probably be far in the future if it does happen. There is no need to buy a new car just because an existing one is out of warranty.
(I have explained this so many times over the past few weeks.....).
@_date: 2014-10-29 16:38:11
Rub3X, buddy, stop being a jerk. We know you're just trying to post your opinions, but to everyone reading it looks like you are just trying to be rude and antagonizing.
@_date: 2014-05-10 13:21:10
The comment is at roughly 1:04.
As a bitcoin holder who has worked in banking and has a financial education, the man said something that is exactly right for him to say, and Max agrees with his opinion. He was wrong that people won't talk about bitcoin, but that wasn't really his point - he's looking at value. He said shortly after that his current stance is to avoid risk - ergo, do not buy bitcoin.
Investment 101 is that risk = larger profit or loss. Banks don't talk about increasing their profits, **they talk about decreasing their risks**.  If an investment manager said "I want to avoid risk" and then bought bitcoin, he should be fired on the spot for being a total idiot. If he said "I want to increase risk to try to get more profit", then he can buy some bitcoin if he thinks that the profit outweighs the risk.
He also makes the accurate point that the time to buy something is when everyone else is ignoring it. Less attention means that fewer people are trying to buy it, and therefore the price will be lower. Anyone who saw the ridiculous Beanie Baby fad knows this.  We could also say the guy is a genius for not buying at $1000 and losing half his money.
@_date: 2014-04-09 01:22:58
How is it applied to transactions within an exchange, where the fiat is also virtual/digital?  Is it only taxable when it is withdrawn into a traditional bank account?
@_date: 2014-03-26 16:40:27
I've never heard a clear or consistent reason for Apple to ban bitcoin wallets. This is the most consistent explanation, but the app store lacks a lot of the functions and efficiency that would be needed for in-person purchases.
EDIT: other than the bitcoin issues, I like Apple products. They may be overpriced, but they are well designed, have balanced specifications, and don't cut corners.
@_date: 2014-04-05 20:02:25
I'm sure other people are with me on this already, but it has to be said. The "two spaces after each period" argument is such utter BS that it should be dropped entirely. For all anyone knows, Satoshi wrote his paper on a publishing platform or in software that automatically puts two spaces after each period. I wouldn't be surprised if Microsoft Word includes an auto-correct option for it. CORRECTION: Microsoft Word does offer this: [see it right here]( and Satoshi could have enabled it for academic purposes. So, that entire line of argument is void. QED.
Now, regarding Szabo. I credit OP for his research and making a point that has some evidence behind it. However, I think it's unlikely that Satoshi would pick a symbolic birthday - if he was into the symbolism, he could have picked a symbolic name, and probably would have mentioned the things he considered important over the few years that he regularly communicated. The Order 6102 thing is probably a coincidence. Alternatively, Satoshi could be Finnish and a fan of booze, because on April 5th the year before Finland ended it's alcohol prohibition.
I also find it unlikely that Szabo put his name on all his papers, including ones on virtual currencies, except for one. He  would not have known if any of his papers would take off, and certainly would not have predicted that one could be as successful as the bitcoin paper.
@_date: 2014-08-22 17:19:57
This. Getting goxed was a risk that comes with the territory.
Also, my phone autocorrects "goxed" to "fixed". LOL.
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:50:33
Chuck Norris &gt; Putin
@_date: 2014-05-07 01:38:21
Do people in the Philippines watch US UFC? 
We could probably sponsor an entire tournament season in the Philippines. In the developing countries where this is a major sport, wages for almost all fighters are extremely low and some operations have a shoestring budget.
However, do the people who watch this actually put any money into bitcoin? And how will it look in the US if bitcoin is somehow sponsoring a sport in a developing country where people are severely injured? Would Goldman Sachs, Paypal, Amazon, Bank of America, etc ever even consider sponsoring something like this? There's a reason that they don't - and it's not because of ignorance. They are not idiots, they know better, and carefully decide where to spend their marketing money.
@_date: 2014-03-13 05:17:51
All the trading will be off the chain, I expect. Waiting for the network to propogate a trade (or worse yet, waiting for a block to be mined) would negate the entire idea of high-frequency trading.
@_date: 2014-05-13 05:42:49
I like the idea, especially if the phones are capable of running (or are pre-loaded with) a bitcoin app.
The first question: What is the target area?
The second question: What is the cellphone usage rate already, and is there sufficient infrastructure (towers, etc) to host it?
@_date: 2014-04-18 14:54:29


That has not happened, not in the US, and I don't think it has happened in the Euro portion of Europe. Bank accounts in the US have $250k of insurance. If someone has more money than that, they can open separate accounts. The FDIC has been around much longer than bitcoin or the internet and has a spectacular track record and they are amazingly efficient at what they do. If you have less than $250,000 in a savings or checking account in the US and the bank fails, you will not lose the money. **It. Will. Not. Happen.**
Some investment companies have failed and lost customer's money. But bitcoin exchanges have a MUCH higher failure rate than investment banks, and the exchanges do take all customer funds with them.
@_date: 2014-07-07 01:33:29
UPDATE: the reported price was a glitch and no trades were made at that price. I received a copy of CampBx's entire trade history, and no trades above $1100 have ever been made on that exchange according to that history.
TL;DR: at 7/6/2014 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time, all sell orders were filled up to at least $9852 per coin. There are 2 options: Either a server error wiped out a bunch of sell orders, or someone bought a lot of coins - far more than they should have.
Here is the price data that I collected from their API as it was happening, in reverse chronological order (start at the bottom):
    Date/time       Buy:      Sell:
    7/6/2014 11:43	704.05	647.57
    7/6/2014 11:43	660.91	647.57
    7/6/2014 11:42	660.91	636.5
    7/6/2014 11:41	660.91	636.5
    7/6/2014 11:41	809.55	653.69
    7/6/2014 11:40	809.55	653.67
    7/6/2014 11:39	809.55	653.65
    7/6/2014 11:39	809.55	653.64
    7/6/2014 11:38	809.55	653.62
    7/6/2014 11:37	809.55	653.61
    7/6/2014 11:37	809.55	653.6
    7/6/2014 11:36	809.55	653.58
    7/6/2014 11:35	809.55	653.58
    7/6/2014 11:35	809.55	653.56
    7/6/2014 11:34	764.30  653.54
    7/6/2014 11:33	748.39	653.52
    7/6/2014 11:33	694.60  653.51
    7/6/2014 11:32	694.60  653.51
    7/6/2014 11:31	694.60  653.51
    7/6/2014 11:31	694.60	653.51
    7/6/2014 11:30	694.59	653.52
    7/6/2014 11:29	694.59	653.52
    ....
    7/6/2014 10:08  685.34   644.1
    7/6/2014 10:07  749.23   633.98
    7/6/2014 10:07  749.23   633.96
    7/6/2014 10:06  749.23   633.94
    7/6/2014 10:05  749.23   633.92
    7/6/2014 10:05  749.23   633.9
    7/6/2014 10:04  749.23   633.84
    7/6/2014 10:03  749.23   633.88
    7/6/2014 10:03  749.23   633.86
    7/6/2014 10:02  749.23   633.84
    7/6/2014 10:01  749.23   631.75
    7/6/2014 10:01  749.23   631.72
    7/6/2014 10:00  9852.88   631.71  &lt;--- THE IMPORTANT ONE
    7/6/2014 9:59   688.9   631.71
Before this, the price was in the $650 range for a while. Their API stopped responding between about 12:30 and 8 PM EST. The server may have been sketchy at other times as well, but my system has a special algorithm that adjusts data for when a server stops responding. 
The prices are collected every 40 seconds. These are the "price you can buy at" and "price you can sell at", and do not actually indicate trades. The Buy price jump to $809 later probably means that many sell orders were cancelled.
Source: I arbitrage. It's my job to know these things.
CampBX tends to have very low volume; it used to be higher because they briefly had the best and cheapest USD deposit method available, but their bank stopped that after a few months. Still, there are likely people who had significant amounts of USD on that exchange. However, for one person to have enough to purchase that much coin - it is possible but unlikely, simply because it requires someone to have moved that much cash from their bank onto one small exchange.
Edits: adding data and fixing formatting
@_date: 2014-11-06 15:53:53
The people who made it did great work and I have no problem compensating them for it. That's just my personal choice though. They took a risk with their time and made a good tool, and seem to still be improving it.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:57:57
The variability of bitcoin value makes it an impossible basis for corporate accounting, in my opinion, unless all payables and receivables will be done in bitcoin too.
If I was running a company that had significant bitcoin assets, I would have it as a separate account of short-term assets. If I was running an exchange, casino, or tumbler, I would try to treat the bitcoin as the inventory. Using bitcoins as an inventory is more feasible as FIFO can handle the change in value while following established accounting standards. 
Preferably, I would see how jewelry companies account for their gold and silver, and try to treat bitcoin the same way.
There is an advantage to keeping all corporate accounts in bitcoin: audits will be much easier, cheaper, and faster. The company does not need to reveal what accounts it has in great detail to the public, but it will be much easier for an auditor to verify ownership and the exact balance.
@_date: 2014-05-06 06:24:43
But here's a TL;DR in response to your response: Economics is complicated. Bitcoin is complicated. If you want to work with both, then you have to suck it up and deal with it. The first post addresses this complication issue.
@_date: 2014-04-19 03:16:01
I don't know about the other failures, but Mt Gox and Neo Bee had one thing in common: rubbish corporate governance. 
In undergraduate studies I took a class in business accountability and corporate governance, taught by an auditor and member of the PCAOB - a man who could doom a multinational company by uttering the words "adverse opinion". Gox and N&amp;B violated most of the principles of good corporate governance, especially regarding oversight and the separation of duties. N&amp;B apparently had huge problems of intertwining the manager's and company's funds, which is the biggest red flag in the accounting business.
Any large investor should, if at all possible, have an independent accountant or auditor review the company and give their opinion. This is a no-brainer for a multi-million dollar investment. I've even conducted a financial analysis (a very informal one) for a potential investment of only $150,000 - and I saved the investor $150,000.
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:32:05
I like your post, but want to give you a heads-up that there's not thousands of us bot-makers. There are a few hundred at most, and only a few dozen at most who do it well enough that we could make any living off of it.
The bot market is extremely competitive though. The market just doesn't have enough capital or volume to support more. Currently, only professional programmers with a finance background can hope to make a bot that can return an appreciable steady income at all. Everyone else is better off sticking to their day job and not devoting months of their lives to this solitary pursuit.
@_date: 2014-11-03 21:53:07
That is a hobby project for professionals, and possibly a good learning (and maybe networking) project for amateurs. Its also a way for professionals to get their hands into something different if they are considering working for a different kind of company or with a different kind of project.
I'm happy with my current job, but if I had a 1+ month layoff I'd be putting time into those projects while finding other work.  But, the chance of me being out of the job and unable to find work is pretty low.
@_date: 2014-05-06 05:56:11
I think you should revise your accuracy percentage, as your current percentage is actually more of a "percent complete" than accuracy. Most scientific studies will go for a 90% or 95% **confidence** - though there is great variations among fields and studies, but let's use 90% to keep it simple. So, instead you could predict a range of difficulties, and say that you are 90% confident that the next difficulty is in that range. An easy way to do this is to say "we are predicting a new difficulty of 8,288,103,446, plus or minus 50,000,000" (if 5 million is the 90% confidence range). That lets you use your prediction number as a "headline" number, and you can explain the details and include the +/- portion inside the article. Establishing the 90% confidence range may take a bit of fiddling, but historical testing can probably help do that.
Just a suggestion. I like your open and math-based approach on the site.
@_date: 2014-11-30 05:20:03
I'm in much the same boat, and staying in graduate school (paying upfront for those classes) and keeping loans in deferment without interest. Inflation is too low in my opinion. Mortgage interest rates are great for those getting mortgages, but so many people of my generation have too much student loan debt to even consider getting a mortgage.
And they wondered why the housing market collapsed. Doesnt take Einstein to figure it out.
@_date: 2014-03-24 16:56:11
Good to know that all the bitcoins are there.
The audit doesn't verify fiat balances, so there IS still that potential risk that they are holding partial reserves in fiat. The best way to audit both fiat and BTC is to get their balances at the same time, but that is very difficult as banks don't process transactions instantly. The only way around this is to get their account and transaction statements over a multi-day period, and this would be more difficult to verify because of normal daily transactions, and it still allows for check kiting. Reserves can also be temporarily pumped up by investors or owners.
However, we can safely assume that a company won't spend $100,000 to steal $50,000, and they also won't go through great effort to hide a relatively small discrepancy.
@_date: 2014-03-05 04:32:44
I have gotten btc withdrawals from them, but have not tried removing fiat.  My last withdrawal was not sent for about 2 hours (very annoying, as that was the moment the market peaked and I couldn't sell on Campbx or Coinbase, where I sent it), but their API server had problems at the same time and that was during very high market activity.   I expect to continue using them in the future, but probably less and less often. Their fees are a bit too high for trading, and it's no longer cheap to deposit or withdrawal fiat.   If I moved $10,000 at a time and the website stays trustworthy then they would be more useful, but for withdrawals less than $2000 coinbase is cheaper.
@_date: 2014-07-02 22:20:37
Yes they very much do care about overpaying. In investments, the only mistake that you can never make up for is overpaying for the asset. Source: several of my finance professors.
@_date: 2014-08-22 17:12:56
For the most part, banks never provide any explanation unless they are legally required to provide it - and even then, it may be cryptic and minimal.
Banks don't say much. There's not much reason for this, honestly, it's just a trait that the industry has.
@_date: 2014-04-05 14:15:21
Possible. But, for the sake of simplicity, I think we can assume he put in his actual birthday. It doesn't make any difference whether he put in a real or fake one.
@_date: 2014-04-10 17:35:40
I read this as a slightly positive "there's no news, so it's good news" response, but it depends on the question asked, and how closely the customer service representative read it. Here's the breakdown:
1: "We do not recommend or facilitate any purchase or sale of these currencies". This is the existing standard. Banks should not recommend the purchase or sale of bitcoin; banks are in the very traditional money business, and radical new mediums are NOT their strong point. Just like banks did not create the early online payment systems (they let paypal take all the glory and profit), they should not lead the way in cryptocurrencies. The best thing banks could offer the cryptocurrency economy is their excellent account protection and backup abilities. 
2: "we do not accept any of these currencies as collateral" Again, this is standard and perfectly reasonable. Most banks won't even accept gold, stocks, or bonds as collateral for common customer accounts. Managing and keeping up with bitcoin price changes would be a hugely expensive nightmare, and it is completely contrary to how their deposit systems work. Integrating bitcoin would almost certainly introduce or reveal bugs in the current system and would probably break the existing systems the bank uses. It would be easier to convince the Bitcoin core development team to change the core code so that the blockchain can also handle pure cash transactions, than it is to convince banks to accept bitcoin into their computer systems.
3: "we do not accept virtual currency in a deposit, custodial, or other type account." Again, standard and reasonable for the reasons outlined in point 2.
Overall, Wells Fargo sounds very open-minded. The simple fact will continue to be that Wells Fargo knows and does banking, it does not know Bitcoin. Wells Fargo should not waste resources on bitcoin because agile tech startup companies will be better at bitcoin anyway. Similarly, a tech startup should not try to create a large traditional multinational bank.
@_date: 2014-04-19 14:05:05
Yep. But bitcoin has done a really bad job of reaching out to those people, Mr. CEO. We tell the poor unbanked people that they only need a smartphone with a data contract... Because all poor people have smartphones and $80/month contracts, right? Those services are horrendously overpriced in the US compared to the rest of the world, but worldwide it is cheaper to have a debit account.
This is an issue that we can only solve with help from other industries. If we can break some of the duopoly in the US cell phone industry, we could lower prices for everyone, but that is far easier said than done. Otherwise we need to push for wider free WiFi. And that WiFi needs to be easy to access too - there are far too many places with "free" WiFi that require users to register, or accept some ridiculous agreement that they wont use the WiFi to commit terrorism, or watch some advertisement that won't load (the Dallas/Ft Worth airport has this). These limitations often break or hamper apps that try to use the WiFi. 
@_date: 2014-08-29 04:23:49
No, they are required by law to provide an explanation if he requests one. It is the word and letter of the law that they must provide an explanation.
I used to do this for a living. This is part of the training material that every single bank employee in the customer-facing part of the business will see on a regular basis. You can argue with me if you want, but the facts are facts.
@_date: 2014-04-23 21:49:11
Banks are required by law to act in a non-discriminatory way. Refuse to do business with one person? Ok, they can get away with that. Refuse to do business with 1000 people? The bank better have a good explanation, and hope that the 1000 people does not have a high proportion of federally protected minorities.
Source: I worked for a bank. This was taught to every single employee every year. The anti-discrimination laws in the banking industry are pretty fierce.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:01:36
Excellent.   Have you ever considered the ease of auditing bitcoin-based accounts compared to traditional accounts? It should be easier and cheaper, as the auditor only needs to verify it against the blockchain. 
@_date: 2014-09-18 17:35:26
Yes, but they should be using at least a half decent programming language. It's harder not to.
@_date: 2014-06-06 14:18:08
Better yet: inside a major airport. Banks do have good security, but I feel like I'm freeloading a bit too much if I use their physical security for my transactions.
If someone tries to steal from you at an international airport, they better have a getaway vehicle waiting right outside the door. Otherwise, they'll get taken down pretty fast.
@_date: 2014-04-18 03:55:15
And hope that they both outlive you, stay in contact, understand what to do years down the road, and are willing to do it. You have a really great idea - it's a lot like the idea behind many excellent encryption techniques, but unfortunately humans may not be up to the task.
@_date: 2014-08-18 13:23:29
Overall, the proposed Bitlicense regulations from New York have dramatically hurt the price. Those regulations effectively ban all direct institutional investment from New York - which means it bans all direct institutional Investment from the US, and probably the entire world (as every financial institution worth it's nameplate does business in New York). A fundamental flaw off the regulations is that it treats every company like a payment processor. If a coffee shop chooses to accept and hold bitcoins for payment with their own wallet, and not use Bitpay or Coinbase, they must follow the laws set up for payment processors - which is ridiculous.
So, all the capital influx that was expected is now off the table, and much of the price jump was in anticipation of that.
If New York proposes a set of regulations that the community actually likes, I wouldn't be surprised to see the price exceed $800 again.
I don't believe the hype about expectations of the next bubble. Anyone investing in bitcoin should know that it's unpredictable. Also, the types of derivative contracts that could cause a price drop when he bubble doesn't happen, don't exist in the bitcoin market, or at least not on any appreciable scale.
@_date: 2014-04-27 20:45:15
Valid point, except that those things are intended to never be used. Currency and bitcoin, on the other hand, is supposed to be used.  They are radically different.
@_date: 2014-05-02 01:57:34
Businesses are not affected by the price of bitcoin. The payment processors convert it to cash for the business within seconds. There IS some variability on the consumer side as the price fluctuates, but that is easy and efficient to handle - just calculate the price in bitcoins at the moment of sale. I expect that the payment processors already allow this feature.
Personally, I would be willing to pay a bit more if the merchant had printed prices in bitcoin - meaning that they probably update the price no more than once per day. The merchant would charge more due to the price risk (and probably stop bitcoin transactions if the price plummeted), but it helps create a little bit of stability in the market. I'd also be willing to do some work where part or all of the payment is a set number of bitcoins, regardless of their market value. THAT will create price stability.
The US Dollar is stable because currency is "sticky". Shops take a while to change prices, and employers will be very slow to change wages. There is one exception to this: jewelry stores. You may notice that every jewelry store constantly has a discount on virtually all their items. Ever wonder why this is? It's because the price of gold, silver, etc fluctuates. When gold is more valuable, the "discount" is decreased, and vice-versa. This allows the merchant to avoid changing prices on the entire inventory manually.
@_date: 2014-03-07 14:05:10
I believe thieves would have move coins out of the Gox account in order to steal them.  These seem to be unmoved for quite a while, meaning they are not stolen from Gox
@_date: 2014-12-16 20:02:39
Yeah, that's close enough to get the general idea.
@_date: 2014-02-21 08:57:09
I unfortunately agree with you that the protesters are not actually doing anything helpful. If Gox is solvent and trying to fix things, the protest is getting slightly in the way and may have pushed the building owner to encourage Gox to leave, which would ruin at least a day's worth of productivity - though it may also be providing some useful pressure. If Gox is conducting insider trading and intends to run off with all the money/coins, the protest at best does nothing to stop it, and may even have given Gox a heads-up that they need to cover their tracks better.
However, the protesters have their hearts in the right place, and that's why I like them.  We need people doing the things that are not quite rational or directly helpful, because the precedent and side-effects help strengthen the community.
@_date: 2014-03-07 05:40:30
I was about to post exactly that, but thought I would sound too off. 
He says "ya pavaru nicht angriski", which is slightly, barely, a bit close to "ya ni gavaru paruski", which means "I dont speak english".   The Google translate is at  (press the microphone). Google doesnt use the same word for "english", but that is one of the first Russian words I learned.
I don't know why he would use Russian, or say he doesn't speak English. On the other hand, I have used that same phrase once or twice.
@_date: 2014-03-24 17:17:48
I don't see how BTC-E could lose money in ways other than theft or management looting.  Their website isn't exactly the most expensive design in the world.
Also, keep in mind that AML documents are themselves a target for hackers. If a hacker gets a few thousand of those, they may not need the bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2014-07-03 16:52:16
How are the conditionsin Ukraine for tourists and travelers? Im thinking of returning to Eastern Europe for a little while, and Ukraine is a country that I want to see.
@_date: 2014-07-09 04:53:52
Yes indeed I do know how the current fee system works. It is very efficient, but depends either on all transactions including fees or miners being generous and processing 0-fee transactions, which is a flaw of the system. Some mining pools do not include any 0-fee transactions in their blocks at all, and this damages the entire system.
@_date: 2014-04-18 04:28:40
If you owned etherium and some members of your family had wallets, wouldn't you be able to make a contract so that the funds automatically go to your descendants? The details of the plan would need to be worked out (like ensuring that they have safe wallets which they dont forget, verifying that you're passed, etc), but ethereum should theoretically make it much easier.
Your plan hinges on a few factors: 
1: that Google and gmail will continue, and google will never disable the inactive account manager
2: that your family members keep and use the same email accounts.
3: that google is sufficiently secure and the service cannot be either hacked or tricked. If the service can be tricked and a fraudster has access to your family's email addresses, they could intercept the message before your family does.
I've thought a lot about ways to ensure information integrity for times longer than a few decades, and it is a huge problem. The Long Now Foundation devotes itself to this - in fact, they write the year as 02014, because we certainly hope humanity will last past the year 9999. History has shown that the best way to preserve evidence of the past is to build a pyramid - the other 6 Wonders of the Ancient World have disappeared or been doubted to ever exist in the first place. The nuclear Waste Isolation Pilot Plant is also facing similar problems. How do you tell people "stay away" and ensure that, 9000 year from now, they will understand the same language?
@_date: 2014-04-19 14:29:18


So in other words, a bank? This is why companies use banks. It's also why Bitcoin is a payment and accounting system, not a banking system.
@_date: 2014-10-28 14:34:44
Came here to say the symbol is good.
That is all.
@_date: 2014-11-03 21:53:02
That is a hobby project for professionals, and possibly a good learning (and maybe networking) project for amateurs. Its also a way for professionals to get their hands into something different if they are considering working for a different kind of company or with a different kind of project.
I'm happy with my current job, but if I had a 1+ month layoff I'd be putting time into those projects while finding other work.  But, the chance of me being out of the job and unable to find work is pretty low.
@_date: 2014-10-21 19:17:55
If you understand the blockchain, you'd be surprised how well you can understand programming. Python is an easy and good language to start with, and there are tons of tutorials.
@_date: 2014-03-29 06:01:28
There may be a potential fly in the ointment: the effect of bitcoin mixers may need to be removed from the dataset. As the primary activity of mixers is to generate and fund new addresses without any genuine market activity, they have the potential to skew the data.  Some gambling sites may also skew the data, depending on their implementation. I can't blame the graph maker for not removing these, though - it would be very difficult to do.
@_date: 2014-12-04 14:56:16
I was about to post that as a joke. People claimed that the last time. The coins dont sell for above market rate, they always sell below market.
They simply dont. No one is going to buy them for above market rate (otherwise the could buy some at (gasp!) the market rate!). It just doesn't happen. It simply doesn't. Every time I see this, its like someone claiming that to invent a perpetual motion machine or prove that 1 = 0. Its just not true.
Where do these ideas come from?
@_date: 2014-04-18 15:23:04
Thanks for the firsthand perspective.
Also, as as an economist, would you be willing to suggest that bitcoin-based companies need a diligent and boring accounting professional in a high-ranking position? The bitcoin community is filled with computer and IT people, but those of us with financial, banking, and economic backgrounds seem very much in the minority.
@_date: 2014-07-02 09:33:23
It looks like the website is farked. Could someone post a copy of the article?
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:28:36
Well quoted.
Stockman is a friend of the Bitcoin community, and has attended major Bitcoin conferences. He understands Bitcoin well enough, and also understands its potential benefits over the long term.
So don't worry guys, he's one of us. Maybe not a Redditor, but he is a Bitcoiner.
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:55:29
All equipment is air-droppable at least once.
Highly effective mercenaries and all that.
@_date: 2014-04-15 23:26:16
Other miners could refuse to process future transactions that are from a wallet that used this service to reverse a transaction. That may be useless to stop private accounts, but the large online wallet providers would do whatever they can to refuse to allow this service. Then, the wallet providers could use a common and known paying wallet which PoS machines recognize, and approve the transaction instantly. It would still be bad for the network, and would be a big incentive for people to abandon personal wallets and use online services instead.
This is one reason that I am working on an outline for a protocol that depends on both processing and data transfer for mining. Miners that misbehave could be temporarily shunned by other miners, and thus they would lose mining power because fewer nodes would share with them.
@_date: 2014-09-18 17:46:37
Which is why many languages have a Decimal type. It avoids that problem.
@_date: 2014-06-05 00:46:07
Exactly. Most methods of securely storing bitcoins also reduce the ability to access those coins. This is where the "4 USB drives and laminated printouts" stuff comes in - the redundancy reduces the chance of losing everything. There must be a balance between risk of theft and risk of loss - that loss is the effective destruction of the coins in a computer crash, flood, fire, amnesia, whatever.
There are people who need to ask themselves "If i have a stroke or other brain injury, what's the chance that I will forget everything I need to know for my bitcoins?".
Also, if someone uses software to encrypt, they should be absolutely certain that the software will be around for the next 20+ years, and it will be compatible with computers 20+ years in the future. Ironically, the banking industry will probably be the biggest force ensuring backwards compatibility, because they are so reluctant to change their software.
Wouldn't it be great if a copy of a highly-regarded encryption software could be saved in the blockchain? That would ensure it is preserved for as long as bitcoin. Even if it has to be spread across several thousand blocks, it would be worth doing.
@_date: 2014-06-04 09:38:37
The first time I saw a hedge fund manager use Fibonacci retracement, my draw dropped. It's not the concept that shocked me - it's the fact that Fibonacci ratios are picked pretty much out of thin air as the ratios to use. There is no reason to use those ratios, it's literally (as far as I can tell) a case of someone saying "let's just use these because it's better than my arse".
If they did some market testing to justify that those ratios tend to give better predictions in an empirically demonstrable way, and build a tiny bit of theory or explanation of why, that would be different. But I cant find anyone who has done this. People just seem to use it because it's a tool that is available.
@_date: 2014-04-21 02:01:14
As someone who has worked in the mortgage industry, I have a bit of advice: Call the bank that he had the mortgage with, and ask them if they can pause interest accrual or payments briefly while all the arrangements are handled. Some banks will work with you on this and grant a bit of time that could save the estate's money.
I know it's not enjoyable and it's not something you want to do, but it could be one fewer concern on your mind.
I wish you the best in this difficult time; we will all face it eventually. It's important for you to carry your life forward.
@_date: 2014-04-19 13:50:18
I am still bound by general non-disclosure agreements, so I can't discuss some of the upcoming improvements that would be relevant to the customer service issue. I will clarify that it is purely within the banking industry and has nothing to do with Bitcoin whatsoever.
Many grocery stores now have bank branches inside which are open longer hours, like from 8 to 8 Monday through Saturday, and a few hours on Sunday.
The banking industry is working on the problem, but progress is slow. They can have branches with longer hours, but that means they must shut down some other branches so they can keep the expenses down. Many people choose their bank based on which one is most convenient, so the closure of the nearest branch would mean that the bank loses customers.
Also, I can withdraw cash from my bank at any ATM at any time. Withdrawing cash from my bitcoin wallets? Well, I need to transfer it to Coinbase, wait for confirmations, then sell it with a 1% fee, then wait a few **days**, and then I can withdraw it from any ATM via my bank. I'll just take the cash out of my checking account the old-fashioned way, thank you very much. If I travel internationally there could be ATM issues, but within my home country I have only ever had 1 ATM fail to work - and that's because it was a sucky ATM and the guy who was running it did not properly connect it to the network.
@_date: 2014-03-19 03:24:56
Who is actually putting up the funds to buy all these ATMs? Even the cheapest ones cost around $2000 if I remember correctly, so that is $800,000 in machine prices alone. Add more cost for shipping, setup, and stocking the machines with money (I assume people want to also get money out occasionally) and the total cost well exceeds $1 million.
The motivation behind 400 machines and Dubai would help explain how the project will turn out.
@_date: 2014-09-03 17:51:17


This, this, and this some more. It's nearly impossible to store anything of value for 100+ years without consistent effort like security guards or an entire corporate structure. Long-term storage and protection is one of the oldest problems faced by mankind. The best solution thus far is to bury the object and let everyone forget it ever existed.
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:30:43
I saw "pips" mentioned earlier, and suggest that it would be a better name. It's not currently used as an extremely common computer term already (technically bytes should be used to describe data, but bits is still common parlance and used by ISPs all the time), and the sound implies a small amount.
@_date: 2014-04-12 17:42:06
I wish to caution the attempts to use technical analysis to predict prices over the long term. Fundamental analysis is usually much, much better at long term predictions.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:16:59
Considering that the ones I'm looking at have just been split again, I dont think the system is done. I will re-review the Gox code, but I believe it tries to split down to amounts of about 10 coins. There would be valid reasons to have accounts with a range of values though.
@_date: 2014-04-16 02:36:51
It is possible to add up all amounts that have not been spend for a year, or longer. All you need to do is go through the blockchain (not necessarily easy) and compile the data.
However, there have been some large long-dormant accounts that have recently been moved, so it's impossible to tell if an account is truly abandoned or forgotten.
@_date: 2014-03-26 16:45:43
How is bitcoin so little known in eastern Europe when Bitstamp and Btc-E, some of the oldest exchanges, are based there? It seems that it would have been easier to buy bitcoin in eastern europe than in the US, until Coinbase arrived.
@_date: 2014-03-07 22:27:33
You did a great job by sounding like a responsible, objective outsider analyzing the situation, when not getting very excited
Your response regarding your case was perfect.  You avoid sounding defensive, and jump almost immediately to saying that you look forward to resuming your work of helping the government understand bitcoin.  If someone wasn't listening closely, they would probably think that you are the expert that the government and/or media calls to help explain the details of the case - rather than the defendant. Also, great work by ignoring the comments about the case when you were introduced and going straight to the question - that instantly puts you in the category of "expert" rather than "defendant".
My only criticism is that you gave long answers, and it seems like you were answering both the question that they asked, and then answering the question that you wanted them to ask. There were a few times where I could hear a moment that the interviewer wanted you to stop so they could ask something else, but it's difficult to recognize that when you are the one speaking.  If you can get longer interviews, try to let the host ask more often.
@_date: 2014-04-09 22:09:44
Their AIC logo is rather nice, the colors work well. The BitcoinWifi is also fairly good, though it seems to stretch the eye a bit.
I'll be critical of the Beyond Banks logo, though. Way too much like I'm seeing double. If i were to do a BB logo like that, I think it would be easier to have a single B casting a shadow (at just the right angle, probably onto a vertical surface), which makes the other B.
The FSCSC is a pretty good graphic, but the text needs to be bolder and deeper. Maybe use a black background instead of a white one...  I just realized that the "Secure" part is a dark army green rather than black - not sure which color I prefer. Combining a company symbol, logo, name, and abbreviation like that is pretty good.
@_date: 2014-08-06 22:11:08
They may be similar to bank regulations, but there's a big problem: the regulations treat a wide range of Bitcoin-based companies like consumer banks, whether they actually operate like a bank or not. 
If you're a young person who is holding a few BTC for your parents who want to invest a bit but are not tech-savvy, then you better not live in New York because you would then fall underthe regulations.
Even worse, an investment fund that acquires a small amout of Bitcoin fir its portfolio would be required to immediately liquidate all stocks, corporate bonds, foreign currency accounts, etc. it would fall under the same money-holding regulations as money transmitters, which are not allowed to invest anything in assets other than US currency or US government bonds. So, this would shut down any investment fund that would try this. Therefore, no investment fund will ever directly hold any bitcoin. This is a pretty big hit to bitcoin's investment potential. Just imagine if New York passed a law stating that no investment fund could hold any Euros or government bonds denominated in Euros. The bankers would ask the regulators what they have been smoking. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 08:52:43
Are you even aware of the type of auction this was? It was a Dutch auction - all winners paid the price of the lowest winning bid. So, even if 1 bidder offered a crazy $10,000 per coin, they would not pay that much unless all other bidders were equally crazy.
@_date: 2014-12-16 13:40:05


WTF are you on about? First off, the state doesn't own private land, it only owns public land. Second, seriously, wtf koolaide have you been drinking?
I sense a troll.
@_date: 2014-05-02 00:58:33


Please correct me if I am wrong, but I do not believe these are made anymore. I've tried to buy some, but have not found a reliable source.
I would prefer to buy solid silver (or palladium!) physical bitcoin tokens. Even if the tokens didn't have real bitcoin attached, I would still like to own a handful of the tokens. I would enjoy the irony of a 'bitcoin' that only has silver value.
@_date: 2014-05-14 15:45:51
Beck has, on several occassions, come out and said he was wrong about important topics. He's fairly intellectually honest with himself - if he sees that he's wrong, he accepts facts. A lot of tv/radio hosts just don't do this.  The hard part is showing him where/when he is wrong; it takes a lot if good evidence to overcome existing beliefs. This also doesn't affect opinions, which are just based on personal preferences without much regard to facts either way. It is possible for someone to be a nut but still have their facts right.
Does Beck still have the "Wilfred from Sun City, Florida" bits? Id love to hear one involving bitcoin. ("Wilfred" is a Voiceover artist who sometimes calls in pretending to be a 200 year old man with no understanding of modern technology whatsoever).
Also, a big Hi Jean to any old-time Beck insiders out there  :)
@_date: 2014-04-14 23:22:05
Do you know how many wallets carry balances, or balances greater than .0001 BTC? It would be great to see the number of active users increase.
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:05:33
He has enduring popularity worldwide. I loved Rowan's performance in the Olympic opening ceremony, and a lot of his show's segments are on Youtube. It's classic well-made comedy that only the British can do.
@_date: 2014-10-06 13:12:40
There was a Russian Bitcoin convention a while ago. I believe it wasn't very big, but usually they arn't big anyway.
@_date: 2014-04-09 07:19:07
You may want to read up on trademark law, and please don't assume that everything involving government is somehow a run towards the nanny state.  Trademarking a symbol ensures that no one else can trademark it - so it's protective. We wouldn't want some patent/trademark troll to trademark (or buy an existing trademark of) a very similar symbol and then sue the Bitcoin Foundation for infringement. It also ensures that any random idiot couldn't create "bjtcoin" which is 50% pre-mined, stick the bitcoin symbol on it, and hope to confuse a few people who don't spend their time examining every letter of every word that they ever read.   And yes, everyone makes assumptions or overlooks things when reading. This post has at least 3 grammatical flaws that could significantly change meanings, but hopefully that has not slowed any readers - they see around it, automatically make assumptions, and have enough time to do other things. It's just how humans work.
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:46:01
The above is right.   F1 hits a better demographic, is FAR more cutting-edge than NASCAR, and has the wider audience.  However, it would really need to be a bitcoin-focused company to do the sponsorship. Lotus would be cool, plus their car this year isn't one of the really ugly ones, and a logo will stand out better on their paintwork.  Williams could also be a decent choice. Personally, I have a soft spot for Marussia: they are the underdogs, had 10th place stolen from them at the end of 2012, and finally managed to beat Caterham despite having a much lower budget.
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:37:45
OKCoin has been my preferred exchange for nearly 9 months. I met some of the company leaders in Chicago, and they are highly focused and have access to significant resources to help both their company and the Bitcoin community in general.
I arbitrage Bitcoin semi-professionally, and operate across a dozen or so exchanges. It was my preferred exchange even when it was all in Chinese. BitFinex is also good, as well as btc-e. Most of the others have siginificantly higher fees, or lack unique or useful features. OkCoin is not perfect, but they have one of the best systems and are the most professional exchange based outside the US.
@_date: 2014-07-31 16:48:14
If you want some help luring him in, like of a screenshot of an account with a balance of at least a few BTC, i'd be willing to create one and make the screenshot for you. If anyone here has dozens/hundreds of BTC and is willing to do it, they would be even better.
Also, you could follow his instructions exactly but get tragically (fake) hijacked by one of those browser plugins that changes the receiving address. It would be hilarious if his scamming income was taken by some other scammer.
@_date: 2014-04-18 13:40:45
I strongly recommend that you appoint a Board of Directors of some sort and give them the responsibility of determining the direction of the company. EDIT: Or, appoint a Board to direct everything (especially software) that may have been 'liberated' from the company on the way out, and start a new company with the employees who are willing to participate. If your software is valuable (and especially if it is in a condition functional enough for real-world use, even if not perfectly complete), that is quite rare in the bitcoin world.
Also, this is a textbook example of **the importance of separating company funds from personal funds**. It seems that Danny was completely incapable of doing this, and this always leads to disaster. Establish assets for the company; if it cannot survive with its assets, you can re-evaluate the business plan or decide to pull the plug. But when management combines personal and company bank accounts, they may have the best intentions in the world but are completely incapable of spotting or resolving any problem.
@_date: 2014-04-15 23:02:53
And your hair.
@_date: 2014-03-31 23:08:56
It would be easier to implement a custom-designed prescription system than to build a new system that uses the blockchain. I assume that many countries or companies already have a widespread dedicated system.
@_date: 2014-09-21 21:10:11
Is it pertfectly safe? No
Is it the safest 3rd party service? Not quite.
Is it still pretty good? Yeah, Coinbase is definitely a pretty good place to keep coins, all things considered. They have a good track record, a lot of venture capital funding, and a good name in the community.
Is it better to keep coins online or offline? That depends on a lot of factors. People have had excellent cold wallets stored in their safe, only to have the safe stolen. Some have had other copies of the private key so they could move the coins, but for others their backup copy was stolen as well and the coins are a complete loss.
If you really want your money to be safe, keep it in a bank account. Those are FDIC insured (and the banks pre-pay that insurance), so even if the bank goes bankrupt the money is still safe.
@_date: 2014-09-03 17:41:27
Generally speaking yes they are available and are useful, but with caveats.
Any fire-protective material, to the best of my knowledge (I'm not an expert or even an enthusiast), has a specification measuring how long it will protect against fire. Anything can be burned if you try hard enough.
Fire resistant materials are simply "very good" at reflecting heat away. Given long enough and a large amount of heat, the contents inside will be damaged.
@_date: 2014-05-20 19:13:21
A single sell order will not hold down the price to any significant extent, unless liquidity is extremely low or that order is absolutely massive (probably thousands of coins). We have had low liquidity, but the fact that some sell wall came down is rather irrelevant. A person with that much coin can probably sell at a variety of exchanges - and why they would put that much in a single order is beyond me.
If some so-called sell wall came down, that actually means that someone (or many people) decided to buy large amounts of coins. That's what moves the market. It is just as accurate to say that a buy wall was formed above the price of the sell wall - as that would consume the sell orders.
@_date: 2014-05-13 00:27:52
Yes, but how many people actually send large amounts of bitcoin internationally? Bitcoin is ideal for remittances, but that requires someone in the receiver's country to be willing to buy the bitcoin at a fair price. And that buyer can't simply take it to the US or Europe to sell it - that would be very expensive to do, and it would mean that their fiat was in the US/Europe in the first place and they had to pay the currency conversion fees for the fiat that they bought the bitcoin with - which is exactly what the original transaction was to avoid.
@_date: 2014-08-07 12:29:10
True. But, that email address could be linked to any other crompromised account online to find a phone number. Or, if your email addressnis on facebook or linkedIn, you may also have your phone number on those sites.
Email addeesses are great for being unique. Unfortunately, that also ties all info linked to it anywhere into a single identity.
@_date: 2014-02-23 03:54:52
My thoughts exactly.
@_date: 2014-03-28 01:17:27
With the historic resilience of bitcoin, and the relatively low importance of the Chinese market in the December crash, I am surprised that the coin is dropping as much as it is.
At least this time we know that there is significant Bitcoin activity in China, as its less likely that non-Chinese users would dominate exchanges that are written only in Chinese.
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:58:11
The line "I forget" protects you, I'd assume. 
Also, that article says he was sent to jail for refusing to decrypt. That's a different situation from being sent to jail for other crimes, and refusing to decrypt something that has already been determined by the court to be ill-gotten or illegal material.
@_date: 2014-03-28 21:11:43
If there was such a formula, the entire finance speculation industry would end. Just to give you an example of why one can't exist: What is the start point? Should you start at the first bitcoin transaction, or the price on the day with the most trades, or the price exactly one year ago? Even minor adjustments to the start date will radically change any formula's output.
@_date: 2014-02-26 03:03:18
I think Coinbase is still the fastest and best in the US. CampBX has been good to me, but their relationship with their bank has ended and it is now more expensive to move funds in or out.  I do not know how much effort they have put into finding a new banking partner, but I have reasons to believe that they are not jumping at every chance that comes their way  - I have not heard back from a polite offer I sent them to help put them in touch with the right people at a regional bank, but that bank could have been their prior bank, or there may be other legitimate reasons.
I keep my coins across several exchanges and wallets.  The long list of passwords is a bit difficult to manage.
@_date: 2014-12-20 03:57:19
So true. He followed the laws to the maximum extent that the authorities would let him follow it. He was in uncharted waters, making the path for the rest of us. Unfortunately, he was the first to learn that a self-serving authority claimed ownership of the waters ahead, and would attack without warning.
Such is the hazard of a broken system. Such is the crime that the authories commit.
@_date: 2014-08-29 23:35:30
Congrats Charlie!  How soon can you go back to the normal life of promoting Bitcoin and traveling around the world?
I was hoping they would drop all charges (and preferably do so a year ago), but money transmitter license issues are par for the course in the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2014-04-16 05:04:35
Where are my bitcoins, and where is my fiat? 
If Mt Gox no longer has them, then the customers should press criminal charges against Karpeles and any other management responsible. We were not investors who accept risk in exchange for profit - we were customers, and customers do not receive a company's profit and are not supposed to be subject to that company's risk. The sheer amount of negligence in this entire process is staggering.
I know that some customers sent fiat into Mt Gox in it's last few days, because they didn't believe that bitcoins could simply vanish and wanted to buy them cheaply. How has Mt. Gox managed to lose that fiat as well? Mt. Gox had effectively ceased all operations by that time, so what did they spend the money on?
@_date: 2014-03-28 20:21:07
If you Google the address on the website, you find that the company seems to share the office suite with this company:
(though that business may be closed, I can't find their own web domain)
And also shares the office with:
I'm not saying it's a sting, it would just be too obvious to run it out of a private security office and provide the address. But, I wouldn't try it.
@_date: 2014-03-25 21:23:29
He also collected fees on the outside-of-gox part of the transaction, but I believe his post after the collapse said/implied that he converted them to Gox btc because he didn't expect the collapse either.
A lot of us didn't expect the collapse because coins have to go somewhere.  They only disappear if you lose the private key, which even Gox isn't incompetent enough to do.  We expected that, if 5% or more of all bitcoins were leaking, someone would have noticed. If Gox accidentally leaked that many coins to me, I'd send at least 99% of them back - 7k free coins is more than I'd ever need.  I'd send them back because Gox would eat the 1% loss, all customer funds would be safe, and I prefer that I not get killed if I ever try to spend the coins. I think a lot of people would do the same thing.
@_date: 2014-04-18 14:17:13
Good for Walmart, they are in an excellent position to do this. Actually, major retail (everyday consumer) banks or drugstores are in an even better position to do this, as they tend to be better located within suburbs. But banks have only very recently entered the idea of effecient online money transfers. Mine will allow me to send money to people with an account at the same bank. Also, they will let me 'deposit' a check online just by sending a photo of it, so I could technically have someone write me a check and then send me a picture.
I greatly dislike Walmart's low salaries and lack of benefits for employees, which is why I shop at Target (until they got hacked). However, they have excellent quality control over their products and have put earlier department stores to shame in both product quality and price. Everything that I have purchased at Walmart or Target has worked exactly like it should, but things I have bought from stores like Sears are usually returned in about a week.
@_date: 2014-04-18 22:18:02
It is great that you provide so much help and support to the entire bitcoin community, it has a wonderful effect for everyone. As you know, your name carries a lot of influence, and based on your post I would say that recently you have been protecting it very well by not associating with things outside your control.
It is possible that Danny started Neo &amp; Bee with genuine and good intentions, but he was horrible at separating his own funds from the company funds. This can cause people to descend into a rabbit hole of fraud and failures as they commit more, and avoid confronting the actual issues that destroy the company.
Bitcoin companies need capable and diligent managers. Additionally, many excellent financial auditing firms can provide a huge value using traditional accounting procedures. These firms have legal liability if they fail due diligence, so their words carry incredible weight. Every publicly traded company in the United States is required to hire an external firm for regular audits. I seem to be one of few people in Bitcoin with a financial education and background, so maybe this sparseness of financial and accounting people is a reason that this is not a common practice.
EDIT: Auditing firms can conduct a "qualified" audit of a company, meaning that there are some aspects which are not audited because either those must be kept secret (like certain military contract work) or the auditor cannot verify or understand it. For an example of an auditor's statement: [the 2011 audit of microsoft](
@_date: 2014-02-26 02:34:54
This sounds fairly normal to me.  As Gox did a lot of its business in the US (probably most of its business actually), it is subject to US laws with regard to how it treats US customers.  Gox entered US jurisdiction, not the other way around.
Also, it seems that Japanese authorities have not done anything, so this may lead to the best explanation of what happened.  Gox won't release any info on its own that the community could benefit from - they've proven they won't release anything even when they were solvent - so hopefully we can get some answers.
@_date: 2014-04-09 21:33:54
What is the existing BTC currency? Bhutan uses BTN. XBT only follows naming standards for precious metals, which bitcoin very much is not. BTC is open for our use.
@_date: 2014-08-31 17:09:34
Bot builder here.
The easiest way to make an error like this is to forget where the fees happen in the transaction. A bot can send an order saying "buy 1 BTC at $500 per BTC", but the maker should know whether the price of $500/BTC includes the transaction fee, or doesn't include it. Otherwise, his math will be off. Also, it's easy to get the basic math wrong - divide by 1.002 or multiply by .998. The equation to place the order is the simplest one in the entire program, so it's possible to overlook.
Testing is standard practice in software development, so the maker should have compared the bot's orders to orders that are calculated by hand. It's possible to be overconfident and ignore this step.
@_date: 2014-05-25 17:53:34
I'm going to read your entire post a 2nd time later, when I have more time to retrace and verify all the claims.  That is some amazingly good work you've done.
When any of the customer coins are returned, if your analysis is correct (and it certainly appears to be), I want give you 5% of what I get back. It's not a large amount, but hopefully other people do similar and you get a fair compensation for your work.
@_date: 2014-08-06 22:25:28
There's actually a large amount of political back-patting in that industry.
Many of the legal fees associated with real estate title investigations and insurance are at levels specified by the state or county gkvernment. If a politician wanta a few extra votes, those allowed fee amounts can increase a bit during election years.
If the blockchain could store several kb of custom data per transaction (or at least with a large transaction), it would be possible to do about half of a mortgage and home purchase via the blockchain - specifically, the portion of the documents that can be signed digitally. The most important documents, like the Deed and Note, still require ink-on-paper to be legally binding and may well require it for decades. Its a very traditional industry. And I literally mean ink-on-paper makes it legally binding. If your bank loses the signed original Note, they will have an almighty hell of a time taking you to court if you stop making payments, and it would be hugely expensive and time consuming for them to get anything out of it. (For those not aware, the Note is the document that the borrower signs in which they promise to pay back the loan.)
Source: I used to work in that industry.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:23:56
I agree with how you feel. It's not that money should justify a hit, it's the utter irresponsibility and damage that a company knowingly inflicted upon its customers. That is unforgivable, and too many companies get away with harming their customers.
@_date: 2014-04-16 02:52:54
It would take individual miners a very, very long time to generate a block and finally move their coins. A mining pool would be able to do it within a few hours, if the entire pool is in on it. The idea is NOT to lock the coins away forever, that would be counter-productive, and disastrous for any person who reversed a transaction for a legitimate reason - such as failure of a company to deliver goods that were purchased with bitcoin (like certain ASIC producers, or perhaps to stop a transaction into a Mt Gox account). The point is to ask "Are you really sure? It may lock your account for a little while". The network can't administrate this stuff and decide what is and is not a legitimate reversal, that's what credit card companies do and charge a premium for. The network can, however, put up small barriers so that reversals will only be done when needed. It's not perfect, but it's not supposed to be - it's free.
You can reverse charges on your credit card too. It's just inconvenient (and illegal to do it fraudulently), and that does prevent a lot of people from trying it unless they have a good reason. People are highly responsive to convenience.
@_date: 2014-10-06 13:17:28
Is bearwhale related to ManBearPig?
@_date: 2014-04-16 03:01:05
You'd be surprised how much they don't care about "missing the train". Online payments? Banks missed the train, Paypal and credit card companies got all of it. Sure you might have your credit card through your bank, but you don't see an option on any website that includes "Pay with Visa, Mastercard, Paypal, or Bank Of America".
@_date: 2014-06-01 17:36:39
Could you bring me the iPhone 11S from the future?  The iPhone X would be OK if that's the only one available.
@_date: 2014-08-15 00:31:22
Ummm, Bitcoin is very much anti-QE. QE means "print more money" (which technically Bitcoin is doing at quite a rate right now), but in theory Bitcoin's finite money supply would make QE impossible.
That is, unless a government held a large portion of bitcoins and decided to release them as the form of QE - but that's really just called "spending".
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:39:21
Why not? You don't expect a smart person to be a genius all the time, do you?
Also, there is little reason to believe that the account was hacked and that the post was by anyone other than Satoshi. Satoshi could be Dorian, but might not be. Either way, both Satoshi and Dorian have denied it - but Satoshi would have done that anyway.
So, if Satoshi really is found, both Satoshi's will deny it. And if an incorrect Satoshi is found, both Satoshi's can deny it if they decide to.
@_date: 2014-12-10 17:54:09
I can see what you mean, but I'd say its not ideal.
Its a bit like calling a car a "horseless carriage". Technically correct (the best kind of correct), but really a blockchain is a blockchain, and should be called as such, rather than identified as just some variation.
@_date: 2014-08-08 17:23:13
That could be the correct implication of this. The suggestion of just sending the block headers around has been made many times, but actually getting that to work was a more difficult issue. This, if I understand correctly, allows for shortened version to be sent, but without losing the ability to verify the new block.
I think this avoids the 'something for nothing' problem (trying to fit 100kb into 10kb of memory, basically) by mathematically not caring about many potential options. This allows for an error rate, but the error rate can be kept very small.
@_date: 2014-04-07 20:42:55
I would love if the picture showed every person simultaneously checking their phones. 
That moment when you are texting someone and realize they are within speaking range. Priceless. 
Now, where can I buy a This Is Actually Good News t-shirt?
@_date: 2014-04-19 02:27:20
So did I. I didn't realize there are so many trolls around. Andreas isn't out to harm anyone. They could find despicable people to troll if they wanted to.
@_date: 2014-07-27 19:06:34
If you update your API again, please ensure that it stays backwards-compatible. Changing the address caused a lot of problems for existing websites, and developers tend to treat APIs as tools that, once connected, never need to be checked again. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 02:24:32
I saw it too. I'm not sure how authentic it is - why would the company put this all in writing?  Who did write the paper? And who did they write it for?  Anyone inside Gox would know of insolvency if this paper was being written. Those are reasons to doubt the paper.
On the other hand, the rapid price drop (again, and now in spite of the fact that money went in due to bitcoinbuilder), halt of all trading, and the twitter deletion are reasons to think the company is folding.
But how could the cold wallet be empty? SOMEONE would have noticed. Real banks look at their cash reserves every minute, and it is a big factor behind why anything happens inside banks. For this to go unnoticed would be unbelievable, as someone would need to move coins from the cold wallet to the hot wallet.
So, all the signs from Gox add up to insolvency, the paper is suspicious so it could go either way, and logic says Gox is solvent because it isn't entirely stupid.   Conclusion? I have no idea.
@_date: 2014-04-09 01:48:21
I hope those offline storage devices are in different locations. At some point I may make a heavily encrypted cold wallet on a flash drive and store it in a safety deposit box. I may have very subtle and unknowable-to-anyone-else password hints included with it. 
In my mind, half the risk is that someone steals the bitcoins, the other half is that I lose access to them and they are locked away forever. My safest scenario is that mine are "accessible with my permission" for anyone very determined to get them. If I get run over by a bus tomorrow, I don't want the coins to be lost forever.
My list of passwords is growing ridiculously long. I'm amazed that I can still recall 20 of them off the top of my head.
This isn't within bitcoin's protocol, but it would be an interesting idea: have a 'wallet' on an offline computer with an expanded version of a private key. This expanded private key could generate other keys and/or passwords that could each be used once (and only once) to withdraw from an actual wallet, and you could pre-generate keys that can withdraw only specific amounts of coin. I think this would combine hot and cold storage, as access to the offline machine (or a copy of it's expanded private key) is needed for large transactions, but the smaller wallet can function normally and have a few keys for small transactions stored/memorized in case the owner wants to use them. But, this is a lot like keeping separate hot and cold wallets with the normal bitcoin system
@_date: 2014-04-05 00:31:37
The source and context would be nice.
Also, "security"? What can that possibly mean? He should have access to the addresses. If the coins are there, the only reason I can think of to not publish the address is if someone else also, but unknowingly, has the private key - and they would realize they have it if they saw the public address. That is completely implausible.... Unless he grabbed a private key from the first page of  and thought that was a good idea.
@_date: 2014-04-07 02:19:16
"2 *famous* security experts with at least 10 years experience in bitcoin."
I don't think anyone with community credibility, much less fame, is willing to work with Mt. Gox. That's a bit like Enron looking for a new accountant, or Marlboro looking for a corporate doctor. And on top of that, Mark is so horrible at PR that he would squander any good publicity that a security expert could possibly bring.
Also, if Mark doesn't return customer funds and coins, he should be in prison along with Bernie Madoff. Running a company into the ground is one thing, but losing/stealing customer money is another thing entirely, and is absolutely illegal. I don't care what anyone says about "the person who has the private keys owns the coins", that is BS - the coins and fiat are the legal property of the account holders. If they are not returned, then Mark/Gox has stolen them from customers - it is that simple. Prison.
@_date: 2014-03-26 01:28:33
What exchanges did you use? And how much manual re-writing was needed so that the transactions would import correctly into the ledger? Do you purchase any products with the coins, or was it almost all cash/BTC conversions? Do you count a sale of bitcoins as income if you keep the fiat within the exchange? If you had any coins or fiat in Mt. Gox, how did you account for that?
Thanks, I plan to do the same process in a few days for my 2013 transactions. The 2014 transactions, however, may be a nightmare to organize.
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:54:51
We have a new revelation: SATOSHI NAKAMOTO IS THE STIG!  Who else could be such a mysterious, focused genius in plain sight?
@_date: 2014-05-14 03:52:51
I don't see how this is a big deal. They just include a mention that the potential employee may, at some point, look into the subject. And this is not a typical "Bank job" job description - normally banks don't ask someone to be a "Wrangler" and "fearless". In a bank, "fearless" is a BAD thing. This job description looks like it is aiming for the hip &amp; cool angle
I will agree that it's nice the bank acknowledges that bitcoin exists and may be worth a close look in the future, but really this is not news. We should be working towards bigger things.
Source: I've worked in the banking industry for several years. I know the traditional parts of that industry. I've not worked the type of job that is posted, but I have the skillset they are looking for.
@_date: 2014-07-27 18:17:13
The regulations, particularly section 200.9, prevents any existing investment company from investing in Bitcoin. It also prevents money transmitters from utilizing Bitcoin.
These two industries are the ones that will drive the price of Bitcoin up. If that section becomes law, we not only lose the potential future value, but also all the value that's built up in anticipation of Bitcoin being used for investments and international transfers.
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:21:28
It sure looks like more than the 1-per-second average.  There are a few potential causes.  It may be the continued splitting of the 180k that has been traced since yesterday.  Or it could be increased use of tumblers, gambling, or all of the above.
@_date: 2014-06-30 23:00:01
I trade on your site daily, and would not be bothered by a fee of around 0.05% at all, and even a fee of .1% is fine for my arbitrage uses. So if you do include a fee, please use one at that low level.
@_date: 2014-11-07 03:02:06
Ehh, bitcoin's not really banned. Just discouraged with legal force. Gray area. There's a lot of them in Russian law. Basically, just pay the bribes they expect you to pay, be nice to the people who demand that you be nice to them, and they'll let you go on your merry way in short order.
It's a half decent system if you're into that kind of thing.
@_date: 2014-03-25 04:27:36
Out of 90,000 users, only 355 bitcoin accounts remain unfunded?  That's pretty impressive. A large portion of the 90,000 accounts are probably inactive and have 0 balances, but still 355 users is a relatively small number.
It helps explain why they choose their crazy distribution system. The big people hopefully stay in and help them pay off the debt, the majority of people are satisfied, and a small number are an unhappy captive audience.
@_date: 2014-11-30 05:09:27
You'll get 2 blocks, maybe 3, before its out of gas.
@_date: 2014-03-28 01:12:00
How is this different from the news that was announced in December and caused that brief crash?
@_date: 2014-07-21 19:46:40
No. Blocking IPs also wont be enough for many uses. You would need to ensure that no cistomer ever wanders into NY wiile using your product, and that your product doesn't have a seconday market or anything that could be related to NY.
@_date: 2014-12-26 18:39:07
Well said! I see too many people insulting Buffet for saying Bitcoin isn't the investment for him. Its a difference of risk preference and portfolio management.
I like grapes more than pears. Is the pro-pear group going to call me an idiot, claim that I hate pears, and swear that I dont deserve to have a fruit preference at all? It would be a dumb response if they did.
@_date: 2014-02-26 05:14:45
Wow, that is a strange looking wallet.  Not only is each transaction doubled somewhere, but also each transaction has those repeated amounts and then the larger amounts in the same transaction are exactly 4 times as large. I guess it could be a mixing service, I cant think of any other reason to have transactions like that. I found a few other wallets through those links that are similar:    and 
@_date: 2014-05-04 18:32:52
As much as I love F1, I'm not about to put forward anywhere near enough coin to get a bitcoin logo on an F1 car, even if I'm only 1 out of 10,000 people to contribute.
If the entire communicating community chipped in, we might be able to get a logo on a Marussia or Caterham large enough to be seen on TV, for 1 or 2 races. I expect that prices for any ad with any team start at $10,000 and go up from there. Suppose a backfield car gets 10 million from their title sponsor, that's 500k per race. A logo on a sidepod may cost only 10% of that, but it's still 50k for a single 2-hour race.
Also, bitcoin seems to have its largest userbase (and thus expansion potential, because we need it to spread by word-of-mouth to explain it) in the US, where F1 isn't really popular.
@_date: 2014-04-07 01:56:22
Do you know where the name comes from? That is kinda weird too.
@_date: 2014-02-25 02:45:02
Guys, Gox.com is registered to Karpeles, and according to  the registration was changed or updated yesterday (which could mean someone else had it and Karpeles just bought it). It does redirect to mt gox, but as of the Google cache from February 18th it was owned by Booth.com and used only as an investment (squatter, basically).
I think the rumors are true, that Gox is completely insolvent and everything there is gone.
Karpeles will probably be dead by this time next week.
@_date: 2014-09-07 17:08:42
So the resale value is predictable, but the re-resale value is great! No depreciation for the 2nd owner.
@_date: 2014-12-01 21:34:52
True, and agreed. On the other hand, currency conversion kiosks in airports have similar conversion&amp;fee margins and lack of clarity.
@_date: 2014-04-16 00:52:51
Maybe, maybe not.  They still need to send those coins to the tumbler.  If the majority of miners on the network refuse all transactions from the outgoing address, then the coins would never reach the tumbler.   Coins can be forced to sit in an address forever if the network doesn't allow them to leave.
@_date: 2014-08-21 02:47:01
This is why I think that it would be interesting (though not practical) to devise a coin where mining is done mostly by sending/receiving and verifying transactions (including empty transactions), rather than processing power. The chief advantage of this is that an increase in difficulty means an increase in bandwidth, and therefore the network can accommodate more transactions. There would be tons of problems with such a protocol, and foulplay is way too easy, but the upside is that any solution to these problems which depends on a massive amount of bandwidth is actually a good thing - that's the point of the protocol. It's an interesting intellectual exercise, if nothing else.
@_date: 2014-04-23 00:48:39
Here is a good response:
"I acquired the coins by mining and as business income.  I'm depositing some of the proceeds to cover my business expenses."
Banks are required to ask these questions. They don't really want to - they don't like losing customers - but federal regulations can require it. The actual requirement is subject to a wide range of interpretation, and each bank has their own interpretation. 
For all we know, the bank may offer you a good deal on a business account.
@_date: 2014-03-26 16:28:57
It would be very useful if we could compare the pros and cons of each the currency and property arguments. We probably cannot argue for a best of both worlds hybrid status, but if the community can at least decide which option it prefers, we would at least have some guidance.
@_date: 2014-12-02 20:07:54


You are a very wise man   :)
@_date: 2014-09-04 13:40:45
Yep, this is what Bitcoin is made for. All you need to do is contact a company named Bitpay and set up an account with them. When you receive Bitcoin from your customer, they will convert it to cash for you and deposit it into your bank account.
Your customer needs to buy Bitcoin, but that should be fairly easy for them because Russia has a distributed payments system and there are several companies that allow low-fee purchases from exchanges like btc-e. Once they purchase the coins, they can send them to your wallet that Bitpay helps you with, and after that the transaction is complete.
@_date: 2014-04-16 14:14:24
If you don't mind sharing the information, what do you plan to do if you are unable to make bitcoin transfers but would want them to be sent?  I'm trying to find procedures or services that would be able to transfer my bitcoins if I become incapacitated (or worse), but all security systems that I know of simply make the coins impossible for anyone else to access. None of them consider the risk that the coins may be lost forever just because I am unable to authorize a transfer.
I have considered keeping instructions in a safety deposit box (too expensive, and the physical key is just another thing to lose) or in a will (too risky). Cloud storage depends too much on companies that probably have a shorter lifespan than I will.
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:54:31
Interesting. But, you would need to encrypt the response from the remote server too, to ensure that it's not replaced by a fed-created one.
Also, preferably have a handful of servers that can validate. Redundancy.
@_date: 2014-04-17 15:36:55
I did something very similar - except I didn't have cash because none of my ATM cards worked, despite my bank claiming they would work perfectly well. This is a country where you shouldn't take hundreds of dollars of cash with you, so I effectively had about $50 for two weeks in a cash-based economy.
Another traveler at my hotel happened to be an early investor in bitcoin. Within 10 minutes I had several hundred dollars and he had a bit more bitcoin. A few days latter I was able to get more cash via Western Union, for a fee, and only with the help of AmEx because the Western Union website would only ever render in the local version with a language I can't read and an inability to accept my US banking details.
Bitcoin allowed me to start enjoying my vacation. That is worth a lot.
@_date: 2014-07-09 04:47:11
Then would you care to enlighten us?
@_date: 2014-08-29 23:47:15
Nice!  That only looks like a practice test and it may be from a 3rd party source, but does it mean that bitcoin (or "E-cash") is part of the CPA knowledgebase now?
@_date: 2014-07-18 14:33:53
Ill do a simple OK/No categorization.
Background checks for employees: OK. It's standard business procedure anyway.
Fingerprints to the FBI: No. Hell no. GTF out of my offce, hell no. The FBI can have the identifying info of the company founders/owners, but tax authorities have that anyway, and it will be useful in case of fraud. Fingerprints are useless for this.
Bond held with the state: No. Audited financial statements and proof of account reserves are enough.
Written approval of all new activities: No. Very, very few companies need written approval from the govrnment to start new activities. Bitcoin businesses would be held back for years by this.
10 years of records: OK, i can go with this, but give a littke bit of assistance. If i was running the company, I'd be OK with submitting encrypted annual records and letting the goverment be responsivle for storing them, and then Id only need to store the key and can decrypt them individually if needed.
Inactive accouts: No, get out of my office.
@_date: 2014-04-03 07:21:40
It's not China, really. The price is falling because it is becoming easier to spend bitcoins and bring merchants into the ecosystem, but it has not become much easier to buy them or bring new owners in. I have a short post about this at 
And the very credible CEO of gyft.com has a better, longer post at 
@_date: 2014-03-19 23:24:49
I'm considering it too. But, I how my iphone and ipad back each other up so perfectly, automatically.
I don't like Google's "Use the same account and your real name for everything" policy, especially when some things cannot be configured like that. It is a pain (and really a hack) to synchronize Authenticator across several devices.
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:41:27
Definitely get your lawyer involved (make sure you have a proactive one), and maybe contact whatever elected politicians have influence over the police force. Let them know immediately that they confiscated your completely legitimate business AND all the evidence that would be usable as your legal defense.
Look into filing charges to recoup the cost of your lost work too.
@_date: 2014-07-12 20:52:47
Actually, systems already in place allow for global 2-way communication anywhere on the globe; they just need some configuration and cost-of-usage decreases. That system is the satellite phone and Iridium satellite 'constellation', which have total coverage of the globe.
The only thing holding this back is the huge cost of using the system. The Irigium Go, which connects to the satellites and broadcasts a local wifi (so you can use smartphones or whatever else) costs $800, and the contract to use it is quite expensive - about $1 per minute of data usage. On the other hand, I've seen significantly higher rates for international cellphone calls from conventional cell companies.
@_date: 2014-03-09 14:03:23
The post does say that the transaction happened in Japan, so it would be natural that the purchaser is Japanese. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 04:01:20
Open Bazaar will lead the way from now on. There's no way to stop the anonymous and the ingenious.
Ideas can't be killed, only concealed, hidden from sight while they grow and fester, until they consume their veil and explode into the world.
@_date: 2014-03-02 04:40:42
I am planning to spend some more time (if I ever get any) deciphering the overall design.  A problem with software design in general is that it's almost impossible to get a "big picture" idea on a single page that accurately describes the underlying code.
It's a big project. I just want to find a way that I could translate any effort I put in, into a resume-friendly item that I could show to a future employer (where i could get better pay and hours so I can focus more on bitcoin!).
@_date: 2014-12-09 03:29:58
If you can organize a mining operation and make a living off Bitcoin, then you're certainly smart and hardworking enough to deserve a better job than that. I discovered similar for myself when I spent a few months making a living purely from my homemade arbitrage program, before I found a better fulltime job.
I just wanted to give you a heads-up that you have a better future ahead of you, and you deserve to be treated (and paid) better.
@_date: 2014-07-30 15:34:30
You speak the truth. I vacationed there last winter (winter in the US was a bitch; I wanted warmth). My camera could not capture the colors and vibrance of the country. Colombia, especially the nicer parts, is such a nice place to be. The country isnt free of problems of course, but I didnt get any of the "Marry me and take me back with you" stuff that Ive run into in other developing countries. 
Im convinced that every Colombian is proud to be Colombian, and they dont want to leave.
And in case anyone's wondering, no I didnt try any drugs. They're not my thing. Had a few opportunities to, but there really isnt any reason to use hard drugs if life is going well and you're enjoying yourself. Agua dente (a local hard liquor) can mess a dude up pretty well though. If I can be a world traveler, I hope to go back often, particularly during the winter months.
@_date: 2014-08-01 18:35:23
No, that IS the advice that is given for stock market investing.
The advice for gambling is "don't bother trying in the first place."
@_date: 2014-08-17 02:12:19
Very hard to do. New York's laws apply to anyone if they make a transaction while in New York. A New Jersey resident could easily have a valid account, but if they access it while they are in New York, then Coinbase is in violation of New York law. 
It's not as easy as geographic blocking. Phone access will just use the nearest cell tower, regardless of state, and the Coinbase website can't filter out a user in New York using a New Jersey tower. An app could at least check the exact location of the user, but only if the user allows it, but still a lot of users will just go to the website.
@_date: 2014-04-16 06:21:01
That's what worries me. There is great value in having a consistent product or brand, and Bitcoin is exactly that (people can debate my word choice, but people who know bitcoin will not confuse it with litecoin or dogecoin - thus bitcoin is a clear and distinct name/brand). These sidechains allow great diversification and innovation, but they also may dilute the entire bitcoin concept. 
What if one sidechain becomes very popular and eventually most bitcoins in existence transfer to it? This may not cause any technical or computer problems, but what would we call those branched bitcoins that are no longer exactly bitcoins?
And for merchants, it is easy for them to accept only 1 type of bitcoin. If they suddenly need a set of conversions for dozens of sidechains, that would be a problem.
This is why Apple has a clear, consistent, straightforward product line. They are able to charge a premium because of it, and they do not need to diversify their product like Google has done with Android.
@_date: 2014-04-15 22:55:31
There is a business lesson in this. Don't try to launch a huge product, service, and system all at once if you are a small company. Make and release products bit by bit so you gain experience and competency.
Also, have enough funds to be able to operate your business for several months after opening day.
@_date: 2014-05-03 13:14:27
It is a moderate issue.
But why should we create a moderate problem, when we could have no problem at all? We are implementing a new part of the system, it's our job to avoid as many potential problems as possible.
The makers of the first cars didn't say "Two wheels is enough to get around, just like on bicycles. Balance isn't a big problem, people will figure it out, and so what if a few fools crash in the process?" No, they saw that they could implement a better setup, so that's exactly what they did!
@_date: 2014-04-03 06:21:26
Avoid the page in the link. Read the post at it's original source:
I tried to read the article in the title link, but a blinking Andrew Maguire on the right side of the page is the most distracting thing I have seen for weeks. I really hate websites that require the user to push a third of the window off-screen just to read the content (re-sizing the page doesn't help).
@_date: 2014-07-07 13:14:46
Some people like to deposit paper paychecks the old-fashioned way. This seems more common in areas that happen to have charming bank tellers and lots of single men.
Someone should do a study on that. ;)
@_date: 2014-05-10 12:59:59
Can you also give a summary of your resume?
How many years have you worked in investment banking, and how many years in your current position? Is the bank in US, Europe, or elsewhere? Are you in a management position?  What is your education background?   It could be helpful to add this to the original post.
@_date: 2014-03-23 01:20:13
Anyone with the ability to run a highly profitable arbitrage system in bitcoin will NOT need investors. The TL;DR reason is: there is so little trade in bitcoin that any capital in excess of $100,000 would consume most arbitrage opportunities. 
I am running an arbitrage program that I have made. I have very little capital in it, and I have never requested outside investment. Extra money from investors would be very, very useful, and it could greatly enhance the returns from my platform, and I could focus more on developing it.
I can tell you from experience that consistent daily returns of .1% to 10%  from arbitrage are not possible. They simply are not. Upwards of 80% (probably 95%) of the value change in the investment capital will be due to overall market movements, and about half of the market movement is downwards. If the market moves downwards, the arbitrage system will not make a profit. There is only 1 scenario where it could make profit, and that is not happening right now.
Also, ANY arbitrage system that has existed for more than 2 months will, almost certainly, have suffered huge losses in the Mt. Gox collapse. I lost about 40% there - that's part of how arbitrage works.
Finally, any entity with the ability to quickly and efficiently move money across borders would have far more than the $100,000 capital limit in the TL;DR reason. In fact, they would have enough money that they would not bother to develop an arbitrage system at all. If someone says they are able to move money across exchanges and borders, they will need to prove it. I would want to see their transactions announced at the moment they make those transactions.
At some point in the future I may open my system and allow people to see it work. If I asked anyone to invest, I would only accept investments above $5,000 (it's too time-consuming to manage many small investors), and the investors would have all my personal and direct contact information. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 16:00:10
Here's the rule when working with government employees: don't leave a bad impression, and don't give them any reason to be suspicious. Chances are that someone else will look over their work, so they need to resolve any loose ends that appear. 
No matter what the situation is, ALWAYS be polite, and be helpful where/when you are comfortable helping them.
The correlation between "rude and obstructive" and "conducting illegal activity" is very very high, and the government knows this. They will act accordingly.
@_date: 2014-04-04 07:22:21
Can we, as a group, put a fraction of a btc together and hire someone to properly translate documents?  We don't need super-accurate translations, we just need something more readable than Google Translate.  Considering the value fluctuation every time 'bad' news is released, it would be relatively cheap for us to scrape together the money to actually read the news.
@_date: 2014-05-14 04:01:15
Actually, you'll be better off if you DO say that you heard about it on Reddit. It may actually help move your cover letter to the top of the stack if you start with "I found this position through the Bitcoin subreddit". That's what I would start with. The bank is aiming for a hip &amp; cool angle. 
For comparison, a cover letter to Google would be AMAZING if it started with "Did you know that, if you wrote pi in base 64, the digits from 634,581 through 634,586 spell out 'Google'?" 
If anyone is applying to Google and you make an algorithm that actually does find Google's name in some base of pi, please let me know how the job interview goes. I would love to hear about it. (my example isn't actually true, it's just an example). Alternatively, you could pick a much higher digit, claim you found it mostly through crazy good luck, and just hope that they don't dedicate the computer power to verify if it's actually true.
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:08:20
If you have any evidence that those coins are now lost forever, then you SHOULD be able to claim them on insurance. They have a very clear market value, and if you still have the address then you could just provide that address and say "charge me with insurance fraud if the coins ever move out of this address".
@_date: 2014-08-26 21:42:51
Some banks offer "keep the change" debit/credit accounts, and it does exactly that: round off every purchase to the nearest dollar and put the extra amount into a savings account. It's a decent enough way for people to save a bit of money without trying.
I don't see a reason that a wallet couldn't include a feature to send 1% extra (or however much the user desires) to a cold wallet savings. Sending the change transaction to the waet could be problematic, as it depends so much on the size of the incoming transactions.
@_date: 2014-02-21 08:23:58
Who is the person in the trenchcoat in the video? Is he a police officer, translator, or the owner of the building?  Also, someone please post a video recording of the entire discussion if they have it.
EDIT: The link contains a donation address, which will help cover Kolin's flight cost from London to Japan (and he started the entire protest). I donated a little bit, so I encourage everyone who has an extra .05, .01, or even .001 BTC (that's not in Gox) to send them a little helping hand.
@_date: 2014-07-31 15:01:02
A few months ago during the China nonsense I wrote a topic explaining that we should stop focusing on China and instead focus on the untapped South American market. The first half dozen comments were direct insults and personal criticisms, calling me greedy for wanting to "exploit" poor people in South America, when exploitation was the exact opposite of the suggestion.
It is nice to be right. And I learned that sometimes trolls post the earliest responses.
@_date: 2014-10-30 03:01:23
Well a turing-complete language can be used to implement anything that can ever be written in computer code.
Efficiency and processing speed, on the other hand, would be very low. Also, any outside data used by the formulas is never 100% reliable, and it's not possible to reliably write a formula that will collect information in the future, because the information may not exist at the anticipated location. So, the limits are all practical.
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:33:39
Ummm, no. Just no. It's not like that at all.
@_date: 2014-11-12 01:21:29
Gnome can file a petition or complaint to prevent the new trademarks from being registered. This process apparently can become expensive, especially because Groupon has filed for several trademarks and each needs to be contested.
The USPTO page about the process is at 
Even if the existing organization didn't file a protest, the proposed trademark may be rejected. But, if it gets through and is registered, it is a MUCH more complicated and expensive process to have that trademark withdrawn after the fact. The Trademark office and Patent Office are the same agency, which helps explains the legal difficulties and costs of the process.
It is possible for two companies to both have a trademarked name, as long as they are in different businesses - Apple Records (of The Beatles fame) and Apple Computer are probably the most famous example.
@_date: 2014-07-02 09:43:51
It sounds to me like there were some vulnerabilities in the system, and on this occasion the planets aligned just right to let the hackers slip through and get 100 BTC. Requiring manual verification by phone to send the coins is a good (if cumbersome) idea, but it has the problem of human error - which seems to be the case here.
@_date: 2014-08-01 03:36:21
Leeeroy Jeeeennnkiiiinnnnss!
/obligatory (he was on a Jeapordy question years ago)
@_date: 2014-03-16 19:16:08
Most of it is due to speculation. However, a portion of that speculation is "I bet this will be useful tomorrow", rather than "I bet this will be more valuable tomorrow". The difference is that the first type is applicable to fiat as well and is more akin to confidence than speculation. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:17:19
I read that doc around 2 hours before the site went down.  I might have been one of the earliest readers of the leaked copy.  But, the doc did predict the shutdown, and accurately described the purchase of gox.com (which was info publicly available, but not many people knew about it - it would be unusual to find that in a fake).    So, I had my doubts at first, but the evidence says that the doc is authentic.
@_date: 2014-05-18 12:55:49
I'm always amazed by the huge volume dips each and every weekend. I do most of my shopping and trading over the weekend.
@_date: 2014-04-04 07:00:15
I assure you, they will not close your mortgage account. There are only 2 ways to close a mortgage account that is not paid off: either tell the borrower that the debt is forgiven and no money is owed anymore, or tell the borrower that the entire balance of the mortgage is due in a few weeks (this is "calling the mortgage", and many mortgages do NOT have the provision which allows this without some extraordinarily good reason (like "if this isn't a good reason, the judge will rip me a new one and we will lose millions in regulatory fees" type of reason)). No bank would do either.
If a bank tried to call my loan early without a reason and it would cause financial problems for me, I'd tell them that I'll see them in court, and keep making the regular scheduled payments. If they tried to put anything negative on my credit report, i would write the state attorney general and let him rip the bank a new one.   For banks, the legal regulations are gospel. I know this from experience.
@_date: 2014-09-18 18:43:22
Looking at those payouts, no one should take those bets, either for or against. The payout ratio is really, really bad if I read it correctly.
@_date: 2014-04-14 02:37:27
OP, since you like security so much, I assume you also have backup drives. You may want to think about those.
Also, there's not much harm in having a digital backup encrypted with a separate password. Even if you forget the password, it's only one of several backups.
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:39:47
Btc-E is rather hard to get fee discounts with, and their fees are pretty low from the beginning. 
@_date: 2014-04-05 23:07:20
You can use the ideas behind bitcoin and public-key cryptography to do something similar to what you are asking. The use of private keys is an excellent way to authenticate anything - as long as no one else ever gets control of that private key. It can also be used to show uniqueness.
For physical works:
Suppose you are a painter. You could use your private key to digitally sign a painting by printing that digital signature on it (or you could embed the digital signature in some over-complicated way by imprinting it onto the canvass with a Radiopaque ink that appears on x-rays, before painting over it). You can use your private key to create a different digital signature for each painting. The public key can then be used to verify that each of your signatures were generated by your private key.
So, you can use this method to authenticate your work. You CAN use the blockchain to keep a record of this: create a wallet with a small amount of coin, and with each painting make a tiny transaction and include that signature in a short text segment that is allowed with each transaction.
This will verify that each painting came from you, and when it was started. However, to guarantee uniqueness is harder. The x-ray ink idea would be good because (assuming you don't publish the signature to the blockchain) it would never be visible unless x-rayed.
There is another way to help ensure that a painting is an original, if your work is valuable enough, by including a way to prove it's age. Different elements undergo radioactive decay at different well-known rates, and this is measured via radio-carbon dating. You could embed a small amount of special material into the painting, and the measurement will give it's approximate age.
For electronic works:
The colored coin suggestion is probably one of the best ways to do this, as it can show ownership of the original. But other than that, I think there are few (if any) practical ways to guarantee that an item is not copied. The only way I can think of to do this is to not produce a save-able original in the first place. It is certainly possible to show a piece of art on a screen or play music that is generated from a removable (and destroyable) data source. However, this gets well into the realms of conceptual works that are more remarkable for the fact that they will be destroyed, rather than actual artistic quality.
You can use some simple methods to verify the integrity of an electronic document. Simply hashing the file and saving the resulting value (to the blockchain, if you like) can verify that the file is unaltered.
If someone said they would pay me $10 million to create and display a digital image, under the condition that it could never be copied well, I would try to hardwire the data into a screen. I would also add some extra custom-made circuits so that the data could be scrambled up in the memory but rendered coherently on the screen, and ensure that those circuits are never made again. Finally, I would place small explosives inside the screen so that any tampering would destroy the entire work. The data would probably need to be stored on RAM to ensure it disappears if the screen is destroyed, but that also means it would need a constant power source. 
Yeah, I've thought about this stuff a bit too much.
@_date: 2014-11-07 20:20:35
What's the point of life if you don't live it? Stay in an office all day, sleep all night -thats not living. When one day is the same as every other, your life has effectively stopped already. You could repeat that day once or ten thousand times, gaining nothing from it except age. That's not life - its death.
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:41:06
First, changing the system that much would turn bitcoin into a fundamentally different crypto currency.  It would be easier to make an altcoin that does this.
Every reversed transaction would fork the chain, and it would require massive coordination to resolve each of those, not to mention the lost income from the mining on the orphaned chain.
Making a change this large would also introduce bugs into the code, and that would break something or cause more forks.
@_date: 2014-09-06 20:56:05
How is the maintenance on those? I'd love to get one, and that would be right around my budget.
Actually, I'd love a TVR, but almost none are in my country and the reliability is horrendous.
@_date: 2014-05-25 22:19:04
This does make sense and sounds reasonable. Here is a good litmus test: which is more reasonable/likely, the price of bitcoin was artificially inflated by a bot purchasing because the market had such low volume and liquidity, or the price genuinely increased 10-fold in such a short time and then fell back to half that, where it stayed for months?
In other words, how many people said "1 bitcoin for $800, that's a bargain!" while the price was moving up? Some may have said that when it was moving down after hitting 1000... but while it was moving upwards? It would take a lot of money from a lot of people to balance the people who were cashing out.
@_date: 2014-04-01 02:12:10
It's always nice to see discussions from the earliest days.
It's also worth considering that Satoshi covered his trail very well, and may never be identified unless he wants to go public. The "Where's Waldo?" of "Who is Satoshi Nakamoto?" is fun, but many prefer to think of him as a bit like a Batman or Superman in retirement: still very capable, but his work is done, and the world of bitcoin can continue without him jumping in to save the day.
@_date: 2014-11-09 19:18:28
This sounds a lot like CoinTelPro, which was the US Counter-Intelligence Program (hence the name), which attempted to disrupt the civil rights movement. It was pretty horrifying the extents that the government went through - including sending fake letters to Martin Luther King's house, where his wife could read them, claiming to be his mistress.
Very few, if any, arrests or charges have been brought against the organizers of the program.
This just brings up the point that infiltration into a group, just like surveillance, should require a warrant and public oversight.
@_date: 2014-02-23 02:40:45
I'm waiting for the speaker to shut up and stop saying "Edison's renegade currency".   I'm just curious how long the video is.
@_date: 2014-07-17 02:54:01
I would expect that they used cash value, and maybe reduced it by some percentage just to keep it in a safe margin. You could have a bank in Europe and use Euros as your asset instead of dollars - the bank understands the risk that the value of the euro could drop, but really they won't hold that against you. 
@_date: 2014-03-15 07:25:02
Short answer: not really.
Medium answer: not really; the more likely risk is that a small group of the most powerful miners/pools could theoretically fork the code and blockchain at will. They could either do this by rejecting an improvement from the dev team, or by creating their own code variation that benefits them (in ways other than double-spending).   A potential flaw in our system is that any change which harms mining will be utterly rejected, even if that change would be good for bitcoin.
So, it's really mining that could hold back bitcoin development. They have more vested interest than the developers.
@_date: 2014-05-10 13:06:39
Is your project related to bitcoin and investments? If so, I've also worked in traditional parts of the banking industry, and have my own project that I am developing and trying to expand. There may be some synergies.
@_date: 2014-03-09 06:52:10
I wish there were more people like you back when I was a teenager.   The last MMO I played was Eve Online. They probably have much more appreciation for bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-21 05:43:57
That is very... interesting. Were contracts of any type made? Were written statements to and from each participant made? What was your potential gain if you won the bet? Contracts agreed online and only in text (without signatures) can be legally enforced. However, statements starting with "Oh yeah, well I bet..." generally are not legally enforceable.
@_date: 2014-03-21 01:35:23
The loss of fiat is a complete mystery to me. Presumably that wasn't actually in Gox's hands, it would be in a bank. I cannot imagine that Gox never tried to reconcile its books with the bank. Mt Gox had an auditor in 2011, we know that because his account got hacked, and the job of that person is to make sure the books balance.
@_date: 2014-09-14 00:56:30
They took his computers??!! That's his business, quite possibly his livelihood. And they actually charged him with crimes with very little evidence - a bit of marijuana in the house. A lot of states have a low fine if it's found in someone's pockets, but that's it.
His lawyer is shit, total utter shit.
He should be pressing every legal button available.
@_date: 2014-04-09 07:00:18
It's not unheard of, but it's pretty rare - at least since 2011.  Usually any fraud would involve someone lying to get a mortgage, rather than the bank committing fraud.  Because the bank sends out the money on day 1, it's incentive is to ensure the customer can repay.   There may be stacks of poorly done paperwork that the bank is responsible for, but that isn't really fraud against the consumer.
(I've worked in the mortgage industry)
@_date: 2014-12-01 21:32:13
Not quite.  Bitcoin is the cheapest way to transfer value. But the currency -&gt; Bitcoin and Bitcoin -&gt; currency conversion is where the costs hurt Bitcoin. The current "grand plan" is to have enough bitcoin-accepting companies that the coins won't needed to be converted back to currency by the customer.
Otherwise, Western Union really is useful. They provide an important service at an impressively low price, considering what they do.
Personally, I don't think the aforementioned grand plan is realistic, as it requires widespread adoption for bitcoin to become widely useful, which is a catch-22. I think the current tipping systems will be a much better boon to Bitcoin, if it can catch on, because it grows the userbase organically.
@_date: 2014-12-05 14:53:34
Most of those fees were for EBay, not for Paypal.
I know how closely linked those companies are. But if you wanted to save the most fees possible, start by selling it at a lower-fee place than EBay.
@_date: 2014-12-14 07:40:25
I don't know why bitcoin is marked as easily transactable. For those that accept it, it usually is very easy, but that's an artificially small group. There are also merchants that accept payment in gold (though usually they 'convert' it through fiat for legal reasons).
Also, gold is more scarce than bitcoin. However, that's not a relevant comparison - if anything, scarcity is harmful to a money supply. If there is not enough coinage, the economy gets hurt how (it's happened before; that's a lesson from history).
I could go on, but really it's just a bad chart.
@_date: 2014-11-27 02:05:00


The audience and the uninformed are entitled to hear a well-reasoned argument. Any debate would be for their benefit, as Hess has already made up his mind and won't be swayed.
However, in debate, fools often reject their own chance to present a respectable argument, and refuse to hear that of their opponent. This is why dedicated fools should be avoided - but the ignorant should be welcomed and educated.
@_date: 2014-05-07 00:27:11
The key to marketing is to measure the results. Results trump theories. 
Keep in mind, just because someone stumbles into bitcoin does not mean they will create a wallet or keep their interest in the subject. If they did, everyone who heard it mentioned in the news would have created a wallet already.
@_date: 2014-04-26 02:11:37
Chase may be legally required to provide a reason for the account closure. I have not worked with that particular part of the banking industry, but banks must provide a reason if a loan is denied. They could give a blank justification like "business reasons", but it is very odd for them to not say why an account is closed.
If they try to call a loan or credit card (meaning they say "pay it all right now"), give me a heads-up and I will send you copies of the regulations that you can smack them with. Standard customer service representatives will not be able to adjust their policies (banks have bureaucracy), but the legal compliance department sure will.
@_date: 2014-05-14 15:51:24
That would be great. Andreas can talk philosophy in terms of bitcoin, and Beck is quite a fan of that. They'd probably have a great interview. Beck's pretty quick on the uptake too, so they would cover a lot.
@_date: 2014-04-21 07:18:58
It makes one wonder if Satoshi will ever step forward again, even in a very limited way. It is quite amazing that he had such an active role and then ended it rather abruptly, and has the self-control to stay out.
Neil Armstrong did not like to give public interviews because he did not want to receive individual credit for the moon landing, as it was a huge effort by thousands of people. One can't compare Neil Armstrong to Satoshi, but perhaps there is a little bit of similarity in mindset.
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:31:04
So, what makes people think this is suspicious?  It could be a Mt Gox corporate account, or an account of a subsidiary or another company which has a different payment contract specifically arranged. If most of the sales are in JPY, I would expect that it's the account of mt gox or it's parent company and this is how it turns the btc part of the fees into fiat. No account of that type would pay the normal fees.
It is reasonable for Mt Gox to sell its coins on its own exchange if those coins were acquired as fees.  It needs to pay business expenses in fiat, so this must happen at some point.  I would only be suspicious if  the sales had more in common with price manipulation tactics than with transaction/exchange volume.  And even then, the company can decide when it wants to sell its own coins - it's just bad manners to do it manipulatively.
Keep in mind that corporations buy and sell their own stock, and often buy when they think the price is too low so they 'manipulate' it back up. That's a common business action and not really a cause for much suspicion.  Companies are required to announce it ahead of time, though.
@_date: 2014-04-19 15:32:05
Did they use bitcoin, or did they use the national currency in electronic form?
@_date: 2014-10-02 14:48:49
It would be incredibly irresponsible for a payment processor, even bitcoin-based ones, to keep a large portion of their assets in bitcoin. They are not bitcoin collectors; they may keep a very small portion (maybe a few percent), but they need the fiat that they send to the merchant.
They can get fiat either through venture capital, or by selling the bitcoins on the market, or through fees. So, the money needs to come from somewhere. If not from bitcoin sales, then where does it come from?
@_date: 2014-05-04 23:28:46
That would be great! I can barely wait for Formula E to start. Even if it turns out to be a bit rubbish, it will get better quickly. Electric motorcycle racing evolved a lot in just a few years. I just hope that good camerawork and commentators are available for the sport - that makes a big difference.
@_date: 2014-03-28 01:33:12
Possible? Yes.
Realistically and logistically possible? Not really, unless the majority of miners have a personal vendetta against one user/address, and they have enough mining power to eternally prevent any fork that does allow that address to distribute coins. Once they have been distributed to other accounts and confirmed by 2 or 3 blocks, it would be hard to shove everything back into Pandora's box. 
@_date: 2014-02-23 19:13:44
Excellent!  There is one line that amazes me though: "Per transaction, miners are getting about $34 in mining reward and $0.10 in fees".
We average about 1 transaction per second on the public chain, so the author's math is more-or-less correct when you allow for the price variability. Even though most of the transactions are done inside the exchanges, this does show that there is a huge inefficiency in the market. This means that either the reward for mining is too high, or the number of transactions per block is too low, or both.
If the money spent on bitcoin mining hardware was instead spent on transaction hardware, software, and infrastructure, we could have a much stronger market.
Using the above $34 per transaction, if we assume that there are 1000 miners with equal power, that translates to $.034 per transaction to every miner. If $.034 is a payment that exactly covers the cost of mining, then why dont we just have the block reward reduced to 2 bitcoins rather than 20, and reduce the number of miners from 1000 to 100? That will keep the same payment, save electricity, and reduce the money spent on mining equipment.  There are certainly more than 1000 miners today, so an order-of-magnitude reduction would not harm the network as long as the difficulty is adjusted in tandem.
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:12:56
This is actually good news. Once (or if) it is shown that this man is not Satoshi, and Newsweek has to retract the cover story of their return to print media, Newsweek will fall apart. No major journalist will ever search for Satoshi again.
@_date: 2014-11-27 02:24:55
My thoughts exactly. The blockchain was the real breakthrough that lead to Bitcoin, so I would not expect Satoshi to invent it so early. 
Thanks X, whoever you are. You just encouraged me to pursue my ideas, even when everyone else tries to say that it cannot be done.
(I had abandoned my idea of a bandwidth-based method of mining because I got a lot of responses saying it was dumb and would require too much communication... Well that's the point of bandwidth-based mining. And, because the network will compete to increase bandwidth, the network capacity will increase hugely, so we can do more transactions. It just requires the mining mechanism to be interchangeable with the transaction mechanism, so relaying transactions will count as work towards the next block. Voila, no more worries about scale.)
@_date: 2014-12-16 13:44:01
Came here to welcome him to the club. But you said it better.
@_date: 2014-07-30 15:52:15
Thats the maintenance right there. I have to do the same every time an API changes.
@_date: 2014-04-19 00:29:40
They seem to have a large variety of furniture. I have only shopped and not yet purchased, so I cannot vouch for quality. Their combination of selection and price is much better than I expected.
@_date: 2014-08-17 01:20:22
Yep, I would have thought that they would at least have their handbook (of sorts). Or, at the very least, have a small number of employees who understand bitcoin, and transfer people to those employees if the customer says they want to pay with bitcoin. It's not that complicated.
@_date: 2014-04-02 04:35:51
A fellow Cincinnatian! 
The pump looks like a complete technology package ready for customer use, which is a great achievement. The only suggestion I have it to add some sound insulation, and maybe use the lever type that is more customary on gas pumps if you can. If it pumped good old fashioned gasoline, I would be more than happy to use it.
Also, depending on how long it takes for the transaction to spread through the network, it may be useful to allow the user to pay before they put the nozzle into the car. I usually do that with credit card anyway.
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:59:31


FTFY. Unless Gox still has all the customer coins and fiat and can re-open with all the accounts with their proper balances, no one wants to be responsible for a zombie Mt Gox. Otherwise, new Gox starts with 0 actual customers - it just has a bunch of email addresses, KYC documents, and empty accounts filling it's database. An empty account is not the same as a customer.
@_date: 2014-03-31 06:56:36
I did some bitcoin transactions, but it was with other travelers from the US - it proved very useful to get fiat when my ATM card didn't work. Locals had very little knowledge of it, and I can't blame them because I could not find any stores that accepted bitcoin. They were quite curious when I explained it to them, and they like the idea of low-fee transactions. This may be because many people use cash to pay the type of bills that we handle online automatically. There were also many Western Union locations, which may be an indicator of the need for a more advanced financial system.
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:40:05
We (US citizens in the US) tend to hear about many corruptions in our system. Certainly not all, and probably only a small portion, but it makes the news rounds like any other story.
I've not been to Russia for a few years, but I expect that the Russian media doesn't report such things nearly as much.
Russian media can be fascinatingly broken in some senses. When I was there, the TV would run commercials for concerts and events that had already happened. I guess they just botch the timing for commercials. I've seen similar in other developing countries. In the US, such things would get a "WTFLOL".
@_date: 2014-10-17 02:24:42
And the "retarded" insult is the type of comment that the community doesn't need.
Criticism and opposing viewpoints are welcome. But insults? Nope. Bitcoin is our playground, and we like to play nice with each other. We don't care what toys (opinions) people bring, all toys are welcome, but the rule is to play nice and have fun.
Anyway, have a nice day, and thanks for stopping in.
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:21:27
It could also be accounts of subsidiaries across the globe.  This would be a crude way to manage such subsidiaries, but it makes perfect sense that there would be no transaction fees but a huge number of transactions.  The fact that the account only sells simply represents the subsidiary's preponderance of sell orders rather than buy orders.
They could also be merchant or payment processor accounts which have a different fee agreement, such as a set amount if dollars per month. This would be paid the traditional way, as it makes the corporate finances easier.  Accounts from a merchant or processor would only sell, and certainly would have discount agreements arranged.
@_date: 2014-04-18 13:09:02
Not really. No competent management team in their right mind would take over that company and try to make it profitable. Anyone with enough insanity to try would be as utterly incompetent as Karpeles. Restarting the company would only use up assets that are owed to customers.
Coinbase has a top retputation in the US, Bitstamp is well regarded worldwide, and even Btc-E has advantages (cheap, great reliability) and a solid track record. Why would anyone put money in an overpriced exchange with a record of losing customer money when those alternatives and more are available? Gox can't even offer better prices, because it needs the money to repay all the customers in full.
@_date: 2014-05-22 16:35:09
I will be eager to read the announcement and start trading if you are able to allow US customers to hold fiat in some way.
@_date: 2014-05-09 02:42:20
All companies are subject to limitations from their suppliers. Small companies are extremely vulnerable, and some large companies are put out of business by it. Fisker Automotive had to end production after their battery supplier went bankrupt - Fisker wasn't in great shape in the first place, but this instantly put every nail in their coffin.
Finding a new supplier is risky because it means you put all your eggs in another basket - a basket that you have not had as much time to examine as you did for the first one. It also means restarting from scratch; these things get really finicky and complicated. Combine this with the expenses already paid to the first supplier, and it can be an outright disaster.
@_date: 2014-03-16 18:54:01
The chance is 0. The banks are not interested. They have their own stuff they are dealing with. To banks, bitcoin is probably just like online video streaming: entirely outside their business.
Companies will focus on what they do best, and that is how they can maximize their income. There is a big difference between the concepts of "profitable for business" and "profitable for OUR business". 
There are many large publicly traded companies where management wants to diversify, and that would help the company survive the regular market variations. However, that process would cause a short-term loss and may never be profitable, and so investors won't let them diversify. If an investor wants diversity, he will just invest in a range of companies - rather than let a single company in his existing portfolio start a wild goose chase of diversification.
@_date: 2014-11-11 18:03:37
Considering that some guy in Texas is being charged with running a $20 million ponzi scheme (though the coins were only worth $100,000 at the time), this guy is just opening himself to criminal charges if he steals customer's money.
And before any troll claims "its not stealing if you gave it to him!!!!11!!", yeah, it actually is. He has contractual agreements, either implied or explicit, that he must agree to, and is subject to regulations whether he likes it or not. Sure, people should have been more careful and its their 'fault' for trusting him, but it's his fault for being a thief.
@_date: 2014-08-17 01:25:15
Last week, Amazon.com managed to double an order for me. Nothing to do with the computer freezing; it looks like it's because my credit card got rejected. My credit card company cancelled the card that day because someone across the country went on a grocery shopping rampage. I put in different payment info half an hour later when authorizing the one transaction - lo and behold, 2 of everything arrive. I even have the authorization emails from Amazon showing that orders were rejected, and the single email saying that the order was re-authorized.
I'm not sure what to do with the 2 items that came from 3rd party merchants, but the 2 from Amazon directly are being sent back.
@_date: 2014-07-28 14:04:52
You do choose your government; you can move to another country at any time. Sure it's a hassle and will mess up your life, but that's the system that actually exists in the real world. The alternative is to move somewhere beyond government reach - sparsely populated islands in the middle of nowhere. 
Try telling a police officer that they have no power the next time you're pulled over. Just try it.
Also, you wont have customers if you ignore the regulations, because you wont have a business. They will arrest you, confiscate your personal computer, and have your website host take the site down. They will then lock your bank accounts and confiscate anything you own if you refuse to pay fines. Try running a company from a jail cell and without a bank account.
@_date: 2014-12-05 14:45:19
So you have some US dollars, I assume, right? Or at least some amount of your country's currency.
So, if someone offers to sell you $10 for a price of $9, would you be willing to buy it? I'd take that deal any day. 
If you stand by your initial post, on the other hand, does that mean you'd be willing to buy my bitcoin at MORE than the initial market rate? I'll be happy to sell it to you at a 5% markup.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:26:33
No, investors (including the company's owners) will be the last in line. Customers are among the regular creditors. Investors are always last (by legal definition, though sometimes companies fraudulently try to favor them).
@_date: 2014-04-16 03:09:53
Limewire is so retro. Like Bearshare and Kazaa. Does anyone else remember AllOfMp3.com? Man, those were the days - I loved being the only person who knew how to download music quickly without getting the viruses that so many p2p services had. There was a time when Google Video was better than Youtube (years before Google purchased youtube), which is why many early viral videos have only a few hundred thousand youtube hits.
In a few years, we may look back at this and say "Hey guys, do you remember the Trollbox? Pumping to the moon was so awesome."
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:06:50
I was thinking the same thing. This is just a nice intelligent person who wants to have a private life. Now he has to present his entire life and show that he is not a multi-millionaire elusive computer genius. It looks like he realized silence would just encourage the media and speculation, and so now he has to fix it.
A lot of computer scientists were working on government contracts in 2001 and the years after, and are a bit evasive about it, so that does not raise any eyebrows. 
Newsweek will need to issue a full reaction of the cover article that they planned to return to print with.  Have the magazines hit the news stands yet?
@_date: 2014-04-19 03:37:27
Technically the bitcoin protocol is a double-entry system of its own. Every transaction credits the source and debits the destination.
I view bitcoin and the blockchain as an auto-auditing system. It takes a bit of computer work to analyze the chain and determine all the account balances, but nonetheless the chain always balances itself.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:53:40
The best thing we can do is get the reporters away from Dorian and let him have his privacy back.
Everyone, please remember that we are trying to compensate Dorian for the hassle he has been put through, and maybe pay a few of his bills as a thanks for not exploiting the opportunity to troll or gain celebrity.  We are not trying to buy him a new house.  A windfall would cause more publicity for him, and he could reject a large amount because he wouldn't want to deal with that renewed publicity.
Seeing as the total donations are already above 1.5 btc and will probably grow from there, I will send my small donation directly to the EFF.
@_date: 2014-03-28 01:14:38
I'm here to help the world move money faster and cheaper. If I can benefit from the process, that's a great bonus and a reason to stay committed to that goal.
@_date: 2014-08-08 04:47:21
I'm trying to set up a way to send Bitcoins in exchange for an electronic transfer that can be done in a South America. I'm not interested in converting the funds back to US Dollars, so I should be able to help users down south avoid a lot of the fees.
@_date: 2014-04-15 02:06:34
I want the People's Bank Of China to announce "We will delay our decision on Bitcoin until May 15th." That would be pretty good trolling, because it would convince everyone that China is going to do something, but no one would know what it plans to do.
Do you think the people in China are asking what the US is going to do with bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-07-28 12:52:42
Apparently you don't live in the terrestrial world where there are governments and authorities? Whether you like it or not, they exist and you cant simply wish them away. EVERY legit company needs to comply with the laws. If that doesnt happen, BTC os dead. Good luck trading btc when there are no exchanges left and localbitcoins is full of cops.
@_date: 2014-08-20 13:30:48
But the Marshall's office already said that a single bidder won all of the coins, and either they or the bidder publicly named themselves.
Why they gave out that information instead of the price, I'll never understand.
@_date: 2014-05-14 04:15:55
TL;DR: There are a handful of solutions available. Some would involve a major change to the bitcoin protocol, or a split of a sidechain, but we expect to have enough of a heads-up for a good solution to be worked out.
Sidechains should allow transactions to happen with coins that are divorced from the main chain - those coins would be in their own separate chains. There has been suggestions that this would be one way to reduce any potential overflow of transactions posting into the main blockchain. This is not a pretty solution in my opinion, even if there are ways to integrate those coins back into the main chain. The blockchain is one of few centralized points in bitcoin.
There ARE ways to have collections of transactions that don't constitute an entire block (lets just call them "chunks", and chunks can be components of a block) which can be verified even when the entire block is not yet verified. However, the protocols for this are different from current bitcoin protocols, so we would need to break off a sidechain and make it subject to these revised protocols for it to work. This would also require more computing overhead, but would reduce the bandwidth needed. If the blockchain gets too big, then clients can opt to download only part of it (wallet balances and the most recent 1000 or so blocks), so that eliminates a lot of the old transactions. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 22:55:56
Banks are less scared of bitcoin than they are of Paypal. 
By the way, banks are not scared of Paypal.
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:23:13
I dont think so. I believe I met him at the last NA Bitcoin Conference in Chicago, and he was a pretty straightforward guy, and quite respectable (yes, even though he's a politician). He sees Bitcoin as one of the potential future technologies that could be important for the country, and wants to do what he can to help it along.
I dont know much about his views on other issues so I can't comment on those, but he's a friend of the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2014-07-07 15:58:34
Your bank will reimburse you. Unless you commit outright fraud or literally tell someone to specifically go after your bank account and provide some of the information to them, your bank will reimburse you.
Presence or lack of antivirus programs on a customer's computer is not in the purview of the bank - they cant tell if your computer is infected, and frankly they dont care because they design their systems to be secure even if your computer is infected.
Source: I worked for a bank; not this specific department, but every employee had annual standard training in stuff related to this. The bank's CYA verbiage in the Terms Of Service isnt used except in extreme circumstances.
@_date: 2014-04-19 03:24:10
Looking to Andreas for investment advice is akin to asking Warren Buffet for bitcoin advice.
The criticisms of Andreas are largely unfounded. Andreas is a Bitcoin and computer security expert. He is not an accountant, financial analyst, or auditor. It is not his place or expertise to conduct a review of a company's finances and corporate governance. There are different experts for those fields.
@_date: 2014-09-18 17:38:38
IMHO, the tool for the job is to use decimal types. If that's inefficient, so be it. It will make a .1 second process take .1000001 seconds instead.
Accuracy always beats efficiency when dealing with money. Accounts have to balance, or the entire program is broken.
Source: I'm a professional programmer.
@_date: 2014-03-23 00:43:35
The type of person who is sophisticated enough to understand and use bitcoin (or even steal bitcoin) is not the type of person who will break into a house and steal at gunpoint. There just isn't much overlap between the demographics.
The vast, vast majority of common theft and violent crime is not heavily planned and targeted.
@_date: 2014-08-31 16:19:33
As a bot builder, this is very possible and an intelligent theory - certainly one of the best possibilities.
There IS a bot on btc-e that does VERY high transaction rates, but also low amounts. When it picks up my orders, it usually does 20+ transactions for about $7 each within 2 seconds. That's a rather dumb bot, honestly, because it risks being kicked off the exchange if the server admins don't like the number of calls it makes (probably 100 or more per second).
Btc-E has the best servers for bots, bar none, in my experience. I have not tried every exchange; Kraken is rumored to have good servers but they wont let me trade fiat because I'm in the US
@_date: 2014-06-27 21:29:03
I need to upgrade my GPU, so this could be a perfect time.
Ive been more of a Nvidia fan myself, I have always had good luck with their cards and not-so-perfect luck with AMD cards. AMD cards are still good and very competitive, and often a slightly better value, but Ill keep up my run of good luck. Also, what portion of the former mining were damaged or got years worth of wear &amp; tear over a few months?
@_date: 2014-04-03 07:49:21
It sounds like a good product and a good name.
Also, I don't mean to be rude, but it may be helpful if the first few sentences have a slight amount of editing to fit the English audience. I would have asked if you would like me to offer a few suggestions, but I am going to bed soon so I wouldn't be able to respond for a while. Please feel free to use these suggestions if you like:
Bitcoin is a digital asset, and the security risk of a digital asset is much greater than for a physical asset.
The security risk falls into two categories: the risk that the information will be compromised, and the risk that the information will be destroyed.
1.1 Risk that information will be compromised.
Ownership and control of a digital asset requires control of the account and password. Bitcoin is an extreme example of this, as it depends entirely on the private key.
@_date: 2014-07-17 03:06:59
I think he is talking about the fact that insurance companies themselves have insurance companies, and there is a chain of insurance going a very long way up. So if Circle loses everything, they are still covered. If Circle's insurer goes bankrupt from the loss (which would be a very dumb business practice), then the insurer's insurer will cover it, and up the chain it goes. It gets to a point where the highest insurance companies are diversified worldwide, so it is very difficult for them to have a bad year.
Also, I should mention that the 2008 crash was caused by derivatives, which are very very different from insurance policies like this.
@_date: 2014-05-31 00:30:43
If anyone is good at animation, I have a script for a 60-second introduction and explanation of Bitcoin that I've wanted to record and post on Youtube for a while.  I'll be happy to record the audio if anyone can provide some very simple drawings or animation. Here's a teaser of the the opening line: "The Bitcoin protocol is a payment system, and bitcoins are the currency used inside that system."  Getting straight to the point is the key.
I've also been working on a short explanation of the blockchain, but that may be 2 or 3 minutes long.
Let's face it, telling newbies to read a 7-page whitepaper or an hour of podcast doesn't quite work, no matter how good they are.
@_date: 2014-06-22 05:04:18
Companies do very little to protect their reputation, unless there is an influential body that can destroy their reputation. Let's face it, the entire idea of "customers won't shop at an evil company" isn't true, customers just want to go about their lives and have better things to do than spend their lives researching every single company they buy from. We have day jobs.
If companies refuse customer returns, customers will do charge backs. If a company had too many charge backs, the credit card processor will drop them, and then people won't be able to buy from that company as easily.
Have you ever seen a website that asks you to mail them a check when you purchase online, because they can't accept credit cards?  That sends a red flag to any customer, for good reason.
@_date: 2014-05-10 03:48:40
Jesus tap-dancing Christ. What is their interview and vetting process? 
I can understand some amateurishness in the early days, even up to the point where Karpeles was part of the foundation simply because he ran the once-largest exchange (which was very important in those early days). **But amateur hour is over.**
Maybe it's not easy to find ideal foundation members, as the movers &amp; shakers in the bitcoin world are all busy building companies or communities and don't want to focus their efforts into a broad foundation that will naturally be very limited and slow-moving. But still...
@_date: 2014-04-24 13:16:47
This is the problem with all the "free market" claims. The free market won't decide anything, because it's impossible for everyone to research enough to make perfect decisions. Some may claim that Gox fraud was obvious - it wasn't, it simply wasn't.
Nefarious characters will run off with customer's money while the "free market" tries to decide not to use that company. All the claims about the benefits of a libertarian free market fall to pieces when confronted with reality and the limited information available to each person.
@_date: 2014-07-21 17:11:35
In the US, paper money will be 'returned' to you if you can prove that it was destroyed. Also, bundles of bills can take a surprisingly long time to burn. A house-destroying fire would probably do it, but a smaller fire that gets put out might not.
@_date: 2014-03-19 15:50:57
I thought tuition was free or nearly free in Europe.
@_date: 2014-05-07 01:48:07
Egypt shut down their internet access to the outside world. As it turns out, when decently organized companies control all the major lines that go out of the country, it's pretty easy to shut those down - or physically cut the lines if you need to.
If you want to cause a failure in the system, you only need to reach the bottlenecks. It's not complicated when you have access and control.
@_date: 2014-09-18 17:53:30
Really? Could you please link to a source regarding PHP's elliptic curve problems? I don't doubt you - it's just that I've never heard about it before.
That would be feasible. And it could, I guess, lead to those private keys being compromised. But, that would require some really shitty programming. I'd assume that more entropy is used when generating those keys, so a single error would be harder to exploit on a large scale. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:19:27
Ouch.  Sounds like you'll take a big part in the lawsuit. I'm only out a handful of coins, but they could have gone a long way to paying down student loans, rather than funding a failing exchange.
Hope you have more elsewhere. Also, you may be able to deduct the losses from taxes - that's not much light at the end of the tunnel, but you have an entire year's worth of income that you can deduct from.
@_date: 2014-03-06 05:27:44
That's not quite true, if I understand the protocol correctly. As long as the transactions are valid and eventually broadcast to the network, they will be confirmed.
I think that the biggest issue is that there could be a double-spend if one merchant uses a blockchain wallet and the other doesn't. 
I would like to see how Blockchain would handle the arrival of a transaction from the network for which it can't trace the input.  This is slightly beyond my understanding of the protocol; I don't know if the public can see the original transaction and would reject a new one just because they see an unconfirmed payment of the coin already.
This also shows that wallets need to reconcile with the blockchain frequently.
@_date: 2014-04-17 18:59:26
Despite popular fears, the IRS is filled mostly with nice people.  I have not known them to start with phone calls, but it's possible if they are doing something informal.  
First off, if you have not sold much/any of your bitcoin, there is no taxable profit. Second, any losses from Gox are deductible from income. Third, be polite to them, but you don't need to provide much info over the phone - and definitely don't guess at things. If they mail you anything, it's probably be use their records are incomplete and they need some info from you to complete the records - often there is no tax owed. Sometimes the incomplete records they have indicate that taxes would be owed, so it is helpful for you to provide the other docs to show that no taxes are due.  This happens often with investment accounts held by amateurs because brokerages have an odd way of reporting to the IRS.
@_date: 2014-04-18 23:29:42
The company/group developing Ethereum could have a traditional financial audit if it is possible. Even if there appears to be no money involved, there actually is - someone is paying for the website. Even if that is the only expense, a traditional audit can also ensure that accounting controls can be placed on the development and security process. For example in many companies, one person handles invoices (bills) and another person writes the checks. At the end of each month, they can add up the checks and invoices and ensure that they match each other and the bank account. Accounting controls will also establish a hierarchy of responsibility and double-checking, this could reduce needless repetition of tasks, while ensuring that other tasks are completed correctly.
It may sound anti-bitcoin to have a company structure behind a cryptocurrency, but it is not. Companies are organized the way they are for a very good reason: they are excellent at doing their job. If they were not, they would be replaced with a different structure. A company framework allows each person to specialize, and automatically assigns responsibility for fixing any critical unexpected issues.
@_date: 2014-07-30 16:02:40
They operated for years before they had any advertising revenue. Their introduction of advertisements with search results was a bit of a controversey because they created a concept of "search" being a function  no relation to money whatsoever. The closest thing I can think of to that is free parking, or breathing. There wasnt any cost or sponsorship, it was just a thing that people did. Hard to explain, sadly.
@_date: 2014-04-17 15:17:23
Excellent. I think I will submit a short whitepaper I am working on. I like that the P2P journal is peer-reviewed, it makes sense.
@_date: 2014-07-29 20:05:14
Out of curiosity, do you have any other types of transactions with that account? Like conventional paychecks or old-fashioned bills? If i was at the bank and saw a personal account used only with Coinbase, it would raise an eyebrow. It's just unusual, and definitely not being used as a normal checking account.
@_date: 2014-04-09 01:11:13
Exactly. "New rules" are far easier said than done. It would require both houses of congress and the president to debate and sign off on the new rules (and, no matter what side of the political spectrum you are on, I'm sure you will agree that congress is very bad and very slow at making new rules). Then it would be left to the IRS to interpret the tangled web of logic that finally comes out.
I think that months of congressional debates and game-playing would be terrible for bitcoin and, even though it raises bitcoin's profile, it would turn a lot of people off.
What we really need is a few court cases to go through with intelligent far-sighted rulings that the community can stand behind. The rulings of court are the actual implementation of the law, so a strong precedent in the courts is just as good as a law - without the national bickering and compromises. For example, courts can rule that exchanges with fees are legally responsible for the coins they hold. But they can also rule that a no-fee wallet is a free service and offers no such guarantees. And then, they can rule that an exchange which clearly discloses a fractional reserve policy is responsible only for that promised fraction (but, in case of bankruptcy, it is still in debt to account holders for the full amounts). Courts can also confirm that discounts for paying via bitcoin are legal (they kinda already have, with a credit card ruling), which could be a great boon for the community if payment processors built this feature.
The courts can provide much of the nuance and regulation that the community needs by applying existing laws. We just need to ensure that the correct precedents are set.
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:50:06
That's a good point. Any journalist trying to meet/ambush Satoshi would get as much solid evidence as possible. Microphones and cameras are easy to hide.
@_date: 2014-04-14 07:34:46
He verified that they had all the coins that they claimed to have. He is a fairly good person to do this, as he has the technical knowledge and community recognition, and he does not work for Coinbase so he is (for the most part) impartial.
It would be better to have a major accounting or auditing firm sign off on the accounts, they have more credibility. In fact, if an auditing firm signs off but is wrong, that firm can be held legally liable - so they do their due diligence. However, for a firm to commit the resources and manpower to learn about bitcoin, and taking a risk when they still don't have a full understanding of it (no one does), is a very bad business move.
@_date: 2014-04-15 15:01:01
Yeah, did they kick her out of the office? If I was asked "Does your bitcoin business still have legitimacy?" My first response would be "It has more legitimacy than Newsweek."
@_date: 2014-07-18 23:00:44
Aye aye, captain! We can follow your lead. (not that I can speak for all of r/bitcoin, but you guys have done a great PR job)
@_date: 2014-04-20 16:39:42
Just out of curiosity, was it Adderall or Ritalin/Concerta?  Especially in the case of Adderall, the "street" price can be less than the pharmacy price without insurance.  I'm referring to the generic form of the drug in both cases.  Adderall is a controlled substance and thus the US allows only 1 or 2 companies are allowed to produce it. So, the company that produces the name brand also produces the generic, and it puts about the same price on both.  It's a really screwed up system.
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:16:51
Excellent!  That quote seems to imply that customer funds are still the property of customers, which is quite important in the case of bankruptcy. If you think of it like a company that manages storage units, the customer items in each unit remain their property, and creditors have no right to claim those stored items if the company goes bankrupt. 
Also, it should be noted that Mt Gox could be a customer of itself and thus it's TOS would apply to itself.  However, it would depend on the company to enforce the TOS or press charges in case of violation, which it obviously won't do.
@_date: 2014-12-31 18:40:42
That ending. Priceless.
What is the video originally from? I'd like to keep better track of developments in eastern Europe.
@_date: 2014-05-29 21:12:27
78 blocks of orphans? What happened to their parents? This is a tragedy!  It's tragic when 1 kid becomes an orphan, and so much worse when all the parents on an entire street pass away and leave every kid on the block as an orphan. But 78 blocks is an entire suburb.
Won't someone think of the children!
@_date: 2014-07-07 02:21:35
Nope, it's not just bitcoinwisdom, my bot picked it up as well. It may be an API/server glitch on campbx's side though
@_date: 2014-03-25 21:46:05
The Gox losses will still be a pain to figure out.  How to account for coins bought via BitcoinBuilder?  Are they a tax write off at the Gox price (either the early inflated one or the later locked exchange fractional value), or the general market price?
The announcement at least allows for existing procedures to be used for a lot of the questions, like determining which of your bitcoin you actually sold, if you originally acquired them at a range of prices.
@_date: 2014-11-04 15:59:20
Well now there's one.
Its a medium company with a small programming/development team. I have my own self-guided project so I could call myself a developer, as I really am doing that role for the project, but really that would just be to stoke my ego. I can be anything from a Tester to Lead Engineering Systems Developer, depending on what hour you ask my job title.
I have no need for internet ego.
So, that's how we have a professional who calls himself a programmer.
@_date: 2014-04-15 09:43:42
Danny, If you wish, you are welcome to post the addresses of the wallets that hold the funds for those customers. Though i would also understand if those customers would not want their bitcoin balances to be publicly linked to them - I would be unhappy if my bank leaked my account balance. Also, you should be able to send letters to the relevant police departments with delivery confirmation - it may take a few dollars and a few days extra, but you will have indisputable proof that you have been contacting authorities to sort this stuff out.
Considering the treatment that Charlie Shrem received in the US, when he was one of the people helping authorities, Danny may be smart to get ahold of the situation while arranging for a trip back.
Second, to the investors, I would like you to know that I am **not** the type of person who says "well you had it coming", because no one deserves to lose money for investing in something they care about. Further, I would encourage investment in well-organized companies in the Bitcoin community. However, you are investors - you go along for the ride and hope for good times, and investors also often bail out when there is trouble. Investors are the last people in line for compensation if a company goes under; that's part of the deal when you invest. If Danny acted illegally, then you have strong legal grounds to claim fraud if the legal system in Cyprus allows you to do so. I hope the company is successful and you make a great profit, but risk is the other half of the profit equation.
@_date: 2014-03-23 18:56:29
Their repayment scheme is indeed very, very weird. As they are not going bankrupt they may legally be allowed to do it the way they are - it depends on how much flexibility they gave themselves in the Terms Of Service, as that's the contract between the customer and the exchange.
It looks like they will be reimbursing customers from the top down (give funds to the richest first) with half their money, and bottom up (give funds to the poorest first) with the other half.
All repayment methods are stupid in some way, but this is more stupid than most. A conventional method would be to give each user 50% or whatever of their coins. An unconventional but acceptable method would be to insure the first 1 coin and give 50% of every coin above that. This second method means that, if you had only 1 coin, you would get 1 coin back; if you had 2 coins, you would get 1.5 coins back; if you had 5 coins, you would get 3 coins back, etc.
@_date: 2014-08-31 18:22:36
Some bots are programmed to stop trading if volume spikes or the market goes crazy, because it is too risky to trust the bot's simple logic with that much money. It's better to miss a small profit than to take a big loss.
@_date: 2014-08-17 02:08:32
I believe that the user is required to name their country of residence when they sign up. If they lie about it, then they put their account at risk.
I personally do not agree with that policy, and I believe that it is Coinbase's responsibility to help ensure that the funds are returned to the account owner, either by sending it back through their bank or by transfering it to a different address provided by the account holder. However, that may not be possible. Coinbase is required to comply with US laws, or they could be blacklisted by all US banks - an action that HAS happened to companies (and even banks) before. 
(sidenote: there is an interesting story, somewhere, about a bank that was set up by the FBI/CIA/whoever as a sting operation to catch money laundering, but it was briefly caught and blacklisted by the US banking regulators who could only see it's suspicious activity. The next morning when the regulator was informed, they had a flurry of desperate messages sent across the country saying "ignore that last fax! Act like it never existed!")
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:34:40
Thank you! The biggest challenge for the current system is to hide it all from the end users. I think of it like owning a car: everything's cool as long as it works perfectly and I never need to get my hands dirty. But if anything breaks and I need to get some wrenches, I face the huge learning curve and realize the benefits of public transportation
@_date: 2014-06-22 05:14:51
An escrow system... Like a credit card company? Because that's what you are describing, really, except without the ability to spend borrowed money. That centralizes the systems, because both the merchant and customer must trust the escrow intermediary.
@_date: 2014-08-29 04:33:21


Actually, if they follow similar laws to the US, they do. They are legally required to provide a justification.
Banks used to have a subjective system and allow their officers to make judgement calls. It turns out that when they made judgement calls, a lot of ethnic minorities were excluded from banking services despite being equal or better risks than many white people who were provided with services. The banks must - MUST - have a written, legally-defendable criteria that they use. If not, they are subject to fines, sanctions, and can even lose their banking license.
I used to work in banking. A lot of people seem to argue with these facts, which is quite strange considering that it is law in many jurisdictions. Banks cannot simply refuse to do business with a person for arbitrary reasons - just like a restaurant owner cannot legally refuse to serve minorities. Countries have strong anti-discrimination laws which trump the rights of business owners to exclude customers based on things like race or religion. If the business owner wants to filter their customers, they must apply that filter to everyone regardless of race.
So, the OP can use those laws to request information on the criteria that excluded him. If you apply for a credit card or mortgage and are turned down, you will receive a letter outlining the specific reasons, or at the very least a phone number that you can contact to get the specific reasons. The anti-discrimination laws are the reason for all this.
@_date: 2014-03-09 13:57:28
The world bank is not a bad place to work, as far as I know, though I have limited information. And if he is majoring in mathematics, he has a wide range of options open. There is little need for him to jump into the risky bitcoin field when he could make more money and enjoy life just as much in more traditional finance, and he would always have the option to move to bitcoin in the future.
@_date: 2014-04-16 13:23:21
I'm still interested in this option. It would help reveal what happened to the rest of the assets. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 04:18:46
I think you underestimate the data storage capabilities of the NSA.
EDIT: I think I just finished reading it. The end is at 
Overall, it was an OK read. The characters are repetative and can be predictable. On the other hand, the plot develops steadily and it resolves all the unanswered questions by the conclusion, probably because the author did not plan to write a sequel. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 07:01:13
Loss control is a different issue than this. This is connected to the Compliance department.
EDIT: based on the things you mentioned about Chase in other posts, I think they are not training their people properly and have some top-quality idiots running Loss Mitigation - that's probably the group you worked with, and the representative may have been a Loss Mitigation Specialist.
@_date: 2014-10-17 02:09:31
I know this comment will be buried under 200 and probably no one will ever see it, but Gavin makes a fundamental oversight early in his analysis. As much as I admire and appreciate his work, this mistake should be pointed out.


This implies that there are not other artificial limits already in place.
Actually, there are artificial limits in the 'supply' of the bitcoin transaction ability. Transaction fees exist to help prioritize a transaction and ensure it's included in the next block. However, no matter how much anyone offers as a transaction fee, the transaction will take roughly 5-10 minutes to process on average. Paying a (comparatively) large transaction fee of 0.01 BTC is, for all intents, no different than paying a gigantic transaction fee of 1000 BTC in terms of processing speed.
The roughly 10 minutes between blocks is a very artificial limit that the network imposes on itself, and it should be viewed as such. All calculations should be mindful of that fact. In this case, that limit likely lowers the fees that miners earn. Just as a thought experiment (and hugely impractical for a real-life network), imagine that blocks consist of 1 transaction each, and several blocks are added to the chain every second. In this scenario, miners would have huge incentives to pick up the higher-fee transactions. On the other hand, they will also have a perverse incentive to never communicate the transaction to any other miners, as that may allow the other miner to collect it instead.
TL; DR: The average 10 minutes between blocks is an artificial limit, and it causes lower transaction fees. block size is currently less important. Analysis should be more mindful of this fact.
@_date: 2014-04-13 03:33:33
It looks pretty good. I just wish there was some way to hint at the meaning within the symbol. 
I had been thinking about making the links look slightly like interlocking C's (facing either the same or opposite directions, I couldn't decide). The two C's would stand for crypto currency. On the other hand, I really like the strength and ruggedness implied by the hard lines and sharp edges in your image.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:52:01
Is there an escrow account that is linked to a hit on him?  I'd expect a Silk Road replacement might have one, but it would get far more funding if it was open to contributions.
@_date: 2014-04-14 01:30:19
I wish you the best of luck with the site. I would love to see a bitcoin-based ebay or craigslist that isn't only accessible on tor.
@_date: 2014-05-06 05:44:33
Gox did odd things: it scared the market, caused a lot of people to want to pull out (but they were not able to), magically vanished 8% of the entire bitcoin assets (which were actually already gone, but no one outside Gox knew it), and killed a lot of the confidence and momentum that Bitcoin had been able to build.
The jump after Gox admitted to being bankrupt was very odd, but it that happens sometimes when the worst possible news comes out: it is at least confirmation and speculation can end. A person could try to explain the jump by saying that a destruction of 8% of the coins makes the rest more valuable (which *would* be true based on fundamental principles), except those coins were never destroyed, they were just leaked, and the jump was within a few days rather than a long-term correction.
Bitcoin has two options if it wants to see the value go back up. 
The first option is to become a more ubiquitous form of micropayments. This requires that the fee on small transactions be removed entirely, or reduced to less than 1 US penny. An ideal micropayment, in my opinion, is $0.05 to a newspaper to read 1 article - this solves the paywall problem that newspapers currently face.
In order to do this, bitcoin must become MUCH simpler for the everyday careless user. People will keep maybe $5 of it, so it's not worth researching security and encryption. On the downside, 1 hacker could compromise thousands or millions of accounts and steal the money, which would be catastrophically bad PR, and we currently have few ways of protecting the countless people who use "password" as their password. Even careless fools need their money to be protected - that's why banks are still so popular, the customers have other things to do with their lives.
The second option is for bitcoin to become an investment-quality asset. In this option, it must become secure and long-living enough to be comparable to other valuable assets like fiat currency, stocks/bonds, precious metals, valuable artworks (Picasso, et. al.), real estate, and tons of other things. This will take many years, because longevity is a HUGE factor. The only way to prove longevity is to actually do it. This option may be more realistic than the first one, but it will take a lot of effort, and some luck as well. It also requires that the legacy system of banks cannot evolve and beat bitcoin at it's own game - which is honestly a massive risk to bitcoin. If banks develop ways to send money anywhere at near-zero fees, bitcoin will die in a heartbeat.
@_date: 2014-12-26 18:29:00
Exactly, and this is why Buffet is so highly respected. He makes his investing principles very clear, and he sticks to them. The principles are sound, reasonable, and time-tested. He doesn't chase every latest metric or new idea.
He invests for the long, long game. He can afford to skip Bitcoin, and his investments will be no worse off for it. There's no shame in saying "That could be a good investment, but it is not the right investment for me."
@_date: 2014-05-05 23:19:41
I'll be happy to provide perspective from a banking and financial angle. I have a degree in finance and I worked in the banking industry for several years, though I've moved to a better job recently. I can give you more detail and probably some citations next week, but here are some quick answers:
1: yes, law is essential to money. In additional to the standard property and ownership laws, modern money must be protected from counterfeit. An essential factor for currency is that it's cheap for a country to print more (ever since countries stopped using coins made only of precious metal) - so also a counterfeiter could print it cheaply.
2: Yes, it can and does, and is the best way to do it online. Laws should be enforced on it the same way they are enforced when fiat is used.
3: Regulation is needed. The difficulty is that bitcoin is international, so no nation's regulations can be fully enforced. The libertarian ideal is for all exchanges to follow self-imposed standards, but this generally doesn't happen unless regulation is invoked or threatened.
4: That's the big question. Ultimately, bitcoin is just an asset and is subject to the same laws as other assets. New laws may be needed for enforcement and clarification/modernization of existing laws.
@_date: 2014-03-05 04:22:25
If you try day trading, you will quickly discover the benefit of the market closing at 4 and over weekends.  It forces traders, many of who would otherwise never stop, to get away and maybe have a healthy life.  It also is a safeguard against collapses in the market - many crashes involve panic and rapid rushes to sell, but the end of the trading day can put a stop to that and give people time to regain their stability before trading again.
The time it takes to move money, on the other hand, is the reason I have dedicated my time to bitcoin.  I want a world where money can move quickly and efficiently for everyone, and bitcoin is currently the best system for that.
@_date: 2014-04-14 21:53:14
It looks like he's taking the difficult task of completely clearing his name - though it's impossible to remove the memory of accusations.
The money laundering complaint filed against him, from what I have seen, require some legal "interpretation" to say that he broke the law. And considering that his customers (who, if I understand the business correctly, gave him money so they could buy at Mt Gox) were unable to withdrawal the money in Japan, it would be very hard to prove that any of his customers actually laundered money. At most, those customers could send their purchased bitcoins to another Mt Gox user in Japan, who could then withdraw it through a Japanese bank. However, I believe the same thing can be done with a wire transfer or probably also a cashier's check, and Paypal's business is based entirely on this.
The claim of operating a money transmitting business without a license seems strange - I thought he did get a license.
The claim that he failed to file Suspicious Activity Reports depends entirely on how suspicious the activity is. The paper trail will be very important for this charge.
Unfortunately Charlie is not a major bank, and thus he does not have the option of paying a token fine and returning to business as usual. Good luck Charlie, you've been an asset to the community and deserve to be treated as an innovator.
@_date: 2014-03-08 04:36:01
One of the more recent transactions is 17Twgo1yJwrbbBqpcgEaXG9QJhAQXV7A5j and blockchain.info shows it as unconfirmed, another one at a different depth is 19GUFpXzTYcH6HnwLebGD3cWNina1D9AJA  
The system doesn't split the account again until after a few confirmations.
Also, if you have expanded the entire tree (and WOW if you did), then the most recent nodes might not be updating on your graph - I dont know how the website is programmed, but it is often easier to program that way.
@_date: 2014-12-01 21:21:35
I hope the old fallback of parent companies and shell companies works out. It's a pain being a legit business sometimes.
It's gotten to a point where a Bitcoin-based company needs to launder it's perfectly legal transactions through another company just to use the banking system, because of laundering fears.
@_date: 2014-04-15 23:19:38
It all depends on selfishness, organization, and profits. The "greedy miner" attack can be very successful and requires less power than the 51% attack, and this service could be part of a system that facilitates a greedy miner attack.
The power of ASIC miners appears to have centralized a lot of the hashrate. Also, do not forget that an ASIC manufacturer can control a huge portion of mining power, especially when they have stockpiled new, faster machines that are about to hit the market.
Bitcoin is safest with a lot of miners who can't conspire with each other. ASIC-resistant coins have some benefits in this area, but on the other hand (if CPUs or common GPUs are sufficient miners) a large botnet could have a huge effect. There's also large companies with tens of thousands of desktop PC's for their employees, and they could set them all to mine overnight.
@_date: 2014-05-13 00:23:49
Vending machines, parking meters, and the like would be perfect for bitcoin. I've seen some that take credit cards, but it's hit-or-miss that they can connect to a network. I assumed that cellphone companies would be happy to offer special deals on micro-data usage like this, but I guess it's just not happening much. Few areas have enough open wifi to really support an always-connected system.
An alternative is to have a QR code on the machine along with a camera/reader. The buyer could send bitcoin to that QR code, then an online service could generate a digitally signed receipt (in QR form) showing payment, and the user could then show that to the machine's camera - it could then validate the receipt without ever connecting to the internet itself. However, this would require a hefty infrastructure and be very centralized, as efficiency really requires it (too much communication between different parts otherwise).
@_date: 2014-03-23 23:44:27
Good point. Stolen property is subject to confiscation and returned to the rightful owner, no matter how many people it has moved through - at least in the US.  Bitcoin may be a bit more complicated, but if these are proven to be stolen coins then authorities could easily use the simple option of requiring Bitstamp to give the original owners the equivalent fiat value. Bitstamp would have to absorb the loss.
@_date: 2014-04-15 08:09:41
Define "intrinsic". That is the hard part. Bitcoin has value because of it's utility, and that value is completely independent of it's price. Also, the price is very dependent on brief market fluctuations.
However, price increases have been a great way to gain attention and reward early adopters. So, the price has actually increased bitcoin's utility, rather than the other way around.
@_date: 2014-12-05 14:49:39
But but but... Someone anonymous with no credibility said that people would clamor to pay above market rate for the Bitcoin!!!! Oh noes, what is the world coming to?
If anyone actually believes that an investor will buy for more than the market rate, I will be happy to sell to that person at more than the market rate, so they can put their own money where their mouth is. If that poster is not willing to do it, then why would an investor?
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:34:18
Your insurance should have covered almost everything that wasn't returned to you - and that includes Bitcoin. Unless your policy has a specific line-item saying that virtual currencies are NOT covered, then it's just as much personal valuable property as cash or jewelry is.
Proving thatyou had that much bitcoin that could be stole might require you to get the transaction records showing how you cashed out the 71 btc (I expect Coinbase would be willing to help verify that the transaction ended in your bank account if you went through them).
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:56:22
Evidence of the transaction reversal would help the company prove that it happened.
@_date: 2014-05-07 00:24:31
I was about to say exactly this. 
Even though we want bitcoin to reach everyone, in these early stages we need to reach the demographics that are most receptive to it. Otherwise, the publicity falls on deaf ears.
txmtx's suggestion to target 'secondary' demographics is a good one, too. I think this would require a a somewhat-interested demographic that is notably different from the main one, enough so that we would need to appeal to them in a different way. Even if this isn't the immediate best bang for our buck, it does allow us to experiment and diversify the marketing strategy, and it will help us expand outward from our main demographic in the future. For example, if we get the "white young professional male" demographic AND also the "recent immigrant with an average-income and is sending money back to family members" demographic, we will have great footholds to expand from.
There was a marketing research company that did an impressive job of categorizing mindsets, and named them in stereotypical but rather accurate ways. I believe some were "Frat boy with 2.5 GPA", and "Middle-aged, BMW, plays golf". The mindset categories were quite good at predicting behavior. This isn't particularly relevant, but I thought it was interesting at the time, and it would be nice if anyone knows the name of that company or remembers their reports.
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:49:23
I came to say this. It could be a MITM, or a browser extension that replaces bitcoin destination addresses (such malware extensions are known to exist).
Also, DO NOT USE TOR FOR ANYTHING THAT REQUIRES SECURITY! EVER! Tor provides anonymity, it does NOT provide security. If anything, it makes browsing less secure because it can make it easier for someone to snoop or do a MITM attack. There's a good explanation video on youtube about Tor, and the author received a message from another Tor user about the video the guy was making - before the video was posted. Snooping and interception are very, very possible.
@_date: 2014-03-16 18:57:56
Chip and pin is not the standard in the US. Our standard is "swipe the card", and the transaction goes through.  This is partially changing.
Banks and credit card companies are still responsible for all unauthorized charges, so it should not hurt the consumer directly - other than the major hassle.
@_date: 2014-11-30 05:29:34
Probably because gold went through hype and a multi-fold rise over several years. Well-established and known investments usually dont increase in value several times over in a few years.
@_date: 2014-08-08 17:29:26
 Not really. The process is very fast relative to the other calculations that must be made.
@_date: 2014-10-24 18:04:38
Except you don't know the law you're trying to cite. There's no legal limit on the number of transactions. Terms &amp; Conditions may say some limit, but those are contractual terms &amp; conditions, not law. Very different.
So... It's a person's own responsibility to know the law when they are trying to cite it.
@_date: 2014-11-26 13:50:13
I think that the sub as a whole started declining after Gox fell - there was a huge amount of trolling and vitreol being thrown around by some posters (and there still is). All the "its your fault for losing money" insults really hurt people.* Personally, I think the mods should have stepped up and started kicking people. I pretty much abandoned the sub for months, and this sub had brought me into Reddit in the first place.
*Also, its not someone's fault if their money gets stolen. Its the thief's fault - clear and simple. Otherwise, no one would do anything with their money and everyone would be completely self-reliant, which would result in a failure of the market economy and push civilization back to the stone age. If you want to tell someone not to be careless, that's another issue, but it's still the theif's fault. I dont know why some people refuse to accept this simple fact.
@_date: 2014-11-03 21:26:39
That would explain it. Keep it below 10-12 hours per day, even for projects that are work+hobby, unless you are in one of the coder/hacker intensive dungeon house/workshop things (you know what I mean).
Personally, I like to say that ideas need to percolate before being implemented. This allows distractions, so things can be approached from different angles.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:43:14
The account wasn't hacked. Any hacker would have posted earlier and wouldn't have made a post like that.  And if it was Dorian, then he has separated from the Satoshi persona that he created, and thus it's not appropriate to call him Satoshi.  It would be like calling an actor the name of their character in their first hit movie - the actor is no longer in that role.
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:16:03
I'd be happy to help out, either with a few dollars or some free time.
@_date: 2014-03-07 05:45:48
If it is Russian, he is attempting to say something like "ya ni gavaru pangriski", which means "I don't speak english". The "gavaru" roughly translates to "I speak", and "pangriski" is the english language.
This is in lesson 1 of the Pimsleur Russian language course, so it may not mean much about Dorian, except that he tried the free first lesson once.
I got the Google Translate to say the correct words at 
EDIT: Dorian's word order is incorrect as he pronounces "ya pavaru nicht angriski", but I only know a little Russian so he may be using different grammar. 
@_date: 2014-04-08 13:42:43
I assume that the Bitcoin B is a registered trademark - at least I hope it is.
The idea of a city creating its own currency is pretty ridiculous. The effort and cost far outweighs any potential benefit.
@_date: 2014-04-17 20:34:46
The bandwidth issue is another very good point. It may be solvable by not searching for prior transactions until the app is started, or when the user starts the camera to scan the QR code. It would take less than a second to receive a list from any node, which is longer than it takes for the user to make the transaction. Using and hashing only a portion of each prior transaction should help save data too. If the history is optional, then the transaction can be processed just like all transactions currently are, it is just a bit more risky. 
The transactions should not all need to see each other, they should only need to see enough to create part of the web. If there is enough redundancy (which the network has tons of), it will work. If referencing only 10 prior transactions, then the tree for just three generations can reference 10 x 10 x 10 = 1000 transactions, which is about the current number of unconfirmed transactions. Chances are good that one from this 1000 is the original spend of those coins. By 4 or 5 generations, all unconfirmed transactions on the network should be in the web - and this should be reached within a few seconds, depending on the amount of redundancy.
Also, a merchant does not need to connect to a node at all to see a transaction that references itself, as all the evidence is included within the second transaction if it includes the history. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:31:24
Have they allowed people in the US to make fiat trades yet?
@_date: 2014-05-08 00:26:40
I'll donate the medal to the academy, but I'll keep the prize money, TYVM  :)
What I want is for us to help Gyft and other companies spread their marketing message farther. Marketing costs money. It would be great if Gyft was huge and had billions of dollars in revenue every month, but it's simply not there yet.  We can help accelerate it's growth. Credit card companies had to do this when they started too - they associated with prefered merchants and marketed based on that association. They still do it to this day - hence frequent flyer miles and similar programs.
@_date: 2014-07-30 16:26:23
What do the accounts with monthly fees offer that the free plan doesn't? 
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:42:54
They can be very anonymous, but also very traceable. It is possible to disguise an original source if desired, but most people wont bother to do that.
@_date: 2014-04-16 01:01:50
The spending-and-reversing address could be frozen, not the receiving one. If you sent me anything, the network could refuse to process that transaction, and it wouldn't affect me in any way.  If you sent coins to me and they did slip through, the network wouldn't care - it would not lock my wallet. The coins are not tainted, just the original wallet that reversed the transaction.   Sure, you could eventually get a transaction through by being a bit lucky with a miner that doesn't filter, but that would take a while and your coins are useless until then - so that is a disincentive to use the reversing service.
It's pretty easy to make an index of 'blocked' wallet addresses, and preferably those wallets would only be blocked temporarily. The idea is to discourage reversed transactions, rather than try to prevent them entirely.   One side effect is that merchants could be more willing to accept an unconfirmed payment from a wealthy wallet than a nearly empty one, because the wealthy wallet has more to lose if it is temporarily blocked.
@_date: 2014-12-05 21:51:51
Those are good, valid points. But there's also price risk after the transaction in the bidding model. Once submitted, the bid can't be canceled, so the buyer can't do anything with the coins until they are delivered at least a few days later. If the coins were bought in open market, they could be sold more quickly.
Either way, there are pros and con's to each buying approach. Hopefully the Marshalls release the price information this time. If the coins were bought for more than the average market price during the time of the auction, I'll tip you a beer. :)
@_date: 2014-07-02 09:00:10
What methods do you currently have to transfer money to the US, or to people in e US?
@_date: 2014-05-08 06:23:54
Here is bitcoin in a nutshell: The Bitcoin Protocol is a payment system, and bitcoins are the currency used inside that system. You are welcome to use that line as an explanation of bitcoin; I've tried to explain it many different ways, and that single line works extremely well. 
Bitcoin is inherently anti-inflationary, because the supply growth is limited and will eventually stop altogether, and bitcoins are constantly lost (or effectively destroyed) when all backups of a wallet are lost or when an owner dies without giving anyone else access to them.
The most interesting subject for bitcoin, and most relevant (though probably beyond the scope of an econ 101 class), is the potential value of bitcoin based on it's utility for international transactions. This is the area where the traditional system has the greatest problems, but international payments pose no extra difficulty whatsoever in bitcoin. 
You will probably do best by ignoring the temporary technological headline-grabbers like a handful of new ATMs being installed somewhere or a new store accepting bitcoin. You should focus more on the fundamental aspects of it, as your class will really cover the fundamentals of economics.
@_date: 2014-03-13 06:36:03
The true value of the Bitcoin protocol, from my Bachelor's in Finance perspective, is that it is a very efficient payment method. The reduction in transaction cost is effectively a reduction in marginal production cost. Bitcoin therefore allows the economy to produce more. You could alternatively consider a system where a trade appears barely profitable, but the addition of transaction cost makes it unprofitable - bitcoin allows the trade to happen profitably, thus benefiting both parties.
The bitcoins themselves are just a clever way of rewarding early adopters and enforcing a standardized transaction medium ("standardized transaction medium" = a currency). They also encourage people to mine, which keeps the system working.
A system like the Bitcoin protocol could be created without any actual coins. That protocol only needs to eliminate the mining reward and include a way for a sender to better explain what he is sending. For example, if Adam gives a Goat to Bob in exchange for 4 chickens, a transaction could say "Adam sends 1 goat to Bob" and another transaction will say "Bob sends 4 chickens to Adam". You'll notice that a goat-for-chickens transaction is part of a barter economy. Using bitcoins or fiat as a standardization is just more efficient and easier.
Gold is VERY inefficient in everyday use as a currency, and there isn't even enough to use it as a currency. Every transaction requires either a trusted authority to guarantee the amount and quality of the gold offered, or requires the receiver to weigh and test it's purity. This adds cost to the transaction.   Gold is a nice way to store value, as long as you intend to hold it for a long time.
@_date: 2014-10-24 00:28:56
To develop a system that can consider such things? It's very damn hard, bordering on impossible.
Once the account is compromised, the thief could easily repeat the existing pattern and slip under the radar. 
Also, consider the number of other systems that have been hacked (that list even allegedly includes Gox), and the personal details available from those databases. A hacker could use that info to gain control over the account without the user knowing, if they connect all the datapoints. We already know that phishing emails have targeted Coinbase users.
@_date: 2014-11-07 03:21:40
Yes. 
In fact, mortgages already have their own blockchain. It's just written on papers in the Recorder's office of every county in the US, but those records are publicly available to anyone who wants to look. That's how people can tell who really owns land, and can trace every parcel back to the moment that it became a parcel.
The blockchain is actually an online and highly-redundant update to the Recorder system. It's pretty easy to explain the blockchain by using the real estate example.
@_date: 2014-04-16 18:59:01
An exchange with large volumes but slow transfer rates may help make the price "sticky", as economists call it. It will help prevent wild swings because it provides buywalls and sellwalls, effectively.
Sticky prices are good for the everyday economy, and are created by the everyday economy. For example, if the value of the US dollar drops by .1% in a day, my local grocery store will not go through the effort of updating all their prices overnight. So, the value of the dollar will be kept up by my local grocery store because it still has the same purchasing power there.
@_date: 2014-04-05 14:23:56
Nice! Considering that a Stradivarius violin was recently purchased with bitcoin, there could be a good combination of luxury names emerging. We just need to convince Krug and Louis Vitton to join as well.
@_date: 2014-04-17 23:12:45
How big would the blockchain be if printed out in microdot-sized text?
Several years ago there was some interest involving printing with holograms that could further compress the information. However, reading this without electronics becomes increasingly difficult.
@_date: 2014-03-25 17:41:34
We need to develop a way to prevent a potential greedy miner attack. The extra profit margin from such an attack is very high, and we are currently depending only on the goodwill of miners to prevent it.
@_date: 2014-04-10 01:07:38
Btcfun, you are right that Antonopolis is only an expert on bitcoin, and he does not have credibility as a financial advisor or as an independent observer. 
But, other people in the bitcoin community have been saying these things endlessly. Can we as a community drop the entire "Anyone who... Deserves to get..." thing? People take investment advice from other people all the time - they are called financial analysts and investment advisers. This is like saying "Anyone who has their car repaired by anyone else deserves to get ripped off" and "anyone who has their dental work done by someone else deserves to get cavities." I can extend it even more. Anyone who has their computer built by someone else deserves to have it crash. Anyone who has their meal cooked by someone else deserves to get food poisoning. Anyone who uses an electronic crypto-currency invented by an unknown person using a pseudonym, and which has been linked to drug transactions, deserves to.... We can fill in the rest of that sentence.
Economies for the last several thousand years have been successful because of the division of labor and specialization. If everyone had to do everything for themselves, the entire economy would crumble and we would revert to subsistence agriculture. We probably wouldn't even get that far - we would all die of dehydration within a few weeks.
@_date: 2014-05-07 01:40:06
@_date: 2014-11-16 03:28:11
Spikes will do that, it's what happens. I always try to keep my positions safe by a margin of at least 50% beyond what I think is realistically possible. Amateurs and hobbyist traders are more likely to lose out because they aren't familiar with the countless details or possibilities, through no fault of their own. If someone does it as a hobby, it's a hobby, they can't be expected to know as much as a professional, and many professionals start as hobbyists so we certainly cant tell the hobbyists that they shouldn't trade at all.
It's a risk that each trader needs to factor into their strategy. My sympathies go to anyone who was hurt because of exchange-caused errors - such as a price happening solely because the exchange stopped responding for a period, allowing orders to pile up, and causing the spike the moment it went back online. Such errors should be avoided, and large ones should (hopefully) be reversed or resolved by the exchange. But it can still happen.
Even a "no/low risk" strategy like arbitrage still has the risk that the exchange can disappear and take everyone's money with it. Like Gox.
@_date: 2014-04-27 20:43:09
I write the encrypted code for my paper wallet on $20 bills. When people steal the bills, they never even think about a bitcoin wallet, so all my money is safe!
I need to find a cheaper form of paper though. I'm saving a lot by not using gold leaf anymore, but I suspect I could save even more.
@_date: 2014-03-27 01:11:04
And so we would have Satoshi Cyber-Christ?
@_date: 2014-06-04 09:22:42
I can't tell you how much I appreciate this post. I never heard about FBARs at all until you mentioned it, and probably would not have heard about them at all.
This also scares me quite a bit - what other reports and filings am I legally required to make, but don't know about? The fees for not filing on this single item would be enough to bankrupt many bitcoin investors. 
Is there any type of account or set-up where we won't be subject to huge fines for not filing obscure reports that very few people know about? I'm fine with paying taxes, I do that already, but I am not fine with someone from the government trying to take my entire income because I didn't know about some random form that they never tell people about.
Also, if we prefer to keep our account or balance information private, is there any way to do that at all?
2 beers verify
@_date: 2014-03-23 23:29:27
If the account holder claims that they are mined, and the amount of coin is large enough, there are ways to demonstrate proof of mining power. The easiest would probably be a photo of the mining equipment next to paperwork showing the username, ID verification, etc - the same type of things that we get for AMA's easily.
If it's not mined, they would just need to show a history of owning the coins that dates to before they were taken out of Gox. This should be  easy to do. If they were put through a mixer, that would be pretty obvious and a giant red flag.
@_date: 2014-08-31 02:08:12
You are very knowledgable, but let's not waste time feeding the trolls.
Personally, I'm convinced that there are at least a few trolls with 6+ accounts, considering voting patterns.
@_date: 2014-03-19 23:18:37
Website issues and deep database intrusions are vastly different things. A real hacker wouldn't fiddle with the front-end website, as that would alert everyone that there is a problem.
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:39:58
$540 million? Amateurs. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 14:27:29
Hi Charlie, we hope you are doing well. Is there any way to kick the legal process into speed? This ordeal has taken a big portion of your life away already, and it is preventing you from moving forward. Is there any plan for you to collect reparations once you are found innocent?
If the federal prosecutors have kids, those prosecutors would be livid if their kids were treated the same way you are treated.
Also, why not skype if you can't go in person?
@_date: 2014-04-21 05:28:31
THAT is a major no-no, and pretty much any professional in the financial field can tell you that mixing wallets is a **horrible** idea. Mixing of personal and business funds is one of the largest indicators of a failing business. This sub may not be a business, but the principle still applies.
Also, it means that he must pay tax on ALL those funds, whether they are his or not. The IRS can very easily link the account to him, it's on public forums, and the IRS does not need a warrant or any legal approval to read public information.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:00:55
No, they wont. It looks like Gox raided the customer's funds and accounts. Otherwise, it's not really possible for them to loose 700,000+ bitcoins. That's probably 10% of the entire tradeable market (as we should remove Satoshi's untouched coins along with all other lost ones). Gox didn't have that as their private stash, those were customer coins.
It's all gone. Everything connected with Gox is gone. The coins, cash deposits, everything. That's how a failure like this works.
Now MAYBE they didn't raid all the customer coins and the accounts could be incorporated into one of the other exchanges, but that is unlikely. Given how Gox acted over the past two weeks, they probably were the ones placing massive sell orders across the other exchanges. Otherwise, they would have announced that all the coins are safe but the company is not, and created a simple system for people to move their coins to other wallets.
There are only two questions left: when and where did all the coins go? And how much longer will Karpeles be alive?
@_date: 2014-05-03 13:08:51
Exactly. Being able to use the same term two different ways in a sentence gets very, very confusing. I have had missed appointments in the Spanish-speaking world because "manana" means both "morning" and "tomorrow". 
Anyone saying "Just ask for clarification, shesh, it's not that hard!" does not have this experience. You can get clarification, but the other person may misunderstand your question and "clarify" the wrong part of the sentence - thus giving you the completely wrong answer, and you won't know it's the wrong answer.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:39:46
Probably not. If they could have done that, they would have announced it. It looks like Mt. Gox spent all customer assets, both fiat and coins.
If Gox was a real bank, the entire management team would be running to the nearest police station and begging to be locked in a guarded cell. Protection of customer assets is something of a sacred subject in the banking community (excluding investment funds which are subject to risk), so any raiding of customer fiat balances would violate this. This is the type of crime that the management team would be sent to prison for. The executives of MF Global are currently facing this, though justice is taking far too long to reach them.
@_date: 2014-07-27 01:32:26
Like it or not, we live in a world run by legislators and politicians. We need to work within the regulations. There's no realistic way around it, no matter how much online bravado and outrage is posted.
@_date: 2014-06-05 01:19:46
Buy a few hundred dollars worth of bitcoin, at most, to start. Make a purchase or two with it - lots of good VPN services accept it, and they are one of the more common spending points. Also, open a wallet or account at another exchange, and send a bit of bitcoin there. Basically, get a little experience and familiarity with it.
After a few weeks or a month, maybe put $1000 into it if you have gotten the hang of using it. Maybe buy $1000 more the next month, and continue the process. I wouldn't put more than $10,000 into it. Obviously, use a decent unique password for any online wallet and have backups of any offline wallet, and insert whatever other standard boilerplate warnings here.
There's not much actual upside from investing more than $10,000, to be honest. If bitcoin increased 20-fold in value, you'll have $200,000 that you can put into other traditional investments that actually make money (stocks, bonds, etc), rather than just appreciate. Someone may try to jump on me and say that $400,000 is better than $200,000, and it is, but that extra $200,000 will have a marginally smaller effect on your life. $200,000 is more than enough to start a nestegg for a retirement several decades from now, and hopefully won't be enough to scream "spend me now!" 
Source: I have a finance degree and worked in the banking industry.
@_date: 2014-11-11 17:51:10
The market research should have started with a search for names that are not taken. There are companies which have a sole function of developing project and brand names, and this is one of the earliest steps in the process.
Why they decided to violate a registered trademark without making a license agreement first, I'll never know. They are just wasting money.
@_date: 2014-03-04 06:43:24
It's pretty rare for a consumer to just buy a house from a former owner by simply handing over money. It just doesn't work like that - there are documents that must be signed to legally transfer the property, and at the very least the seller will have someone represent them via Power Of Attorney. There will also be a selling agent, and hopefully a title company involved if the property is not in one of the states with sky-high title company fees.
The title company would arrange for funds to be transferred electronically from bank to bank, and help set up an international wire transfer if needed. Western Union would not be used for this. And imagine if Western Union was used - that means the sellers will get cash from the office in Nigeria, and keep it with them until they return home. How many people want to walk around Nigeria with thousands of dollars in their pocket?
Finally, even if (by some insane fluke) the sellers were legit, this setup would result in such convoluted and poor paperwork that the documents probably would be rejected by the county recorder's office, and it certainly would not hold up in court.
The lady at Western Union did a good job.
Sources: I know from professional experience how mortgages and home purchases work.
@_date: 2014-03-31 02:59:19
You don't need to bother keeping records unless you start making more than $3 per day, every day.
As a dependent, you can have up to $1,000 of "unearned" income per year and not file taxes on it. "Unearned" income is income from things like interest or profit from stock sales (which is how the IRS treats bitcoin).
Source: I used to do taxes professionally, and the IRS guide is at    (IRS guides are boring to read; the part that is relevant to you is the section titled "Unearned Income Only")
@_date: 2014-04-15 02:02:19
I was reading through it while I wrote my post. The complaint did not include any evidence, it just made claims.
@_date: 2014-08-21 06:15:35
Interesting; I had heard it mentioned once or twice but never looked into it. Unfortunately, I can't find anything explaining how safecoin would actually work. 
To use bandwidth for 'mining', the only system I can think of is for one machine to send out a signed transaction to another machine, and have that other machine recognize the transaction as a new block - it would inform the original sender, and they could split the block reward. A miner cannot be allowed to recognize a block that it has created, because it could do that so much faster than a networked system could. There are ways to do this, but it is very difficult to enforce the diversity of links that the network strives for.
@_date: 2014-07-29 12:24:40
That made my morning! 1 beer verify.
@_date: 2014-05-03 13:21:17
This is a perfect example of why we should use the 1000 division and not the 1000000: You did the conversion wrong even when making an example and paying extra attention to getting it right.
If you go to Columbia where the conversion is 2000 to 1, you quickly realize how annoying all the 0's becomes. And using the 1,000,000 division means that bitcoin will NEVER reach near parity with the US Dollar. In order to do that, the bitcoin market cap will be the same order of magnitude of the entire global economy. And the global economy is a multiple of the amount of currency.
@_date: 2014-02-26 05:51:30
EDIT: Actually, nullc explains it all right here: 
Basically, Mt Gox was sending out immature coins, and they were rejected by the network because they were not mature yet - they need at least 100 confirmations (see last paragraph at  ). When these were rejected, Gox apparently made a NEW transaction with DIFFERENT coins. Both these transactions are valid, the one with immature coins just takes a few hours before the network verifies it, so both these transactions will be approved by the network without conflict.
Additionally, Mt Gox was also sending out new transactions based on the textID issue, possibly with different coins as well, and that would also hemorage money out of the exchange.
Gox should have seen their wallet emptying, and they probably did. They may have figured that they need to fix the immature coin issue, and the easiest way to do that is to use a source of coins that are all mature. And there is one great source of aged coins: the cold wallet. 
@_date: 2014-04-01 04:34:18
You're the man Charlie, and you know you are innocent. Do whatever is best for you.
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:09:10
I told one of my friends a few months ago not to buy it, but he kept insisting that it had been rising in value rapidly. The oft-repeated phrase "past performance does not guarantee future profits" is lost on some people.
@_date: 2014-09-24 00:12:57
I usually spend and buy at the exact same time whenever possible to avoid this.
@_date: 2014-08-17 02:01:38
Belarus is on the list? What has Belarus done to join the naughty list?
I haven't kept up with their politics, but based on the Belorussians I know, they have an interesting habit of being proudly pro-Russian, except in cases where they have an opportunity to be pro-Belorussian. It's like "I'd like to support my country, but we're not really involved... so Russia is close enough." 
@_date: 2014-04-18 14:45:22
Statement: "I'm very wary of bitcoin."
My response: "Good. We are still working out a lot of the details and security issues, and probably have several more years of work before we can really promote it for everyone. Don't put any money into it if you are unsure or don't think you can deal with security issues."
Let's be honest, we all know that there are **big** security issues with the bitcoin ecosystem currently, even if the protocol is still perfectly secure. Only a very small portion of users have only private offline wallets, the majority of users just have an online wallet and hope that security is good enough. Double signature wallets are a great idea and very promising, but we don't know what potential vulnerabilities exist. We are just discovering vulnerabilities in 2FA implementations, like how some systems can be compromised if the hacker also has access to the email account.
I could accidentally leave my wallet, ID, cellphone, and checkbook on a table at a restaurant, and I would not be responsible for any losses from my bank account or credit cards. But, the person finding those items would have all my ID info and could easily get access to my email and 2FA, and they could start withdrawing my bitcoin. The current systems cost more and generate profit for other people, but they also allow me to go through life without constant hassle of using multiple safeguards which are each a potential critical failure (2FA with a broken phone means you can't use your bitcoin). I'll pay for the convenience of not caring.
Last but not least, we cannot protect the person who uses "password" as their password. Banks can. My parents use the same simple password for absolutely everything. I have told them that they are not, under any condition, to put money into bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-03-23 00:29:15
I think the tax issues of the Gox collapse will take a few years, and a few rounds of court cases, to clear up.
I wouldn't bother loosing sleep over the idea that someone may try to visit you and steal your money. There are lots of very, very wealthy people with public addresses. Just don't keep stacks of gold under your bed. Speaking of which, there ARE people who count out their gold in videos and post it on youtube - so everyone can see that they keep it at home. Those people probably are not very tech savvy and someone can find a way to their home address if they try hard enough.
You can always buy a home security system, but it's best to put it on a separate phone line if you do, because the system will use that line when you may otherwise need it.
Other than that, the best financial advice is to diversify your assets.
@_date: 2014-08-13 13:18:31
If we don't have a half-decent Foundation that can present some sort of organized 'consensus' to the world, then we're in trouble. The community needs some entity that is an easy go-to for the media and people who know nothing about Bitcoin, and the Foundation is the best we have for that.
Otherwise, what are journalists supposed to do? Spend weeks learning about bitcoin so they can report accurately? Not gonna happen; they have other things to do. The same for members of the public; no kne's going to invest the time to learn about this stuff if the community is completely disorganized and focused on cannibalistic in-fighting on the forums and Reddit.
@_date: 2015-01-05 04:21:43
How about the Instavalanche?
@_date: 2015-01-02 13:55:02
Came here to say this.
Enron sponsored sports teams. Should I refuse to attend their games based solely on that sponsorship? 
There is so much trolling in this subreddit that it is disturbing. If we just banned alt accounts, that would make a big difference, because there are a lot of votes that come out of nowhere.
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:23:15
Simple. Just crash your bike into those cars. It's been done before.
Wear a helmet. A big, metal, heavy helmet, preferably with a neckguard. With NYPD, maybe a suit of armor would be needed too.
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:48:41
How did these guys get so many coins from investors?
People like me who **actually do arbitrage and market analysis**, which is basically what all these fake investments claim to do, have always made clear that this type of return is not possible.
As far as I know, I have the most advanced arbitrage platform in the Bitcoin ecosystem, and I would love to see someone else make a better one. But profits like that are not possible. If it was possible, I would have retired months ago.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:41:26
Stay for the long game, and buy only small amounts at a time. Dollar-cost averaging is your friend.
@_date: 2014-03-06 04:56:11
It should be a trivial task for the merchant's wallet to ensure that it is not receiving the same coins from different transactions, so payment processors can easily solve this. The network should be developed so that transactions are routed through the major wallet and payment processor nodes ASAP (an express lane, so to speak), and spread to the wider network in the normal fashion.
Also, some intentional double-spending may be built into the payment network that is developing. If, for some reason, you are not sure that a transaction went through, you can simply double-spend by repeating the transaction with the same coins. There may need to be some protocol built between the wallet softwares so that the merchant can say "please re-spend the same coins", or the user could manually tell the wallet to do it.  The network will ensure that the transaction is only done once.
I am working on an idea for an altcoin that could overcome the network delay issues in some ways. The general idea is as feasible as bitcoin, but details need to be solved, refined, and optimized.
@_date: 2014-11-13 13:50:06
Regulators were not the cause. Lack of regulation and lack of enforcement of regulation was the cause.
My source: my job for a few years was directly related to everything that collapsed in 2008, starting a few years after the collapse. I know exactly what happened and what went wrong because I held those documents in my hands and told people to do their goddamn jobs properly, and my job was to prevent some of the same problems from happening again for the company that I worked for. That company has been fine ever since.
So yeah I'm a bit of an insider expert on the subject.
@_date: 2014-10-17 02:20:35
It's refreshing to see positive spirit and constructive talk in the community again. A lot of people got tired of being told that they were scammers for using bitcoin, or mindless sheep for not hating the traditional system, and just stopped participating.
Sure dissent is welcome, it can be great. But really we're all here to have fun and feel better about ourselves, and that camaraderie can exist even if everyone disagrees.
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:10:27
So wouldn't that make them prettier?  The only 'disadvantage' I have ever found for synthetic diamonds is that they were not dug out of the ground and sold for a huge markup.  Otherwise, they seem superior in every way: better clarity, custom and consistent color, cheaper, etc.
@_date: 2015-01-26 23:20:20


He's calling your comments naive because they are. It's also not an ad-hominem, as it is clear that he directed the remark to "your comments" rather than you personally, and it simply is his observation and not a pointed insult. You have also been callous towards those on this subreddit who have lost a great deal of money through one way or another - often due to the criminal actions of others. 
You may not care about that, and it is obvious that you dont care, and indeed you choose to blame the victims while arguing that those who committed the actual crime should not be legally responsible for their actions.
@_date: 2015-01-12 14:02:11
I believe that, if you attempt to further your argument, you will benefit from knowing this: [the Texas Sharpshooter fallacy](
@_date: 2015-01-26 22:20:59
So you've run background checks on how many people and companies?
Alright, what are the names of the CEO and developers who made the wallet /website that you use? What other companies were they work for before joining this company? And what jurisdiction is their company registered in? If you ran background checks on them, you would already know much of this information - even if you checked a year ago, you would have some passing memory of it today.
@_date: 2015-01-14 00:24:07
Yep, the influx of the uninformed is often a good sign of a market bubble. I had people asking me about real estate in 2006 and 2007, and they didn't want to hear "no" as my advice.
@_date: 2014-08-31 22:37:28
I'm pretty sure they have a supply of fiat and coins to float on. On average, they will gain almost as much as they lose from volatility, so it won't make much difference.
If they have huge orders in one day, they may delay their own trading to even out the market.
@_date: 2015-01-15 13:53:12
But on the other hand all the money in the swiss economy, and all the money the swiss government can print, is now worth more.
@_date: 2015-01-11 16:01:19
This is why we need a private subreddit for those who are confirmed to own bitcoin. The public subreddit should still be available, especially for newbies, but there is so much trolling and anti-trolling that many veterans have left this subreddit already.
When Andreas first posted after the Neo &amp; Bee incident, there were so many troll posts to that thread blaming him for all evil in the world with 10 or 20 upvotes it was disgusting.
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:26:19
"pip" is quite a good name, actually. I like it, and I havn't found any other names that I liked.
@_date: 2015-01-30 03:36:40
The prices during the upward leap are all based on a manipulated market from Gox's buying. They should be removed from any price analysis - just leave a big blank area on the chart.
Including that manipulated price in your calculations will just give you the wrong answers. Its as though you measure your car's gas mileage while traveling down a steep slope - the test conditions are completely manipulated and the only thing you know about the data is that it is inaccurate.
Edit: but, people have more fun ignoring this fact than adjusting a chart, so do whatever makes you happy. Just please dont give advice based on these charts or suggest that these charts are reliable.
@_date: 2015-01-14 00:31:53
Yes it can be done. But, it means payment processors will act as intermediaries for both sides of every transaction - which is something that Bitcoin was intended to avoid.
@_date: 2015-01-14 00:09:34
Rule number 347 of the internet is: don't take investment advice from strangers on the internet.
Did you not receive the Internet User Manual? I'll sell you an extra copy. The book is more an investment than a book so its really priceless, but I'll sell it to you for the special discounted price of 1 Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-16 19:40:18
This has nothing to do with Bitcoin. It would be a tax on traditional investment transactions, which is about as far from Bitcoin as possible.
Also, it will never happen. I can't even find a reason that this is a story. Its about as old and unlikely as those rare "so-and-so will reinstate the draft" stories.
@_date: 2014-04-18 22:48:16
That is excellent, but there seems to be a critical lack of accounting and financial professionals in the industry. Every company with more than a handful of employees should at least have one on a contract or consulting basis.
We are in desperate need of a CPA or auditing firm that specializes in bitcoin-related businesses. This is not a complicated specialty, we just need to start working on it. Many companies hold assets of changing value - gold for example, and many hold non-physical assets - like patents or intellectual property.
@_date: 2015-01-23 13:51:34
Btc-e has been reliable to me and their support is reachable. I dont trust them with any large amount, as they are the last of the "wild west" generation of exchanges and promised to do a proof of reserve years ago but have not delivered on it.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:13:57
But where did they send it all to?  Why was Gox solvent until now?  Did anyone discover and exploit this?
And if this was happening enough to drain the cold wallet, someone would have reported it.  People have reported smaller exchange errors before.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:38:45
Little did customers know that the miner makers had this planned all along.
Fires are not flaws, they are features!
@_date: 2015-01-05 04:21:08
I'd guess that someone is testing a program. I've seen crazier things done by automated programs. 
Anyone remember that time when an arbitrage bot went nuts on btc-e and ended up paying something like $20,000 in fees? It was set wrong and just kept moving funds, paying 0.2% every time until it ran out of money.
Testing is very important.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:35:16
I am waiting for the halving to see the price of Bitcoin go up again.
Bitcoin isn't deflationary like so many claim. For the majority of my lifetime, it will be inflationary. We should have started with 10 million coins and lower mining rewards, but that would never have caught on.
The next halving is critical, and I the one after that will be good. Until then, its a long hill downward.
@_date: 2015-01-06 01:13:11
Did Bitstamp have any presence at CES? They could have planned to announce something there - a new website design, business deal, ATMs, anything. Such an announcement will probably be delayed for a while as they focus on this issue and wait for the smoke to clear.
A website redesignredesign or new service could open a potential security flaw, but that is purely speculation.
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:51:49
It seems so, except it is routed through the Bitcoin network rather than the established inter-bank transfer systems.
@_date: 2015-01-10 12:53:53
They promised a proof of reserves nearly a year ago, but never delivered.
I hope they are solvent, but they are the last of the Wild West era exchanges.
@_date: 2015-01-25 18:23:17
You don't understand the concept of bulk discounts, or supply and demand.
The auction provides an influx of new coins - hence greatly increased supply. More supply, same demand, the price will go down due to elasticity.
But, you started by being rude, so I doubt you're planning to learn anything anyway.
@_date: 2014-09-07 17:06:46
The Supra is awesome, but hard to find - especially unmodified ones. The MR2 is pretty good, but not in the same league.
@_date: 2014-08-20 12:54:10
They are using the understanding that the word "bitcoin" is both singular and plural - which is really the right way to do it, as "1 bitcoin" and "1.00001 bitcoin" are equally valid within the source code code. Basically, keep purchases at less than $10,000, and you won't need to pay tax.
If you buy and sell/spend bitcoin regularly, the purchase price of your coins will be close enough to the price when sold that you shouldn't need to figure their original cost 99% of the time. If you buy a car or house, that's a different story, but in the real world most people arrange for a traditional financing method (loan or mortgage) for those things anyway, so they couldn't pay in bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2015-01-04 08:00:18
That sounds more plausible to me. I doubt that any significant number of btc are held by traditional investors as a small component of a diversified portfolio, and simply treated like any other asset.
That's how btc should be treated if held as an investment, but that's the same "should" that we use when saying people should hold their btc in private wallets with encrypted paper backups stored in many locations - people simply don't do it.
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:09:40
Yep. I've been trying to get oversight and auditors for my own platform that uses software to manage investments, including Bitcoin, and the Big 4 accounting firms won't touch Bitcoin - they have too much reputation at stake, and I can't blame them. Arthur Anderson, one of the largest companies in the world, was destroyed because their audits didn't catch the fraud at Enron (even though technically they were not hired to do audits that would be extensive enough to detect that kind of fraud).
If I approached with a few million dollars to pay fees, I'm sure they could get enough lawyers to find a way to do it. But, no small company has that type of money for audits.
A basic legal framework would go a very long way. Otherwise, business owners will need to spend a fortune on lawyers, which may not even protect them. Our decentralized no-responsibility system might be nice for individuals, but I did not enjoy telling a potential investor to put his checkbook away because there is no legal way to invest other people's money.
@_date: 2015-01-29 14:31:08
The idea of not having a logo or symbol is just misguided, and made by those who may not understand the power of brand naming, or the scope of what can be called a brand.
Brands are not limited to products. The US is a brand, along with every other country. "Made in USA" is something that people like to see on products, while "made in Italy" is good on clothing, etc.
Everything is a brand in some form or another.
@_date: 2015-01-14 00:21:30
People are not throwing out of Bitcoin - probably the opposite.
The drop in price is due to miner's sales to cover their cost of mining. Bitcoin is in an inflationary stage right now, and the influx of new owners simply is not as fast as the rate of mining rewards. This drop is a natural process for the market.
@_date: 2014-07-09 04:51:32
Yes, you are exactly right regarding the fee variance, which is the point. This system is made to ensure that more transactions will be sent and verified, but without more fees being paid. Every transaction will have a potential payoff to the miner, so miners will have the incentive to include all transactions. The existing problem of 0-fee transactions taking hours to clear would be solved, as those transactions could include a minuscule fee - less than 1 Satoshi on average.
The fee variance should roughly even out with each block as long as there are more than a few dozen transactions, which. Is expected as the network expands.
@_date: 2014-04-18 05:08:07
Urban Dictionary.
@_date: 2015-01-05 04:14:10
I would suggest holding for a little bit, but there should be no harm in buying some coin and sending it to another safe address.
I would suggest buying and sending a small amount first, just to make sure it hits the blockchain properly. Also, take screenshots of your balances, just in case. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 19:42:17
Not till the very end. They still had USD/BTC trading internally for weeks or months, and allowed transactions between Gox accounts. This helped fuel ridiculous price swings, until the market got used to it.
There was a point when the internal Gox price (which was 30% of the external price) could jump or fall 20% over a few minutes.
@_date: 2015-01-14 00:11:43
Look at it this way: you still have USD, which has done great against the ruble. So, the gain from USD/RUB should balance out the loss from USD/BTC.
@_date: 2015-01-21 20:22:09
Transcripts are good for the community's public records. I'm surprised there is no bulk discount for many pages, but that's beyond our control.
$2 @_date: 2015-01-06 13:53:48
I saw that in 2013, then again in 2014. Both times I wondered "it hasn't dropped that low..."
@_date: 2015-01-07 20:51:01
VC money is to allow for expansion. That requires a lot of capital, and a lot of extra money just for a safety margin.
Many very successful small companies have failed because they couldn't quite balance their books while expanding. The expenses grow first, then the income takes months or years to catch up, so it is very easy to briefly overspend and find yourself with an empty bank account.
@_date: 2015-01-10 12:49:46
Have they even contacted authorities so that the investigation can lead to a criminal trial? That would set a good precedent.
@_date: 2015-01-19 07:10:02
Bitcoin is currently very inflationary. It may be deflationary in the next 30 or 40 years; but then again, so may the dollar.
Also, leveraged trades dont use "fictional" anything they use real Bitcoin that have been borrowed from someone else. Derivities.are different, but those dont trade Bitcoin themselves and dont have the same kind of effect on the market.
@_date: 2015-01-04 08:06:25
Am I the only one who read that as "orifice"?
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:24:43
Get some training wheels, dip them in paint, and ride wherever you want. That will paint the bike lane as you ride.
@_date: 2015-01-05 23:29:43
No, that won't work. The most the community could do is name someone and say they've been a bad person. 
This is why we have a government system outside of Bitcoin and the internet. If the coins were stolen by a rogue employee or a hacker, it may be possible to trace that person down, arrest them, and throw them in jail.
We pay for that legal system, so we should use it. There's no use in anyone telling Bitstamp that it's their own fault for not having a 100% secure system, because that type of security is impossible. It's the thief's fault for being a thief, and we have a legal system that should act accordingly.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:02:18
Former bank employee here:
Credit reports can be run as a way to verify identity, and honestly it is one of the best ways to do it in the US. If you provided your name and other info to have a verified account, they may ask for approval to verify identity, and can use the credit report to do that. The credit report has several independent sources that all trace back to your name, address, and SSN, so that's usually the best method to look for mismatches.
Otherwise, identity can be verified by providing an original Social Security card, or possibly an original birth certificate. Without credit reports, verifying identity is not as easy as it may seem.
I dont know if this is Coinbase's reason, but that is my best estimate from several years of professional experience.
@_date: 2015-01-07 21:29:53
Probably not. It is a standard requirement for all banking services, and many money transmitting services.
I doubt Coinbase is reporting any information voluntarily to the IRS unless they are absolutely required to. And even if they do report, it is easy to show you do not owe any taxes if you listen to the masses of free advice available from experts. And if someone does make a profit from a Bitcoin investment, then they *do* legally owe tax on it - they are breaking the law if they hide it. The IRS has shown little interest in pursuing any profits from Bitcoin investments, so really no one will encounter this problem anyway.
As long as no one flaunts it like an idiot , it is not worth the IRS's time to trace down Bitcoin profits. It is too costly for them to do, and too hard for them to collect.
@_date: 2015-01-24 16:31:41
Fractional reserve is how banking fundamentally works. Without it, there is no banking. Do you have a checking account, savings account, mortgage, or credit card? That's all thanks to fractional reserve. The loans are facilitated by fractional reserve, and the banks offer the checking/savings accounts to gather funds for that reserve.
If banks dont have a fractional reserve, then they have no money to lend (other than their own profits - which would make them an investment bank rather than consumer bank, a completely different business). That means they will have no profits unless they charge monthly fees for all accounts, which would pay for their employees and deposit insurance. And if the banks go the route of being investment banks, then there will be no money for leverage of investments unless they pay huge interest rates, so ergo no more investments.
If you dont like fractional reserve banking, then keep your money as cash in an safety deposit box.
Abolition of fractional reserve is the stupidest idea I have ever heard. You could argue to increase the reserve margin, but the abolition is at best a disguised attempt to destroy banking. If you want to destroy banking, come out and say exactly that.
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:33:17
A kidney.
There will be a great market for it, as we'll all need transplants after drowning our sorrows.
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:39:15
I disagree that they are legally allowed to do it - at least not if they are considered some sort of money transmitter or custodian of customer's funds.
The principal of separating company from customer assets has been in law for a very long time; its been violated, but only rarely (and most in the financial industry want to see long prison sentences for those who violate it). Even if funds are all mixed into some single account, the amounts of customer funds can still be identified and given priority. Most accounts exist only on paper anyway, so it is hard to say that funds are truly mixed or not.
I wish o could cite specific laws, but honestly banking laws are so extensive and nuanced, and vary by state, that its hopeless to even look for the statute.
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:47:06
You made me laugh. I shouldn't admit to that, but I found it too funny.
@_date: 2015-01-19 07:17:03
I remember from 18 months to a year ago. It was 80% libertarians, but they were not too bad - most had a respectful difference of opinion.
I was working for a bank at the time and have a finance education. The ignorance in some places was palpable, and a lot of intelligent posts got downvoted for explaining how the world outside Bitcoin really works.
It didn't get bad until trolls popped up shouting "its all your fault" at everyone who was a victim of a scam (reality check: its a scammer's fault for being a scammer). I'm half-convinced that a lot of the people doing that were actual scammers who were trying to shame people away from contacting authorities.
@_date: 2015-01-08 17:18:28
Just because he disagrees with a flawed analysis doesn't mean he is wrong.
TA and Fibonacci ratios will only take you so far, even in day trading. Many investors (including many of the most successful ones) ignore TA completely and invest purely on value.
@_date: 2015-01-06 01:31:48
Their known cold wallet address currently has 120k btc. They may have others. If someone can post it, its appreciated. I can't do so on mobile.
They also have significant venture capital, so they probably have access to enough cash to cover the amount as needed. Still, investors are not happy when this happens, but they know it is one of the risks before investing.
@_date: 2015-01-11 16:06:51
It's the general principal of "be good to each other".
See, there's a big difference between insulting someone and encouraging them. Here's an example of insulting: "quit whining! Why dont you shut up and actually do something?". Here's an example of encouraging: "That's a good idea, it would be great if you could get that started."
The biggest effect is that the insulting example will make the receiver feel angry and jilted. The second example, however, will make the receiver happy and encouraged.
Which response has a better effect for the community?
@_date: 2014-04-26 02:04:10
I was about to make the exact same justification.
However, I think we should go down to 1/1,000th of a bitcoin, and not to 1/1,000,000. Bitcoin can sustain a price per denomination of several hundred dollars - it's doing it right now - and stocks can do the same. 
Splitting down to 1/1,000 would give a unit value of $.45, which is fairly good for real-world use. Also, the number of current bitcoins would increase to 10 billion. If they reach a value of $100 each, the market capitalization would be **1 trillion US dollars**. Even the most optimistic bulls do not expect bitcoin to be worth $1 trillion.
@_date: 2015-01-06 01:26:21
Contact Bitstamp ASAP to ensure the hitmen are called off.
Then, arrange to send the BTC back once a secure and usable wallet can be confirmed ($5 million is too much to just say "sure, just email me an address and I'll send it").
Also, with this much Btc, any white hat (good hacker) would put themselves at risk if they announced that they did it. They may never announce it, even after sending it back.
There may also be negotiations for providing a tip for the white hat. This amount is more than enough to retire on, and more than any standard tip amount, so accountants and lawyers may need to be involved to handle legal issues, as in many jurisdictions it is illegal to pay a hacker, even if it's technically a 'tip'.
However, if it was a white hat, Bitstamp would not have announced it like this, and probably would be able to patch the error faster. Maybe the hacker will contact them to make a deal to avoid being persued legally, but still keep a portion of the Btc. Most thieves dont think like that, but then again most thieves can't steal BTC.
@_date: 2014-05-20 02:10:53
Asside from all the issues Mr. Pierce has tried to address, it must be pointed out that Charlie Shrem resigned from the Bitcoin Foundation almost immediately when he was accused and arrested. IIRC, Charlie had very little time between the formal accusation and the arrest.
Mr. Pierce does present a considerable case in his defense, and it is good to hear his side of the story.
@_date: 2014-03-28 20:13:16
The biggest benefit to your company would probably be with small suppliers or customers who pay via credit card or any other method with high fees, and they are willing to transact in bitcoin.
Don't forget that it takes money to integrate a bitcoin system into your existing accounting procedures. So, it may not be worthwhile, even over a term of several years. If it saves money, great; but if it would lose money, wait. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 17:59:27
I think you could contact Coinbase and ask them how they handle the accounts of deceased customers. As they have over 1 million wallets, if we estimate that they tend to have healthy young-ish userbase with maybe a 1-in-2000 chance of dying each year ([source]( then about 500 of their customers have already died.
Considering their size and credibility, they could build a service to help descendants liquidate bitcoin assets. It is very important to have a strong, established, and legally-overseen service because there is always the chance that a spouse in the process of divorce could falsely claim that the bitcoin owner died.
If Coinbase doesn't have anything in the works for this, there is a slight chance I may get to work with a group who would be able to provide this service within a few years.
@_date: 2014-07-17 02:47:07
Please send a copy of the Mortgage Credit Analysis Worksheet. Your underwriter will have it; it's an internal document but they will send it if you request it. It's a 1-page summary of your finances, so it will make all the info very convenient.
Or a copy of the assets page of the URLA (Uniform Residential Loan Application) would work too.
I used to work in the mortgage industry, and honestly it's not too crazy to use bitcoin as assets. Almost any investment can be used as an asset, as long as it has a clear price or appraisal for resale. We've cleared loans using artwork or classic cars as assets. Proof of assets is NOT a big part of the loan, and many loans can close with only proof that the borrower can pay closing costs on their own. Proof of income is more important, by far.
@_date: 2015-01-13 17:30:44
Oh defiantly.
@_date: 2014-06-17 02:48:55
I disagree, for three reasons: pointers, header files, and strings.
For a beginner, header files are just another source of problems. Pointers are even more so - sure they may be powerful and teach the user more, but a beginner should not get bogged down by memory address issues. Regarding strings, C++ carries some of C's complication of using arrays of characters instead of actual strings. After these problems, the average user will be faced with creating a GUI, which I believe C++ still does not have built in.
Python is a good place to start. Other than that, Java or C# would be good. All three have large communities and a lot of documentation to help you get started. Java and C# are the most common languages today as well.
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:50:36
Gox was leaking coins left, right, and center. They may have tried to plug the gap with the cold wallet, but ran out of time before they could fix their accounting. Now they dont know what coins they do or don't have.
This is consistent with the messages coming out of Gox and the recent interview with Karpeles. It also jives with the vulnerabilities that have been known about Gox.
@_date: 2015-03-18 08:40:11
I've seen more scams go by than I care to think about. It's the biggest stain on Bitcoin as any form of legitimate currency or business.
@_date: 2016-05-28 03:15:00
So in this case, the bakery needs to hide some bread from normal sales, and accept only Bitcoin for it. Or they could do the same with cash and just ignore the price controls, which is pretty much the same thing.
But if they set their own bitcoin-based price and don't adjust it, they are fine, as long as no one claims that they are using a BS conversion rate.
@_date: 2016-05-28 03:18:10
The problem is getting Bitcoin to them in the first place. When they buy bitcoin, *someone* ends up with the fiat that they paid. But no one wants to be stuck with the rapidly-depreciating fiat that is useless anywhere outside Venezuela. 
Their only option is to sell online services overseas, and accept Bitcoin for payment. That's hard to do on short notice, and practically impossible for any established company (and probably legally impossible, due to the massive prison risks).
@_date: 2016-05-29 02:17:22
That is more effort than 98% of the population will go through, and more knowledge than 99.9% of the population has. It also requires the heirs, or at least the executor of your estate, to understand how to use all that, and to preserve all that info securely.
So, I hope your lawyer's office lasts forever and has excellent backup and data security policies.
I'm not saying you have an inferior system, indeed yours seems quite good. But you are the prototype, and I'm sure you know the risks.
@_date: 2015-02-11 22:57:36
The amazing thing is, if you put a bunch of an caps in an empty village for a few weeks or months, they will have formed a government by the time you return. Chances are that its a more dictatorial government than the one they all opposed in the first place.
That extremist viewpoint doesn't seem to understand that governments actually have a use.
@_date: 2015-02-12 13:55:06
Your purchase history can reveal a lot. It is also used to detect fraudulent transactions. Those detection programs have gotten pretty good.
@_date: 2015-02-12 14:03:37
There is a reason that every developed country has clear regulations over investments and the companies that allow public investment and trading of those investments.
There is nothing requiring companies to submit honest financial statements other than laws and regulation. Its far too easy for a company to claim profitability to get investment, then magically run at a loss while siphoning money to the real owners.
These are legal protections for investors. It is hopelessly impractical for individual investors to be responsible for monitoring the company to ensure compliance.
@_date: 2015-02-12 20:16:37
It may be able to put some finances on the block chain, but payments must be sent to suppliers at some point, and those probably won't be in Bitcoin. In an all-bitcoin economy it may be feasible, which would be nice.
@_date: 2015-02-05 18:40:54
Its not unheard of for an exchange to have 0 transactions over a few minutes, it actually used to be fairly common for bitfinex.
Also, there could be an API error in which the server stops responding for a few minutes, or claims no trades. Most graphing programs should show constant price during those times.
@_date: 2015-02-17 17:36:51
Thank you for understanding economics!
Also, in the short term we should remember that Bitcoin is inflationary, until the loss of coin from accidents exceeds the production from mining.
@_date: 2015-02-12 20:19:23
If paternalism is informing people of the risk of investing in companies that have no legal requirement to disclose anything, then you can call me Mac Daddy.  :)
This is the funny thing about this sub. There are people running around saying that a person should not depend on anyone else to secure their money, meanwhile posters like you curse at people who advise caution. It's as if you want to keep people uninformed, just so trolls can laugh at them when they lose money.
Just how do you expect people to be informed, when people like you would rather silence the people with information?
@_date: 2016-05-28 02:43:16
I'll probably get downvoted for this, but this is one of the benefits of the traditional banking system. No matter what happens, how many passwords you lose, they still hold your money for you and will give it to you based on your identity. Even if someone commits massive identity theft and manages to take your money out of your account, the bank is liable for it and they have to pay up.
Even after you die, and take all passwords and ID info with you, the bank gives the money to your legal heirs. Bitcoin won't do that. If I die tomorrow, my Bitcoin will sit in various accounts forever, until eventually someone will either hack the account or the exchange figures that I'm dead and they can keep the funds - because they have no obligation to give it to my heirs.
Bitcoin is a great way to move funds, but it's not a safe way to store it. The vulnerabilities in our conventional system exist because we need to jse those vulnerabilities sometimes, because humans are not as reliable as mathematics.