@_author: chrishansensvoice
@_date: 2011-06-14 23:17:32
I've started this Facebook Group, if you use Facebook then feel free to check it out, if anyone would like to help out with various things, analysis of the market, tutorials on how to get started mining, or just analysis of the daily news, send me a PM and I'll be happy to chat with you.
Anyone got any good ideas what kind of stuff they'd really like to see on the page, or pages like this? It's a fresh start-up because all of the other facebook pages I've found seem to be unused/defunct these days.
@_date: 2011-06-14 21:18:51
Stupidity, OS, Trojans, whatever is to blame, this is still going to impact the value of Bitcoins. I don't mean the literal value, I mean their potential value as a currency. Until anyone can keep them on their computer and feel secure about it, the currency won't be widely used.  It will remain a pet-project for the farmers.
Most people who use computers don't know how to encrypt a HDD, and most have no idea what SSH is.  Computers are basically magic to most people.
To be fair though, if I had $500,000 I would be figuring out how to secure it, this guy basically did the equivalent of keeping it 'safe' in a locked drawer in his house.
@_date: 2011-06-11 16:53:53
buy large amounts, which quickly raises the value of the stock, then sell large amounts quickly after. The investor then uses all of the money he earned at the high selling price to buy much more stock at the low buying price. It happens here 11 times before the market seems to notice and just crash. That's about the time of day that everyone realises their money isn't safe and they jump ship. 
It recovers later in the chart when people think that the people fiddling the market have moved onto a new stock.  It's totally legal, because it just relies on the stupidity of others biting over and over again, and then eventually relies on the willingness of other investors to try and catch you out. There's no more/less risk in doing this than a regular trading day.
@_date: 2011-06-20 17:46:23
Just out of curiosity, what are you actually here for if you dont think BTC can exist as a real-world currency? 
@_date: 2011-10-23 14:36:23
A bunch of the 'top-guys' are certainly like that, but there's a select few who concentrate more on increasing your confidence and learning how to communicate properly with people, instead of the manipulation techniques taught by the group made famous by Neil Strauss' *the game*. 
Some are courses that seem to aim at learning how to manipulate individuals, others are courses on how to interact socially with people in the real world. If you just want to bang some 'bar tramps' then go with the manipulation ones. If you want to find a decent group of friends and potential partners, go with the social interaction ones. 
The only one available with BTC so far is a kind of 1/2 way house effort by Mystery.