@_author: christandcarrots
@_date: 2018-01-17 20:45:21
Thank you!
@_date: 2019-07-24 19:30:59
I see where you're coming from but that would be ignoring a few key facts. First, that central banks globally may be running out of bullets to deal with future global economic crises -- they haven't resorted to bald-faced inflation (remember "Helicopter Ben" Bernanke?) but it could still happen. They will have to simply inflate-away the world's debt (many many trillions!) because they won't be able to pay it. 
Second, the large financial institutions that are threatened to be disrupted by bitcoin and other cryptos want a piece of the action. They will become "on-ramp" for cryptos, the designers of "fintech" solutions for the space, and they will want to take their cuts and participate in the flow of a brand-new asset class. And boy to those guys shell out for government lobbyists. You will have crypto-friendly politicians and fed chairs and SEC heads as the fossils are all replaced.
In the face of global crises and the greed of the financial sector, I see a pretty clear and frankly conservative path to very high bitcoin valuations. I don't know \*how\* high but it could be much higher than most people dare to speculate.
@_date: 2019-07-11 18:39:58
There were portable computers in the 1990's, like the Newton and the Palm Pilot. They failed, because of lack of internet connectivity, high cost, large size, etc. The selling point of a Palm is that it could fit in a shirt pocket (barely). 
"Cell phones" had poor reception and were more expensive than land line calls. There were early SAAS companies that simply failed because of slow and expensive bandwidth couldn't compete with low-cost printing of CDs and DVD plastic discs.  
Now consider almost nobody has a crypto wallet on their person (Samsung is starting to add it to their phones). Most merchants don't accept crypto yet. Google pay and Apple Pay never took off.  Nothing has been able to out-compete the cheap plastic cards (Visa). Most people still bank at brick-and-mortar banks even though all they mostly use is the built-into-the-wall ATM machine. 
Any of this starting to sound familiar yet?
@_date: 2019-07-22 21:14:17
The key thing to understand is debt service. Governments have too much debt. Multiples of trillions of dollars globally in sovereign debt.
There are two ways to pay off debt. The "austerity" way (the real way to pay it off) and the "financial engineering" way.
We already know how this will play out. Austerity is for suckers and the powerless (e.g. little old Greece trying to take on the whole EU and German banks). Think the US Government or the EU is going to actually go into austerity mode and pay off debt by restricting spending? LOL.
So the way out is to inflate away the debt. The tables are being set perfectly for this. People are crying out for "increased wages" and "equality" and "pension security" and many other things that require spending money that nobody has. Politicians will be unable to stop spending -- their constituencies will demand to be rescued from the perils of the market, corrupt pension fund managers, yelling about wealth taxes and lower wages so . . . fine, have higher wages, have spending on your health care, spending on this, spending on that. You can totally pay it off if you make those debt dollars worth (much) less simply by inflating their value away.
Mark my words. In 20 years people will be making average salaries of $200K per year and homes everywhere will be $1M+ and so will college tuition. Everything related to entry in the knowledge economy is going to be expensive.
Where does that leave bitcoin, an asset programmed to be DEFLATIONARY. This is how we get to $100K bitcoin, and then $1M bitcoin, and . . .
@_date: 2019-07-24 19:05:39
Geez, that's the least of it. As if killing people with nukes or maybe, stealing the intellectual property of capitalists is the only way to "harm" people?
Fuck freedom of speech, association, and the right to have communications untapped by the government amirite guyz?
@_date: 2019-07-23 22:38:01
Paying attention to the source of information is so crucial. Of course Warren Buffet or Jamie Dimon don't have a need for bitcoin. They are already billionaires and if the whole world went to hell tomorrow they would still die billionaires. The status quo is all they know and it has been great for them. It is like asking an apex predator shark if there is any benefit to walking on land . . . 
However there are billions of others who have no voice in mainstream media and yet have needs and desires that are different. Bitcoin is under nobody's control, and for that reason it is perceived as dangerous as well as liberating. If nobody can turn it off, and nobody can control its value or inflate it away to nothing, and it becomes a default value token for . . . the entire globe . . . ? The implications could be staggering.
@_date: 2019-07-31 00:47:13
I guess you'd have to define the length of the hold.
Been holding since 2017 . . . barely in the black, personally. Made some big purchases at $12K and $13K range that I'm still holding. For a brief moment this summer things were glorious but now, not so much!
@_date: 2019-07-22 23:04:41
No, in fact I believe they fear deflation more than anything. Central banks try like hell to run inflation around some target like 2%. The prospect of .5% inflation they find very scary and outright deflation would send them into a panic. It has already become an "accepted practice" to go to zero-percent interest or negative-interest to try to pump an economy. A runaway stock market, rampant speculation and bubbles, and even a risk of high inflation down the road are all preferable (to central bank planners) than deflation.
@_date: 2019-07-24 19:52:21
Proximity tap of phone to a proximity reader. Phones are about to become everyone's wallets (if they aren't already). 
My dad (in his 70s) walks around with a pocket full of coins. What a dork! Why? Because when he was young you could actually PURCHASE things with a nickel or a quarter. I mean like actual stuff, like your lunch or a movie ticket.
Me, I carry a leather wallet mostly to hold all my credit cards. Half the things I buy are on auto-pay anyway and I write checks only when I'm forced to by some antiquated system (usually a kid's school or some other under-funded social welfare program or charity that can't handle credit card payments). I've used bitcoin and litecoin to buy stuff sometimes.
The first phone MY son will ever get will likely come equipped with a bitcoin wallet on day one. Kids his age will never use a "wallet" made out of animal skin, except probably to be "cool" and impress the ladies but only on date nights.
When he's older he will look at his old man (me) and say "My dad still walks around with a WALLET and CARDS.  What a dork!"
@_date: 2019-07-24 20:01:14
You mention truck drivers, which is a good point. It isn't that truck driving is so awful, it's that some of the routes that are repetitive/too long/unprofitable are begging to be automated. This frees up human drivers to do more complex/high value jobs. 
Programmers are the same -- I'm sure the "job" of a programmer today is not what it was 25 years ago. We aren't writing in COBOL or FORTRAN anymore right? There will be SO MUCH rote, repetitive work that we will NEED AI to get anything done. Humans can move on to the higher-order, more profitable tasks.
Natural language processing is going to get to automated software faster than we expect. At any rate, we will have AI software engineers before we have AI plumbers and Electricians. White collar jobs have the potential to be hugely disrupted by AI because a lot of office work is low-level paper pushing.
@_date: 2019-07-22 21:34:05
There is "good" deflation (we get better at making things, features go up and price drops) and there is "bad" deflation (people have no confidence in the economy, prices fall, this reinforces the lack of confidence, people spend even less, in a feedback loop).  In other words, it is really GREAT that people expect powerful computers to get cheaper in 6 months. It is really BAD when people expect houses, cars, or bread to be cheaper in 6 months.
@_date: 2019-07-24 22:16:36
I don't think we disagree about the high-value tasks persisting. At some point the tools surpass the need for basic labor though. I can already talk to my "device" and tell it to build a routine. "Turn off the lights, then close the garage door, then set thermostat to 65." I would expect this to continue and just get better.
@_date: 2019-07-30 17:24:23
There is no "likelihood" of forecasting anything at all. You're just taking the optimistic side of the speculative stance.
I'm not saying I disagree with your optimism, but that's all it is: optimism. 
Let's say Libra launches in Switzerland and is backed by gold and dollars and bonds and what-have-you. Governments everywhere bless it and regulate it. A "Buy this with Libra for 2 cent fee" button shows up on 2 Billion Facebook feeds on January 1st of next year. All the sheeple say hey I don't need Visa/Mastercard/PayPal anymore yippee. Who needs Bitcoin . . . 
You don't need to stray far, just look at the price charts of I don't know, every other crypto currency since 2018 to see how bad it could get ... we could be 50% lower next year and another 50% down the year after that ...
@_date: 2019-07-08 20:58:23
This is the real answer. Also most "millionaires" reside in wealthy countries and aren't all that much more wealthy than their fellow citizens. A million is not what it used to be, there are lots of 401K millionaires who do not feel wealthy at all, having most of their wealth tied up in non-liquid real estate and tax-advantaged retirement accounts which do not include cryptos. Most wealthy people skew older too as a population and they are wary of cryptos and in the time of life when conservative investments are advised by nearly every professional advisor. 
If a crypto ETF or other Bitcoin "funds" get approved by the SEC or other governing bodies then you will see Mom &amp; Pop investors and other institutions pile in via their retirement investing plans. Look at the stock market today -- broadly down across the board and Bitcoin is up 5%+. There is a great need for uncorrelated assets as part of modern portfolio theory. Most people today are stupid to not buy crypto -- not because it is a superb investment per se, but because it is non-correlated with their other assets.
@_date: 2019-07-10 22:32:51
Immaturity of the argument aside, what you're exploring is how to react to (or invest in) a perceived golden opportunity. These will come around only so many times in a person's life/career/investment timeframe. So what do you do?
For example, when Real Estate markets were distorted after the great recession, some people leveraged themselves to the limit using credit cards, hard money loans, and what-have-you to buy downtrodden real estate. These people have since cashed in with the market recovering to new all-time highs, but that market is now played out and newcomers won't have the same luck. That opportunity passed (at least the easy part).
In the same vein you have stories of early crypto adopters who struck it rich and cashed out ... Charlie Lee, for example, and many others.
You also have people who took risks and failed. But there is a truth here that those who see an opportunity (however they validate it for themselves as being a "true" opportunity) have to seize it in some way in order to receive the benefit down the road.
If you participate in the opportunity in a "small" way, your payout is likely to be small. If, however, you instead liquidate your assets and take on leverage and do any other risky thing under the sun to participate in a "big" way, then you are creating the POTENTIAL for a big payout someday. Not the certainty by any means, but the potential.
People often drag out Warren Buffet as a paragon of wealth, investing, wisdom, etc. but they rarely discuss the fact that his methodology when he finds opportunity is to go ALL IN.  He sometimes takes years to identify rare opportunities but when he does he either buys ALL of the company, or as much of it as he can legally get. This is extremely ballsy of course but this is where due diligence comes in: hence why he would often go years without spotting a new opportunity to fit his criteria. The lesson is you need to go big if possible when you see a chance.
Most people have the lion's share of their capital tied up in their real estate or other non-liquid portfolio assets (like a 401K at work or an IRA) and so the only way they can think of to come up with a big lump sum is to "sell the house" . . .   Which is an expensive and dumb transaction most of the time due to taxes, fees, and oh yeah the loss of a place to live, loss of future equity, and so on.
Some people advocate 2% of your liquid assets to be invested in high risk/reward types of investments like hedge funds or crypto or comic books, whatever.  If you have say $100K in equity in your home and that's your ONLY asset -- you might just think about how you might free up $2K in cash to put toward Bitcoin. No need to sell the house to get a decent portfolio balance. However if you are firmly in the "this is a once-in-a-lifetime" opportunity camp, you might think about how you can get more aggressive. Only you know your finances and your personal risk tolerance.
@_date: 2019-07-24 19:37:25
You can actually see stars behind other objects because their light is bent by gravitational distortion.   The phenomenon is known as astrometric microlensing and you can see it with a telescope (a really good one, like the Hubble).
@_date: 2019-07-31 15:09:50
Just because something has not happened *yet* neither increases nor decreases the probability of it ever happening. A 10-year asset price history is tragically brief. If you don't believe anything can happen at this point you might be rudely awakened.
Which brings us back to fundamentals. I think it is more useful to be optimistic based on facts like the billions of new internet users coming online the next 5-10 years, or once bitcoin can be openly added to traditional investment vehicles uses by the majority of the population (held in brokerage accounts, 401Ks, ETFs and the like) then demand for bitcoin will probably rise and this will drive both adoption and value.
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:58:54
There are generally 3 types of people who lease:
1. People who use the cars for work and write off the mileage and expenses as part of doing business. These people have garages or private parking at work, and don't need more than 12K - 15K miles per year that the lease allows.
2. Older people who are afraid of car maintenance, or who just are affluent enough to afford having a luxury car stashed in their 3-car garage and rarely drive it.
3. Poor people who get suckered into a "low payment" on a car they couldn't otherwise afford. They drive it to their job, eat all the costs out of pocket and get no write-offs, park on the street or in some shitty apartment parking lot where they will collect door dings and also go over-mileage because it is their "everything" car. They will not be able to afford to buy out the lease at the end.
If you are in the  category you should probably not lease. Guess which category most who lease are in?
@_date: 2019-07-24 19:03:04
I can't figure out if this guy is a clueless and confused old man or if he is utterly devoid of morals and is a conniving and sinister menace to humanity.
@_date: 2019-07-26 15:53:51
Nobody has a crystal ball and neither do I but that said. ..
If the next recession centers on the global auto, trucking, and manufacturing and other sectors like retail then you'll get demand destruction, the usual job loss, then a return to growth. Probably no big impact on crypto if this happens. 
However if we get another global catastrophe based on a bank collapse or some key financial system seizing up (chinese banks? german banks? a sovereign pension or debt crisis that triggers breakup of the EU or the UK?) then it will be a free for all. To what extent the world sees bitcoin as (cough) "safe" then it will probably get some inflow. So I wouldn't expect much UNLESS the main crisis takes place in China or SE Asia, or maybe centers on Korea. Basically a large population that is already somewhat crypto-aware that suddenly NEEDS bitcoin for some reason, like to preserve capital or escape draconian government controls, free-falling fiat currency values, or whatever.
@_date: 2018-09-13 17:35:40
Ha, from your lips to God's ears, friend.
@_date: 2018-09-17 15:52:03
The source of "truth" is that bitcoin is *truly* outside the reach of governments. It can't be shut down, and it can't be inflated away to nothing by decree of central bankers. This is not an "opinion" that can vary from person to person. 
You could consider that bitcoin's ledger is a proof-of-work and that it is a fact, a truth, that many other things can then be based on. You don't need to "believe" in it, or convince anyone, it is there.
@_date: 2018-09-13 17:18:57
My purchases were usually $500 ish, unfortunately it was a $2K buy at $12K is killing my average. Sad trombone.
@_date: 2019-07-19 17:52:52
I knew a guy who was really into trading and had a "system" (ha) where he could usually make money. So he did that. It took all his time and energy and when he did the calculations later it turned out that overall he was making what amounts to minimum wage. Risk to reward ratio is awful.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:16:51
Most ancient coins aren't that valuable because they are ugly, not that scarce, and made of cheap and impure metals (iron, copper). I know ancient coins aren't scarce because the little coin shop near me has loads of them.  
A bitcoin is unique in that it is what amounts to a mathematical proof that you have ownership of something in a network (a currency) that was not granted by any authority except said network. You can go ahead and create another currency like it but you won't have a bitcoin. Only bitcoin is bitcoin, and it can only be granted through proof of work on the network. I think I said that right.  
It took some work and electricity to create a bitcoin, like going through the trouble of mining a diamond or an ounce of gold. I'd argue that because the value of a bitcoin is open and decentralized, it is a truer value than fiat currencies that can be manipulated by authorities. Is that not part of the value?  It would be very valuable to me if I lived in Venezuela right now to have access to a currency that my stupid government is not ruining.
@_date: 2018-09-13 20:47:44
I buy things with bitcoin internationally, because it is difficult (mostly slower and annoying middlemen) and also more costly to do it with dollars. 
Now you can say that the "someday lambo" factor of depreciation makes it silly to say, buy pizza with bitcoin. And you may be right, but as we've seen bitcoin fluctuates in value and one person's reason to hold or sell is completely invalid for another person. It is as risky to accept bitcoin as payment as it is to purchase with it, but in some sense both parties are accepting bitcoin as viable currency in the process.
@_date: 2018-09-12 17:25:26
All I meant by that is that I've spent $7.5K ish to purchase 1 coin which today is priced at $6.2K ish. 
Today's price isn't all that significant to me, I'm just bracketing the time period it took me to get to 1 coin. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 16:43:03
Past performance is not an indicator of future success.  
We're coming off of almost a decade of quantitative easing, which is an unprecedented activity by global central banks and has driven asset prices far above the mean. Nobody knows the future, but if you expect 7% from the S&amp;P over the next decade you might be sorely disappointed.
@_date: 2018-08-08 21:08:03
We are looking at ATH in stock values also and the end of QE. The S&amp;P may return 3% over the next decade if not longer. The time to go long S&amp;P 500 was 10 years ago.
@_date: 2018-08-08 19:31:27
That's only 50% of the population. The other half sees a hurricane brewing in every rain cloud and never profits from market upside.
@_date: 2019-11-15 17:20:39
The repo market does not equate to "printing money" -- that is a stupid clickbait title. I am so sick of the "printing money" slogan being thrown around by idiots in crypto forums.
Lack of liquidity does not equate to "lack of reserves," as he claims, at all -- banks have TONS of reserves. TOO MUCH reserves, in fact. They just have to HOLD them to comply with post-crisis regulations. It is the legislators that have sucked the air out of the room and forced the Fed to be lender of last resort. This coupled with the Fed's reduction of the balance sheet combined with rising interest rates (now cutting, and repurchasing) caused this short term liquidity crunch. 
Banks want the Dodd-Frank regulations lifted, but that isn't the solution either. There needs to be the proper balance between the natural interest rate and the level of Fed reserves, but nobody seems to know what that is. It is obvious now though that Fed tightening plus reducing the balance sheet was a bad combo. They simply overdid it and shit started breaking.
@_date: 2019-11-15 19:39:29
What the Fed is controlling is the overnight rate staying within its desired range -- it is their own target. They could also just let it rise, but that could be risky. With a larger balance sheet and falling rates, the repo operations should diminish. There is often a 6 month lag (or more) to any policy move the Fed makes. I would expect the repos to continue for a while but dwindle by mid 2020.
@_date: 2019-11-21 23:31:03
By the way, most people here simply won't buy into your "Wall St. is going to destroy Bitcoin!" scenario, so I don't know what kind of response you expected. Know your audience.
I sure as hell don't understand Geo-politics. We live in a world of negative interest rates and tariffs, things which were either supposed to be impossible or gone forever. Yet here they are. And yet we also have Bitcoin. So what does this mean? I don't know and neither do you. So run around waving your arms and worrying that the sky is falling if you want. You're probably wrong about half the things you're saying and right about the other half, but nobody including you can tell which is which.
@_date: 2019-08-16 21:09:03
I'm already too old for very "early" retirement -- for many people including me, retirement is and will continue to be a pipe dream. I doubt bitcoin is going to cause anyone except the very early adopters to retire early unless coins rise to $1 Million or more.  I'll be pleasantly surprised if that ever happens but I'm not betting on it. 
I'm taking a flyer on bitcoin mostly because it is so volatile and might be one of those nascent technologies that's going to 1000X over time. Will it? I don't know, but I guess I don't want to sit on the sidelines. I'm also old enough to have been burned on lots of investments, and profited from some. For me "success" of bitcoin would be if it does say, 20X in value from its current value over the next few years, I could pay off my house or one of my rental properties. My retirement "plan" is a combination of social security + rental income + investments. I consider crypto to be less than 10% of my investment portfolio. If it "Moons" I will rebalance my investments accordingly.
@_date: 2019-06-27 16:35:22
I do, but I can only buy when I have extra funds so I don't care that much about price and I am not a trader/market timer. I made some buys at $4K and $7K but I made larger ones at $12K-$14K so the overall rate is negative.  I am exaggerating the losses a bit because I was solidly positive for the first 6 months or so that I was buying in 2017, and up until $19K peak I was fine. But it was all red since then of course. Back in the red today! Nothing new here. My goal was just to accumulate 1 btc and I did that so now I'm working on getting to 2.
There are no losses if you don't sell right?  Still holding.
@_date: 2019-06-24 18:19:03
Cool I finally made it into the 2%!  :-/
@_date: 2019-06-28 17:19:27
Why are you restricting your valuation to a fraction of today's gold value? Bitcoin can be thought of as a digital form of "gold" as a store of value, certainly, but it can also behave as currency as well as a security. The size (in asset value) of the gold market is tiny compared to the securities market. What we are witnessing is the birth of a new investment asset class which is a rare event. Even rarer is that exposure to the early investment phase is public and not reserved for private bankers, wealthy aristocrats or blue bloods and their cronies. In an ironic twist large institutions still have been PREVENTED from participating due to lack of regulations, safety, insurance, etc. This industrial investment is still in front of us.
Bitcoin is programmed to be deflationary in a world of inflationary currencies. There is no mathematical reason Bitcoin cannot rise to $1Million per coin and beyond. Today's price for one coin is $11K, a far cry from the "hundred thousand" number you cite.
What will happen when average mom &amp; pop investors can buy a bitcoin ETF in their 401K plan at work? What will happen when central banks realize they need to purchase bitcoin as they do every other currency (if they haven't already started).
Considering that digital economies seem to trend to "winner-take-all" markets with 1 or 2 major players, and considering Bitcoin has 60% market dominance right now, is there a logical reason to buy any other crypto asset than bitcoin and maybe one or two of the other largest alts?
These are the things that keep me up at night and make me wonder about the future of financial markets, my own assets, and led me to invest in bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2019-06-27 15:16:49
I'm also a noob, but I have the worst buying timing. Purchases I made in Dec 2017 have been in the red until this week. I have never profited a dime in bitcoin, until this week. Who knows if it will last but I keep holding.
Held through crypto winter and watched portfolio go to a value of -$5K, -$-6K, -$7K, week by week, month by month . . . until I stopped counting or caring really. I had always intended to hold anyway. 
So you could just be me.  Going from $13,800 to $11,500 feels like a vacation.
@_date: 2019-06-27 16:37:32
Doubling down when you are 10 grand in the hole is not an easy call to make. If you have the key to market timing then you're much smarter than I am.
Quick, are today's prices high or low?  Tell us.
@_date: 2019-06-29 00:42:30
I'd be careful about using terms like "never" or "always" . . .  Off chain transactions will be the way going forward for most any ledger.
If this is indeed a winner-take all market then it is looking grim for altcoins.  
@_date: 2019-06-29 22:05:08
Then just sell your crypto and go buy bonds and real estate.
@_date: 2019-12-05 21:19:21
I have owned gold in the past, both as a commodity fund and some physical as well. Never could buy anything with it . . . the only place that will take it back is a gold dealer, and there are a whopping two of those in my area in bad parts of town with bars on the windows. 
In contrast, I've made several international purchases via bitcoin comparatively instantaneously with my phone or my computer. Which is sort of amazing when you think about it. There was no need for currency exchange rates and nobody had to give a huge fee to Visa or Mastercard or some other middleman. Looking forward to lightning network and even smaller fees.
@_date: 2019-06-28 17:53:48
Beat you by $84, I bought at $13,840!  LOL.  I was not FOMO buying, I was just not paying attention to price and went in and bought during a break at work that day. Happened to be the top (temporarily) but for all I knew it was going to be $15K by the next morning so whatever. I just generally don't pay that much attention to price. It could be $15K by this weekend, or $10K. But I bet it will keep rising long term regardless.
@_date: 2019-12-05 21:12:27
Right, and we are all working in "the paperless office" by now too right? I think I first heard the term in 1992.
@_date: 2019-01-23 23:19:02
I think the quote was that he would" [subcontract to a team of Bangkok prostitutes . . .](
@_date: 2019-01-10 20:10:56
The common denominator in many hospital debt stories is the ER. Don't go there. Seriously, unless you're carted in on an ambulance or suspect you are having a heart attack, you shouldn't set foot in an ER.
I just switched my family to an HSA plan -- lower out of pocket maximum, savings that don't expire like an FSA, and lower monthly premiums. Look into it.
@_date: 2018-11-08 22:35:35
This guy called for "Gold $10,000" a year ago. 
It is to laugh.
Japan is cruising along with 222% debt-to-GDP and Italy and Greece are way up above 100% range.  The US is somewhere in the top 30 or so debt-wise, but it's not all that unusual in the era of QE 1, 2, 3, and 4. Conversely, the likes of Iran, Saudi Arabia and Nepal have debt-to-GDP ratios of 20% or less. Are they somehow more "healthy" economies?  Hardly.
So, the author is also wrong on debt as well as his gold musings. Followers of the Austrian school of economics have been wrong on this for so long, yet they keep pounding the same tired drum. Sovereign debt just doesn't matter that much for the countries that own their own printing presses and operate as the default currencies. It's the banana republics who borrow in dollars (and euros and yen) that have the problem when things go sideways.
@_date: 2019-09-23 17:11:04


What you've left out is the quality adjustment that goes into price &amp; inflation.
Cars in the 1970s came with few amenities, guzzled gas, and were dangerous compared to new cars today. Now there are airbags, anti-lock brakes, crumple zones, 100-mpg cars (hybrid, electric) and they are coming with cameras, GPS, Apple and Android integration, and many other improvements. The development and deployment of all that technology added to the costs. This is the same with any product that improves over time.
@_date: 2019-09-24 15:36:15
No, you're wrong. Living with a lighter impact on the planet is important for everyone. It's a tragedy of the commons situation writ large. We can't keep making plastic junk forever and supporting throw-away products and businesses that make them.
Living frugally means you can put your money to work elsewhere and become wealthier for it. For example living simply (small home, no car, low transportation costs from walking/cycling) means you can build up a large cash cushion for emergencies and have more economic security. Further, you can invest that money in companies, products, or organizations that  you support.
People of course need food and shelter and other things. There's no denying it, but we can all get by with much less than we think and it is good to be aware of one's own impact, whether you want to measure it in terms of carbon footprint, trash generation, other categories of waste, or just choosing to not buy things like plastic containers, bottled water, plastic straws, and similar.
@_date: 2019-09-13 21:40:05
As you've discovered, the real trick is to have higher earnings relative to your local COL. Which was actually the point of the original article, that people underestimate the damage that a high COL area can do to you. 
Of course SanFran, NY, London have \*always\* been expensive and always will be, due to the outsized demand. The pain of living in a high demand area should be palpable, and normal. The question then becomes how do necessary but low-paying jobs (sanitation workers, janitors, teachers, etc.) afford to live there? The city will shut down without them, therefore they need heavily subsidized housing. The foolish city governments however would rather focus on rent controls, placating NIMBYs, and turning a blind eye to property investment speculators, especially foreign ones. Why? Because they are all getting rich off of high property valuations, sale commissions, and backdoor development deals. 
One city with reasonable housing prices is Tokyo. They zone a part of the city for business or high-rise or industrial and they let people develop whatever they want. No height restrictions, no such thing as a "single family housing zone" and so on. If you buy a property it is your right to build anything on it that suits the zone, no NIMBYs allowed. That's how to run a free market.  Vancouver finally woke up to the fact their city was being destroyed by funny Chinese money laundering (it even has a name, the "Vancouver model") so the less-corrupt leaders pushed through a hefty tax on foreign speculators. Only about a decade too late!
@_date: 2019-09-24 15:28:18
You're absolutely right about keeping to a minimalist lifestyle and avoiding accumulation of junk-er, "stuff". Borrow, barter, and buy used if possible. 
Still, economic activity is strong where I live and you may be experiencing a local downturn. Unemployment in the US is very low and despite negative news headlines, it is hard to have a recession when everybody has a job. Unless catastrophic layoffs start happening the downturn will likely be shallower this time around due to consumer activity continuing.
You may be correct that the recession will hit manufacturing, autos, and some other sectors that are related (shipping/trucking). It won't be housing this time.
On the car front, I also agree with you. We drive two cars that are 10+ years old, and we don't even drive them that much--we bike and bus also. I can find a suitable replacement for either of my cars on the used market for $5K-$10K if I had to. And I could pay cash. Now ask yourself, why on earth would I voluntarily go into debt to the tune of $25K-$30K for a new model? So it can sit in the driveway? I know the electric cars are coming so I will just wait. I'll probably never buy a new car period, and if I do it won't run on gas. Now ask yourself how many people out there think like I do, and put yourself in the shoes of an auto executive.
@_date: 2018-12-14 19:16:02
I've learned the hard way that dollar-cost-averaging is my friend, as is a long-term time horizon. When I moved in and out of investments quickly is usually when my losses were the worst. We all get a gut-check and panic sell sometimes, because we're human. But to the contrary, when most people see a 50% gain they will sell and miss out on huge upside potential. It is as hard or harder to sit on big gains as it is to hold on to a losing position.
@_date: 2018-12-07 17:44:47
This guy is a fucking idiot. Anyone who listens to him deserves what they get.
@_date: 2018-12-07 16:35:48
So buy gold then, nobody cares. There is such a thing as portfolio management and asset allocation strategy, as well as dollar-cost averaging. Look into that.
@_date: 2018-12-07 17:47:33
Just follow some of his posts for a while and draw your own conclusions. And maybe for $199 he'll let you "subscribe" to his "money" making system. LOL.
@_date: 2018-12-06 01:11:59
Of all the arguments against bitcoin, this one makes the least sense. What is gold? Is it a commodity, is it money, jewelry, art, a store of value, an inflation hedge, a currency, an industrial product? Yes to all these. 
Bitcoin has value as a global and impartial ledger, a distributed and impartial proof of work, a deflationary currency, a benchmark of digital value, and many other things having little to do with its use as a day-to-day currency. 
@_date: 2018-12-07 17:41:34
I see, you have a childish understanding of economics and finance. It is all "stuff" to you. 
Fiat currency is controlled and issued by governments. Bitcoin functions without central control just fine, thank you. Its decentralized nature (inability for any one government to control it, devalue it, etc.) is what makes it valuable. If you don't understand this difference, I can't help you.
I use bitcoin to make overseas purchases instead of paying Western Union wire transfer fees, which are at least as cumbersome and expensive as bitcoin. Bitcoin is not hard. For example a new user can take a few minutes to open a wallet and trade on Coinbase, and nobody has to approve the application, unlike your MasterCard example. A child on a laptop can open a bitcoin wallet and receive funds. And bitcoin has never "been hacked" as you claim.
Bitcoin doesn't need to displace the dollar or other currencies to have value. It is an asset class like any other. The day will come when "the masses" can check a box in their 401K allocation window to choose a bitcoin ETF next to a Vanguard Index Fund and go about their day. 