@_author: christfive
@_date: 2019-07-11 19:15:56
He asked what would happen to a cryptocurrency if you were to travel back in time with it. Someone else answered that the coins would simply become invalid, because at that time they haven't been mined yet.
Aka it's as if you tried paying with a dollar bill from 2050- it would be seen as a counterfeit with the wrong year on it.
You gave a shitty example of going back in time with a credit card, to a time where credit cards didn't exist. You won't be able to use the card, not because it won't be generally accepted but because you wouldn't have the technology to use it.
Judging by "that's the same as asking", you're assuming you gave an example of a similar situation- you didn't.
If you travelled only a few years back instead of all the way to 1600, card readers wouldn't be able to read your card because it wouldn't have been registered in the system. If you travelled back only by two months, you would simply have a duplicate card and it would work perfectly fine.
Now bitcoins.
Because cryptocurrencies work in a specific way, you basically can't have two valid copies of a coin, ever. And that's the end of the story. If you travel back in time with a coin, it will instantly become invalid, no matter how you use it.
@_date: 2019-07-11 19:25:56
He gave an example of when the lack of technology (year 1600) would be the main restriction of using a credit card, and that it would be the same scenario as when going back in time a few years with some bitcoins.
He didn't mention anything about the validity of the coins, nor did I.
Yes I know that you can only trade your coins if they're verified, I commented on the fact that his "that's the same as" was invalid, since op of the first comment was asking about what would happen to a coin if you travelled back in time with it, by an unspecified amount of time which I'm assuming was "a few years", aka a time when the 'technology' wasn't restricting you from using bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-07-12 05:10:59
I don't know where you lost me. Yes, you cannot just copypaste bitcoins, which is why your coins would be invalid if you were to travel back in time.
Yes, an example of going back to the 1990s works  better as a comparison.
To me, the original question was, what would happen to your bitcoins if you travelled back a few years.
xhuxley presented a scenario (year 1600) where you wouldn't even be able to access your wallet. Instead of explaining if you could use them or not, he presented a scenario where it wouldn't even matter.
This is why I commented and why I believe his answer was very, very misleading, and is what made me assume he doesn't know what bitcoins are.
Edit: He used the words "that's the same as asking" and "what do you think" as if it was a reasonable comparison (year 1600 to now). You completely avoided this fact and presented a scenario (1990's) where technology wouldn't in fact limit you from using your wallet, but boom your wallet would be empty, raising more questions for people like me who are interested in knowing more (which is by my assumption what the op intended).
@_date: 2019-07-11 17:35:30
You obviously don't understand how bitcoin works, unless you just misunderstood the question.