@_author: christopherburg
@_date: 2015-05-04 00:03:37
Thank you.
@_date: 2015-05-04 13:30:36
I only made a few available. They're no point in saturating the market so quickly.
@_date: 2015-05-03 22:20:35
Well that's a surprise. 
I'm the guy who gave the presentation. When it was filmed I didn't think anybody was going to see it so this is rather cool. 
Just to be upfront because I'm not sure if it made it into the video but I did explain to the audience that I hadn't had much time to look into the technical aspects of OpenBazaar so some of my information may be inaccurate (for that I apologize). 
Anyways if you have any questions about the presentation I'd be happy to answer them. Thanks to OP for sharing this, it's cool to see myself get posted on Reddit. 
@_date: 2015-05-04 03:58:56
I appreciate the correction. Although I've played with OpenBazaar before I haven't had any real time to look into the notary functionality beyond doing a quick read. It's not uncommon for me to misunderstand how something works until I've played with it so this kind of input is helpful.
@_date: 2015-05-03 22:23:02
I'm the person who gave the presentation. 
I don't consider myself an anarchy-capitalist per se. The term I usually use is anarchist without adjectives but I primarily identify as a discordian. 
Anyways I thought I'd clear that up. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 15:00:49
Would you be so kind as to post your credentials related to making decisions on what people can and cannot joke about?
@_date: 2013-10-17 15:11:14


No it doesn't. It means you round a joke in the way another language sounds compared to another. The joke wasn't, "Ha ha, look at those funny Asian people and their funny language. They are obviously inferior to us." The joke was along the lines of, "Hey guys, if you use sounds commonly used in Asian languages you can make sounds that say funny things in English."
There's little difference between the joke that sparked this shit fest and typing 58008 on a calculator and holding it upside down.
@_date: 2013-10-16 13:57:40
For a long time I've wondered what people would joke about in a politically correct future. I've since decided that a politically correct future would be entirely humorless, must like the majority of people who continue to push political correctness.
The comment was a joke, take it in the spirit it was meant.
@_date: 2013-10-16 20:14:34


It sure seems to me that you've decided what qualifies as a decent human being and are telling everybody who disagrees with you that they're wrong.
@_date: 2013-10-17 15:38:09
The problem with the philosophy of claiming every joke related race is racist is that it cheapen actual racism.
Whenever you try to push a point of view on other people you create psychological reactance. The attempt to remove the person's freedom, whether it be a perceived or actual attempt, causes that person to want to partake in that act as a way of reclaiming that freedom. I would argue that such a reaction is usually a good thing but when you're trying to fight against something you dislike it can create major problems.
Claiming a joke that wasn't malicious as racism is likely to cause many people to tell more race-based jokes. You're effectively hurting your own end goal. There is also the real problem, the persons you're targeting begin to see people who actively oppose racism as dicks. When you want to create societal claims it really hurts your mission when people begin to perceive you as a dick.
If you want to fight racism talk about actual cases of racism. For example, the majority of prisoners in the United States are members of minority groups. Prisons frequently use prisoners as slave laborers (look at Federal Prison Industries and Corrections Corporation of America for both a government and private agency using prisoners as slave laborers). The system basically take the system of slavery that was made illegal after the end of the Civil War and recreates it with slightly different rules (you must declare a person a criminal before using them as a slave). The fact that the police target minority groups disproportionately (by a large factor) is actual racism. It hurts specific racial groups.
Racism sucks. Fight it. But calling people racists unless they are being malicious towards one or more races doesn't help the fight; it harms the fight.
@_date: 2013-10-16 21:11:52


I'm a big fan of the freedom of speech.


And we're back to the part where you make decisions for other people. I'm sure you're qualified to determine whether or not somebody is a racist even if they themselves are not aware. After all, they only have their entire life experience to draw from whereas you have a couple of comments they posted on the Internet. Your data is obviously superior to their own and you are therefore, obviously, more qualified to determine whether or not they're being a racist than they are.