@_author: chrometroll
@_date: 2013-09-06 23:26:08
Please re-read your posts...
You definitely were not encouraging my questions... though you did encourage me to dream.
The dreaming reminds me of a George Carlin quote...




@_date: 2013-09-07 00:05:01
Thanks for the link... I will have a look at this.
@_date: 2013-09-06 23:39:30


I was going to ask "What happens when we run out of blocks to mine in 2140, or whenever that happens?"... but this adds a twist.
This is very interesting ... I will have to think about that a bit.
@_date: 2013-09-06 23:16:58


Condescension is not going to help here.
You didn't actually ask me, or had any chance to gauge if I knew the exact numbers on the energy spent in other vehicles of value. Not that I know them offhand... and I seriously doubt you or anyone else has a precise knowledge of that either.
I do agree that bitcoin mining might be much cheaper in comparison, if its value holds. But I was not looking at it in comparison... I was asking if the energy / time spent on mining coins was justifiable on its own - more to the point - does this huge amount of computation actually help with anything or is it just a legacy of a bad system design. Apparently, it is justifiable... and the reason is not "its cheaper than other vehicles of value".
@_date: 2013-09-07 00:38:42
Open source is awesome and I love it.
But its not beyond question. Actually, the fact that anyone can look at the code and question it (or find answers) is precisely what makes it awesome.
As researchers, we should question everything that seems suspect... even if it has been created/solved by Einstein himself.
By going through the process of questioning and verification, one gets a deeper understanding and respect for the idea and its originator, than what one would have if they just blindly went with the rest of the crowd.
And sometimes, just sometimes, one can find the bug that was lurking out there.
Even Knuth had tons of mistakes in his books, and there are few better than Knuth in CS.
@_date: 2013-09-06 23:14:59
vbenes... I do see the implication, and I love it... but only if everything is really as good as it seems.
On closer inspection, I noticed that there seemed to be some loose ends (or at least, that's what I felt). I thought that, here on r/bitcoin, there are a bunch of people who care a lot about this stuff... I wonder what they think about these loose ends.
I think it is very useful to ask about such things with an open mind.
Stop trying to stop me from asking questions and being curious.
This is how the child in me works...
@_date: 2013-09-07 00:13:45
I am a new guy to all this... and its difficult to read up everything before I ask something. Honestly, I did look through various sources - and that's how I got some of my questions. Unfortunately, I didn't have the patience to search more thoroughly for the answers.
Even though we sparred in some words, I do appreciate your replies a lot.
Bitcoin actually is a pretty cool idea.
@_date: 2013-09-06 22:42:45
Dude... thanks for the answers.
You know your stuff.
I think I feel much more positive about the whole thing now.
Time to read up more.
@_date: 2013-09-06 21:43:05
Thanks for the input on point 1. For point 2 - Why do we need a predictable rate of coin generation? Why not generate them all within an year and be done with it?
@_date: 2013-09-06 22:22:00
Thanks for your answers... this did help clarify some things.


Only if someone/something convinces me that it really is a good thing. Its actually good to be a bit paranoid about stuff that involves money and is not completely clear. To be honest, I love the idea and its awesome. However, I have experienced too much bullshit in life to jump on any bandwagon without question.


This does not actually answer my question. I was ready to be convinced by a convincing argument. All I heard was... "I don't care because I love freedom and they they promised bitcoin is liberation... here, take my money and liberate me".
@_date: 2013-09-06 21:46:15
I don't think the risk was great ( in the sense that they won't lose a million if it didn't work )... and I believe you too have the same opinion.
I do agree that they had foresight and great perseverance and that should be rewarded.
And please avoid the condescension... else all you will hear are ideas that you already know.
@_date: 2013-09-06 21:32:36


I don't see any financial risk, specially in the early days, when the coins were easy to mine with just one or 2 gpus (or maybe just cpu power was enough to mine thousands every hour).


This means that if a large enough corporate player or the government (NSA, etc) or even clever hackers with lots of computation power got behind an attack, they could potentially screw the existing the bitcoin servers (maybe that has already happened and that's why we needed to restore the servers from backups?). This is just an observation, rather than a criticism of the system. In fact, if that's what it takes to break the system, I would say that's a good system.
Also, making today's limit of computation power as the basis of security seems flawed. For example, our passwords are secured by a similar computational power limit, but we also keep changing passwords, so that much before the time the old password gets hacked by raw computation or guesses, we have already moved on to a new one (I know that it can take a humongous amount of time to crack passwords by raw methods).
Also, the rate at which computational power has been increasing, in a decade's time, the work done by 20 supercomputers might be done by just 1 desktop. It might take just a fraction of the time to regenerate the block chain. Is there a way to revamp the old block chain every few years to keep up with increasing computational power?
@_date: 2013-09-07 00:00:44
1. Yes
2. No
I think I know where you are going wrt question 1.
But please do elaborate...
@_date: 2013-09-06 22:11:52
Awesome answer... thanks for all the info.
I am generally paranoid in this respect and need to know someone's effort before I feel they have deserved their success (aren't all people like this or do you automatically assume that every rich person has deserved their fortune).
Many other comments have explained the early adopter's fortune as reward for the risk... however, I feel the risk was not too great - there was little downside except some money and time (while gaining experience for their art).
However, what convinces me that they deserve the fortune is that they made a lot of effort to sell the novel idea to the world and for persevering with it long enough.
@_date: 2013-09-06 22:46:53
Economics is not my strongest point...
Can you explain how a predictable generation rate provides economic stability? (this is probably explained in the paper - but can you please do me the favor if its something that can be explained in a few sentences).
