@_author: chuckybravo
@_date: 2019-11-11 19:49:49
Meanwhile 92% of all cash has traces of illicit drugs on it and therefor is associated with illegal activity.
@_date: 2019-11-22 15:04:13
The more they dump, the more hodlers accumulate. When they are ready to pump it becomes more expensive. Rinse and repeat and eventually they lose control over the majority of sats. Never capitulate, stack sats while they are on sale and Hodl
@_date: 2019-11-11 21:19:12
Wow. The this is why bla bla bla makes people bla bla bla is not an argument and is complete BS. As if the whole world searches Reddit and this post specifically to get opinions on crypto.
Yes obviously it's not the same. Funny thing is that there is absolutely no way to know what proportion of cash transactions are used for illegall activity. So unless you can provide a solid statistic which you can't the one that I brought up still illustrates how much cash is tainted with illegal activity. That is all. Chill.
@_date: 2019-10-29 01:54:24
Care to point it out? Bitcoin is open source code you know
@_date: 2019-12-07 17:11:04
Yes, they do this at higher fees and a slightly higher trading price. IMO the tradeoff is for convenience. Through Coinbase you can buy Bitcoin before your funds even clear into Coinbase's account. So if I deposit $5000 today, I can convert it into Bitcoin immediately. You just cant withdraw your BTC or fiat until your funds clear (5 business days) 
Also supposively Coinbase wont report your activity to the IRS, unless the IRS demands it. From their website, "Only transactions that took place on Coinbase Pro, Prime, and Merchant are subject to reporting requirements."
You can trade with lower fees and at the spot price on Coinbase Pro. In order to do so your funds must already be cleared. And then of course your trades will be calculated and a 1099K could be sent to the IRS if you meet the threshold requirements.
@_date: 2019-12-29 18:10:01
The Lambo may actually be more pragmatic. Shocking, I know but hear me out.
Interest rates have been artificially low for a long time meaning that cheap money to borrow has been available artificially driving up demand and artificially driving up prices (aka a bubble). Once the market supply catches up and people can't afford to borrow more, the bubble pops and the price race to the bottom begins. 
Let's say you cashed out your btc in 2020 for a down payment on an overpriced house (likely at the top of the market). The housing market tanks, people flock to btc in a panic for a safe haven for their money. Now btc goes up massively and you hate yourself for cashing out your btc and still owing the bank more money than your house is worth. 
Lambos have never really been considered assets and there isn't really a Lambo bubble so your more likely to get your fiat value back during the next housing collapse. However, as always hodling btc will be better. At least hodl until after the bubble pops and you can get a house on the cheap.
@_date: 2019-12-26 20:07:25
Apparently the industrial revolution wasn't of scale then.
Same buzzwords in that film, this time it's different. Sorry but it's not. These new technologies will create better jobs. Fear is the politicians best friend. The sky will fall due to Automation. Omg elect me because your jobs will go away and your family will starve. Same old tactics, new lies. I'm sorry you fell for them. Best of luck with your new supreme leader and his theft dividend.
@_date: 2019-12-26 20:58:17
Good then our wealth and new jobs will be 4 times greater than last time. 
I know of no way to judge the future but by the past.
-Patrick Henry
@_date: 2019-12-26 19:49:53
Automation is nothing new and has been happening since the printing press. Every time jobs get automated, more wealth is created and many more new jobs are created. Prices go down and standard of living gets better. Sure those jobs are lost but many more higher paying jobs become available that cant even be predicted. 
It has happened over and over and over throughout history. The notion that this time is different, the sky is falling and government must rescue us or we will all starve is also not new. Every new technology that replaces jobs has been met with the same mindset. It is not a real problem. 
The problem is people thinking their menial job will be there forever and that they shouldn't have to learn new skills, meanwhile civilization evolves while they refuse to. Also government only makes more problems than it solves. This is also historically proven time and time again and yet here we are.
@_date: 2019-12-26 19:21:52
This is why democracy is doomed to fail. People will vote to get themselves "free" money and benefits via politicians who use those promises to get themselves elected. After they enact the policies they dont become liable for anything. They just get rich while you and I get fleeced. The programs always cost many multiples more than they project leading to borrowing. Rinse and repeat while everyone kicks the debt can down the road. Eventually the house of cards will come crashing down and the people who became dependent on free money will be the ones who suffer the most. GTFO with your "freedom" dividend. Anything with freedom or patriotism in their names are guaranteed to have the opposite effect. See the Patriot act, Freedom act, ect.
@_date: 2019-12-26 22:33:12
Yes the jobs too. There is no historical precedence to suggest otherwise. Whether you want to accept it or not it is an economic reality that technology brings more wealth and jobs to everyone because new industries that we cant even imagine get created. 
For example, the computer created hardware, software, and networking industries. The internet created e-commerce, application, mobile and countless more industries. Millions of jobs were destroyed yet many millions more were created. 
The industrial revolution put most workers out of their agricultural jobs which was 90% of the entire economy. Did government need to give them all a freedom dividend? 
Then more recently all of those industrial factory workers lost their jobs due to more automation. How did they all survive? Now people work in air conditioned cubicles barely lifting a finger while staring at computer screens making salaries and having benefits that just about anyone from the past would have killed for.
The benefits of automation are naturally distributed. You dont need government to do anything. The only thing they can do is make everything worse. It is an economic fact that government manipulation creates inefficiencies and unintended consequences. Every single time. A freedom dividend is not necessary. In fact its destructive by nature because one centralized solution is not efficient or beneficial to everyone. That is why decentralization is so important. Hence Bitcoin! History will teach you more than any book or predictions from one man with an agenda.
@_date: 2019-12-02 22:32:58
Yes, Bitcoins can be confiscated but only if you give them your private keys. They cant steal them without your consent unlike all of your assets, cash, gold, and money in the bank. Governments can take your life if you dont comply, so many rather would. It still gives you the option as well as plausible deniability that you no longer have the funds if you sent them to a different address and/or conjoined them unlike every single thing else you own.
What are you talking about? Government banning things makes them more valuable not less.
@_date: 2019-09-19 23:57:20
Bitcoin is deflationary, yes.


Not true, people will still spend their money in deflationary conditions. People will spend more than they do right now. This is how sales work, prices drop, demand increases. The quickest way to get people to spend more is to lower prices. Yes it's great for the individual. It may seem bad at first for the economy but it is not. As quoted from your Wikipedia link. "Despite the deflation and depression, GDP rose 16% from 1839 to 1843."


Your assuming that consumption drives the economy. If true, the more in debt people were the more wealthy they would be. Its production which drives the economy. Production would continue as normal as raw materials would also decrease in price as well as the end products. Because of this, profit margins would remain the same (after the initial liquidation from an inflationary economy)
Speaking of liquidation, the people and corporations that would go bankrupt are the overleveraged ones who took on too much debt or who dont make a profit. The people who would benefit are the ones who saved money as they can now buy up the failures at a steep discount. Who better to manage these resources anyways than the responsible ones in the first place? This is the beauty behind the correction. It will bring the wealth back into productive hands and out of non-productive uses.
The savers now have more wealth to spend, invest, or whatever while the economy keeps pushing forward.
For more information on why deflation is good and why the government and banks push inflation, I suggest you read this: 