@_author: chuckjustice
@_date: 2014-02-11 15:45:49
I do disagree but I didn't downvote you, I thought I was in the srd thread which is why I deleted my comment. Basically though what I said was that yes, currencies have been intentionally messed with before but bitcoins are inherently unstable enough that the the simplest explanation is that it's failing all on its own, without any nefarious manipulation.
@_date: 2014-02-11 05:39:30
edit: sorry, Thought I was in a different sub
@_date: 2014-02-12 03:37:14
If there's a benevolent manipulator, he ain't doing a very good job of manipulating benevolently.
You're right that mtgox is doing what they can to mess with pricing to keep it advantageous to them, and there are certainly a lot of anonymous people who're fucking with the economy. But you seemed to be implying that governments or extremely wealthy powerful individuals were destabilizing the whole thing for some concrete political or ideological purpose, which there's just no evidence for. It's the much simpler (and therefor more likely) explanation that bitcoins' inherent, unfixable technical flaws are intersecting with the nastier parts of human nature to create a system that has no chance of longterm survival or even short term usefulness. There's a small number of true believers who'll keep it going forever, but that right there is proof that it'll never be mainstream due to its flaws.
@_date: 2015-02-05 08:38:52
He wasn't framed. Getting framed means you're railroaded for a crime you didn't commit. The dude absolutely did the things he was accused of, the supposed hitman on the other end actually being an FBI agent doesn't make it a frameup
Also there doesn't have to have been a victim. Soliciting someone to commit murder for pay is a crime all on its own, regardless of whether or not the murder actually gets carried out
@_date: 2013-12-10 04:12:25
Yo can we have an actual discussion instead of going straight for the playground insults?
Slavery can be roughly defined as ownership of people by another person, usually but not necessarily for the purpose of extracting labor from the owned people. A slave can likely make no decisions of consequence for him or herself, and in many cases the owner has absolute power over his slaves, up to and including being able to rape and murder them with impunity.
I am genuinely curious now as to your thought process here. Unless you're operating under a radically different definition of the word from the commonly accepted one, I honestly genuinely cannot see how a bank refusing to deal in Bitcoins could be rationally defined as slavery. And I'm serious about having a discussion; I want to know how you came to your conclusion.
@_date: 2013-12-09 04:02:20
It really really isn't slavery, really. Even if what you are saying were true and somehow mattered, it still wouldn't be slavery. Words mean things, and slavery does not mean whatever you think is going on here.