@_author: chudley
@_date: 2011-10-04 23:24:20
pfft if he offered it for a smaller retailer then i would be supportive... where it stands now he's not doing anything other than getting everyone's hopes up
@_date: 2011-10-04 21:44:57
clever, never heard that before.
In all honesty, and lack of sarcasm, I could offer $50,000 worth of bc and it still wouldn't matter. 
All this is, is some dude on the internet claiming to offer 1000 b.c. what guarantee does anyone have that he'd pay up? Hell, I can offer 2000b.c. to bag a company doing only $25mil in revenue and it'd still wouldn't incentivise anyone.
@_date: 2011-10-04 21:31:21
if he/she was serious about really getting retailers interested and saw valid opportunity in securing their commitment in bitcoin I'd be applauding his/her efforts. However, as it stands, there is no way in hell that anyone is going to jepordize their career by recommending such a controversial form of payment; especially after Chuck Schumer denounced the currency outright.
It's great an all that this guy is offering $5k to get bitcoin flowing through a legitimate economy (instead of the silk network) It's just not a practical reward for anyone willing to risk their reputation. (sorry, that's just the way it is).
If he/she was offering the $5k for a retailer earning a couple hundred USD as income per year... then I'd totally have wet panties... but as it is now he's mocking everyone by only offering the 1k bitcoins for a company doing *at least* 50-100 mil.
@_date: 2011-10-04 18:34:52
lol, what a joke. People are paid a salary of hundreds of thousands a year to use their connections to just have face time with bit retailers and this ass is offering the equivalent of $5k.
this guy's ignorance is trollingly retarded
@_date: 2011-10-05 09:43:01
oh i'm *sooo* sorry. Next time, when **I** see something as being deconstructive i'll keep my mouth shut and watch everyone be infatuated with howww great some dude on the internet is. 
Hmm, keeping your mouth shut... that's what free speech is really about isn't it?
I stand by my original statement: 'this guy is either full of shit, or doesn't appropriately recognize the value of obtaining a giant retailer for bitcoin, and if he had he'd put together a better offer with more investors' -that's if he truly is worthy of all the praise you're giving him
@_date: 2011-10-05 01:36:03
yea, but see.. all your "positives" i don't consider being positive.
I don't see the bounty as raising awareness of bitcoin. The people interested in the bounty already know about bitcoin and want to see it succeed. Who is gaining awareness?
my attitude is negative towards his stringent rules. I can %100 guarantee you that there will never be any major retailer (50+ USD in income) that uses bitcoins by the end of the year. However, i could realistically see a smaller retailer offering bitcoins as a form of payment; perhaps a online sports shop that does a few hundred thousand in revenue per year. 
Deadlines are effective, true. If i said write a novel in 3 months you'd probably give up from the get-go because it's just not enough time. Yes, they are effective, if they aren't ludacris. 
i don't see this as positive.. i see this guy's actions to be mis-interpereted as being in the right direction... when it's only going to undermine steady growth of bitcoins. 
I'm not shitting on my community for voicing my opinion that this guy is full of crap. I'd be shitting on my community if i said that no incentives would never work.. i'm saying this guy's incentives won't ever work. You, are being a "yesman" thinking that anything anyone does is positive... i'm skeptical and think that a more balanced challenge of finding a more reasonable company would be much better (thus I have a solution to my initial gripe).
And between you, me and the world... there's no way in hell this guy is going to pay out 1k in b.c.... because there's no way in hell any major retailer is going to accept bitcoins yet. Start small and grow the brand... don't assume everyone's going to welcome you with open arms.
@_date: 2011-10-04 23:53:01
you're saying that he's encouraging others to offer similar prizes.. i'm saying that he shouldn't have made it so impossible. In-fact, he shouldn't have imposed deadlines and limits.. make it something like the x-prize where sure, offer 1k bitcoins when they finally do get a major retailer to accept -however, don't limit them to only 3 months.
i do see what your point is, my point is that this guy's an ass for having such stringent and outlandish requirements no one will ever be able to obtain.
If you were in 3rd grade and someone offered you $100 to pass an algebra test (usually offered in say 9th grade) and you only had 3 months to learn do you think most of the kids would give up and say it's hopeless to even try and be bitter at the lost chance.... or would would it be better if he offered $100 to the first kid that past the test regardless of how long it took? 
@_date: 2011-10-04 23:29:59
hea, maybe there is... but wouldn't it be mor practical to offer it to a company that's smaller instead of a company that has an income of *more than* 50-100mil/year
see, he's not even putting his money where his mouth is. there's no guarantee on this.. and it's so impractical that someone can get a company and have them implement it is less than 3 months. This guy is a douche for just getting everyone's hopes up. If he was really serious he'd have it continue till end of next year and remove the stipulation *"These terms are subject to change"* 
@_date: 2011-10-04 21:40:22


what, so all he needs is to bag 26 more offers like this one to get half of the salary of a lobbyist .. minus off course all the expenses required to woo big business.
@_date: 2013-02-21 15:31:51




wat?