@_author: chugwig
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:48:22
It's Nimiq's simple fast UX not nano's, though I'm glad you caught the keyword nano in your reading.  While Nimiq Safe and Nimiq Hub definitely centralize access to the chain, you can still access the chain without using either of Nimiq's official products through a node.
And Nimiqs greatest strength besides it's focus on UI/UX, is that it has Nano and Pico nodes which can sync to the blockchain with very little overhead making them perfect for the browser or a memory limited environment.  Nimiq is just another cryptocurrency like all the others, but what separates it from the crowd is the mentality it's team, community developers, and general community have. Crypto is solid tech and over the last 8-10 years we've shown it works and can be used for tons of things (including scams and shitcoins :( ), but what crypto has been missing is an attention to the user.
Whether it's their official products (safe, hub, etc...), the libraries they make public (Nimiq style library), or them encouraging the community to write user friendly applications, the Nimiq team makes sure that Nimiq is all about being easy on the user. It's pretty easy for devs too :)
Also, the team has previously agreed that there are a few centralized point of failures in the Nimiq process (for example, cdn.nimiq.com/nimiq.js) and that they're always looking for good solutions, but that current ones like IPFS aren't mature yet for the team to use them.
@_date: 2019-12-02 15:11:15
Should report them  .  It won't do a lot for your current situation but it could help others in the future.
@_date: 2019-12-02 14:53:26
Ignoring that he's being rude to you, he's exactly right. You fell for a scam which is due to you not questioning an offer of free money.
And he's also extremely right that you've now set yourself up for identity theft?  What information did they trick you into giving up saying it was for KYC?  There's a good chance this will all blow up in your face the next time you file taxes.