@_author: chumpmoney
@_date: 2014-03-21 07:16:53
its official. im done believing this is all a gigantic case of extreme ineptitude. at the moment, that's Gox's best defense that keeps them in the clear, and it would take an idioto actually believe them. some one attempted to hide these hoping even through the rehabilitation proceedings they wouldn't be found or accounted for.
i expect 100% of the "missing" coins to be found by the overseeing committee or turned in by the guilty parties. there was no hacking, there is no proof of hacking. this is an inside job end of story. karpeles might as well eat his last cheese danish because he'll be in jail in no time.
@_date: 2014-04-06 07:27:24
i was referring  to the miners (people who own and run mining rigs) selling for more money (their bitcoins on the exchanges)
lol i see how my post was incredibly ambiguous
@_date: 2014-04-23 07:18:25
lol nice job man. i've been pestering my boss to get into bitcoins and maybe if he sees he can buy milkers cheaply with bitcoin he'll consider the possibility (he owns a farm with many cows and goats and such)
@_date: 2014-04-11 20:52:04
at this point its a matter of buying the brand name of Gox so to speak and getting the debt and servers and broken platform along with it.
which honestly even the name Gox is a deterrent to bitcoin enthusiants AND newcomers, so it would be an incredible gamble
that being said, if i could get my coins back, i'd sure as hell take my trades elsewhere
@_date: 2014-04-21 08:22:35
iirc he made a single post on his old stomping grounds about how he wasn't the old dude who got badgered by that reporter, and that was it, no explanation, nothing else. just his style i suppose
@_date: 2014-03-18 09:06:21
having this info would be of little use to hackers. if you have the same password, especially for your email or another exchange using the same email, just change those passwords if you feel paranoid
but this isn't a scam so lol
@_date: 2014-05-22 02:57:15
its a waiting game friends
there's no gox news lately because the media buzz spawned from the gox collapse has passed the general public's minds
for us creditors however we must wait until the powers that be follow through with the proper courses of action. as it currently stands, either our coins will be liquidated and distributed as a mere fraction of their value either at current prices or prices we could have attained before this disaster unfolded, or a potential buyer of debt will be allowed to restructure the brand name and formulate an alternative to repaying the creditors.
the front runner for a buyout is a group called Sunlot Holdings, and i do believe there is a very real possibility their plan will come through
like i said earlier though, its a waiting game for the time being. my estimate is a year to a year and a half before we see either scenario unfold
@_date: 2014-03-14 15:44:01
I read through the muddied legal speak of their declaration
in typical gox/karpeles fashion his initial statement was vague and omitted facts to make the petition palatable for the court, blaming hacking as the sole reason for their insolvency, not being entirely accurate regarding their assets, and failing to mention their highly illegal continued acceptance of deposits once they were aware of the debt
they submitted their petition for civil rehabilitation and supporting documents as evidence for their chapter 15 declaration. many were supplemented with translations, one in particular was not. Exhibit B contained information regarding their current legal cases in the states and outlined the Temporary Restraining Order and Comprehensive Prohibition Order aimed at Coinlab and The US Dept of Homeland Security lawsuits.
Essentially the declaration asked for breathing room while they followed through with their rehabilitation, stopping the bleeding so to speak in regards to their former lawsuits. When news of those cases first struck bitcoin took a short lived hit to price but rebounded as everyone gradually forgot. I don't know the time frame of those cases but apparently they're not settled yet, and the important one, the USDoHS one, was in regards to a seizure of state-side Gox account linked to OKPay or one of those exchangers, i forget which one. Basically they were accused of money laundering, having not registered as a money transmitting business but keeping an account with Mutum Sigillum. I believe this account had a lot of cash in it, and since they did manage to get their money transmitting registration in order, they might very well be able to get that money back and only take a portional fine. I'm no legal expert, but this is the impression I get.
@_date: 2014-04-05 20:18:49
good, now maybe miners will stop selling at such a low goddam price
@_date: 2014-03-29 10:54:48
are you people freaking stupid? you literally want to stifle peoples ability to post and communicate because you think youre part of some special club? sorry, just because you have a little bit of seniority doesn't mean you're special
i always thought the reddit format was stupid but made this account recently and started frequently visiting because its simply the best source and has the best exposure for a bitcoin repository. the generally positive experience has changed my mind regarding its format, but then i see posts like TCs and am flabbergasted some people actually think that way
@_date: 2014-05-02 06:25:22
technically speaking most tradable gold sits in vaults where a serial number is affixed to whomever owns it, so yes, if you own a gold bar you probably just have a number for it on the vaults registry
@_date: 2014-03-12 12:43:14
he's being vague and omitting facts to make the declaration palatable for the court. 
what intrigues me is under exhibit B which is supposed to be the Temporary Restraining Order and Comprehensive Prohibition Orders issued by the tokyo court it is untranslated except for mentions of Jed McCaleb, the US DoHS and Mutum Sigillum, and Coinlab.
All i can gather from that is that is that they're not done with their two big cases from a year ago? Like, maybe I'm missing something here but hasn't the mess with their Mutum Sigillum account been done with already? And regarding coinlab, is that even a company anymore? I haven't heard a damn thing about what they even do and it's been a loooong time.
@_date: 2014-03-10 09:20:41
this is exactly how james bond must have felt when vesper was locked in that cage underwater