@_author: chupblup
@_date: 2014-04-18 13:02:53
You have bitcoins and those bitcoins can buy less stuff now than a few month ago. Your thinking is flawed and losses are losses no matter if you realize them or not. There is no such thing as "unrealized loss". What you say is basically "You haven't lost anything unless you want to actually make use what you have." So you see in all cases where the value is relevant it is a loss. A real one.
@_date: 2014-04-18 13:06:10
As i told the other guy, the coins you own lost value. How is it no loss if you can buy less stuff with your coins now.
@_date: 2014-01-28 04:34:01
Quick translation for you, my fellow bitcoiners:
World Bitcoin Association's test phase of more than a week ended last Thursday. Getting the internet currency via ATM was highly popular in Zurich. "Nearly 15 BTC where withdrawn. At today's value that equals about 12000 franks.", the association's head Dorian Credé stated to "Blick am Abend". "We did not expect such big resonance. We see this very positively." The customer's only complaints were that the ATM machine was only available for such a short time. This problem will be solved soon. **Starting in March, the Bitcoin ATM will become permanent. "More machines will be set up within the next months.** We are open to investment partners.", says Credé. He has no fear the government will outlaw Bitcoin. "We expect governmental guidelines soon". But first the test-machine has to go back to its owner. Christian Mäder and Credè are transporting the machine to Bratislava by car.
E: added some more grammar
@_date: 2014-01-11 15:23:39
That might be so, but it's a cheap blow to say "gold standard is fine if evolution doesn't exist".
@_date: 2014-01-11 15:39:24
Would you say the primary reason for that is deflation?
@_date: 2014-04-18 15:42:25
The example of a house is a bit different because you can use the house without trading it. In reality we must combine the value that comes from its usage with the value it might have as an asset. If the house is undamaged and the neighborhood is still good, then there is no loss on this side. But if it is valued less (why? is the house maybe damaged/old?) then it has less usage to you as an asset. This value is lost to you at the moment, whether you sell the house or not.
So to extend this example to bitcoin, I guess you value its potential profits, hence it is of more value to you than its value as a currency (the goods you get for your coins). So what you are saying is that the purpose for which you bought the coins (future profits) is still intact, no matter how they are currently valued. This means that the value you give them is actually not measured by the current price. In this scenario, and if that's the only thing you care about, you have not lost anything, whether realized or unrealized.
See where I'm going with this? There is no unrealized win or loss. If it drops and rises again you lost and then you won. For real.
On a sidenote, if I understand you correctly and future profits are the sole reason for you owning bitcoins, then it might not be actually true that your possible future profits are undamaged by the current drop. They may happen later than you expected or it might bring the whole thing down. I'm not saying this will happen because I can't tell the future. However you surely estimated your future wealth sooner during the bubble than you do now, and that would mean that the value you give to "owning bitcoins" must have changed for you, possibly to the worse. That would be a real loss of value (for you personally) as well.
I wish you the best of luck, may the coin rise! (It will, I have no doubt about that, but that doesn't change anything I have said)
@_date: 2014-02-07 05:49:48
Quite the news. MtGox: 740, Bitstamp: 720, BTC-E: 708, Huobi: 750.
@_date: 2013-12-15 20:19:50
There are technical barriers like the blocksize limit that need to be overcome before bitcoin can even handle a crazy amount of people who suddenly use it. So if you are concerned about the growth and future of bitcoin and have some programming or mathematical background you should try to get active and help the general technical bitcoin development. If you're not, run a full node.
The other thing is, what people need to do is not use bitcoin in a way that makes it available on the markets. Send your buddy some coins. Pay someone who wants bitcoins, not USD through instant exchange. Or just hold the coins until you can use them *as coins* at an insane value, don't bother ever buying back dollars with them unless you are a trader. Because why should you buy this shitty fiat crap with good bitcoins?
And last but not least, new people need to tell more people about bitcoin and how science fiction tends to become reality. Can you imagine crypto going away? Do you think they send transactions to their central server in starwars? Even ferengi use gold pressed latinum for that reason, not fiat money. And after all, gold pressed latinum is very unpractical when it comes to transportation and that's why it's more of an analogy to bitcoin anyway.
DISCLAIMER: Inform your friends of all the risks, at least after the pep-talk. Tell them it might not be Bitcoin who wins the crypto race, even though it sure as hell looks like it. After all, they're your friends, right?
@_date: 2013-12-15 20:26:36
Old money is usually heavily managed so it holds it's value. The people managing it are experts who sure as hell heard about bitcoin. Do you imagine good old grandma sitting behind her desk?