@_author: churdtzu
@_date: 2016-01-13 16:43:32
It's unusual to see people in this thread cite the labour theory of value, saying that gold has value because it takes effort to dig it up, and likewise it takes effort to mine bitcoins. It takes effort to go around collecting belly-button lint from all the people in your neighbourhood - does that make it valuable? Or if you find a gold nugget laying on the ground, does that mean it's any less valuable than a nugget of equal weight found by mining?
The labour theory of value is an idea that's really outdated, and has very little to do with the reality of how people value things. As many others have mentioned, the subjective theory of value is far superior in explicative power - things have value because we choose to value them.
The reason people chose to use gold as money for so long - the reason they valued it as such - was because it had certain properties which made it suitable to be money. It was accepted as money, it's durable, a store of value, a unit of account, portable (at least compared to other items such as salt, wheat or silver), scarce, divisible, recognisable, and (somewhat) fungible (i.e. one ounce of gold is normally equivalent in value to another ounce of gold).
Fiat currency has some of these qualities, but the key ones which it lacks are scarcity and being a store of value.
Bitcoin has all of these qualities, and is much more portable than gold or even fiat currency. The only things it's lacking are widespread acceptability -  though at this stage it's far superior to gold in this respect - and stability as a unit of account.
@_date: 2018-03-01 06:55:07
I don't think they caught Mr Ulbricht because of the blockchain transactions. It was some old post he left on a forum. But of course you're right, it's not exactly anonymous. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 06:58:12
Well... I don't think anybody knows that. Most DNMs use Monero or other privacy focused coins these days, so it's likely that it's only a very small percentage of bitcoin tx used for illegal activity
@_date: 2018-03-01 07:01:43
Normal people can't handle money, and when they get it, they soon lose it. 
@_date: 2016-10-25 12:40:52
Bitso is the major exchange in Mexico, and they can convert bitcoins to pesos at certain major banks and convenience stores, including 7/11. That's probably what they're doing.