@_author: ciddsf
@_date: 2017-01-27 22:53:20
f you have the private key, you control the bitcoins.
The problem is that you don't know that the seller isn't going to move the bitcoins before you do, but there are ways around that.
One way is to give the buyer the impression that the seller doesn't know the key is sold: the seller actually sells a backdoor into a victim's computer, (but it's actually their own). The buyer thinks he's a sneaky hacker, but he's being played.
@_date: 2017-01-27 22:53:08
I really believe they think they are in the right, and think they are trying to do the best thing for bitcoin. That sub-reddit has descended into conspiracy theory and false-facts.
When you are supporting conspiracy theory due to 'false facts', an individual can be completely rational in their thinking, so long as they don't realize their facts are bogus.
That sub-reddit has been fed a steady diet of propaganda and misinformation. Of course, they would say the exact same thing about this one.
@_date: 2017-01-27 22:54:57
The only argument I can see is that it drives demand for off chain solutions. It's the only one I can think of myself too, but here is why I think it's a bit misguided. It's not like off chain solutions are free, they are just much cheaper than on-chain solutions.
Take for example the lightning network. Sending money there is not free, there is a cost associated with opening and closing a channel. That cost is the transaction fee. Thus if the transaction fee rises x%, the cost of using the lightning network goes up by x%. The same is basically true for any smart contract. Thus with high fees, some smart contracts will not be economically viable.
My bottom line is: If we want Bitcoin to take over the world we should work hard to get it as good as at all possible. Price is one point, decentralization is another, both are important.
@_date: 2017-01-27 22:54:09
What's going on in this thread? This is huge news. This is one of the biggest thefts in modern history AFAIK and, above all, 100 million USD worth of bitcoin thought to be locked down for the foreseeable future by the market could of course impact the price of bitcoin if they start to move. Is everyone trolling or are you just noobs?