@_author: ciphercrypt
@_date: 2017-12-14 00:44:18
Incredible reply. Coinbase is only one exchange of hundreds trading Bitcoin, you absolutely cannot just use Coinbase to determine BTC price (normie detected).
Google does not show prices of anything in real time (or near realtime), it is always delayed/cached.
Now I'm going to tell you what the actual price of BTC is:
$16,414.10, as reported by Coinmarketcap taking into account hundreds of exchanges. That means BTC.com reports a price difference of $3 as of writing this comment. Fucking hell that's misleading, a whole $3...
@_date: 2017-12-14 02:35:11
I'm not taking it personally, a big problem in the crypto space is comments like yours however "looks like fuckery to me." when you don't even know how to check the price of Bitcoin. People jump on the train and it leads to aggression and attacks (on bch sub for example)
@_date: 2017-12-13 23:12:42
Lol, click the link and I see a green arrow saying BTC is up.
edit: I'll use my brain so you don't have to. Obviously the price updates every interval, so no arrow is shown if the price did not change in that interval when it updates
@_date: 2017-12-17 12:41:47
Sure it's possie, but please at any legitimate company this is highly unlikely. All source code will be audited not only internally but most likely externally (probably as per government regulations). Firstly, a software developer willing to purposely program a vulnerability is one willing to gamble their life away.
All companies are very conscious about security, for example the databases will have permissions, and will track exactly which employee has viewed what data (employees can't just randomly view people's private keys etc), and version control systems will track source code changes (employee can't just go back to old code such as key generation and implement an exploit).
For smaller companies, sure this is a problem. But for larger, regulated companies the bigger problem is vulnerabilities that outside hackers exploit.