@_author: circle2011
@_date: 2014-07-22 02:15:04
Lol yeah it feels a little "me too." But from the announcement they said they've already processed millions in USD so it sounds like its up and running vs OKCoin who just announced their plans to support it...soon? Does anyone know how BTCC determined the invite thing? I'm on their site regularly-ish and I never saw anything about this before. 
It'll be interesting to see when these two launch their int'l platforms if they keep fees at zero. That could be pretty bad cuz it could be a repeat of the fall China-driven bubble if global exchanges start losing volume to them and have to respond. It seems like both have their shit together so I hope OKC and BTCC do the responsible thing. 
I have no faith that huobi will do anything responsible.
@_date: 2014-06-28 07:50:42
First of all thank you! I'm an expat in china and it's  been hard to get info on a lot of stuff re trading. I made an account just so I could participate :). 
So, I'm not gonna lie, I'm confused on RMB deposits especially since there's now a story (a rumor??) on Coindesk that vouchers will be shut down too in China. I wanted to make RMB deposits via bank transfer and it took me to like a verified seller page. What's the difference between verified sellers and vouchers? Can you explain exactly how, and for how long, you're able to accept RMB deposits? 
Also why does it seem like each of the big three in China are using different methods at different times??
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:50:18
Honestly, I was afraid this was how you'd answer. The drop happened reaallyy suddenly, not "after bad publicity," and then the CEO suddenly canceled a scheduled Q&amp;A? Then major bitcoiners in the Chinese community commented on it? This isn't like some random bug dude, this is a thing. I really want to know what happened, I'm not trying to be a dick here, but your answer just isn't an answer.
@_date: 2014-07-22 03:33:38
i dunno i mean it's great to have 0 fees as a trader but I think given the volatility its sort of playing with fire. OKcoin and BTC China both reinstated their fees after the regulation which to me was their way of saying they shouldn't have eliminated them in the first place. I was disappointed when they both completely reversed themselves.
edit: only the Chinese exchanges have 0 fees right? I only really started trading after I moved here
@_date: 2014-07-22 01:57:31
another stoked expat here. Hope they'll support BTC/USD trading soon too!
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:33:26
Ok not to bring this up again, but I have another, very genuine question about volume. The no fees and HFT thing makes total sense to me as to your CURRENT volume. But I read this article (I went back and found it) a long time ago and honestly since then I've been a little wary of your guys' site. You guys have obviously been doing well, but I've yet to hear what the heck happened with this: 
Why did the volume suddenly drop? Why did the Q&amp;A get cancelled? I'm sorry, but the "we have no fees" just doesn't answer this article, which is from Coindesk no less. I'd really appreciate knowing what happened.
@_date: 2014-07-17 02:52:33
I think the paranoia around the "China bans bitcoin" story is  huugely misplaced. Maybe it's cuz I live in China and speak the language well enough to read the news, but none of the major exchanges (BTCC, OKC, Huobi) ever actually said it was banned. It was jackass western media that doesn't speak Chinese suddenly posing as fucking Chinese legal experts or something. I remember reading in like significant western publications headlines like "China banned bitcoin" and I was stunned because it was never true. I blame the shitty reporters but not the exchanges themselves.
@_date: 2014-06-30 15:13:31
...so this is really just gonna be your guys answer then? not inspiring a lot of confidence here. 