@_author: cisplatinxyz
@_date: 2017-01-08 23:50:34
Ethereum is [ASIC-resistant]( so a more competitive mining machine would be easier to build for Ethereum than for Bitcoin.
It's not a bad idea, but I would recommend looking at other coins to mine rather than Ethereum, as it's fairly mainstream (i.e. less profitable) at this point - especially after [Coinbase announced that they are supporting Ethereum](
If you do pick another coin, just make sure you don't choose a scam coin like ZCash. I would recommend mining Monero, which would probably be the most profitable. But don't take my word for it, I could just be a Monero shill.
@_date: 2017-08-13 21:39:06
Not on a lot of conceivable dimension. Privacy is a massive concern (solved by Monero), for one. Besides that, there are many coins that offer functionality Bitcoin can only dream of (such as Ethereum).
I agree, most alt-coins are scams, or a product of complete incompetency. But I would not be surprised if Bitcoin was just considered an alt-coin in the next year or two.
@_date: 2017-01-09 00:23:41
There are a lot of shady parts of ZCash that heavily indicate it's a scam. Some examples include:
* 20% of all profits from mined blocks goes to the developers.
* The technology behind ZCash required a trusted set-up, so we have to trust that the developers did not pre-mine coins before the release.
* The technology that makes ZCash secure has not been peer-reviewed.
* ZCash is literally backed a private company - the exact opposite of decentralization, they just replace the banks as a new hub.
* Many claims the developers made were not true. They claimed they had been testing the technology for a long time before the release, and yet the day after release we find that many features don't work (such as z-addr transactions).
There's a lot more, but those are some of the reasons that ZCash is a scam.
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:21:15
I really think this guy is right - all this new money is starting to flow in from private companies (i.e. hedge funds), that could totally create another explosion in BTC's price