@_author: citizencain
@_date: 2011-07-06 17:17:54


I've never heard one that didn't include the impact of deflation, but if you can tell me a good one without it, I'm all ears.
@_date: 2011-07-06 12:18:26


Yeah.  Based on what I've read, I think I'm right in hanging my hopes on Bitcoin to be a pre-cursor to something else that will change the world, not to be a world-beater itself.




How would you do it differently?  That's a serious flaw (theoretical, no known successful attacks yet), but I'm not sure how to avoid that problem in a P2P system... and going the other route with a centralized system introduces all kinds of other problems.
@_date: 2011-07-07 15:40:20
It is for all intents and purposes.  It is currency that is not backed by anything of intrinsic value.  "Fiat" is just a lot shorter and more convenient to say than "not backed by anything of intrinsic value."
And, for the record, Bitcoin does fit the general definition of fiat currency as well, because its value is based on "fiat" or declaration.  We say it has value, so it has value.  Just because "we" aren't a government doesn't change the fact that the value of Bitcoins is based solely on fiat, on "our" (informal/implied) declarations that it has value.
@_date: 2011-07-06 12:36:55


Well, something being touted as a replacement for fiat money needs to be *better* than fiat money.  Switching inflation for deflation isn't an improvement, it's a lateral move.  Of course, Bitcoins are better than fiat currency in other ways, but the deflationary thing **is** a big deal.  Probably why people are making a big deal out of it.
(Just for the record, I was hoping someone would come in here and tell me that I'd missed something, and there was something built into the Bitcoin system to counteract deflation, but it was not to be, I guess.)
@_date: 2011-07-06 12:11:53
Lol, yes, I think we can all find more than enough inflationary currencies.  But deflationary currency isn't really an improvement on inflationary currency, because it has the exact opposite problems, so it's more of a lateral move.  The ideal is a currency that's neither inflationary nor deflationary, but rather in perfect lock step with the growth of the economy.
And while we're wishing for impossible things, I'll take an Aston Martin and two of those supermodels.
@_date: 2011-07-06 17:11:01




"Constant money supply" would create deflation... like Bitcoin, which will have a constant supply of 21 million BTCs in the near future.  I assume you mean a money supply with no inflation or deflation (from the rest of your post).
And the answer, I suppose would be that in order to neither inflate nor deflate, a the supply of currency would have to grow at the same pace as the economy... so you'd measure growth by, well comparing numbers.  Like we do now.


Well, they kinda do... all else being equal, technology improves productivity, and more people are born every year than die.  Granted, economic growth is much more variable than tree growth, but they're not fundamentally that different.  After all, sometimes trees collapse too. :p




Oh, you're missing the point, is what.  I wasn't talking about stable price levels or micro-economic indicators, but about expanding the currency supply at the same rate as economic growth to avoid inflation or deflation - if new technology makes pizzas easier or cheaper to produce, pizza vendors are free to charge less for their delicious products.  The amount of currency can impact the price of pizzas, but the two are not necessarily linked - you can't deconstruct a macro-economic issue with a single product, no matter how delicious and filling that product may be.
@_date: 2011-07-06 11:24:36
No, gold is not deflationary, because we can always go find more.  In fact, more of it is being pulled out of the ground on a daily basis.  That's what keeps it useful as a currency (as well as its other desirable attributes) - the ability to acquire more to grow the gold supply with the economy.
@_date: 2011-07-06 12:44:44


Actually, I was thinking more along the lines of "Bitcoins are worth jumping into" vs "Bitcoins aren't worth jumping into."  It looks to me like it's not viable as a currency replacement (so I'm not planning on jumping on board), but hopefully it'll dissuade people of the notion that they need their governments, and maybe even inspire a project that *will* replace fiat money.  Hashcash, perhaps. :)
At the very least, it's a step in the right direction - making the black market safer and making problems for the government racket.
@_date: 2011-07-06 10:58:17
The deflationary problem isn't that it's not possible to spend currency, but that it's not wise to, because it's gaining value over time.  You can divide it into as many smaller amounts as you want, but that doesn't change the incentive to horde them if they're going to be worth more in the future.
@_date: 2011-07-06 12:32:04
OK, that's an interesting idea... but I can already spend money online (with a credit or debit card), and get included insurance against fraud and theft.  Bitcoins are a couple steps backwards in that regard.  Less convenient (because everyone has money, but would need to trade money for Bitcoins) and no fraud/theft protection.
Seems like their primary use is in the (electronic) black market, rather than as an everyday currency to replace national fiat money.  Not that this is all bad, mind you (anything that takes power away from our Leviathan States is good in my book), just that it doesn't seem like Bitcoins are quite up to the task of being a full-fledged currency.
@_date: 2011-07-06 10:43:54
Well, sure it does.  How many trillions of Yen were in circulation when Japan went through its deflation-fuel economic "crisis" during the 80's?
(Called the lost decade - their economy basically spent a whole decade where it didn't grow at all, and even shrunk some years, because of rampant deflation and currency hoarding.)
It's not an issue of whether or not you can divide the currency enough to spend, it's an issue that the rational decision is to save as much as possible, because the currency will be worth more tomorrow... thus, people hoard their money to the extent that it limits or prevents economic growth.  Why risk investing (and potentially losing your investment), when you can just wait?  Risk free return on investment.
@_date: 2011-07-06 11:08:47
I'm not a fan of the initial distribution mechanism either, but it seems to me that it did what it needed to do - incentivized early adopters to devote resources to this new idea and gave Bitcoin the initial kick-start it needed.
I think the bigger problem is that now you're going to end up with one guy who's got ~2% of the total available Bitcoins because he had access to a server farm at the right time.  What if he gets hit by a bus?  All those Bitcoins are gone forever, never mind the general problems that could arise from one person controlling that much of a currency.  But again, this seems to me like it wouldn't be a problem if there was no hard limit on the maximum number of Bitcoins.
@_date: 2011-07-06 12:26:34
The difference being that the supply of Bitcoins will be exhausted in a number of years, whereas the supply of gold won't be exhausted until after the sun swallows up the Earth... and, provided humanity survives, there will be gold to mine on other planets - not that people capable of interstellar flight would have much use for gold as a currency.
@_date: 2011-07-06 10:55:16


Well, no, that's only true when you "save" by investing.  "Savings" in a bank are used to finance spending through loans and large investment projects and so on.  When you "save" your money by hiding it under the mattress, or in your Appdata directory, it's not being invested by someone else, because that currency isn't circulating, or even accessible to the rest of the economy.


Well, in that scenario, why not hoard all my wealth in non-circulating Bitcoins?  Whatever inflationary, crappy USD I don't have to spend from my paycheck, I put into Bitcoins.
But, then, why would I spend any of my Bitcoins, which will be worth more tomorrow, when I can buy what I need with my government's fiat currency, which will be worth *less* tomorrow?
The only smart move is to not spend Bitcoins, which seems to reduce their utility as a currency.


Yes, that's exactly the deflation problem.  It makes it economical to horde, and foolish to spend.  This results in hording, instead of spending, which is a problem, since the very purpose of currency is to facilitate the easy transfer of value from one person to anther.
@_date: 2011-07-06 10:38:37
Well, "enriching" (or favoring) early adopters was one of the creator's stated goals and he was upfront about that, so it's pretty unfair to call it a scam.  You want to see a scam, look at what governments do with paper [fiat] currency.  After taxing it at exorbitant rates, (income and sales taxes) they intentionally print increasing amounts to decrease the value of existing currency (inflation) and invisibly tax savings as well.
At least my Bitcoins are safe from the taxman, and essentially anonymous, making them safe from government-mandated theft.  So even if they're not an ideal currency, they certainly have some very appealing attributes.
@_date: 2011-07-07 15:35:08


Those problems are in protecting it from theft.  Gold is dirt cheap to store.  You can literally throw it in the backyard or on the roof and it would store just fine.  The problem is that someone would probably walk away with it... but that's security, which is different than storage.


No, that's not really true.  If my hard drive crashes, my Bitcoins are gone.  As a matter of fact, in the case of data loss, my Bitcoins are gone for everyone forever.  For that matter, my hard disks are encrypted with some really heavy crypto, so if I die, my Bitcoins are as good as destroyed.
Completely "destroyed" for all intents and purposes.  Gold, on the other hand, doesn't get destroyed, except when they smash atoms of it together in a particle accelerator... and gold remains accessible after the owner's death, unlike Bitcoins on an encrypted drive.
(Yeah, I know I *could* back up my Bitcoins... but I'm too lazy to bother for the handful I have, so if I suffer data loss, they're destroyed.)
@_date: 2011-07-06 11:20:33




Which all but guarantees it won't become that successful - why buy in to a system which is so seriously slanted against you?  Right, so the rich and powerful won't, because there's no incentive to, meaning Bitcoins won't replace national currencies, sadly.
But even if it's only slightly successful, the possibilities are delightful... proof of concept of both a true electronic currency and a currency that's independent of any government.  Almost enough to make me think I might live to see the death of the Leviathan State.
But maybe I'm just being optimistic and naive...


Yeah, I think you are.  I really do think it's a revolutionary attack on fiat currency, not some get-rich-quick (after years of coding) scheme.