@_author: citizen55
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:41:37
But there wasn't any investment. That's my point. Maybe a little bit of money in electricity and video cards. His time was worth almost nothing. And setting your computer to do something while you're doing something else? That isn't exactly hard work. Your analogy with the roulette table is horrible because it involves a potential loss. There was almost no potential loss here. The situation would be entirely different if he had invested money recently and seen huge gains from his initial investment. The mining is what makes this different, i.e. getting something for essentially nothing. That's what makes it feel like a lottery. And it is what also made bitcoin seem like a scam in the early days. After all, how can something made from nothing (and very easily) have any value? 
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:46:36
I'm one of the friends that is on the other side. My buddy told me about Bitcoin a few years ago and I thought it was interesting but ultimately very scammy. He started mining in earnest because he had nothing better to do and I sat on the sidelines. About 6 months later after it seemed to be getting more popular and going up in value, I started doing a tiny bit of mining, just with my desktop computer. Nothing serious, just some play during the winter because there is no waste if you have electric heat. I never actually invested any money into it. 
Fast forward to today and I have a few dozen bitcoins. My buddy has a few thousand. And I can't help but resent it. It doesn't help that he has been a loser all his life. Is middle aged, never held a decent job, lives with his parents, etc. All the stereotypical stuff. I accepted that and I was fine with that although I always tried to help him further himself. That's all different now. I feel like I've done everything right. Well, maybe not everything but enough. I've gone about achieving success the normal, hardworking way, and it feels like he just happened to stumble on a gold mine in his backyard. If he got to be a millionaire (which he is at current values) by hard work and determination or serious investments of time or money, it would be a different story. But he didn't. It was a lottery win. I know I should be happy for him but I can't help but resent the situation. Also, let's say Bitcoin succeeds; he will be a millionaire with no other source of income who didn't need to work for what he has. I don't think that will be good for him in the long term. I half hope that Bitcoin fails so that he finally buckles down and is forced to make something of himself. 
Does the fault in how I see the situation lie in me? Of course. I have human failings and I wish I wasn't jealous or resentful. Hopefully I can get over it and if he sticks around here, remain his friend. But it won't be easy.