@_author: civ2000
@_date: 2016-11-11 15:33:29
moronmonday526 - that more than answers it, and gives me a few nice pointers towards a few other things to read up on. Thanks, much appreciated.
@_date: 2016-11-11 13:17:52
How does using my passphrase (12 word seed) to restore my bitcoin balance on a mobile phone app work?
Ie are my private key(s) stored on my phone and the passphrase is used to regenerate them, or are they stored by the wallet provider and the passphrase is used to access and download them to the app - or does the magic work in a different way altogether.
Thanks 
@_date: 2016-11-11 22:03:20
Thanks for all the answers, for info I got the following from the breadwallet people too, which fits nicely with mormonmonday526's comments.
Breadwallet uses the BIP32 standard to generate all of your private keys from a single seed. We use the BIP39 standard to generate your seed from a recovery phrase, which we show you during wallet creation (and which is available at any time through the menu).
When you restore a wallet, all you need to do is enter your recovery phrase. The app will convert that to your wallet seed, then regenerate your private keys from it. This is done completely inside of your own device, and none of your information is shared with us or our servers.
This means it is very important to store your recovery phrase safely, because if you lose it we can not help you. But it also means you are not reliant on us or our infrastructure, and your funds can never been blocked or stolen by us (by order of law enforcement, etc).
@_date: 2017-09-06 15:06:46
That's reassuring. I talk to a fair few people who work for big tech cos who surprisingly don't seem to be that aware of it at all - although the organisations they work for do usually have a couple of people having a tinker with it and a reference or two on their website. 
@_date: 2017-09-05 15:59:14
I think quaai's comments make a lot of sense. But if you do want to learn more, I would suggest setting up a few wallets, buying no more than £20 worth of bitcoins and then trying a few hands on exercises - transferring funds between your own wallets, converting some to a different cryptocurrency etc. You'll lose some on transaction fees or possibly mistakes but it's a good way to learn as a few hands on skills help to understand how the tech works. Off the top of my head you could have a look at breadwallet (phone app), localbitcoins.com (to buy bitcoins) and coinbase.com (online trading). Think of the £20 as the cost of education not as an investment. And just to be really clear, understanding how it all works is of course completely different to predicting the madness of the market (there's a famous Isaac Newton quote he made about that after he lost a heap of cash investing) so don't invest what you can't afford to lose! 
