@_author: ckarasu
@_date: 2014-08-12 04:16:43
I've been browsing the internet for years now. I've seen what you speak of, and I laugh at those supposed sources. Talk of the dollar collapse being imminent have been around for a decade, at the very least. Every year they say that the dollar collapse would happen "soon", and yet nothing. At least half of the sources are obviously biased(silver/gold sellers). Other sources have other biases(selling books, being anti government, or supporting different economic theories as being correct). I've seen this stuff spouted for quite some time, so I can't take it seriously at all.     
  
And war with Russia? The US never spoke of engaging with Russia, even during the plane investigation(unless you count the "hawks"). Sanctions aren't really a provocation for war, but frivolous actions. The closest we got was with Syria, and that was just some military strikes being talked about. Alternative news didn't stop that from happening. People's apathy and disdain for another military involved affair, as well as the government itself(congress was really against it, which speaks volumes about where that was going to go regardless).     
  
Net Neutrality isn't going to censor a thing. It's a fast lane plan at worst, and people have good reason to hate it. That said, it's not going to shut down alternative news sites or anything like that. I've been following for a while, and it really isn't going to amount to that much. Let's not forget how impractical it is to try to censor the internet. There are millions of sites out there, and more crop up every day. Let's not forget stuff like proxies and the like, which makes it even harder to regulate the internet.    
  
Alternative news sites don't account for much when it comes to disrupting plans, in all honestly. The majority of the population scoffs at them as being crazy(whether it's a deserved title or not is obviously up for debate), and hardly anyone cares once the newest big scandal crops up.    
  
Can any of this happen? Sure, but I have yet to see any reputable evidence to support it. And I don't want to hear "you aren't looking hard enough", because that is not a proper rebuttal but the response of a person who has nothing valuable to add.
@_date: 2014-08-12 04:41:57
I'm not sure I'd trust Globalresearch at all. They have a huge anti-American bias, and their evidence in the articles doesn't look conclusive at all. Some of their sources are from Russian reports, which are obviously slanted towards Russian interests.   
  
I'm not saying that Globalresearch is wrong, but that you should take what they write with a grain of salt due to their interests.