@_author: ckaye
@_date: 2018-01-20 09:21:57
These new Tomorrows.
 - grin-
@_date: 2018-01-22 07:13:55
One analogy would be this...
Imagine "Bitcoin" is like gold. Something you've invested in and acquired over time because its a hedge against inflation as you can always trade it for some current market value, that will, ostensibly continue to increase over time.
Now...how do you spend your "gold" / bitcoin ? Furthermore how do you gain very, very, fine control over the specific denomination/amount/fraction of your "gold" or bitcoin that you want to spend?
The answer to this (is second layer tech/code/protocol), (as well as addressing blockchain data congestion/cost/transcription issues) is the Lightning Network.
I imagine you have your bitcoin in an exchange or in a private hardware or software or paper wallet, whatever your personal need/choice. Now imagine you want to purchase a new laptop, some socks and a kitchen fixture on amazon, 4 tons of aluminum from alibaba, a tiny house, one coffee, and 3 apples.
You are going to need a quick and easy (mutually agreed upon) MEDIUM OF EXCHANGE (like dollars, or bitcoins, or gold ...just some are faster and more convenient!) and STORE OF VALUE. You are also going to need to dole out this 'currency'/medium of exchange in multiple and vastly different amounts and denominations.
Lightning Network allows you to conveniently exchange and fractionalize/denominate your Bitcoin down to millisatoshi at present. Recall that a single bitcoin is equal to 100,000,000 satoshi and a millisatoshi is a fraction of a satoshi. This is how one can use the same system and medium of exchange to do everything from purchase a house, a plane, or business or an apple. 
To do this you would essentially take SOME of your bitcoin and upload/transfer it into a lightning networked acct/wallet. That fraction or your personal bitcoin reserve is then readily accessible to use for 'global vendor transactions' and can be thought of as dollars in a wallet in your pocket, spendable on/through multiple devices, interfaces and platforms.
Meanwhile, the majority of your bitcoin stays in your private wallet/storage choice and not immediately accessible to the Lightning Network.
It really is very much like having a checking acct or savings or what have your accept YOU are your own bank and you can approve your own cash withdraws.
CAVEAT : All of the aforementioned is per my present understanding and apprehension of the system, and much of the tech/interface associated with layer 2 and Lightning is sure to evolve rapidly. 
Hope this helps to somewhat contextualize what the Lightning Network will essentially be. A way to efficiently allow multiple parties to exchange goods, services and stores of value, and make record of the transactions and balances on the primary blockchain and distributed ledger, without over-saturating the hardware that is processing the data by using a protocol akin to torrent/p2p networking. 
