@_author: clairmontbooker
@_date: 2015-03-06 22:40:50
Let's break this down:


How do you measure this amount? You take the spot price of the asset and multiply it by the quantity of assets. The spot price of an asset can increase without a change in any other asset prices.
A perfect example is Cynk stock last year. Some partners created a publicly traded company called Cynk Technology. It had $5,000 dollars in assets. Then, those partners traded the stock between each other. Since no one had ever heard of Cynk Technology, they were the only ones trading and sold it at ever increasing amounts *to each other.* Since the partners owned all of it, they had complete control of the price and eventually a company with $5,000 in assets was valued in the millions. **No other asset prices changed.**
While this much of the story is enough to prove my point, the ending is interesting so here it is. Eventually, other investors found out and decided to short-sell Cynk stock since an empty company with $5,000 in assets and zero future earnings should be worth $5,000 not millions. Since the original partners owned all the shares, they could decide at what price to sell to the shorts to allow them to cover the position, and they kept bidding up the price forcing the shorts to buy from them at inflated values to cover their positions. The price for $5,000 in assets eventually rose to $6 billion.


It's coming from the value of the dollar *in terms of bitcoins*. This doesn't mean that the value of the dollar in terms of some other asset changed. Let me ask you, where do you think the dollars go when people start buying bitcoins for dollars? 
@_date: 2015-03-06 21:46:29
So when the price of real estate goes down, the price of all other assets must go up? Can you think of a way to test this prediction?
If an entire asset class increases in value, it in no way implies that other assets have decreased in value; otherwise, what is inflation? Ok, let's assume you're talking about real value. Suppose Bill Gates and Warren Buffet get in a bidding war over an old rusty nail. Gates wins with a bid of $1B. Were there a market for old rusty nails, the market price would be $1B. No other prices have been affected, no one made poorer, and all owners of nails could consider themselves billionaires if they trusted the spot price of an extremely volatile and illiquid asset.
Please for the last time, wealth is not a zero-sum game.