@_author: clains
@_date: 2015-06-25 19:09:10
Here is the code,  Here is how they benchmarked it,  Here is the roadmap towards launch,  (currently in phase 2).
Code review and analysis welcome!
@_date: 2015-06-18 22:42:23
BitReserve have IOUs with counter-party risk. The only decentralized, blockchain option for sending fiat value with no counter-party risk is the one offered by BitShares' SmartCoins (aka BitAssets). These assets have no external reserve and are trustlessly backed by collateral on-chain.
@_date: 2015-06-25 10:16:17
Funny, because I think that guy (bytemaster) did get it. He's the founder of BitShares, which will be capable of 100k transactions and &lt;1s block times after next upgrade according to recent benchmarks. The reason why bytemaster was so concerned was because he wanted to replace not just a currency or gold, but all the giant banks and exchanges, which by necessity requires a blockchain solution capable of low latency and high transaction volume. Well, after 5 years of hard work bytemaster may finally have found his solution, capable of competing not only with Visa, but banks, NASDAQ and all the rest, 
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:54:07
You could also pay them in bitUSD, which has all the properties of bitcoin (decentralized, instant peer-to-peer
transactions worldwide, zero or low
processing fees) but with the price stability of USD. 
Contact brian and he'll sort you out.
@_date: 2014-04-03 15:10:39
Awesome :)
@_date: 2014-06-12 12:12:26
Always when people discuss this issue it is apparent that they speak from financial or emotional attachment to Bitcoin. However, the spirit of Bitcoin is not the same as Bitcoin. If Bitcoin becomes a pawn in a political game or subject to centralized forces, then it no longer represents the Bitcoin spirit. Even as we speak Bitcoin is being modified to become better, but the success or failure of this project long term is not essential to reach our goal of a truly decentralized currency and financial system. Never mistake a means for the the end; if Bitcoin is not the currency for the new age then we will find a new one. 
We also have to remember that it is not just about a currency, but about the possibility of a decentralized financial system, where any value can be transmitted from person to person without a central authority or bank sanctioning it. As it stands,  NXT, BitShares, Mastercoin and Ethereum are trying to create decentralized financial instruments that Bitcoin alone was not intended to handle. Mastercoin relies on the Bitcoin blockchain, while NXT and Ethereum are creating a new blockchain that they intend to build everything on top of, and finally BitShares creates a toolkit that allows anyone to launch new blockchains for specific purposes. Whether we can use one blockchain to do all the work, or should release new blockchains for specific purposes relies on the truth about how scalable a single blockchain solution is, and how diverse are the kinds of Distributed Autonomous Companies (DACs) a blockchain can implement.
As Satoshi pointed out back in the day, doing namecoin on the same chain as bitcoin would create political discussions about size of transactions and transaction fees. Already the Mastercoin/Counterparty devs seem to have disagreements with the Bitcoin core devs. How to avoid bloat with a centralized chain handling all different types of transactions still seems to be an ongoing discussion (side chains??).
At the moment my money is in NXT and BitShares. NXT for the community, hype and first-mover effect. BitShares for their focus on economical principles, scalability and the "shares in a DAC" metaphor.. And I have to say, the longer Ethereum prevents knowledgeable onlookers from participating by investing or mining or whatever else, the more resentment will build up as it is the private investors who profit from this kind of hype before a public IPO.
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:03:25
bitAssets is a general thing. Anyone can propose what assets to track and if something gets enough votes and there is enough market demand it gets activated automatically.
@_date: 2015-01-22 14:25:57
Founder of BitShares Daniel Larimer was working on something called called TorNet a couple of years ago:


Perhaps you can find some valuable insights there?
@_date: 2015-01-05 15:34:59
9 months ago 
@_date: 2015-01-06 11:16:27
Right after launch BitShares went from 15 million to 100 million market cap and then down to 50 million within a week, all the while bitUSD was trading within 5% of USD. As BitShares grows and bitUSD liquidity increases it trades within a very slim margin. Remember that bitUSD understood as an IOU has 300% or more BTS as collateral, and that the blockchain does automatic margin calls if BTS falls too much in value.
@_date: 2015-01-26 06:26:18
It is possible to short BTC in the BitShares wallet, but it requires 2-300% BTS as collateral. Wallet is still only 0.5 version, but you can try it out here: [BitShares.org](
@_date: 2015-01-24 15:03:34
Ah, so you use the Torrent network combined with Bitcoin.
I would try to post the suggestion over at the BitShares forum though, as they focus and specialize in helping people launch economically sound DACs, and the platform is optimized for this purpose as well. 
You'll need a tough skin over there though. People speak their honest mind about how viable any given project is, and might just decide that it is rubbish, not worth the effort, or that some other project would be better.
You also get financial help for starting your DAC on the BitShares platform, as the blockchain is autonomously hiring (by approval voting) people who provide value to the network.
For example, [here is a guy]( doing decentralized DNS who is asking to get hired (elected) by the BitShares Blockchain. And here are some examples of DAC projects that are well underway; [Vote]( [Play]( [Music](
It is pretty cool. But I fully understand going with Bitcoin, as it has been around so much longer, while BitShares is still pre-launch at wallet 0.5 ;) 
In any case, if you have any questions about all that please let me know. BitShares is still way too complex and unintelligible to make sense of it on first take..
@_date: 2015-08-23 19:11:18
DPoS allows everyone holding the coin to vote for block-producers, code-changes and worker projects. Votes are proportional to holdings. The attempt is to make a self-governing blockchain that can vote for its own block-signers, select when and what to upgrade, and who and what projects to employ in its service. 
Who knows how this will work out, but seeing the political deadlock and external giants forming around Bitcoin (centralized exchanges, mining pools, and foundations) makes delegation by coin-weighted voting seem like an interesting alternative at least.
@_date: 2015-07-10 01:35:49
The argument from coercion applies to every reasonable remote voting solution. Non-remote solutions also have essential problems, e.g. for the disabled. You have to weigh issues. Cost is another issue. Dismissing remote voting solutions by the argument from coercion alone sounds dogmatic. For one, the argument needs to be weighed by other arguments. Second, the argument can be contested by e.g. using interrogation or a lie-detector to coerce. In any case, while FMV's technology is an innovative digital way of recording votes on a network, you could combine it with traditional voting booths.
@_date: 2017-09-02 17:53:49
they dont
@_date: 2015-03-31 12:52:37
Distribution is a practical matter. If you want you could copy their PoS tech and drop it 1:1 on Bitcoin or any other PoW chain, giving each user funds proportional in the new PoS chain what they had in the PoW chain.