@_author: clarkkentsthrowaway
@_date: 2018-02-24 16:28:20
You mean the counterexample that was debunked [here](
Or you should look at the [paper]( that explains how (at least) one “study” was completely biased towards coming to a predetermined conclusion.
@_date: 2018-02-24 17:15:07
The post I listed is full of counterfactual figures. Additionally, it has been proven time and time again that the gun ban has been proven to have no effect on the amount of crime that occurred relative to non-gun crime. Murder that occurred with a gun happened at the same rate as murder without a gun. 
Having a gun doesn’t all of a sudden make someone go crazy and want to kill everyone. If someone wants to kill a bunch of people, they will do so with or without a gun. There are sooooo many instances of this that have happened within the past couple of years in Europe. The increased usage of trucks to mow down people in the streets or in markets is just one example. There have been mass stabbing with 50+ victims (recalling at least one in China).
I’m not sure if you are saying that I am biased, or the post that came from I am assuming you mean firearms. In that case, why does the aggregation source matter if the sources that it links to are valid? Or are you pulling a “I don’t like your source, so I am just going to say it is biased so it doesn’t ‘really’ apply?”
@_date: 2018-02-24 20:15:12
Please forgive my inability to do the in-text quotes. I am on mobile and haven’t put in the research to learn how to do it. I will just respond to your arguments as much in order as I can.
My bad, I was under the impression that counterfactual was synonymous with counterpoint. The post I linked is directly related with the myth that the gun ban is a shining example of what gun confiscation should be. Gun control activists point to the “benefits” that came with the confiscation. The post that I linked has several sources that claim that the benefits are non-existent and gun ownership has no correlation with the rate of crime or and the use of a gun. As I stated before, if someone is going to commit a crime, they are just as likely to use a gun as they are to use a knife or a truck.
My example is not counterfactual. It is the truth. Do you honestly think that the thought process of a psychopath is “hmm I WAS going to go kill a bunch of people today... damn, guns aren’t allowed, so I guess I just won’t do it.”
Your argument is that it is the inability to access a gun that has made Australia (nope) or Europe (laughably nope) so much safer. That simply is not the point. Simply, to these maniacs, a gun is a tool that they use to murder. It is no different than a truck or a bomb.
As for your question of why I want or need a reason to have a gun, now who is throwing out that big ol’ red herring? Just because it makes no sense to you doesn’t mean it doesn’t make sense to other law abiding Americans.
That being said, I’ll bite. I do not rely on an antiquated part of the constitution to have a reason to need or want a gun. A. The first and foremost reason I need/want a gun for protecting my family. If some crackhead breaks into my house, I do not want to play fair. If he/she has a gun, which in all fairness they most likely do not own legally (that whole section on the background check where they say that they are not addicted to any controlled/illegal substances), I want to have my own gun to be able to respond with equal or more firepower. I will be relying on my training and familiarity with my firearm(s) to meet the situation with only required amount of force to stop the situation. B. I am also following the law and what has been laid out by the judicial system.
Ya know the problem with statistics? Everyone (both sides are included in this, not just yours) can make them fit however they want. You can collect your data points and skew them how you want and I could do the same if I wanted to.
Just like you feel it is pointless to argue with gun activists, I feel the same about gun control activists. If you think about it, it is the deep hatred for guns on the gun control activists side that leaves little room to compromise. Unfortunately, we will just have to agree to disagree.
As for the relevance of the 2A to modern America, it isn’t only the 2A. It is also the hundreds or thousands of hours of legal arguments that have been made in front of courts to fight for those rights. How are any of the rights that we have relevant to modern America? I am sure that the pro-segregationists would like to have claimed that African Americans didn’t have their right to free speech, but that simply is not the case. Just because you don’t have anything to hide, does that mean that your 4th Amendment is thereby invalid? The amendments, no matter if you agree with them or not are in place to protect our rights as Americans. It is that simple. If you do not like it, you can follow the rules laid out in the constitution to get it repealed. If you do so, I will hand over my no longer legal guns and hope (not holding my breath) that others, including those who aren’t supposed to have them will do the same. That is how a law abiding American acts.
As for the threat of tyranny, at this point in time, I would say probably not. However, that doesn’t mean that it won’t happen in the future. I don’t care if it is a Republican or a Democrat in power. If the government steps in to illegally remove the rights of the people, that government is tyrannical and should be removed. If we take away guns now, and in 5/50/500 years the government turns tyrannical, we will not have our 2A right to be able to defend ourselves and remove those in power. Before you go into your tanks/drones/B-52s/Nuclear weapons, there are so many others who have said it much better than I ever could. Especially with the current gun debate, there have been several that I have seen within the past week. Search for yourself. I will try to find one, but no guarantees with Reddit’s shitty search.
I highly suspect that the 5x murder rate figures that you have listed are in areas that currently have gun control measures in places like New York, Washington D.C., Chicago, or Detroit. Admittedly, I have not looked at the link, but you said murder rate. Murder and murder by gun are 2 entirely different things. If your link is murder by gun, I will remove that one sentence. I would highly suspect that there is a higher correlation of violent crime and low income/below the poverty line than there is between violent crime and LEGAL gun ownership. Oh, by the way, you never refuted the fact that a gun ban has/has had virtually no effect on the amount of gun crime relative to non-gun crime. 
As I said, you don’t have to agree with me. If you want it changed, you do everything you need to do to get it repealed. Otherwise, go to /r/ChangeMyView.