@_author: clark1984
@_date: 2017-11-06 13:28:02
Just a wife of a few months. You can give zero fucks and still loose a lot of value. This isn't guaranteed. I'm near certain some form of blockchain will become a common currency or gold like store of value, but it won't necessarily be bitcoin. I think bitcoin has over a 50% chance of remaining a high value thing, but the shared myth could collapse like it has on any store of value. 
I'm not attempting to have a petty disagreement with you, team posturing is what I'm concerned with. It's either 100% bitcoin is garbage or it is guaranteed to be worth a million dollars a coin. I'd like to see more reasoned conversation about pros and cons. I'd like to see talk of how governments will react if it takes off in the mainstream or how the energy consumption scaling is dealt with. The money of the future shouldn't take a households daily energy to make one transaction. 
@_date: 2017-11-06 06:20:20
Attitudes like spoogens is what gets me worried. I have around $70k in crypto, but when people are so blindly optimistic, I start to worry. I'm only 33 and I've been through two oil price crashes and the near decimation of the global stock market. Big events can happen. 
Is there not even the tiniest bit of concern that a single bitcoin transaction takes more power than an American household uses in a day? I'd like to see some far more objective talk of bitcoin and blockchains here. It seems like 14 year old kids shouting, "To the moon!" and freaking out on anyone who brings up even a reasonable argument to buffer their optimism. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 17:29:20
Hey man, I care about you. At least in some sort of everyone matters abstract way. The vast vast majority of the universe is lifeless nothing, its astronomically lucky to be a chunk of it that is self aware. That or it's a curse. Either way, chin up, make the best of it you can. 
I've worked a pretty lonely job ten years ago and wasn't happy. Maybe move, mix things up a bit, get involved with a hobby with groups. ... just some ideas, chart your own route. 