@_author: clarkdude6
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:09:16
Asians give straight cash during Lunar New Year. There's no need to withdraw early to "buy gifts" 
If this is your logic, expect a huge dip the 2nd week of February.
@_date: 2018-01-18 03:03:44
You making money from it wouldn't change the fact that it's a scam or a bubble. People make a ton of money off both if they get out in time. 
I'd say the "told you so" people are celebrating victory way to early though. Still a big TBD. The giant fluctuations hasn't been anything out of the norm yet.
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:59:11
I'd say it's more in line with Napster
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:45:04
You did say my advice was crap. I never said yours was. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 08:46:32
They can mine it. Or hold a garage sale with bitcoin as payment for real life items. Or provide a service where bitcoin is the payment..
I mean, that is how real currency works.
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:05:56
You know satoshi???
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:37:19
Fair enough
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:17:53
I could make this same argument for my well hidden cash.
Not using it properly, (like the majority), results in hacks and theft. I don't "store" money in the bank for an investment. It's because it's fdic insured and safer than having cash in a safe. There are plenty who rather hide it in a mattress.
Learning how to manage a wallet and use cold storage isn't easier than the current banking system. And as of now, it's not even cheaper with the higher transaction fees.
Most of the world needs their money to pay for rent, buy food, clothes, and other necessities. The average person who does invest puts some money away in a 401k and doesn't worry about investing or checking their bitcoin price everyday. 
Your numbers for 100 million users or percentage of total population is out of tune with reality. 
Bitcoin is worth whatever it's users and adopters want it to be right now. Such as fine art and jewery, rare commodities, collectibles, etc.
But unless it can be used to buy things in the real world, using percentage of a world population is just a bogus stat.
@_date: 2017-12-09 06:47:28
So you got a good number in mind on when is appropriate? 
If you believe in the ride, set some real wants/goals along the way and do it when it hits that goal. Yeah you'll have less bitcoin along the way, but you'll have more of everything else.
@_date: 2017-12-07 08:36:23
People who are in on it now will just spend it later on. And if I'm going to sell my car, I'll only accept bitcoin. When I'm hungry and want to order pizza, I should be able to pay for it in bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:10:11
So Email is the protocol used for mail/communication laid on top of the internet. 
Bitcoin is the protocol, laid on top of the bitcoin blockchain, used as a currency. 
Still makes the bitcoin a currency/sov though. 
But if we're talking about the actual uses of the blockchain itself other than for a currency, then yes,  it is much more than a currency.
@_date: 2017-12-07 09:32:19
I've only used bitcoin to fund my overseas gambling site.  If you've ever gone to a drug store to send money gram to Luis  Alvarez in Costa Rica, you would see that bitcoin is the much superior option. I'm pretty sure that's considered an underground market though. What have you used bitcoin for?
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:03:05
Technically, you're statement devalues bitcoin. You're talking about the first blockchain, yes. But the bitcoin blockchain's use was designed for currency. It doesn't do very well in other applications, hence competing blockchains such as ethereum. And the blockchain technology is now being implemented in major corporations, unrelated to currency at all
So yeah, the idea of a decentralized, secure, immutable ledger has unlimited potential in future value. That's why it's being implemented in more and more things. There's really no need to use the bitcoin framework.
Bitcoin is the most first and most used currency based on the blockchain framework. But without it turning into a viable currency people can pay for tangible goods and services for or stabilizing enough to become a trusted store of value medium, it won't have any value.
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:56:23
I think he understands the tech better than 90% of bitcoin investors. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:26:33
You make it sound like buying a lottery ticket vs being an investment. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:14:37
Apparently not. 
And I just don't hear people who wanna invest in Facebook saying things like I'll be okay with it going to zero. Usually it's implied if you're investing and have a diverse portfolio. 
It also doesn't to matter to Facebook investors whether people tell others to sell or buy stock cause company growth isn't dependent on getting people to buy in. 
You got an entire community at /r bitcoin getting all butthurt when people say to sell now or to not buy. I could care less if people buy it or not. Some of my closest friends have bought into it. 
In fact all I said was go enjoy himself with a vacation and you got people like yourself getting all up in a bunch. Why do you even care if the dude makes  50k vs 100k. I gave him the same advice I would have had it been Facebook or bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:41:01
I mean, drug dealers have been storing and moving cash for decades. So"if stored properly", it can be done as well. I'm not arguing crypto will be easier, because it definitely is but now with the blow up, crypto lost alot of those advantages.
Just like when the US found out some banks were aiding in large money movements, they are going to start tracking crypto. It's already being done and considering it's all public, it's even easy to track. You won't be able to spend it in the US without them knowing, well you know, unless you break the law.
And why do you keep talking like bitcoin can't be seized? The US does it all the time. Other governments have seized it too.
And what happens if I lose my cold storage device with no backup or that gets stolen? It's the same thing man. I bet 99% of people buying bitcoin don't even understand or do cold storage. I got a buddy moving like 50k on stocks to crypto just cause of the investment and he has no idea about it, just expects exchanges to be safe, like how he doesn't have to worry about it when he leaves his money Meryl edge. 
Wechat, all pay, venmo,  all those are based on actual fiat currency. That's why people use it. Your argument doesn't even help bitcoin. Yeah we're moving to electronic payments. It's way easier. But it's still based on fiat.
Bitcoin debit card? Have you used it to buy coffee? It'll cost you 10 bucks for a 5 dollar cup of coffee. 
All the benefits your stating aren't limited to cryptocurrency dude. Fiat currently does it better than crypto and way faster. 
I'm all for crypto man, but people keep using examples like if it's exclusive to bitcoin or cryptocurrency. If Amazon or PayPal start taking it, yeah it'll move towards being a real currency, but because of the explosion right now, it's actually moving in the opposite direction. It's becoming less useful as a real currency.
And lets say bitcoin does become a widely adopted currency. It means the value has stabilized. Who's gonna mine it later when it settles and there's not much left to mine? They'd have to make money off transaction fees alone and that might not even cover costs. Right now I pay ZERO transaction fees to use venmo, my credit/debit cards, PayPal, Amazon pay, Google pay, Apple pay, wechat. In fact, they pay me to use it. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:36:34
I dunno. If this went the crypto way and he died without telling anyone his private key, they could really be shit out of luck.
@_date: 2017-12-08 22:29:02
Geez. Can't you just be happy being rich? You want to kick them while they're down to?
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:13:03
Bitcoin has a risk of theft and confiscation just like cash. That's why the US government is one of the leading holders of it. On top of that,  you have to worry about theft via hackers. Which is safer can be up for debate. 
Also, you relate adoption percentage to price, which isn't really true.  Considering for more people to "adopt" bitcoin, someone has to sell, and if you want to have it to raise in price, people have to HODL. 
But yeah, I have no doubt it could hit 100k, but it would be only cause the people who want to buy it believe it's worth that much.
And yes, bitcoin is only a currency/store of value. I've been following the tech since it began. Everyone who talks about the tech is revolutionary is not wrong. But the tech isn't limited to bitcoin or cryptocurrency at all. The block chain tech is already being used and tested by large companies outside of cryptocurrency. You don't buy bitcoin as a share in a company's technology like you would Tesla or Apple. 
@_date: 2018-09-25 23:52:48
Not really. You didn't "invest in the internet" when you bought AOL stock. The blockchain is here permanently and will survive even if "crypto-currency" dies. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:47:30
Yeah and it could be 1,000,000 in 2030. Go on vacation now dude. Leave some in there if you want but it's just numbers on a screen until you have something tangible. 
@_date: 2018-05-09 01:32:39
This is definitely indisputable. That's why the government has all these laws on deposits, withdrawals, and purchases of over 10k. They want this reported to the government so there is a paper trail.
And while 10k is the hard limit, banks report suspicious activity under 10k to protect themselves too.
The government would probably love to move to a purely electronic fiat system where they can see and monitor and every single transaction. Hopefully this won't ever happen.
So no, they probably won't ban bitcoin, but you can be damn sure they are gonna force at least the same regulations they have with the USD onto crypto currency. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:37:10
Do yourself a favor and cash out first.
@_date: 2018-06-24 23:15:57
Bitcoin and blockchain are not mutually inclusive. Stop comparing electricity and the internet to bitcoin. You can compare it to blockchain tech, but investing in bitcoin is not investing in blockchain. Just like investing in Amazon was not investing in the internet. 
@_date: 2018-03-27 06:13:04
 It's 100x easier than crypto to do it legally, and most options are free.
Also have you traveled much? You can literally go to Africa and use your Visa/MasterCard there. There are ATMs everywhere. I even know a dude who blew his entire cash supply in south america. Luckily someone was able to send him money instantly, through Cash app, for free and he able to use his debit card instantly.
Is there a fee? Yeah cause most banks charge a fee to convert currency. But plenty of credit cards will waive it. To use crypto? You can't, you'll have to first exchange it for cash with huge exchange fees, then convert cash to the foreign currency, at a large fee as well.
Now.... if you want to do it without the government knowing, that's another story.
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:46:06
I send money to China and they get it instantly and it's free on my end. It's also free if it's friends/family on their end. It's about 3% For them if it's due to me purchasing something.
This is in PayPal.  Stop spewing shit bitcoin enthusiasts like to saybis the problem with the current banking system without actually using the multiple products available. 
@_date: 2018-03-27 06:16:21
Explain to me how I can convert my cash, to bitcoin, and then send it to someone internationally, who will need to use it right away, in their own currency. And how this is done without "fees".
And yeah, if everyone adopts bitcoin and they take it as payment, that would work everywhere.
But hey, if everyone adopts the dollar and it's accepted everywhere, you got the exact same thing.
@_date: 2018-03-29 02:07:03
Please explain how this works. 
Only option I know of is to meet someone at a peer exchange and do a transaction with them in person and I'm at that point, I'd rather pay an exchange.
@_date: 2018-03-27 19:50:44
Yes they charge the merchant and u get points. I actually get paid to use my money right now. I would much rather the merchants get charged. 
And you get charged a fee from any ATM not in your banks network regardless. It's still cheaper than using a bitcoin ATM and widely available. 
But most places accept visa/MasterCard anyway and there's no fee to use.
10k or more I can get a cashiers check or wire domestically for free. 
Never needed to send that much internationally but I've sent over 3k to China, Vietnam, and to different people in South America via PayPal, at no cost.
You can't use currency "conversion" fees as a plus for crypto currency either. For you to actually spend the money right now, you have to convert crypto to the local money and that costs a ridiculous amount of money, especially in Asia. 
Even before they got PayPal, western union and money gram only charges 1-2% to send money. Still way lower than sending via crypto. 
On top of that, you can fly with as much cash as you want if you obtained it legally. You just have to declare it and keep it safe. 
Yes, if we all adopted crypto, it would work, but if we all adopted a single worldwide currency that wasn't crypto, you'd get the same result.
@_date: 2018-03-27 23:35:47
It doesn't really matter man. We're not playing the money market on forex to try to make money. You're trying to spend your money in another country. You compare rates at the exchanges there and you can compare it to your card's rate and decide what you want to use. My chase sapphire has always been the best rate conversion rate.
If you're trying to convert a large amount of cash, you can go to a bank and negotiate a rate too. The real question is why question these fees and conversion rates as a downside to banks with no example how you can do this with crypto for cheaper.
@_date: 2018-03-30 17:16:53
I have educated myself and that's why I'm able to use the current banking system to my advantage. I would use crypto for any advantage too.
I'm just not naive enough to think that just because we switched from what we have now to bitcoin or something else where the balance if wealth and power shifts, that it would actually be more beneficial to the poor or to the people. That would remain to be seen. 
The conglomerate of heavy miners can probably get together and be the new banks if they wanted. 
Transaction fees could eventually hurt the poor more than banks do.
The poor don't know how to secure their coin correctly and are moore probe to hacks. 
Don't be ignorant and only look up bitcoin positives. I've weighed both sides and as of now, I wouldn't want my parents or my children to use crypto as I feel their currency is safer in the banks.
@_date: 2018-03-28 16:35:09
You know someone has to pay for the cost of the bitcoin network too right. Also, fees make up a small percentage of revenue for the banks. Loans is how they make most of their money. Banks create money out of thin air through loans pretty much and our economy will probably crash if we took that out of circulation.
@_date: 2018-03-27 23:55:35
Lol western union is still cheaper than changing bitcoin to actual usable currency right now. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 01:09:36
I voluntarily use my bank and cards and services too. I also know can make money spending money and the businesses calculate transaction fees in their bottom line. I'm just okay with it. I like the benefits it provides over crypto. 
Not sure it hurts the poor. Just need to educate people on finances. We can't even say crypto will benefit the poor. For all we know, corporations and people charge the same and make the extra margin in profits because they don't have to pay merchant fees and the poor get stuck with yet another fee.
On top of that they are more liable to hacks and other scams, with no protection from the government or banks.
@_date: 2018-03-28 16:29:11
This is really the first informed and technologically correct pro-bitcoin I've read on these forums.
Though which is more secure is probably up for argument. 
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:37:50


Yep, that's the problem with bitcoin.  I don't have to buy/Sell the dollar to use it. 
Like I said earlier. How do I send bitcoin to my friend in South America so he can use it locally without any fees. Everyone talks about how you can send it for almost free but no one goes to actually spending it. Well guess what, I can PayPal him in dollars for free. 
Give me how much it would cost him to convert $500 dollars worth of bitcoin to pesos. He would have to use an exchange just like with anything else, and crypto exchanges make a shit ton of money right now off their fees.


There are plenty of no annual fee cards and most checking accounts are free if you can just leave at least 1500 in there at all times. 
 You talk about being informed. Well, knowing your spending habits and how to benefit from them is one of the most important. I literally get over 1k in dollars per year just for using the card like I would have cash. On top of that, I get a ton of perks, including free extended warranties and free room upgrades and flights from other cards. 


Of course the fees are necessary. Bitcoin charges the user per transaction. Honestly, if merchants could have it this way, the would prefer it over the ~3% they pay now.
@_date: 2018-03-27 19:36:38
This is easily looked up. The conversion fee is better than what you pay the local exchanges in other countries to convert cash. It's almost always been better foe me to use the atm for me than to convert it at the airport or the local exchanges.
And some banks do but Citibank doesn't. You can bank with multiple banks and use each benefit accordingly. Transferring between banks is free and instant online via zelle now too.
@_date: 2018-03-27 23:52:24
Plenty if reasons. But still. Tell me how I can pay someone internationally in bitcoin then. And then how can that person take the bitcoin and pay his bills. It's no different than with cash. Alot of foreign businesses don't even bother converting US dollars to their own currency.
@_date: 2018-02-06 19:37:20
You all know blockchain isn't patented tech that only bitcoin can use right? Blockchain is here to stay. Crypto might not be. People keep comparing it to the internet but it's probably closer to torrents back in the day. Bitcoin would be napster.
@_date: 2018-03-28 16:51:34
Dude , you pay transaction fees with bitcoin too. If you rather pay them and trust the seller to lower their prices cause they saved 3%, that's your opinion. 
Your original question was about sending money to China or wherever and I pointed one option I use for free currently and have zero problems with, which is PayPal. 
Now If PayPal wasn't working for me, I'd find another way. I've used moneygram, western union, wires, and bitcoin to send money. I have cash, venmo, zelle and have even used green dot money to send money.
Bitcoin just doesn't have any real advantage right now. You want to promote it by talking down on the current system, but it's honestly, not that bad. I get paid and get perks to spend money. My visa/MasterCard is accepted pretty much everywhere or there's an atm nearby where I can get local money without an issue.
I have zero worries about security because my bank always refunds me if someone stole my info.
There's one instance I prefer using bitcoin and that's to fund my offshore sportsbook and that's only cause the US has banned it and blocks Banks from letting us fund it. And it's not even cheaper than if I used money gram. I just rather do it online than go to a store. Though with how crypto has drawn attention now, I doubt I'll even be able to keep doing this is the future
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:43:01
Are you just making stuff up? Please explain how a wire is less secure.
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:49:02
You're way behind the times man. Zelle was introduced last year and it's allowed instant money on interbank transfers. 
Bitcoin may go to my wallet right away but I can't spend it instantly either without a work around.
It's like if I got the square cash card or the PayPal debit card, you can send me cash instantly and I can use it too (for free btw).
@_date: 2018-02-07 01:24:13
Most people are only buying it because it is going up in value. If they wanted to hedge against fiat, they could also buy gold or anything other SOV. They are going to buy whatever is considered safe with the best return. I can't imagine people would want to risk investments in bitcoin currently if the crazy appreciation stopped.
Double edge sword unfortunately. Bitcoin needs a long period of slow appreciation and stability to gain long term SOV value.  But the impatience of the general public will probably cash out if it stops growing, instead of waiting out a year or two of stability. 
@_date: 2018-03-28 16:15:17
C'mon man. Not instant cause they are susceptible to chargebacks? This isn't even a worry between friends/family.
And for merchants, I always want them to have that risk in case they don't come through on their end.
With bitcoin, to get this buyer/seller protection, you'd probably have to pay an escrow service.
And you're really going to talk semantics on what is free now? It's free because I pay zero nothing. Data mining/selling is everywhere, including on Reddit. 
If you're argument is about privacy concerns, fine, use some sort of crypto. In the end though, the government wants to monitor money tsransactions and will make it illegal to hide even crypto. They follow the money to catch drug dealers to the mafia to terrorists. I doubt they'd give that up that control anytime soon.
@_date: 2018-03-30 17:10:38
How did you convert bitcoin to fiat for free before withdrawing it?
@_date: 2018-04-18 17:10:55
Unfortunately bitcoin is just as prone, if not more prone to manipulation. 
There's nothing that prevents devs from one day deciding we need more bitcoin and changing the protocols.
You assume that by buying bitcoin, people somehow gained some control over their currency? This is just plain not true.
If people want true control over fiat in the US, go out and vote on it.
@_date: 2018-04-17 19:45:21
Still has a fee. Though much lower than most exchanges
@_date: 2018-04-24 04:34:57
I searched reddit before the saying it could happen and the general consensus was yes, but extremely unlikely. But moving cash off gold was probably thought of the same way back then. 
And not forcefully forced by devs, but by who ends up in power. 
All it takes is a conglomorate of nodes/miners that make up more than 51% to exert control.
Also, most articles I've read claim China already controls over 70% of this. 
Without regulation to stop monopolies from forming, we've seen how this story usually ends up. 
@_date: 2018-04-17 22:02:43
I do get your concept of loans and money being created out of thin air. You tried to separate my points but they were tied together. I was trying to say Im not sure the new p2p loaning system would actually be more beneficial than the current banks and loan system. You also don't have to keep your money in the banks if you don't want to.
You act like more bitcoin won't one day be pulled out of thin air. Wasn't there a fork that led to Bitcoin cash recently? Who gets you make those decisions? It wasn't you or me.
By definition, whoever has power is "the man". Who "the man" is what really changes. Percentages don't  matter much.
You assume the power over currency will go to "the people" maybe? Thats why you think maybe the man will  from 100% power to 60% power? That's not how the world has been shown to work.
In reality, all that will happen is that a new group of people will eventually rise to take the power that currently is controlled by the banks. The only thing that will have changed is who "the man" is.
All is said is we will take power away from the banks, who is "the man" currently. 
Do you agree eventually there will be a group that will have power over fiat?
Because you provide zero evidence one would be better than the other. All you do is bash the current system.
In reality, we do have power over our fiat and our banking system, at least int he US we do. It's called voting. But thats completely different monster to address.  
@_date: 2018-04-28 20:54:06
I didn't say the Chinese government. I meant large mining farms located in China take up an estimated 70% of all mining, due to cheap power there. And i would be concerned regardless of who. You'd be naive to think that the largest miners in the world wouldn't come together to have control if the opportunity was worth it. 
I don't think we will ever see it happening, but thats because I dont think bitcoin could take over regular fiat for currency. But if that does happen, I would put money on the top mining farmers forming a conglomerate to exert some power. 
@_date: 2018-04-17 19:57:03
Well to be fair, Bitcoin was created out of thin air too. P2P loaning is a  growing thing and bitcoin loans would probably use the same model. But you consider the current loaning model to be a detriment to society or the poor or whatever. I’m not sure I see it that way as I honestly don’t see how one or the other would be better or worse. Unless you have some kind of study you can provide to prove otherwise, all I see is the movement of power from one set of people to others. I’m not sure the regular person will benefit from crypto and decentralization. 
In fact, I’m pretty sure if bitcoin achieved its goal and we have a widely accepted world currency that is decentralized, there will still be a group of people and businesses that can gain power/control in place of the banks and we can’t say for sure they will be better for society overall.
It’s always cool to fight the man though. But time has proven, there will always be the man.
@_date: 2018-04-29 17:37:37
The whole idea of bitcoin is a "what if" dude.
And in my eyes, if bitcoin became the world changing currency you think it will be, then the 21 million bitcoins or the "decentralized open ledger" and whatever becomes kind of a moot point in the grand scheme of things. 
You brought up banks and financial institutions having control over our money. I just pointed out the same thing could happen with the world's miners getting together. You admit the scenario is possible with them even able to destroy bitcoin if they got together but the likelihood of that happening is next to zero. I think the likelihood of it happening is about the same as how far bitcoin does go and they would be in parallel.
Only 21 million bitcoin ever is semantics. If bitcoin reaches the level you want it too, people will exert power. Maybe it wont be called bitcoin anymore, like what happened wirh bitcoin cash, but either way, they could force regular users to use a mew bitcoin with over 21 million coins if they could get over 50% of the worlds miners. This could consist of just a few major mining farms getting together.
And from the start, i had no problem with the current way of banking anyway. We're not suppose to just let our dollars sit in accounts all day. It's good that inflation happens and forces us either to invest or spend to boost our economy. Leaving money sitting around doesn't help anyone.