@_author: class_warfare_exists
@_date: 2013-04-12 14:22:36
Need anyone in Slovenia? Haha, just kidding.
@_date: 2013-04-10 10:38:17
And no, we're not the next Cyprus. We have a small financial sector, like 52% GDP debt .. we're actually doing better than France, according to Thomas Mayer, who was a chief economist at deutsche bank. We also rely heavly on export which of course is not really liberating for our economy but we are strongly intertwined with Germany. What we also have is bad politics being enforced by the EU and a disoriented keynesian government. Also we have a strong anti-austerity movement forming that is moving towards democratic socialism.  I am a slovene who is thinking of investing a smaller amount but the people will stick to banks, I assure you.
@_date: 2013-04-10 10:53:46
Yes, this is exactly what the academic and intellectual left is fighting against. These policies were actually set forward by mr. Janša's government before hers and nothing changed - It's Janša after Janša. Mr. Janša's government was toppled because of 12% approval rating by the people and she was to set up a government just so much that we can have new democratic elections - she was not voted in by the people. This is due to the fact that Janša didn't want to resign so that was the only way to get rid of him following the constitution. Bad Bank has failed dramatically in Greece, Ireland, Spain; they basically channel taxpayer money into banks and scaring us with - we're strongly in debt. (Fun note, Mr.Janša's government was in power 2005-2008 when 2 billion national debt was created due to bad loans ... last year he was blaiming it on ex-yugo secret service government conspiricy by the left and former president Milan Kučan) ... But we can't just switch to a new currency without proper infrastructure and political changes and acts. That's why we need new elections and hope to the gods on olympus.
@_date: 2013-04-10 10:23:30
Value comes from conditions in production - bitcoin does not address this but could get rid of archaic bank services. Democratic socialism is the way forward, bitcoins are certanly interesting for my political orientation but the real battle is still fought for the state apparatus and economic justice.