@_author: classicalliberale
@_date: 2014-06-02 22:28:40
The factorial part is self-evident.
The other part is that, I don't want BTC to raise only when the stock market raises. Because any commodity that blindly follows the current stock market actually reflects a bubble commodity. The real strength of a commodity is seen when the stock market is falling down; when loose money is dried up and mal-investment corrections happen during a crash or bearish market.
@_date: 2014-06-24 08:08:42
Pointing out Government arrogance and violence doesn't mean I am a conspiracy theorist.
There is no way for the Government or the btc-plaza exchange to know what was the buy-in value when OP acquired those bitcoins. There is no way for them to calculate what the capital gains on this transaction was. In fact, OP didn't even mention that the 22% was due to capital gains, so just stop speculating.
Even if he owes some taxes, it is his right to pay that tax whenever he wants (after making his other annual adjustments and if the Government disagrees with him they can fine him and file charges. Just looting the money directly off one's bank account is plain evil.
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:21:49
Why not?
@_date: 2014-02-19 23:49:40
You seem to come from a camp where inflation is defined as a general increase in prices of consumer good. The general libertarian/Austrian definition of inflation is an 'increase in money supply'.
An increase in the supply of money almost always results in increasing prices. Those who get to spend the newly created money first (such as govt., govt. contractors, large banks, crony corporations) benefit from spending the extra money before the ripple effect of rise in prices has occurred. Thus they effectively cheat the common man of his wealth.
Rise and fall in prices (inflationary and deflationary nature) are very common in the free market because of the infinite relations between goods and their relative supply and demand. It should be noted that such changes in prices is rarely seen across all goods/services simultaneously in the free market. Only in the world of central bank/govt. manipulation of the money supply do we see a long-term trend in price increases and the price increase happens across all commodities simultaneously, albeit at varying rates.
I also want to mention deflationary behavior. Fall in prices is not inherently bad. In fact it is demonized unnecessarily as being a vicious cycle of depression and long-term economic disaster. Whereas in fact deflationary behavior can actually be very prosperous to the nations people -  - as you can see even though nominal wages fell, real wages (purchasing power) actually rose and production actually expanded in-spite of people's hysterical view that deflation will shrink production.
Bitcoin wouldn't be worth anything, inspite of the strong integrity etc.., if not for the restricted supply and the consequent deflationary nature of the currency.
@_date: 2014-03-06 07:45:30
Early adopters into any successful technology/market will obviously do well. There is nothing unjust or unfair about that.
@_date: 2014-05-19 22:48:44
The problem is in trusting the ETF. Fast settlement will continue to happen and then all of a sudden stop happening. Something like what happened with Mt.Gox, taking money out of Gox simply stopped working.
@_date: 2014-02-20 00:13:27
Good answer.
But the underlying de-centralized deflationary nature of bitcoin is what gives value to bitcoin. I agree that the blockchain is an awesome invention and will have thousands of future applications, but consider the case of the grand old money of the real world - gold.
Gold doesn't have a de-centralized public consensus like bitcoin. It is decentralized to a certain extent but the magic is in the fact that it is restricted in supply unlike fiat. This underlying realization of what makes something really worthy is perfectly libertarian. You're heart inherently understands the libertarian nature of bitcoin and thus is attracted to it.
@_date: 2014-05-28 19:06:23
Yes they can. But people already have a common denominator in fiat currency and they sell precious metal only when a dire need arises. In India we sell gold to convert to INR and then buy land with it or during marriages (especially for brides), we sell land to INR and then buy gold with it.
Just because gold is not directly exchanged with another product, doesn't make it bad money. Good money is mostly hoarded, bad money is mostly spent and bad money drives good money out. This is the reason why people also hoard bitcoin more than they spend it.
Only when the deflationary rate of bitcoin becomes less than the marginal utility that a person receives from a good, that it will become more common to spend bitcoin than hoard bitcoin.
For example, take the once deflationary JPY currency, the inflation rate was very low - actually like -0.1% to -0.5% for most of the time and rarely hitting -1% or beyond. So no-one is going to hoard JPY for the reason that a meal is going to be 0.5% cheaper in a year from now on or a car is going to be 0.5% cheaper in 365 days. That would be insane to do.
Yes, Peter Schiff sells precious metals for BTC, but I always buy gold only with USD. I always hoard my BTC since the deflation rate is now so huge that I would be insane to trade my BTC.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:51:45
omg! Very sorry to hear that and hope something good comes out of this gox debacle.
@_date: 2014-04-03 19:28:16
Modern day fiat money is debt. But in capitalism and in classical economics that is not the definition of money. Money infact originally played a quite opposite role - as a store of wealth.
Money is basically the most frequently exchanged good on the market -  - In addition to this, for a money to be stable and be a store of wealth to users, it has to satisfy additional properties such as scarcity, fungibility, durability and be concise. Bitcoin does satisfy all of those properties.
@_date: 2014-05-08 20:04:11
Nice. Though I don't subscribe to voting as a helpful thing, I always wonder why voting has to be done in a secret ballot and why does anonymity matter in voting?
Clearly just using the block-chain would eliminate vote counting fraud. The other part of election fraud is actual validation of votes.
In practice, anonymous votes don't actually solve the issue of bribes/favors or intimidation. Such types of coercion is present in one scale or another in voting processes all across the world. In addition to the failure in solving those issues, anonymous voting actually ends up resulting in vote fraud.
It should also be noted that the elected representatives perform better when there is no secret voting on laws. It is clear that non-anonymity in voting rewards integrity and expose frauds much better.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:43:27
Wait! what? Did someone really petition for regulation on bitcoin? Why would they want to screw up something that already works fine? Why would they want to discourage entrepreneurship over bitcoin services?
And btw that is a LOT of regulation, eventhough it is just the tip of the iceberg.
@_date: 2014-02-16 05:09:05
CNN is probably the worst source of propaganda out there against libertarian stuff. Bitcoin most definitely leans towards libertarian agenda :)
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:09:11
lol, no one messes with bitcoiners :)
@_date: 2014-05-28 22:36:43
I would say economic collapse and widespread destruction of the electric grid are more likely than asteriod mining ;)
@_date: 2014-04-03 19:55:08
Thank you for spreading the knowledge. For people looking for a clear visual representation of how modern day fiat money is created, see episode 4 of Mike Maloney's series on money.
@_date: 2014-05-14 18:56:57
Don't they have a Govt. run crypto-currency in USD?
Actually USD has become a digital currency (and not crypto). Fractional Reserve Banking already creates digital currency. Assuming 10% reserve ratio (in reality it is much lower), banks can create about 9x new money out of thin-air without printing anything and only using creative accounting. Combine this with the creative policies of The Fed such as QE, there is absolutely nothing left significant physcially in USD and most of it has become Digital.
@_date: 2014-03-06 07:40:27
should be called thinkanythingbutrealprogress.com
Where were they when bitcoin was valued in cents? Now suddenly they call bitcoin as an expensive commodity and that only rich have access to it and so automatically bitcoin becomes a racist technology :O
@_date: 2014-02-06 20:49:38
Will Blackphone be open source?
We will release as much of Blackphone code as possible into the open source community.  If we make Android™ patches, we have to Open Source those. Some of the specific apps on the phone will definitely be Open Source.  Some others cannot be for other reasons, but we are doing what we can and will fulfill our obligations as soon as possible
@_date: 2014-05-19 22:52:27
Maybe not serve for Governments, but BTC works just fine for individuals despite border issues - 
Bitcoin is like the gold of the internet. Before USD or GBP, the majority of the world were using Gold (which could be deflationary depending on mining and supply) as the world reserve money.
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:54:43
I understand the role that alternate metals such as silver or bronze played in providing liquidity in the market, especially for micro-transactions. But in case of crypto-currencies, the fungibility of BTC is already very high and easy to split and join, so it could take a long time for the market to utlitize the liquidity inherent in BTC itself.
Use of extra liquidity of altcoins will happen only in the very long-term and that too depends on widespread BTC adoption.
@_date: 2014-05-22 04:13:39
Totally respect what Lazlo did!
This is a great piece of (bitcoin) history; one that will surely be remembered as bitcoin gets bigger and bigger; one piece of history that doesn't have anything to do with Governments.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:45:47
First of all, there is nothing called intrinsic utility or value that exists for any commodity. All utility is subjective and is reflected in the demand for that commodity in the market.
And from your point-of-view, every kind of investment should be treated as a ponzi scheme. You basically bet in the market that the commodity (or even shares and bonds) will be in more demand (more people/money chasing after that commodity) in the future and that you might get a nice return on the investment.
In practice, however a ponzi (and multi-leve-marketing) scheme has an unique characteristic - the entire payment to existing participants comes from the buy-in that the new participants pay. Bitcoin is completely different from this since a new person can enter the market and exit immediately with no apparent loss/profit, whereas in a ponzi schema new participants are at a loss and cannot exit until after a long time of continuing in the scheme.
@_date: 2014-05-28 18:15:53
Precious metals are scarce, fungible, durable, concise and shiny. So are bitcoins. There is no need to hate either.
Precious metals served as money for millenia and people will continue to see it as valuable for centuries to come. It doesn't matter if everyone in the world isn't able to get access to precious metals. The fact that it is scarce and much more durable than anything else make it precious to people and worthy of hoarding.
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:38:58
Yeah Zeitgeist (and Addendum) did a pretty good job of explaining the banking system and debt-based currency system. Part I's explanation of astrological roots of christian followings was also very informative (I am not against Christianity only that I am amazed to know more about different cultures).
There is also the documentary called 'Thrive'  that talks about the debt based monetary system. This was available on netflix streaming until a few months back and also talks about how Govt. regulation screwed up our food supply and preferences and suggests going back to higher-fat, lower-carb diets.
Mike Maloney's series is my favourite. Though I had seen zeitgeist much before Mike's series and had understood the basics of Austrian economics way before that, the concise nature and clarity of Mike's video is amazing. Also the production quality and animation is so good that people don't dismiss it as the rant of a mad man.
@_date: 2014-02-20 00:38:14
Whatsapp derives its value on the large user-base. But, I am sure that 16bn is too much. And I am also sure that NSA will have whatsapp under its radar.
However in the future, there'll come a whatsapp killer app, that will be a decentralized chat engine with default off-the-record private chat. The future is in decentralization like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-11 21:07:50
I agree that currency mandated by fiat results in wide-spread use. However the vice-versa is not true and should be pointed out. Gold was a de-facto currency for international and local trade that transcended borders for millenias. Gold was as valued in China or India or Rome irrespective of local bronze/paper fiat currencies and barter.
Also the world is much more inter-connected now via internet and travel technology and it is entirely possible that there could be wide-spread free-market currencies without the need for a central authority. This is also preferred as such a wide-spread use arises naturally out of people's demand and outlook rather than by governmental force of taxation and legal fees.
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:02:29
There is no single exchange for bitcoin to fiat conversion (3-4 exchanges is better than 1 for such an infant currency). Only in the govt. mandated fiat world you have monopolized exchanges like DJIA, S&amp;P etc. with specific 9-4 operating times and shelves stocked with regulations. Also the number of bitcoin exchanges and online wallet services are proliferating at an increased rate, which is further proof that the bitcoin network will support varied type of activities and services for a most wide range of people and more people will profit out of it rather than a select few elites and that the profit scenarios will often be win-win scenarios.
If Mt.Gox was govt. mandated then they would survive another 100 years ('cos they automatically become too big to fail) and would've already got 2-3 bailouts out of tax-payer money.
@_date: 2014-03-06 17:04:49
Why should it even become legal tender?
I have a related question - Is barter 'officially' banned altogether?
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:35:14
You have to understand that bitcoin is part of the economy. It is but one commodity in the economy and has characteristics of money.
In a Fed induced boom or bust, there is a general increase in 'value' or decrease across all commodities during the boom and bust period correspondingly. Whereas increase in value of a single commodity in the market can be due to demand or supply of the product. That is just the volatality of that particular commodity and not the economy in general.
For example, here in WA, the price of local vegetable produce is very high now since it is winter and most produce comes from Oregon, CA and Mexico. Whereas in Summer, the price of the local produce falls on par with stuff from CA due to increase supply.
In a free market the overall economy will be much much more stable than right now, but of course some industries will always go out of business and will be replaced by new ones and this will reflect in the prices of those particular goods. For example, light-bulbs drove demand for candle to the ditches yet the economy as a whole grew in the early 1900s.
@_date: 2014-02-20 00:48:42
Yay! To the moon :)
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:59:35


I don't think that is true.
Maybe I misunderstood what legal tender is -  - AFAIK, legal tender is basically a valid currency that can be used to settle all dues and govt. charges and taxes. It is also mentioned that - **There is, however, no federal statute that a private business, a person, or an organization must accept currency or coins as for payment for goods and/or services. Private businesses are free to develop their own policies on whether or not to accept cash unless there is a State law which says otherwise. For example, a bus line may prohibit payment of fares in cents or dollar bills. In addition, movie theaters, convenience stores and gas stations may refuse to accept large denomination currency (usually notes above $20) as a matter of policy.**


What bank protections are you implying here? I think there was some recent news on how BoA doesn't accept cash for mortgage payments even though FRNs are supposedly legal tender.
@_date: 2014-06-24 08:21:14
Deflationary nature of BTC shouldn't be confused with volatility or the 'to the moon' rides that we see often. Plus deflation doesn't mean that people just stop spending and start hoarding.
This article -  - asks all the important questions about deflation and explains the time preference of perceived value of goods. Just because someone expects BTC to increase in value by, say, 10% y-o-y, doesn't mean that he is going to postpone his bread or cloth purchase by 1 year. One might postpone car or home purchase and so on, but each individual assigns a time preference value over each good and not everyone is going to hoard like crazy.
The second thing to note is that 'bad money drives good money out' -  - works against widespread adoption and usage of Bitcoin. The network effect of the established USD in addition to the Gresham's law makes it really difficult for alternate currencies to get a foot-hold on the society. What we need is patience and to wait it out till the fiat currency world collapses under its own weight.
@_date: 2014-04-07 19:17:38
Pointing out the network effect on currencies, in the absence of Government backing, is not anti-competitive. It is just stating the economic theory as-is.
For a related example in real life, see the story of competing currencies in Somalia ( There are fragmented jurisdictions in Somalia and they do have impact on the currency adoption, but it is still noted that a fledgling currency will most likely not replace an incumbent currency due to network and switching-cost effects.
*Now, although it must be stressed that empirical analysis says nothing about Friedman’s and Hayek’s debate in general, we can say that in the very unique case of Somalia, that Friedman, at least, appears to have been correct, and network effects and/or switching costs have, in fact, prevented superior currencies from gaining market share*
Now see, BTC is deflationary and USD is inflationary. BTC cannot be counterfeited whereas USD is counterfeited every second and so on ... For many people here, BTC is a far more superior currency than USD. Yet still it is so difficult to make people convert to BTC because of switching costs and obvious network effects.
Now imagine the competition between BTC and an Altcoin (which is almost the same as BTC but comes with a different name). There is no way for that Altcoin to beat BTC due to network effects. Infact BTC will drive the altcoins out of circulation eventually.
@_date: 2014-04-08 03:01:51
Ah I see. That makes much sense though I don't see how USD was/is predictable in the long-term.
@_date: 2014-04-07 18:13:41


Not superior to whom? Definitely not desirable for the counterfeiters. Gold backed currencies can still do well in the internet age, if only allowed to do so. Happy that bitcoin which shares many money-characteristics with gold is shaking things up.


I agree that the competition against USD will be challenging. But it is incomplete to say that all competing currency situations will lead to this situation. Infact this is true only because the Government is involved in/or favors atleast one of the currencies and so that currrency comes out top even if it is inflationary and much regulated. This is explained in Gresham's law "Bad money drives Good money out" - 
Infact in the absence of Government monopoly, this law happens in reverse, where the good money wins - 
*in the absence of effective legal tender laws, Gresham's Law works in reverse. If given the choice of what money to accept, people will transact with money they believe to be of highest long-term value. However, if not given the choice, and required to accept all money, good and bad, they will tend to keep the money of greater perceived value in their possession, and pass on the bad money to someone else. In short, in the absence of legal tender laws, the seller will not accept anything but money of certain value (good money), while the existence of legal tender laws will cause the buyer to offer only money with the lowest commodity value (bad money) as the creditor must accept such money at face value.*


Stable? Stable against what? Stability is always in comparison with other goods. USD might've been stable with other world currencies but what about stability against goods.
CPI based calculators show that the USD has lost over 50% value in last 3 decades - 
Removing Government consumption, the USD has lost over 57% from 1983 to 2013 - 
Alternatively if he is talking about short-term volatility (intra-day, weekly etc..) why does he bring the 3-decade time-frame to attention?
@_date: 2014-02-27 19:01:31
Yes, but people often don't realize that the Economy is also based on mathematics. Just that it is impossible to measure or model thousands of people's subjective desires and the consequent pricing inter-relationship between goods demanded and those produced.
Yet they somehow got the authority to regulate the economy and this has resulted in the boom and bust cycles due to mal-investments and subsequent bankruptcies.
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:53:16
Oh please ...
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:54:08
And all those historical governments that ran debt were able to survive in the medium-term only by conquering and looting other countries. And even with that looting, debt-ridden governments never survived in the longer-term. The classic example is Ancient Rome - 
This is an unique point in time where one country (USA) has the luxury that its currency (USD) is treated as the reserve currency of the world (thanks to pegging against crude oil). So America has been able to get away for a long time with unimaginable amounts of debt, but we're accelerating towards the end for this debt game. America and USD and modern currency system are not immune to natural law of economics.
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:29:18
^ This.
I think exchange policies and standards should arise out of the free markets, true to the spirit of BTC's decentralized nature. This would be very similar to how websites with HTTPS connections often display a verisign or verified-by-someone logo in their site. This is a great interim band-aid for the trust/credibility problem without resorting to Governmental intervention.
However in the horizon are fully de-centralized exchanges such as colored-coins spec and similar initiatives.
This also shows why bitcoin is really like electronic gold. You don't really own it unless you hold it (aka local storage).
@_date: 2014-05-28 18:06:41
This is an unfair allegation.
Why would a company sell precious metals for precious metals? Remember companies always sell at retail prices and buy at whole sale prices. I would be insane to trade away more gold for less.
Imagine that you're trying to buy bitcoin in coinbase with bitcoin. You basically end-up spending 1 BTC + transaction fees + services charges to get 1 BTC in return.
Except for his initial skepticism of bitcoin, the man is a decent economist. But even many other Austrian economists are ignorant about crypto-technology and are naturally skeptic about bitcoin. Give the man a break :)
@_date: 2014-05-09 20:24:58


I understand, but I doubt that even without any coercion we will mostly likely end up with vastly different results between anonymous and non-anonymous voting. For example, in a public discourse peer-pressure and the pull of integrity and consistency will make people vote in some pattern. Whereas in anonymous voting, the people are given a free rein and actual end up voting against their public stance.
I see the above change of behavior as more common and relevant than violent coercion or bribery with regards to anonymous voting.
@_date: 2014-06-17 19:04:06
IRS' bitcoin address? :P
@_date: 2014-06-05 17:20:05
They're already bankrupt. They're just keeping up an illusion that things are still fixable, but the bust is inevitable.
@_date: 2014-05-28 22:43:52
I would sell my BTC, if I can do at premium pricing and if I can buy BTC at below spot price (whole-sale prices).
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:45:45
Yeah the 2 world wars brought great loss of life and property. Funny that you pin-point a single line in my post and claim that death-count of World-Wars is bigger than economic exploitation of the world via the Petro-dollar scheme.
You didn't mention anything about my rebuttal to your original claim that big wars happened before the fiat based currency came into existence. So my point still stands - it is the fiat based currency that was responsible for the funding of the big wars and the blood of 100+ million deaths lie in the hands of the central bankers.
More examples of the same (banks have caused the biggest wars) explained at - All wars are banker wars - 
In addition to that please note that war is acute and very brutal. But the petro-dollar and other fiat currency based economic exploitation is chronic and continuous and has been happening continuously for the past 100 years and very effectively since 1945 (Bretton Woods) and more so since 1971 (Off the gold-standard and creation of Petro-dollar).
Proof for the above - US official national debt statistics - was 30% of gdp in 1970 (just before petro-dollar) and now it is well over 100% of GDP. How was it possible that products were consumed at such a fast rate that debt grew so much. Interesting tidbit related your idea about wars - debt was around 110% of gdp at 1945 due to the war and you say that debt-based financing of govts. are not responsible for big wars - 
The story you narrated is very believable except for the assumption that the 'Satoshi' person(s) had no desire for money or profit. People are embracing bitcoin because of the currencies inherent properties built into the protocol and don't care that the creator has many 1000s of BTC pre-mined and profited from that. People implicitly understand that, it is far advantageous to use a currency that cannot be counter-feited and has no central control but is biased towards early adopters than to use a fiat currency that is centrally counter-feited and manipulated on the whims and fancies of the elites.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:36:19
Bitcoin was created by TPTB? Any proof of that?
And bitcoin is not controllable by a single person or a group of persons. Technically it'll require almost impossible amount of simultaneous co-ordination by atleast 51% of the people in the bitcoin network to completely manipulate the ledger.
I do understand that early miners and adopters have an advantage and sit on mounds of coins but that does in no way translate to a controllable advantage.
@_date: 2014-04-07 17:45:18


Fixed it for you :)
@_date: 2014-06-23 20:13:06
You can't expect consistency from Government. Government assumes that people know all the intricacies of taxation without ever actually publicizing them.
@_date: 2014-05-19 19:26:02


There's nothing twisted about that viewpoint. Through years of Government propaganda and twisting of the behavior of economy, they have to come to convince people that a modicum of inflation is 'good' for the economy.
No good comes out of inflation. And a currency with stable supply or even deflationary supply doesn't actually hurt employment rates or reduce investments or economic growth. Static numbers in reduction of wage or reduction of gdp shouldn't matter with a deflationary currency - what matters is the increase in purchasing power per person when the currency is not inflated or increase in real wealth of the person.
A deflationary death spiral is an invention of the propagada machine of keynesians and the Governments they help to grow. When the currency supply is stable or becomes zero, deflation stops being merely a fall in money supply but rather actual reduction in prices. Very important questions about deflation asked and answered at  - 
If we stop talking about inflation and deflation as changes in price or wages and start thinking about them as changes in the money supply, then we get a clear perspective on the good or bad nature of those things.
Inflation is either theft of people's wealth (increase in money supply) or an economic slowdown/recession (reduction in production and so relatively more money is chasing less goods) or both (like stagflation). Governments attempt to maintain the former status (a modicum of inflation) but obviously don't call it theft.
Deflation is either preservation of wealth for savers (benefit by relative decrease in money supply) or an economic growth (more produced goods being chased by constant supply of money) or both (win-win balance between savers and spenders).
Deflation discourages other bad things from happening. It decreases unwanted spending and encourages responsible consumption (hence bubble economies and their crony benefactors are non-existent in deflation). Deflation discourages irresponsible debt since incurring debt is prohibitively expensive during deflation unless you have a master plan to turn the debt into a profitable investment.
Now the pertinent question is, can deflation actually occur during recession (a reduction in produced goods)? Not everyone agrees that it can -  Keynesians would say so, but Austrians and the Chicago school beg to differ and they point that deflationary spiral, as defined by rapid fall in prices and consequent fall in production are actually a result of loss of faith in the economy brought about my massive mal-investments which itself was encouraged by cheap debt and an inflationary currency/policy.
So the conclusion among major non-keynesian economists is that a deflationary spiral is a natural response of a market that has been bombarded with false bubble signals led by an inflationary money policy.
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:06:30
Is there a definitive list of the actual TPTB - I know that Rothschilds, Rockefellers and Morgans and many other central bankers should be in that list but nothing beyond that ...
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:15:33


Didn't the so called regulated banks do the same at trillion dollar levels from 2001 to 2007 and to rub salt into our wounds, they were bailed out of tax-payer money. You seem to describe banks such as AIG, BoA, Citi, FannieMae/FreddieMac etc... who each got hundreds of billions of dollars as bail out.
I understand that psychologically even having an illusion of stability makes people trust big banking, but time and again it has been clearly shown that more competition always drives up quality and brings down and that regulation is usually inversely proportional to competition especially in the financial sector - 
@_date: 2014-06-02 23:39:39
That is because of a 3rd party (aka Government) involved in the contract called Marriage. And you also have hundreds of hollywood movies and serials that have plots about murders and backstabs related to prenups and alimony etc..
Seriously let the adults decide what is best for them when they live together and what is best when they split. Then no need to hide money or have a partner that one doesn't trust completely.
@_date: 2014-04-01 17:43:52
Well said. Counter economic activities (agorism) themselves are the change we wish for. We can't fix government by petitioning to the same government.
@_date: 2014-02-20 00:06:21
Indeed the debt/gdp ratio kept falling through the 70s but it was a trend that started with the WW-II and kept on continuing until there came a point when the effects of the loose monetary policy started showing strains on the gdp growth.
You should note that the debt didn't actually go down in the period from 1945 to 1980 but actually stayed fairly constant. It was the great rise in production (gdp) that helped the ratio come down from above 110% to near 40% in that period.
The nail in the coffin for sound money came with the de-linking of USD from gold (which atleast had a nominal effect of keeping inflation in check). At this point, inflationary money policy became unchecked and took a toll on American productivity. America would've become bankrupt very fast if not for the establishment of the OPEC-PetroDollar scheme which pegged USD against oil and thus helped USD keep the world reserve currency status.
And Government policy usually might have perceived short-term gains but in the long-term ripple effects and the law of unintended consequences will catch up. Clearly, the Fed's loose money policy combined with Fractional Reserve Banking led to this inflation (increase in money supply) and this inflation has only grown exponentially in the 80s, 90s and through this millennium.
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:49:03


What the hell do they mean by 'bitcoin will disrupt the economy'? Disrupt for whom? These psychos want the economy to be at their whims and fancies and evil manipulation.
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:12:44
The sanest voice that has been in the political sphere for decades.
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:19:38
How about the subprime mortgage induced crash of 2007-2008? The big criminal insolvent banks got bailed out while the medium/small business became insolvent in the hundreds and thousands lost jobs and their homes. Regulation only helps those who are well connected to the elites.
To add salt to our wounds, the bail out happened out of our pockets (through QE and debt money).
In a free market like bitcoin exchanges, blind trust only breeds corruption. People should've got out of mtgox years ago when the first troubles started. I am thankful that the Govt. cannot forcefully steal my bitcoins to bail out those who lost in mtgox. They can however still theoriticially do this by bailing out the mtgox victims with fiat USD thus looting every other people's wealth.
You get a regulated world with guarantees against insolvency only with a lender of last resort (like the Fed) or a public insurance method (like FDIC). Both are immoral because they only way they work is by looting the money of the people who played safe to bail-out people who risked a lot and didn't do enough research.
So sorry, we don't need any regulation it bitcoin. Leave us free. If you want guarantees don't come to bitcoin, stick to shares and mutual funds.
@_date: 2014-05-20 03:34:02
I had a BTC price ticker tab open and got all too excited with the rapidly increasing numbers :D To the moon!
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:34:02
Oh, so bitcoin is arbitrarily declared as property. How effective has the IRS' initiative to tax bartering been?
Also does this add extra tax process for the merchants, if they hold the BTC for sometime before converting to fiat? Sounds like it does.
@_date: 2014-03-06 05:08:29
I don't trust either of the law-makers.
I don't understand what they mean by -
"Congressman Polis is not actually calling for a ban on physical currency, but hopes this **helps move the debate forward so we can come up with ways to improve BitCoins**, not ban them."
Does he mean that the Congress should make laws to improve bitcoin??
@_date: 2014-02-11 21:20:04




Lol, within 6 months these demand notes became non-redeemable in physical coins and became pure-fiat.
@_date: 2014-02-11 20:54:21
Wait a second!
First some facts - 
(1) Both the world wars happened after the formation of The Federal Reserve in 1913. In fact read about who financed Hitler's rise and the actual war. It is the same wall-street (and other international bankers) bankers that financed both sides of the 2nd world war - Why because the bankers profit from interest paid (out of public taxation) to their war loans :(
(2) Lincoln couldn't possibly start a civil war with sound money in existence. So he had to create a greenback fiat legal-tender currency to finance the civil war -  - Note that big wars are not possible without big government and big governments are not possible without fiat inflationary money.
Next, the absence of big wars after WWII is an illusion. America has been in perpetual aggression against and interfering in oil-producing countries businesses. By force of military, the 'mighty' USD has been pegged to crude-oil. Now every country in the world (rich or poor 3rd world doesn't matter) can buy oil only in USD and here in US we can print as much USD as we want. We're basically sucking off the world's produce by exchanging fiat currency. Permanent economic exploitation is far more worse than war.
The Iraq war happened as soon as Saddam started implementing the Food for Oil program (which itself was to help local people after the sanctions US imposed on them after the gulf war) - gosh, how can we allow him to sell oil for food instead of USD! When Gaddafi started a north-african group for a common gold based currency and sell oil for gold - boom, how can we allow him to sell oil for gold instead of USD! Please remember, we will never see a single dollar of reduction in our so-called 'defense' spending, since it is what keeping this farce system alive.
Continuing to believe in the shit that big bankers and big government spew at us, is like getting serial raped.
@_date: 2014-05-30 18:50:11
600! = 1.265572316225430742541867824515082929767140386227466076... × 10^1408 ;)
I hope that BTC doesn't follow the stock market. DJIA, SnP all have soared in the last 48 hours, but I have seen BTC raise even when the stock market goes down.
@_date: 2014-02-20 00:19:14
I agree.
But in fiction, especially those as political as Ayn Rand's work, it is imperative to paint the characters in perfect black and white rather than the natural grey, so as to clearly point out the differences between their values and ethics and general behavior.
Like, for example, Charity is definitely a very personal issue for everyone and Ayn Rand doesn't explicitly bash Charity or demonize it. But of course her focus on selfishness and greed and profit didn't really help to hear more about her ideas on private charity and empathy.
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:49:30
I do understand what you're implying and where you stand on the issue, except that I don't clearly see what that useful regulation would be.
I hate when the State makes generic blanket statements like 'we like to regulate and improve bitcoin' that makes no sense whatsoever without more information.
@_date: 2014-05-08 19:40:49
This is nice. Students will benefit from having a micro-transaction payment system in place :)
They should've kept the free money to $5, which should be ample enough to attract new customers, and should've allowed more institutions to participate. To not incur a loss and to scale for more new users, they could've done something like no-service-charge for first 5 transactions or get 1% of transaction amount as BTC upto certain limit.
@_date: 2014-06-23 20:09:54
Very sorry to hear that.
The Euro is already infamous for the bail-in in Cyprus. Keep your wealth outside of the establishment banking system, at all costs.
@_date: 2014-05-28 17:52:33
Yay, I knew bitcoin is a pyramid scheme. /s
But nicely done :)
@_date: 2014-02-28 04:00:42
There'll always be some people who will not play by the rules in a free market. That should be no reason to call for state regulation. In the free market, Mark Karpeles will have no credibility at all in his future ventures and will forever be shunned by the community.
However in the regulated world, those in bed with the elites will cheat the public and receive bail-outs and term themselves too-big-to-fail and will continue their immoral activities by mandate -  - such as AIG, FannieMae/FreddieMac, Citigroup, BoA etc..
As an interesting tidbit, I'm sure that you know that the Federal Reserve itself cannot be audited by the Congress in any manner. No one knows the actual inner workings of the Fed, where money goes to, but we have vested the power to create our debt based USD to them.
@_date: 2014-05-19 18:51:09
The brand recognition and momentum is the Network effect of currencies.
Example - 
It is vital that we don't ban competing currencies (but Governments do), but it is unlikely that there will be more than a few competing currencies, at a large scale, at any point in time due to the network effects.
The network effect makes it difficult for alternate currencies to gain market share - nobody wants to use a new currency when they already have access to a more liquid currency that almost everyone accepts. Only if a new currency is massively superior to an existing currency, can it weaken or destroy the network effect.
It is no surprise that such a superior technology/currency such as bitcoin is finding it so hard to become a major currency and compete with USD or EUR which are centralized and inflationary. In that vein, bitcoin clones will never rise up enough to compete with bitcoin. A crypto-currency should innovate and provide some feature that is far superior to what bitcoin offers inorder to compete with BTC.
@_date: 2014-04-08 18:03:18
@_date: 2014-03-31 23:12:51
If I bought 1 BTC when it was $100 and another BTC when it was $1000 and now I spent 0.016835 BTC on stuff, where did that 0.016.. BTC come from? From the 1 BTC that I bought at $100 or the one that I bought at $1000? Can I show that spending of 0.016... BTC as a net loss?
I see people discussing FIFO as a technique to track the gain/loss from BTC. Has the IRS officially endorsed the FIFO treatment?
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:58:15
^ Exactly. The Fed is a private corporation by definition and should have no legal authority in the purest sense. However the Congress has made sure the Treasury borrows FRN from the Fed, with interest, of course :( Also with other regulation and legislation around reserve ratios and bank rates, the Fed has been given the power to control the interest rates and to restrict and inflate the money supply as they see fit.
@_date: 2014-03-16 17:07:49
I don't invest in the stock market or other high risk ventures. I also don't invest in real estate or other bubble industries because the timing/interest-rate never gets right.
I save my money in simple bank accounts and I buy gold sometimes. For me, the loss due to increase in money supply and insane deficit spending is a big problem and I don't want to be part of their stressful game of bubbles and busts.
So yeah, I wouldn't mind if bitcoin rises in value very fast. But all I want is to avoid the status quo money manipulation and become financially free and stable in the long-term. Bitcoin is part of that plan in addition to precious metals and unbuilt land.
I think that earning one's wealth is very important and speculation in bitcoin is an insignificant part of the earning strategy for me.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:21:30
This is so better. The govt. should regulate bitcoin companies.
@_date: 2014-04-03 19:17:47
Fuedalism was not perfect but did feudalism really deserve the demonization that we have made in modern history. In addition in this age we have awesome tools like the internet, bitcoin, 3d-printing, p2p stacks, radio based mesh networking etc.. The combination of these tools can really help refund polycentric laws by reducing any negatives aspects of them.
The over-simplification of feudalism as a social stratification of people into lords and serfs is misleading. Infact, the concept of personal liberty during the so-called dark ages was well understood in principle as well as in practice - 
To quote - 
Far more liberty in ancient ireland with decentralized governance - 
Also there is the current day example of stateless rights-based polycentric law such as Xeer in Somalia. See how they implement law and justice without incarceration - 
If you dig deep down, you'll realize that justice and law (and security) are also like other goods/services available in a market. Competition drives their quality higher and costs lower. A statist polity has no competition and hence the long-term trend towards tyranny.
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:23:48
RP is the sanest politician ever. And the above are the sanest voices in this thread :)
@_date: 2014-06-17 19:42:15
OP, you seem to contradict yourself here.
You are claiming that GHash is acting irrationally by allowing mining strength to exceed to 51%. In addition to that you're acting like a technocrat suggesting a fee ratio. I would say that GHash is acting rationally here, because if they start including a fee then a competitor pool with 0% fees will simply take over the mining market.
You should realize that if you start a pool today with that ever decreasing fee formula (and negative when 50%+), no miner is going to join your pool. So in reality, what GHash has been doing is perfectly rational for the mining market.
Now double-spend attacks can be done even with less than 50% mining power. So this paranoia regarding 51% mining power is unwarranted. At the least this should be used to spread more awareness about mining and influence miners. If we are not successful in convincing individual miners to shy away from GHash, we can never imagine to convince GHash to implement progressive fees or regressive payouts.
Additionally mining power is often confused with block relay source.  - This article doesn't rely on relay source data and finds that the actual GHash's network mining share is only at 40% with intermittent spikes.
Another source that doesn't rely on block relay source but rather heuristically compute the block origin -  (Puts GHash at 38%)
Last and the most important, is to humbly accept the fact that the Bitcoin mining protocol is designed in a way that major mining pools can always grow big enough to do such attacks. We should start encouraging all competitor mining pools to have zero fees and also think seriously about fixing the mining payout mechanism so that individual miners are more incentivized and larger pools are disincentivized. Discouraging expansion of mining pools must become part of the protocol itself.
@_date: 2014-05-20 04:37:10
Avoid sugar and carbs completely. The human body in a state of ketosis stops using glucose as the primary source of fuel and cancerous cells die off fast in a low-carb/ketogenic state.
Also 
Though, be careful when starting ketogenic diets when one already has diabetes.
I lost my mother to cancer and conventional medicine only made her more weaker and deteriorate faster. I have still not forgiven myself for not trying alternate strategies to fight her cancer. If only I had researched about low-carb diets and natural therapies back then .... :(
EDIT: low-carb diets are also naturally effective at managing or even reversing diabetes, treat auto-immune disorders and also neuro degenerative diseases.
@_date: 2014-05-20 03:18:18
Relevant -  - yeah that does happen.
@_date: 2014-04-07 18:54:30
Nice article with the network effect clearly stated. Some gems were also in there about the importance of savers/hoarders (primary demand generators) being the backbone of a currency and upon which the liquidity of the currency builds up.
I would say, that altcoin here should be understood as bitcoin clones (that uses the core protocol with small changes in total-coins, mining reward frequency etc..) and not the general concept of crypto-currencies. Bitcoin clones will most definitely lose out due to the network effect. But if there comes a crypto-currency that is much better (such as super-fast confirmation time, much lower transaction fees etc.) than bitcoin, then it is possible that a paradigm shift happen in the acceptance of crypto-currencies.