@_author: clayrab2
@_date: 2019-02-21 03:31:08


"It's decentralized by definition" This is a tautology. No. What does Google and Facebook have to do with routing? Let's talk about BGP, or is that too awkward because the spec doesn't include anything like that even though that's what the whitepaper said?
Decentralized scales as O(n\^2), centralized is O(n). In order to scale, LN will be centralized. You ignore the fact that even BGP is centralized and has been compromised at times. If LN is being compared to the internet, you need to talk about IP, not Google and Facebook.
The fee graph? I guess I have to watch another stupid video to debate that point, because I have no idea what that means.


"One payment was routed, therefore routing is solved" Did you really just say that?
Anyway, I addressed this already. So far there's one myth: LN can't scale in a decentralized way. "The topology is bad, just open a payment channel". LOL. Who's side are you on?
"Pretty well solved already" Oops, a little bit of the truth leaked out. That's a bullshit way of saying "not solved".


UX, attack surface(full time sysadmin job to run a non-custodial node), and again, scalability are all a problem for non-custodial wallets. Call me when you've got 1M nodes running. Why does LN complain about being "DOS"ed when node count gets too high?
"user friendliness comes afterwards". Only if you have custodial wallets, and even then you can't solve the UX nightmare of channel opening/closing and direction. My grandma will never be a sysadmin.
"program away channel management from users". Sounds like a myth to me. Also, how many lines of code would this be and what does that tell you about lnd attack surface?


No one with a brain is saying that.
Just saying "it's a network" proves nothing though, just sayin.
You said "just open another channel" again. *sigh*


Again, no one intelligent says that. But this is indicative of the way Core supporters misthink about fees.
"People might be willing to pay more to open a payment channel". I think a lot of core supporters subconciously think that more fees = more blocksize. It doesn't matter how much someone is willing to pay, BTC still can't onboard the entire world to LN. Why don't you address that "myth"?


Watching you "debunk" morons is getting old... Your viewers chose these, huh? I htink you need to do that second video and address some of the real criticisms, not the strawmen chosen by your audience.


LOL. Yes, they ARE getting better and better. You misinterpreted the criticism. It's about time-value of money, not spendability. My bank account(in a normal pre-2008 market) pays me interest.
"Funds in a regular wallet are locked because it's hard to move them on the blockchain". Music to my ears.


I agree this is a stupid


Ok, I'll accept this is a myth.


Nothing to say here. They are simply wrong or uninteresting.


More truth comes out: "it's far away from being feature complete". Mr Pickhardt, you should think about how often software projects fail and why. "It's quite scare people are trying to use it". "it's not ready for mass adoption"


This is a dumb, yes. However, I can explain where this myth comes from. Again it is the fact the three major problems UX, attack surface, and O(n2) bandwidth for a decentralized topology are only solvable via a custodial wallet(and even then I doubt the attack surface issue is solvable).
Here are the points you need to address to convince me:
* Address scalability as it relates to decentralization in a real way. What is the Big-O contribution of any node in a given network topology. i.e. take the current topology, or any other topology, and tell me how much bandwidth will be used in terms of BigO for the sum of all network functions combined for a given node. If you can't do this, you can't tell me it scales, and it is a belief, not engineering. Rusty Russell says source routing won't scale, so I'm not crazy to think this and the onus is on you to convince me because you're claiming to sell me a blockchain but actually selling me LN. Bonus myth) LN can't scale to 100k nodes. I'm not 100% sure it's true, but I believe it, and no one seems to be able to prove otherwise.
* How will you fix the UX problems related to opening/closing and managing channels? I don't want to think about when my channels are closing or whether I have any inbound channel for receiving payments. Not only merchants need inbound channels, everyone needs to get money to spend it. I don't want to risk losing money because I forgot that my inbound channel closed.
* How can you ensure that my funds are safe given the massive attack surface?
* Why should I lock my money into a channel that offers me nothing but access to LN when I can invest it in a bond? If you say that it's already invested in BTC, then you haven't convinced me, a BCH holder.
* Roger's point from a few months ago. How will LN onboard 7B people when the "base layer" isn't sufficient?