@_author: claytonkb
@_date: 2018-01-15 06:13:53
Changes in salary do not offset the effect of monetary inflation, even if the changes in salary go up at the same *rate* as the cost-of-living. The reason is the time-structure of inflation. First, prices rise, then (some time later) salaries rise. 
This is not an empirical question; we can know that it is the case from simple reflection. Suppose there was a massive counterfeiting operation in Tallahassee and the counterfeiters (stupidly) spent all their counterfeit bills in Tallahassee. The residents of Tallahassee would not immediately notice a rise in prices but, soon enough, prices *would* rise because business owners would note the increased demand for goods and adjust their prices accordingly. As prices continued to rise, there would eventually be interest in expansion (including additional hiring) and, at this point, wages would rise to attract new employees and/or retain existing employees. Eventually, Tallahassee residents really would benefit from this glut of spending as the money "trickled out" into the Tallahassee economy, causing a general boom in prosperity.
But counterfeiting is a zero-sum game. It is obvious that the boom in Tallahassee is really being funded out of the pockets of all dollar-holders *not* living in Tallahassee. The same is true for the commercial banking system. It is not geographically centralized in one location, but it is at the center of the economy since all other businesses typically store their cash assets in a bank. So, the fewer degrees of separation between you and the Federal Reserve, the closer you are living to downtown Tallahassee, in our metaphor. Everybody else is getting screwed, even if their salaries eventually catch up and even if the salary increases go at the same rate as the economy-wide inflation.
This is just one of the many [evils caused by inflation](
@_date: 2018-01-15 05:57:53
You get an upvote. This is how you expose incompetence/apathy. Don't whine, just do.
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:42:29
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:51:53
Would be pretty smooth if some of those buyers got together and gave Ross the coins back, less their original purchase price.
@_date: 2018-01-01 20:20:14
As I said: less the *original* purchase price.
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:47:36
The correct answer is:
- Put your savings in cold storage
- Don't do shit that will cause the feds to try to seize your running laptop...on a running laptop in a public library.
Probably the best approach is not to do that kind of stuff at all, but then, the feds are pretty snatch-happy (yes, pun intended) so they are going to go after people who are just doing peaceful, consenting business and that could include your business, depending on *their* interpretation of the law and your activities.
@_date: 2018-01-01 17:05:54
Naw, a more poetic punishment would be mass deaths due to [prescription drug overdoses]( given the grand American hypocrisy of wantonly punishing users of "illegal drugs" for failing to take the all-important step of *consulting their doctor*, so they can get a prescription label for their drugs, so they can walk around all day high AF on benzos, which is all perfectly legal and OK and totally makes sense because science, America, God and puppy dogs.
@_date: 2018-01-28 03:50:07
This proves how centralized LN is... just look at that huge, brightly colored circle taking up the center of the image, it's one, giant hub! &gt;:-(
@_date: 2019-07-24 02:55:44
@_date: 2017-12-04 00:48:20
Reverse psychology? I can't imagine a better endorsement...
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:20:56
dark ... 
@_date: 2017-12-11 05:00:45
It just struck me - not only did Satoshi invent Bitcoin, he invented hodling... he's hodling *old school*
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:16:55
No one asked your opinion. But since you've offered it anyway, I'll clarify - fixing busted software is hard. The best solution is not to write busted software in the first place. My initial statement - that a single if-else clause would solve the whole problem - is a criticism of the bustedness of the software. `if(multisig){...do multisig stuff...}else{...do normal-sig stuff...}` Fixing this wallet software is probably way harder than a 1-3 lines edit - I have no idea because I'm not going to waste even a single moment of my time to look at the source code because there are other wallets available that are not *obviously busted software*.
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:54:26
No, I mean busted-busted - a wallet that cannot generate keys without being online is busted-busted, and you don't need to look at the source code to verify that.
@_date: 2017-12-30 05:00:59
This photo is from the future. The owner bought it with ... 1 satoshi.
@_date: 2017-12-03 18:57:02


Actually, the bigger the hubs, the better - if I can make a payment to any of 10,000 retailers, that's better than only being able to make a payment to any of 1,000 retailers and means that I can keep my payment channel open that much longer (reducing my tx fees by that much more).
No matter how big hubs become, they can never start dictating terms to their users because they are a service-layer. It's like how people think that miners have some kind of power over the blockchain when it's exactly the opposite - the miners are just a service layer and they are at the mercy of peer node consensus.
If you have a favorite coffee shop, you will be able to open a micro-payment channel with them directly, completely avoiding all LN hubs. This shows why LN hubs can't dictate terms. If a LN hub gets all uppity, users can just switch to another hub that isn't being a douche. It costs them the tx fee to close and re-open a new payment channel but that's it. So, the only "lock-in" that the hubs have is the cost of switching payment channels (2x the cost of average tx fee).
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:44:52
Are you going to pour it over McAfee's manhood at least? 
Seriously, though: people *please* stop with the "I will eat my &lt;fill in body part&gt;" or "I will down &lt;fill in gross thing to eat by itself&gt;" vows! Dat shit is *gross*...
@_date: 2018-09-24 15:35:54
@_date: 2017-12-03 18:51:46


Not true. You would have to be offline past the timelock in order to lose your funds (they wouldn't be "stolen", in this case, since you neglected to take them back).
Given modest operating requirements, the LN security model is roughly blockchain-equivalent security... hardly "weak". Keeping your bitcoins in an exchange, now *that* is a weak security model. LN is going to cannibalize the exchanges, and good riddance.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:58:26
fishing expedition
@_date: 2017-12-17 07:40:37


No need, there are other wallets that aren't stupid. I'll just use one of those.
@_date: 2018-09-26 15:12:29


A Merkle tree is just a [binary tree]( with hashes as its nodes (vertices). In general, for a binary tree of size N, you only need log(N) "lookups" to go from the root of the tree to the leaf sought. So, suppose you have a million (randomly distributed) binary strings and I ask you, "Hey, is 010010101000 in your dataset?" With a flat array, your average query time is 1M/2=500,000 steps. But with a binary tree, your average query time (for randomly distributed data) is 20, since log_2(1M) = 20.
Now, suppose you have 1M transactions. But some data in one of them has been altered and you want to find out which one. For "concat-then-hash", your average query time is, once again, about 500,000 hashes. But if you use a Merkle tree, the average query time is 20 hashes. For the same reason, to transmit a "complete record" of a transaction drawn from a subset of transactions, you only need the Merkle root and one hash from each branch of the Merkle tree which is *not* taken on the way to the leaf transaction. For a database of 1M transactions, this is about 20 hashes. Processed in concat-order, however, you would need to transmit the hashes of all 1M transactions. The Bitcoin blockchain, for example, is *not* a Merkle tree, that's why you have to send the whole thing. (The transactions *within* the blockchain, however, are hashed into a Merkle tree so that a node can securely prune its unspent-transaction-output set, thus saving dynamic storage space while the node is running.)
@_date: 2018-09-11 15:16:02
"Inside Thomas Edison's secret plot to overthrow the US government with his most dangerous invention: the incandescent light bulb. Tune in to History Channel tonight at 8."
Don't fear the blockchain...
@_date: 2018-09-26 15:03:34
*This* is what r/Bitcoin is really about. Upvoted!
@_date: 2018-09-27 18:52:37
tf is a "crypto leader"?
@_date: 2018-09-21 18:47:48
While criticism of the Fed is always a good thing, it's *extremely* important to criticize the Fed for the right reasons. They're cleverer than you think they are. Here's a good video critiquing the false foundation of economic theory on which the Fed has been built (pardon the horrible music editing):
[Money, Banking and the Federal Reserve](
Long-term, the truth always wins.
@_date: 2017-12-04 03:49:47


That's up to you.


You lock your BTC into a multisig transaction (the opening transaction) and then a hash timelocked contract (HTLC) along with the other person who is part of the payment channel (counter-party) (this is a commitment transaction and officially commences the opening of the channel). The multisig ensures that neither party can cheat. The hashlock allows stake to be transferred to the other party. The timelock allows you to take back your funds unilaterally in the case of non-cooperation (fraud attempt, flaky counterparty or whatever). It also allows you to set up a bi-directional payment channel called a "Poon-Dryja payment channel" by signing new transactions that rebalance the stake between the two parties. See [here]( for explanation and details.


Well, you are a LN node, so yes. You hold your private key for the multisig and the counterparty holds their private key for the multisig. If the payment channel breaks down and no payments have been made over it, you can agree with the other party to dissolve it, returning to the pre-payment-channel stake (you each get your original coins back). However, once a LN payment has been made on the LN channel, this portion of the stake is "locked in" to the other party, so that it is no longer possible to dissolve the channel (unless they voluntarily agree to give back that stake). IOW, payments on a payment channel are "blockchain-equivalent" security - no take-backs.


You could store the private key for the multisig offline (cold wallet) same as with an ordinary address. The signing key used for authorizing transactions over the LN channel is used more like a traditional public-key - you keep using the same key since this is what identifies you relative to the opening transaction. This is not a problem, however, since the LN channel is ephemeral relative to the blockchain. In other words, the key is only used until the LN channel is closed (or times out), so it doesn't need to have cold-storage level of security.
You should not be locking a large amount of Bitcoin into a LN channel. Suppose you are a LN hub. If the largest payment you will transmit over your hub is, say, $1,000, then you only need to lock that much into a payment channel. Once a payment (of any amount less than $1,000) has gone from the payer to the payee, your balance is back to its original level ($1,000, in this case).
@_date: 2018-09-19 15:13:29
Just wanted to jump in here and say I'm proud of this OP for taking a risk (posting something informative to r/Bitcoin) and then learning and growing in the process. Good job everybody!
@_date: 2018-09-19 16:23:41
Unless you happen to own a central bank, I think you misunderstood my comment.
@_date: 2018-09-06 15:18:39
What's with all the demoralizing memes on this sub?
@_date: 2018-09-19 15:09:54
After reading the dozens of paid shill comments in this thread, it struck me just how bad it's gotta hurt to have your money-printing-press slowly ripped out of your fingers. The whip has really got a bite to it, doesn't it?
@_date: 2017-12-17 06:37:14
A single `if(){}else{}` would resolve the whole problem. The existence of a deluxe feature in your product is not an excuse to make the product itself indistinguishable, for the end-user, from an insecure product. Generating private keys offline is an obvious security use-case. It's not even necessarily secure, but there's simply no reason to believe that a wallet that cannot generate keys without being online is secure.
Yes, it's stupid and having a lot of reasons for being stupid doesn't change that fact.
@_date: 2018-09-06 22:05:30
The question is rhetorical... but yeah, you're not wrong.
@_date: 2018-08-14 16:29:02
Can't hodl if you're wasting BTC on drugs. Just sayin'
@_date: 2018-08-22 23:35:37
Any altcoin whose success plan includes "Bitcoin's price goes to zero" is just another shitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-25 17:11:22
hear hear
@_date: 2018-05-04 17:15:55
Sadly, Gavin still does, or says he does. I can think of at least 3 different ways off the top of my head that someone as smart as Gavin could end up publicly claiming that someone he knows is not Satoshi is Satoshi, and as many ways that someone as smart as Gavin could end up being fooled. CSW is an obvious liar and the only evidence for believing that he is Satoshi that ever existed is Gavin's claims. I feel sad for Gavin.
@_date: 2018-05-02 15:23:30
Exactly. It's just like how Santa Claus is real as long as you believe in him.
@_date: 2018-08-25 15:43:16


The mathematical task that miners have to solve is a bit like encrypting a secret message, throwing away *part* of the key, and then challenging the miners to recover the message, given only the ciphertext. This is possible without a centrally trusted server because of the mathematics of one-way functions (hash functions). If we lived in a world where P=NP, for example, there would be no known method to do this without a centrally trusted server.


So, I would use the encryption analogy... we just throw away more and more of the key. The parameter that says how much to throw away is known as the *difficulty* and it is decided by network consensus (which nodes choose to follow a given fork). Of course, the *actual* puzzle is not solving a cryptogram and does not throw away a secret key, it challenges everyone in the network to solve the input of a hash function (which is believed to be one-way, in some sense) given only its output.


The users decide the protocol, not the other way around. Suppose there are 10,000 Bitcoin users. We can idealize the Bitcoin network by saying that there are 10,000 copies of the blockchain. A "fork" occurs in the blockchain (that is, the formerly consensus Bitcoin network) if some non-negligible number of users splits off and follows their own, incompatible version of the blockchain. For example, we might have a group of 1,000 users who would like to have 42 million total Bitcoins. Nothing is stopping them from updating their Bitcoin software with a client that will acknowledge mining of 42 million total coins. This would leave 9,000 users with the original blockchain that is now *incompatible* with the blockchain being used by those 1,000 users who left. In reality, things are more complicated but this gives the general gist.
The reason to believe the limit will remain at 21 million coins is that no current holder of Bitcoin benefits from changing this ceiling. Why dilute the value of the coins you hold? The only people who would want to dilute the value of Bitcoins are *non*-holders of Bitcoin who want to get in more cheaply but they have no say in the network. Finally, it is crucial to always keep in mind that Bitcoin is a *consensus* network -- what happens to your Bitcoins is ultimately up to nobody else but you. As long as you hold them, they are valid *on the original chain*. Now, some bad actors have the idea that they're going to "change the rules" for your Bitcoins but they don't actually have this power; they can create their own, side network, but they cannot cause the main Bitcoin network to stop operating.
@_date: 2018-08-14 16:26:08


@_date: 2018-05-09 19:48:33
They got us by the balls, for sure.
@_date: 2018-05-23 22:18:09
such cringe ... so douche much wow
@_date: 2018-05-02 18:36:14
Any good or service that defines its success in terms of the failure of some *other* product is bringing nothing to the market. 
If I build a better mousetrap, I do not need the other mousetrap manufacturers to fail. Any other definition of "better" is the same old recycled elitism - "I'm smarter than all of you, and I know this mousetrap is better!" The market signals its approval/disapproval of goods &amp; services through customer demand. The best cryptocurrency is whichever cryptocurrency people want to own. If Bcash wants to be the best cryptocurrency, by all means, build a better cryptocurrency. May the best crypto win. But don't try to override consumer choice with fraudulent tricks and scams.
@_date: 2018-05-03 23:04:24
Keep in mind that the amount of dollars in circulation is continually expanding so our intuitive notion of "the value of a dollar" is on a perpetually sliding scale. The typical dollar-holder will predictably overestimate the real buying-power of a dollar. Handling decimal places will never be a serious problem in cryptocurrency applications and soon we will have AI-based interfaces that can automatically review our orders for mistakes - "You are about to pay 1057uBTC for this bagel which is nearly 1,000 times its average price. Are you sure you want to proceed?"
@_date: 2019-11-08 16:32:10
Bjarne: "... and mostly serves criminals."     
Lex: &lt;deer-in-headlights&gt; "yeah..."
@_date: 2019-11-08 20:27:19
It seems like he was caught off guard. I imagine he was not about to debate Bjarne but his reaction just cracked me up, like, "didn't see that coming!"
@_date: 2018-10-17 17:11:35
Plot twist: Concealed beneath the Ford Focus exterior is a Lambo Aventador... big red button on the console allows owner to transform from Focus to Lambo at the push of a button.
@_date: 2019-11-17 04:03:26
Famous last words ... 
&lt;.&lt; Meltdown
Spectre &gt;.&gt;
@_date: 2018-10-18 14:56:05
From the theory of money, we know that Bitcoin needs to be used for *many different kinds of things* in order to be a marketable (desirable) monetary good. So, we want to encourage diversity in uses of Bitcoin as much as possible. I think the Bitcoin community is doing a good job of this but, of course, change can't come soon enough.
@_date: 2018-10-18 14:57:31
He bought BCH and took a haircut
@_date: 2018-06-09 22:20:13
No, it did not. But it did not exist before 1999, so it's barely 10 years older than Bitcoin. The USD and GBP (and all the subsidiary currencies around the globe that are based on dollar-reserves and pound-reserves) went through a *de facto* collapse when the last ties to gold were cut in 1971. The Swiss Franc underwent a similar *de facto* collapse in 2011. No fiat currency on Earth is more than a handful of decades old.
Governments have always devalued their currencies, a practice going back at least to the time of Rome. Until the founding of the Federal Reserve in 1913 and the confiscation of gold in the US in 1933, however, national governments could only devalue their currencies at a modest rate -- often less than 1% per year -- without risk of runaway inflation or specie-flight (except during times of war). As hand-to-hand paper money became unlinked from specie backing in the US and Europe throughout the 20th century, the rate of currency devaluation began to rapidly increase, without causing inflationary collapse. This was the entire point and purpose of the universal adoption of paper currencies without specie-backing, a process that began [when the US was just an infant]( and reached its culmination in 1971 when Nixon closed the gold window.
The mindless automatons jamming the Internet these days will keep their heads buried in the sand but the long-run trajectory is painfully obvious: a global fiat currency with a single, central bank that has unilateral power to create money out of thin air and to assign account balances to any number -- positive or negative -- at any time, to any person on the planet, on its sovereign whim. Feel free to jam the signal all you like but noise can't change the facts.
@_date: 2018-06-11 05:51:02
One of the central themes of the writings of Ludwig von Mises is that, in the long run, it does not matter what people *believe* about economics anymore than it matters what people believe about gravity. The laws of economics continue to operate and produce effects, Mises said, whether or not anybody agrees with them.
The ideas behind Bitcoin share some similarity -- if there are certain fundamental laws underlying the category of money (which is one half of every transaction), then it does not matter what people *believe* about money. In the long run, the laws underlying the production of money will continue to operate and produce effects whether or not anyone agrees with them. So, the only real question is what sort of laws underlie the category of money. The interested reader will find many answers in the writings of Menger, Mises, Hayek, Hulsmann, Hoppe and many others belonging to the Austrian school of economics.
@_date: 2018-06-18 18:18:14
Don't forget David Chaum (ecash)
@_date: 2018-06-10 05:43:43
Not everything is as random as many people like to believe.
@_date: 2018-06-10 17:20:37
Everyone has their own threshold for determining when intent has been reliably signaled. I know what my threshold is, I leave it to others to figure out their own.
@_date: 2019-10-04 15:33:26
Yep and that's because the way that fiat money actually works is totally insane.
@_date: 2019-08-17 05:51:14


I think this is the wrong way to think about the issue. It's not a question of whether your actions are or can be monitored. Rather, it's a question of who is motivated to monitor your actions, and why.
Certain well-resourced 3-letter agencies can probably monitor a ghastly amount of Internet activity. And cryptocurrencies (including Bitcoin) are definitely a prime target for any intelligence agency. But there's a massive difference between capabilities and enforcement. This is a universal fact of government. If it were not, the species would have gone extinct long ago.
While crooks see cryptocurrency as "the new cash", both crooks and government regulators who want to quash cryptocurrency (as if they could) are missing the point. Crypto is not about escaping regulation, it's about un-tethering digital interactions from unnecessary limitations of brick-and-mortar business practices. Note that certain kinds of businesses will always be brick-and-mortar. But the business practices that evolved in the era of brick-and-mortar (which is almost all of human history) are based on false assumptions about the pace at which business can be conducted. That is, they are based on a world where things move at the speed-of-truck. In certain parts of the world, when there is a sufficiently high degree of uncertainty in the banking sector, inter-bank account settlements are performed by transporting cash or even precious metals in armored trucks. This illustrates just how cumbersome and costly high-trust systems of business really are. The true genius of cryptocurrency is that it permits instant, low-trust exchange of money over a digital medium between people who may never see each other, may be on opposite sides of the globe and may not even know each other's names (or need to know them).
Another important benefit of cryptocurrency-based business is that the role of punishment as a deterrent for bad actors is drastically reduced. The primary reason I need to know who I'm doing business with is so that if they try to scam me, I can take them to court and sue them. The mere possibility of lawsuit is usually sufficient to prevent most illegal behavior by ordinary businesses. But smart-contracts and other crypto-based technologies are enabling new methods of forming business agreements that moot the need for punishment-based or retaliation-based incentives.
Cryptocurrencies are likely going to play a role in reversing the trend towards digital totalitarianism on the Internet. Does your government want to abuse the DNS system for censorship? No problem, we'll just build a copy of the DNS that runs on private, crypto-funded, non-censored DNS servers. The same goes for the DRM agenda, out-of-control government snooping (imagine E2E encryption riding on a private, crypto-funded mesh network), and so on. Unlike the failed cyberpunk revolution of the 1990's, crypto has a path to sustainability because it permits the exchange of real economic value.
Don't give up.
@_date: 2018-06-09 14:38:12
You mean USD-1971, EUR-1999, GBP-1971, CHF-2011, etc.
@_date: 2019-10-24 21:43:54
Google's (disputed[1]) announcement regarding quantum supremacy (QS) is very
academic. The idea is to perform a computation on a quantum computer that, in
itself, is completely useless but which would require enormous resources for
a classical computer to imitate. The reason the computation is useless is that
it is specially crafted/chosen to be maximally easy for a quantum computer and
maximally hard for a classical computer. Since the problem being computed is
optimized for this quantum-classical delta, it has no other useful attributes.
The best known quantum algorithms would reduce the problem of inverting SHA-256
to ~2^127 steps. That's a massive improvement over the best-known classical
algorithm (brute-force search) which runs in ~2^255 steps. Google's chip is not
capable of executing the kind of algorithm required to invert SHA-256 and there
is no line-of-sight to QC's that can run it, at this point in time. This doesn't
rule out unexpected breakthroughs in QC.
tl;dr -- the best known QC algorithm for solving problems like inverting SHA-256
would still require ~2^127 steps (finite but intractable) and there is no
line-of-sight from state-of-the-art QC's to a QC that could run this algorithm
at all. Google's QS announcement is of almost entirely academic interest and is 
unrelated to practical breaks of crypto primitives.
[1] IBM claims it can perform the challenge problem that Google chose on a
classical super-computer in about 2.5 days, not 10k years as Google calculated.
IBM is slated to back up its claim with an actual demonstration.
@_date: 2018-06-27 23:21:12
The exploitation of power-differentials in the West is always concealed behind a fig-leaf of due process. When it comes down to pay-or-not decisions, considerations of justice enter nowhere into the equation -- justice has long since been sacrificed at the altar of The Almighty Dollar. The pro-free-market crowd always wants to shift the narrative to economic efficiency, but what about when justice is less *efficient* than injustice? In the end, the pro-free-market crowd reveal that they are just as willing to sacrifice the individual to "the greater good" as the most hardline of Marxists.
For the sociopathic mind, words are just a form of signaling; I believe they are actually incapable of understanding the idea of justice as as an ideal having inherent value. The American economic model is a model that copiously rewards the sociopath. The fastest route to the top is to take your conscience down to the lake and drown it. What this means for the individual who chooses to maintain a functioning conscience is that he or she must view the economic order from a purely strategic/game-theoretic perspective. Any other view is flatly irrational; making economic choices on the romantic notion that fellow-feeling always prevails in the end will surely end in ruin. The rational individual must factor out of his or her economic choices any expectation of justice on the part of the system.
The scoffers like to sit on the sidelines and scoff at the "paranoia" of this point-of-view. All I can say is that I once lived the charmed life, too, and scoffed at the paranoid. Then I ate pavement, metaphorically speaking, and discovered the truth about the American model. In my more romantic moments, I like to think that saying something might help others take a more cautionary approach without having to undergo the same level of pain I have had to endure. But maybe I'm just letting my latent romanticism get the better of me.
@_date: 2019-02-20 23:26:22
Mreh? I think you misunderstood what I wrote. You received this notice from Venmo because it is part of the worldwide financial system, thus, it is part of the global surveillance grid. Were you making some other point with this post?
@_date: 2017-11-19 06:06:19
Econ 101 (kids get out your crayons):
For a fixed supply:   
- When price goes up, demand goes DOWN  
- When price goes down, demand goes UP  
@_date: 2019-02-21 15:27:41


This may or may not be true but the targeted country, *as a whole,* suffers no detriment because, as prices on the tariffed good decrease slightly, consumers of the tariffed good in the targeted country are able to purchase it at those lower prices. In addition, global demand from other buyers increases as the price goes down. The simple fact is that the US government can't do a damn thing to punish the Chinese economy.




Wait, which is it?


This is literally magical thinking. Collective stupidity is still just stupidity.
@_date: 2017-11-19 02:16:32
The tone of your post is Chicken Little - no, the Bitcoin sky is not falling.


I think channel factories will have the ability to "top up" an existing payment channel, though I'm fuzzy on the details. In that case, you would just make a monthly transaction on the blockchain to add more funds to your LN app.


Try to catch your breath for a minute ... Lightning Network itself will not enable Visa-scale payments processing. So, no, it's not the final revision to Bitcoin's payments processing capacity. But it proves the point that Bitcoin can support transaction processing at a scale that is millions of times greater than its "on-chain" capacity.


That's a completely different subject.


You're proving yourself wrong - even with more than 26 million users, Bitcoin is able to process its transactions (at the moment, miners are pulling transactions from the 5-10 sat/byte pool, i.e. just above $0). This is possible because of the magic of the *market*. When prices rise, demand goes down. So, the transaction fee forms a self-balancing system with the mempool.
Of course, at the rate of a handful of transactions per second, Bitcoin will never be able to scale to global payments processing. This is obvious. The solution is to get the small, consumer payments off the chain. Lightning Network does this. While even LN cannot handle Visa-scale payments processing, it proves that Bitcoin can, in fact, process massive amounts of payments with blockchain-equivalent security, all without trying to shove all those payments through the narrow window of the blockchain itself. LN is a "blockchain amplifier" - it is just one of dozens of possible ways of amplifying the blockchain. Altchains that implement horizontal scaling solutions and enable secure 1:1 pegging with Bitcoin (e.g. "Bitcoin-backed cryptocoins") will be able to handle Visa-scale *and more* - we're talking things like "pay per byte" streaming and "pay per frame" gaming... millisecond resolution micro-payments, all built on top of Bitcoin.


It's much better. It is instant, anonymous, permissionless, non-reversible, requires minimal trust and has no monthly charges, fees, fines or other "terms &amp; conditions".
@_date: 2019-08-31 19:25:38
I couldn't resist the temptation to photoshop this... lol
@_date: 2019-02-21 15:11:13


This is an incorrect definition. The monetary good is invariably the most marketable (liquid) good. I'm not going to delve into monetary theory, here, beyond pointing out that notions based on generalizing from fiat money are bound to be incorrect. Money did not originate as slips of paper that "we all agree have value." Even the Keynesians understand this.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:49:03
Let's see:
1) Lose face  
2) Abandon account  
OR  
3) Eat left testicle  
I'm thinking a rational choice is to either lose face or abandon account, but that's just me (also a reason I don't bet my testicles on anything).
@_date: 2017-11-18 18:36:27
You're reading the graph incorrectly. It is not possible to replace a higher tx fee with a lower tx fee and have the lower tx fee replace the higher one because the miners will always choose the higher tx fee. If the mempool gets full on a typical node (300MB), they'll start discarding the transactions with the lowest fees, so the "spam" transactions are the ones that will get dropped. In short, until the mempool is actually full (300MB or so), there is simply no such thing as "spam transactions" because every transaction will eventually get processed. When the mempool fills, there will effectively be a "hard minimum tx fee" such that if your tx has less than that fee, it won't even get into the mempool.
@_date: 2017-11-19 06:08:56
Each price range is colored (see bar on the left)... the graph shows how many outstanding transactions there are at any given time; each transaction is colored according to its fee (satoshis per byte).
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:54:43




Nope, no third-party trust required. Off-chain LN transfers are as secure as on-chain transfers. Nobody who is part of a LN needs to touch the blockchain unless one party becomes unresponsive/uncooperative. The idea is that, as long as everybody "plays nice", you can stay off the blockchain indefinitely. But as soon as somebody becomes unresponsive/uncooperative, everybody can just go to the blockchain and settle accounts, so no coins are ever at risk of being lost to a trusted third-party.


LN will result in a kind of "centralization" in that LN hubs will facilitate transactions between many individuals. But these hubs will not be trusted (they will not have anyone else's coins "in escrow") and they cannot charge injurious fees because, at any time, their customers can just switch to another hub or go direct with a micro-payment channel.
This kind of centralization is not bad because it is not based on "trust curation" or abuse of trust (see [here]( in fact, any efficient network topology will have to have some centralization because p2p (all-to-all) networks are inherently inefficient (see [here](


LN is made up of [micro-payment channels]( connected end-to-end - it's a fiendishly clever yet straightforward and transparent design. A micro-payment channel allows Alice and Bob to transact back and forth a lot. Connecting two micro-payment channels end-to-end (from Alice to Bob, and from Bob to Charlie) allows Alice to send payments to Charlie, through Bob, without entrusting her coins to Bob. Bob is just a facilitator. Bob could have many clients besides Alice and Charlie; say, Dave, Ernie, and Freida. As a "LN hub", Bob can facilitate an indefinite number of payments from any of {Alice, Charlie, Dave, Ernie, Freida} to any of {Alice, Charlie, Dave, Ernie, Freida}, without ever touching the blockchain. Instead of having to have 20 micro-payment channels for every distinct pair from the set {Alice, Charlie, Dave, Ernie, Freida}, you only need 5 bi-directional micro-payment channels, one for each customer. These payments are instantaneous and have blockchain-equivalent security.




I'm hoping we see a dedicated "fast-chain" emerge. Basically, you would swap your BTC out onto the fast-chain (which is designed with a 1:1 peg to BTC), transact there, and then swap back later on. The benefit of this is that LN might be *too* "off-chain" for some people, such as businesses or private foundations, who want to have a public record of their transactions. It can attain LN-level speed and security using horizontal scaling (see [here]( instead of off-chain transactions. Of course, this fast-chain could also have its own LN, which might be a better solution to mass-scaling than LN channel-factories.
@_date: 2017-11-19 03:48:47




OK, this remark is just pedantic. I clearly explained that LN won't scale to Visa-scale processing but that it *proves* that the blockchain *can* scale to Visa-scale and well beyond.




Nonsense. Right now, miners are mining transactions at 5-10 sat/byte. What sort of cold wallet can't be funded at less than 10 sat/byte??




Yes. Because LN is not yet available. Also, the sharks circling around Bitcoin are very keen on persuading as many people as possible to utilize a trusted escrow arrangement that allows them to scam people. There are a lot of stupid people in the world, and there are a lot of sharks in the world. Bitcoin can't do anything about either of those facts.


By the time that is actually the case, the market cap of Bitcoin will be so large that it will already be acting more like a reserve currency. As I pointed out in my last post, a Bitcoin-backed cryptocoin that can perform atomic swaps with the blockchain will allow scaling way beyond Visa-scale, while giving end-users blockchain-equivalent security.


&lt;shrug&gt; Bitcoin can't fix stupid. No one can.




OK? I'm not sure what your point is. It will not be costless, but it will be cheaper than any standard bank account and there will be no recurrent charges (monthly or otherwise).
@_date: 2017-11-16 00:29:45


This is definitely not true, as I mentioned earlier.


Why in the world would payment channels need to open/close at a rate greater than 10-ish per second? Opening a channel to a settlement processor will be similar to opening a debit card account. You do it once and then use the card dozens, hundreds or thousands of times before you throw it out and get a new one. I would imagine the typical Bitcoin user wouldn't need to open/close a payment channel more frequently than once in a month. At current blockchain capacity, that gets you to 26M users making an unlimited number of transactions.


2MB would only get us to 52M users, so it doesn't solve the problem, either. Renewable time-locks or the lightning [channel factory idea]( are going in the right direction. The point is that no amount of blocksize increase can even begin to cope with "at-scale" processing of hand-to-hand transactions. The blockchain itself is just a global, secure serialization/timestamping mechanism. One day, it will probably go faster than 10 minutes per block but that day is a long ways off. One day, the blocksize might be readjusted based on some kind of empirical analysis of global throughput, etc. But, for now, Bitcoin simply *must* be able to work on a 10-minute per block, max-weight-per-block, basis. Today, there are so many cryptographic tools available for implementing such systems - given a blockchain - that the real question is figuring out which solution is most performant.
PS: I was in the "Bitcoin can't scale!" boat until about a month or so ago - and I've been following Bitcoin since it was launched. But when I did a deep-dive into how payment channels and Lightning Networks actually work, the lightbulb went on and I "got it". Payment channels, lightning networks and especially cross-chain atomic swaps are the future of cryptocurrency. Sooner or later, everyone will figure it out. For now, LN can't come soon enough.
@_date: 2017-11-26 00:29:40


The Fed exists so that the banking system can print money, most of which goes to the State in the form of "bond purchases" and the rest of which gets leveraged into the commercial banks and trickles down through credit expansion to the loan market. Monetary and credit expansion is just theft. The State and its cronies in the central bank print money for the same reason that any thief steals - so they can have shit they didn't earn.
The Fed has been expanding the money supply at a terrifying rate ever since its inception but particularly in the last 10 years since the housing crisis. See [here]( The Fed has added nearly $1T per year to the effective money supply for 10 years straight, taking the true money supply from around $5T in 2007 to more than $12T in 2016. The "explanations" for why they do this are just meaningless strings of words, indistinguishable from the grunting of pigs or the braying of donkeys. They steal for the same reason that any thief steals.
@_date: 2017-11-19 17:28:22
In addition, people are snitches and will retaliate out of envy. The State cannot tax profits whose existence can only be proved inside your own head.
@_date: 2017-11-25 19:15:31


This is precisely what fiat money permits, if that person happens to be the Fed chairman (and/or his friends, government liaisons or subordinate commercial banks, etc.)


In 2010 alone, [the Federal Reserve added $600 billion to the money supply]( under QE - that's $50 billion per month. In theory, "adding to the money supply" is reversible; in practice, the central bank never withdraws money it adds to the money supply.


The addition of new money is not occasional, [it's continual]( and it's drastically under-reported (actual average rate of expansion has been 7.1% since 1986). And there are [so many reasons]( that fiat money printing is [disruptive]( By contrast, gold mining (or, more accurately, free-market money) is [regulated by the law of supply and demand](


You can't transmit a piece of gold over the Internet using minimal trust (i.e. it necessarily involves a highly-trusted 3rd-party).


Fiat money has no advantages over gold, not even convenience. People use it for the same reason they pay taxes - there isn't any other alternative that doesn't involve political upheaval. Well, until Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-20 21:45:47
Only 6x price increase in 45 years ... lol
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:01:54




That bulletin agrees in every respect with what I've asserted. The quote you are probably singling out, "[banks do not] ‘multiply up’ central bank money to create new loans and deposits", doesn't mean that commercial banks create new money *on their own ledgers* nor does it mean that central bank money (high-powered money) injected through bond purchases (those deposits have to be stored in some commercial bank) does not get multiplied in the same way as household deposits. Rather, that quote is simply rejecting certain popular misconceptions that the commercial banks sequester central bank money and re-lend it out to the maximum limit possible under the reserve ratio - this is not the case. Rather, new money injected by the central bank and household deposits - together - are subject to money-multiplication through inter-bank loans. No commercial bank can add a balance to its own ledger *but the central bank can and does*. That's what makes the central bank different from other banks. This is what I stated above and that is precisely what the bulletin explains.


You are correct in what you said and incorrect in what you think I don't understand. The Fed must exist, however, because if the commercial banks engaged in fractional lending between each other without a central bank, whenever the time horizon of their accounts payable becomes shorter than the time horizon of their accounts receivable, they will become illiquid, aka bankrupt. That's why you need a central bank. This is the central bank's role as "the lender of last resort". Should any commercial bank become illiquid, while operating according to the rules of the central bank's governance, it would be lent money to cover the crunch on their balance sheet until they can get their accounts receivable/payable back in correct order. Seems reasonable enough on the surface but it's still just a form of money printing (by temporary issuance of unbacked credit).




There's no comparison.
@_date: 2019-02-21 05:59:23
Trade is the great pacifier. The old adage, "No two countries with a McDonald's have ever gone to war" is eerily true. Trading partners are loathe to go to war and wreak scorched-earth on each other. After all, if Acme Inc. has factories on both sides of the border, it wants to see neither factory bombed to oblivion (and will be willing to lobby each nation's government back from the brink of war). In the lead up to both World Wars, there were massive economic sanctions and suspensions of trade across the national borders that would eventually erupt into hostilities.
Tariffs (a particular strain of trade sanctions) are completely misunderstood in the popular consciousness. They are sold to the public as "evening out trade between two nations." They do no such thing. A tariff is a subsidy -- corporate welfare -- paid out of the pockets of the domestic public. "My tariff is costing the Chinese a lot of money." Phooey. Your tariff is costing *Americans* a lot of money, Mr. President.
The domestic suppliers in the tariffed industry are relieved of the burden of direct price/quality competition with foreign suppliers *at the expense of the domestic consumers*. The relief to domestic suppliers is in direct proportion to the expense borne by domestic consumers because it is domestic consumers which are forced to either pay a higher price for foreign products, or to accept domestic products of inferior quality, ceteris paribus. (The only reason domestic consumers will purchase foreign products at the same price-point is because they are of superior quality. And, obviously, if they can get the same quality at a lower price, they will go with that option). Steel tariffs are an excellent example. The steel suppliers, like US Steel, are massive beneficiaries of steel tariffs. But who pays? Not foreign steel suppliers. No, it is Americans - who utilize goods made from steel - who pay. Threatening foreign nations with tariffs and economic sanctions is like threatening to shoot yourself in the foot.
There are other, more destructive forms of economic sanctions, such as embargoes, and so on. It is a euphemism to refer to these as "economic sanctions" - they are really [economic warfare]( Humanity has repeatedly tried to end war with more war, and the experiment has failed every time. What's the definition of insanity, again?
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:38:14
I'd rather be pathetic than be a snake.
@_date: 2017-11-16 05:23:08


Precisely. There is nothing stopping people in BCH from taking their capital and building an ultra-fast sidechain utilizing horizontal scaling through [sharding]( or some other mechanism. As long as their sidechain supports cross-chain atomic swaps, they're good-to-go. Anyone holding BTC who wants to make fast, cheap transfers only has to swap out into the sidechain, do their business, and swap back any leftovers. This is like LN without LN. I expect to see both systems emerge and compete side-by-side.


Well put.


@_date: 2017-11-19 06:10:13
Of course. This is in mnemonic form, not trying to give an actual economics lecture... ;)
@_date: 2017-11-26 02:49:39




Wait, which is it? Am I lying, or have prices increased *along with* income?


Even if this were true, wealth is still being siphoned away, both from cash-at-rest and from income-earners. Hans Hoppe explains this in "Banking, 
Nation States, and International Politics: A Sociological Reconstruction of the Present Economic Order":


@_date: 2017-11-19 05:44:10


Billions, then. LN shows how to transact off-chain. This is called "proof of concept". LN itself is still limited by opening/closing channels. Other systems (e.g. swapping to a Bitcoin-backed altchain) won't be - these systems can scale to millions or billions of times the throughput of the blockchain. I'm not sure why my language is not clear to you.




You don't know that.


Price = 10 sat/byte, *right now*. Anyone with their money in an exchange can move onto the blockchain *right now* for 10 sat/byte.


But block space is not at all like "bottles of water" because countless off-chain transactions can be consolidated into a single, on-chain move. LN is just one way to do this. XCATs will be even more powerful when combined with Bitcoin-backed altcoins, IMO.
@_date: 2017-11-26 00:14:14






I'm sure there is oodles of red tape and I doubt that the chair actually "calls the shots" in any meaningful sense - the internal operation of the Fed is surely no different than any corporation. But that's all irrelevant to the point I was making - printing money and handing it out to your buddies is still just printing money and handing it out to your buddies.


 


Everybody keeps saying this and somehow it keeps not happening.


You're living in a parallel universe - did you not see the recent post of an image of a 1976 McDonald's menu? The cost of living has increased several *fold* in the last 40 years. That's not "consistently low and stable" inflation, that's reckless, runaway inflation that is driving up the cost-of-living for the ordinary person. Easy monetary policy is a staunchly anti-populist measure but somehow it manages to fly under the flag of being "for the people".


And I'm not interested in recycled Fed propaganda. In any case, the time for verbal discussion has long since passed - from now on, it's just a matter of action.
@_date: 2017-11-17 05:53:41
Well, Bitcoin has never been fast. 10 minutes to get a single confirmation is an eternity in the payments-processing world. The blockchain supports micro-payment channels and Lightning Networks today... the hold-up is that LN requires a dedicated LN client (since LN works "off-chain") and that client is still under development. Litecoin already has working Lightning Network but I don't think anybody's really using it. LN will enable truly instant Bitcoin payments, something we've never had before (without third-party trust). So, when it arrives, it's going to be a big deal. BTC&lt;-&gt;LTC cross-chain atomic swaps are working and this means that, for now, you can just move X amount of Bitcoin over to Litecoin for day-to-day transactions (LTC tx fee is negligible).
It is possible that the Bitcoin transaction fee will remain at an elevated level indefinitely. This is because the amount of capital stored in Bitcoin is very large and all that capital needs to move around in about 7-12 transactions per second, globally. LN will massively alleviate this issue for ordinary users by allowing instant, near-zero fee transactions. It will also alleviate the issue for the whales by moving most day-to-day transactions off the chain. Other solutions will have to be developed to handle longer-term scaling (e.g. FOREX scale).
@_date: 2017-11-16 04:59:01


I'm not saying "LN with 1mb can support 26 million users" - it will eventually support many more than 26 million. The number 26 million comes from 10 tx/sec * 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 30 days per month. So, if every Bitcoin user did nothing but open or close a payment channel, once per month, then you could support 26 million such people. But why would people open/close payment channels like this? Do you throw out and reopen a plastic payment card every month? So, this is a number that assumes the most ridiculous kind of usage scenario, and the point of the number 26 million is that you will *never* make the blocksize big enough to support 26 million users making an unlimited number of transactions on the blockchain over the period of a month.
And no, trusted third-parties are not the solution to the scaling problem. They are a symptom of the fact that Bitcoin has not yet rolled out a scaling solution. No one will use a MtGox-style exchange once they can just use a Lightning Network channel with zero third-party risk to their coins. So, everybody running an exchange right now is not going to be happy about LN, because it means they're going to go out of business. Unfortunately, that's how a free market works.
@_date: 2019-02-20 23:14:19
The world financial system = global surveillance. Downvote all you like, but that's the facts, Jack.
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:14:57
Transaction size can only get so large because the transaction Script can only have so many operations, and operands can only be so large. I don't know off the top of my head what the max size is, but it's smaller than a 1MB block, for sure. Since any transaction larger than this would necessarily be invalid, it would not propagate through the network, it would be dropped by the first peer you sent it to.
@_date: 2017-11-16 00:11:33
I suppose if you wrote a Javascript interpreter in Script and then programmed it to load bitcoin.com during processing of the transaction, you might be able to fulfill BCH dreams of unlimited block space. But you can never be sure.
@_date: 2017-11-26 02:31:30


The link I posted above gives the calculation of the actual money supply based on a correct counting of the money in existence. The money measures used by the Fed do not give an accurate picture of the monetary expansion.
The reason I'm not going to debate numbers has nothing to do with conspiracy theories - you've already conceded that the Fed is expanding the money supply (printing money) and that's really all that I need to point out. No matter who prints the money (the Fed or a private party), money printing is theft through counterfeiting. That the State and the Fed are thieves is not news and one does not need to invoke a conspiracy to explain why they will lie about the fact that they are stealing (and the magnitude of their theft).


But whose wealth? A wealth expansion of any dimension is useless for those who are left out of it. It is only good news that our country's wealth is expanding if it is also true that our country is not corrupt. Unfortunately, our country is corrupt at its very heart - its money.


I don't care enough to want to blow it up. I'm only pointing out the fact that the US monetary system is dishonest.


Cryptocurrency does not require "tearing down" anything. Giving people an option to stay with what they know or to move on to something that is verifiably honest is not "tearing down" anything, it's building an alternative.
@_date: 2017-11-02 02:00:17
That's fuckin amazing
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:54:29


My feelings are irrelevant - if a counterfeiter prints a counterfeit $1 bill, it is theft from all other holders of dollars. This is true no matter how I feel about it.


I quite understand the apologetics for central bank activities. It's theft by any other name.


I don't hate the Fed. I don't hate private thieves, either. But the fact is that they're all thieves.
There is a fundamental difference between Bitcoin and altcoins because Bitcoin is acting like the reserve currency in the crypto space. If you squint, you can view the entire pool of cryptocurrency capital as all being based on the Bitcoin blockchain, even if it is not directly connected to the blockchain. More or less, the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies represents an exodus of real value from the global fiat regime.
Bitcoin is not "being printed out of thin air", there is just one Bitcoin pie having 21 million slices (of size "1 bitcoin") which have not yet all been claimed. They are in the process of being claimed through an auction process that takes the form of a distributed lottery played at the cost of mining equipment and electricity. This is certainly a more egalitarian method of distribution than these ICOs cropping up on a daily basis.
There is no comparison between this and the Fed printing money on top of an established fiat money base. Rather, the comparison is to the issue of private banknotes. In this case, the notes are, indeed, unbacked but the number of notes is provably scarce, a feature that old-fashioned private banknotes lacked, despite having a commodity money backing.


Well, the status of the Fed as a thief is not in the form of some property claim that I have against them. I would certainly have a much better property claim against the IRS but you would doubtless say the same thing in their case, that is, that the IRS has never stolen a thing from me. The Fed is a thief in the same sense that any counterfeiter is a thief. I can't name the dollar amount that private counterfeiters have stolen from me but what they are doing is theft, all the same.


There is no average person, there are only individuals.


Comparing the plight of humanity across time and space is an exercise in futility. My point was, and remains, that average wealth can increase dramatically, while the vast majority of the population is experiencing no increase in standard-of-living or a decrease in standard-of-living. We are supposed to believe this does not happen in America. I've been on both sides of the fence so I really understand how difficult it can be for those in the boats that are "rising with the tide" to realize just how bad things are for others who are drowning, for whatever reason.
@_date: 2017-11-22 05:09:57
NN has nothing to do with cryptocurrency. Repealing it will not hurt Bitcoin. Leaving it in place will not help Bitcoin or the rest of the Internet. NN is a shit solution for a shit problem created by other regulations that have kept the telecom market in the hands of a few giants that are really one giant octopus that is in bed with the intelligence agencies. But don't take my word for it:
@_date: 2019-12-11 16:33:37
It is the case in some places, not others. In the US, I believe the cap is 10% reserves. Last I checked, I believe in the UK there is no nation-wide cap but the regulators do set discretionary caps based on conditions. So, the only correct answer is "it's complicated", just like they want it to be because that keeps the general public confused and in the dark.
As for bank runs, *any* amount of fractional-reserves in a banking system makes the system liable to collapse. In the old, "wildcat banking" days, this phenomenon was limited to *specific* banks. If bank XYZ engaged in fractional reserves (basically, lending out deposits) but then had to try to cover all its deposits without sufficient liquidity, it would go bankrupt. So, depositors were *very* interested in being sure that their place of banking did not engage in fractional-reserve practices.
When the US central bank (the Fed) was created in 1913, however, it became "the lender of last resort" which is just a fancy way of saying that, since they have the power to print money at will, they could cover any deposit crisis by simply printing up pallets of cash and handing it out, thus making a bank run "impossible." Of course, the Great Depression and the collapse of many banks ensued within less than two decades *after* the creation of the Fed.
@_date: 2017-11-14 03:20:05
In addition to the other projects already mentioned, [cross-chain atomic transfers]( also have a huge potential to provide scaling by allowing individual transactions to be conducted on a low-fee altchain and then final settlement to be "swapped back" onto the main blockchain. Obviously, this is what micro-payment channels and Lightning Network is for but cross-chain atomics have the benefit that they [already fully work today]( require only light coding for clients/wallets to support (unlike [LN]( and they "chain together" the major cryptos in a trustless way, essentially making all cryptocurrencies into one, giant "pool of capital". Since water seeks its own level, I predict that we will see the emergence of clients/wallets that automatically find the lowest-fee route to make a transaction occur, using cross-chain atomics.
@_date: 2017-11-26 00:18:54




The point was originally raised in the abstract (i.e. an unhampered market in money). Of course, once you impose legal tender laws and stop the issuance of private currencies, the only money that people will use will be the central bank's monopoly money. But what makes fiat money fiat (that it is unbacked) is not a feature, it is a bug. Anything that can be done with unbacked fiat money, can be done with a privately issued currency with backing.
 


That's one opinion.
@_date: 2017-11-19 05:58:11
Plot twist: he has a $10k wad of benjamins in his pocket... NOT REAL MONEY
@_date: 2017-11-25 08:26:02
Earth is just one block in the galactic blockchain. Let's hope we get validated by the entire network...
@_date: 2019-12-11 16:40:38


Only one "bank" in the US has the authority to print money (physically or on its account ledgers) and that is the Fed. The money you receive in loans is not *created* by the issuing bank.
The commercial banks (all other US banks besides the Fed) do expand the money supply through a process called credit-expansion, or money-multiplication, or credit-winding. Search any of those terms to find out what this means. The expansion process is possible because, in effect, the banks are permitted to lend out up to 90% of their reserves, which includes demand deposits and other assets. Economically, this is no different than printing money... it causes price inflation. But legally, it is different from what the Fed is doing. The distinction matters because Fed apologists like to confuse people over this legal distinction without an economic difference.
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:17:24


It's definitely not true that LN can't function on 1MB blocks. As for why 1 instead of 2, the point is that Bitcoin cannot scale long term if it cannot function on *some* fixed-size block. Thus, 1MB is just as good as 2MB, in the long run. Of course, we desperately need those off-chain features (LN, pmt channels, cross-chain atomic swaps) to become end-user accessible ASAP, like, yesterday.
@_date: 2017-11-16 05:09:53
Actually, you have it backwards. In principle, you only need enough bytes to store the block header, a transaction ID, a hash and maybe a few other pieces of metadata *per block*. Then, you just use cryptographic techniques to "shrink" all your transaction data down to that single hash and matching transaction ID. Of course, this wouldn't really work because everybody would have to coordinate the shrinking of the transaction data, etc. etc. So, Bitcoin's 1MB block removes the need for all that low-level coordination, allowing many individuals across the network to submit transactions in parallel and have them all confirmed at once. But now that we *have* a blockchain, all we need to do is build applications that "amplify" it by coordinating the "cryptographic shrinking" of hundreds, thousands or millions of small transactions into a small number of moves on the blockchain. This is similar to how banks handle physical settlement of cash and precious metals accounts between one another. There's no need to settle each and every inter-bank transaction individually; rather, each bank aggregates all of its transactions involving the other bank together and finds its settlement amount. Whoever has the larger settlement amount will receive a physical transfer of cash (or some other secure form of exchange) in the amount of the difference between the banks' outstanding settlements.
@_date: 2017-11-26 04:04:42


Yes, Hans Hoppe is a respected Austrian school economist and philosopher. Austrians use a different methodology for economic science and they are quite up-front about it. There's nothing pseudo-scientific about it. There are methodological disagreements even in physics, the hardest of sciences. There are several schools of economics and there is academic respect between them, despite their disagreements. While the Austrian school is definitely a minority position nowadays (it wasn't always this way), it is a respected approach to economics and its methodological approach is acknowledged by non-Austrians as a legitimate methodological debate. This is in contrast to a pseudo-science like, say, astrology, that does not employ a methodology that is respected by other schools of science because it lacks essential features of a science. Astrology is an art or a practice, not a science. Austrian methodology is not predominant these days but it is as rigorous as any economics methodology out there.
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:28:28
- This issue has already been put to the market and the decision was clear: main chain stays with 1MB, others can fork if they like and do something else
- Bigger blocks means the blockchain grows that much faster. Blockchain scaling reduces decentralization by increasing the total p2p network bandwidth and by increasing the sync time for new peers to come online. This matters a lot because...
- Since 1MB is as good as any other size (long-run), adopting a &gt;1MB block (or greater than max-weight under Segwit) is giving up the Schelling point,  Once you've agreed that the line in the sand can be moved, then it's just an argument over *how much* and *how many times* it can be moved. This goes for the 21m Bitcoin limit, too. When the coinbase award slows way down to like, 0.0001 BTC people are going to start bitching that "we should just increase the 21m limit a little bit, just for now". Sorry buddy, no can do, because game theory tells us that as soon as you concede an inch, you've given up as many miles as the expansionists choose to take.
@_date: 2017-11-27 03:21:58






You asked me to be "much more specific", so I was.


So I suppose SETI is not "actual science" because most "actual astrophysicists" believe that the probability of the existence of extraterrestrial intelligence is essentially zero? Just because a scientific view is in the minority does not make it "not actual science". On this view, we could say that heliocentrism is "not actual science" because it originated with a discredited, minority view that did not "reconcile with the empirical facts" as well as Ptolemaic geocentrism.
Austrian social science is not mainstream. No one disputes this. Hand-waving that it's "not actual economics", however, is just dodging the argument.


I already addressed that above: "no one denies that the Fed is expanding the money supply or that the commercial banks are expanding credit." That *is* printing money. New money goes to those who are most the financially active - Wall Street, big commercial concerns, government contractors, and so on. That *is* cronyism.
New money does not spread through the economy immediately. It starts at a point source (the central bank) and eventually trickles out to mom &amp; pop. The early users of new money have the opportunity to purchase goods and services at the old, pre-inflation prices while late users of the new money or those who never receive it (e.g. fixed-income) must pay the inflated prices out of their existing income/savings. Thus, monetary inflation always constitutes a wealth transfer from the late- or non-users of new money to the early users of new money. This is the case no matter whether that money is credit expansion that is later unwound or whether it is just new money added by the central bank.
If every single monetary price/balance throughout the entire economy were instantaneously multiplied by some factor (greater than 1.0), then the systemic redistribution effect of inflation would not obtain and we could say this was non-crony inflation. If new money were added to the economy through some kind of truly random lottery system it would still have a redistribution effect but it would not favor any particular group or demographic (e.g. the financial sector), while disfavoring all others - this, too, would be non-crony inflation. But the actual monetary and credit expansion that occurs redistributes wealth to certain groups (the most wealthy and politically well-connected in society) by redistributing it away from all the others. It is very nearly the most anti-populist social measure imaginable.
@_date: 2019-12-07 03:37:43
**The origin of money**
Economist Hans Hoppe briefly explains the origin of money [here](


































Note that the real, historical origin of money had nothing to do with government
because money emerged long before the Agricultural Revolution, that is, when
humans lived in tribal societies. At that time, there were, as yet, no urban
Also note that, while the monetary commodity is unique vis-a-vis consumer goods
(goods that are suitable for direct use by humans) and producer goods (goods
which are suitable primarily for producing *other* goods), it is still "just
another good" as far as the law of supply and demand is concerned. What *makes*
it unique is its "saleability" or, in modern terms, its liquidity. Money is the
easiest good to be rid of because you can more or less instantly exchange it
for anything in the market. All other goods are less liquid, by comparison; you
may have to wait some period of time to fetch a reasonable asking price for
your car or house or washing-machine or whatever.
**Supply of and demand for the monetary commodity**
In an excellent 2009 article titled [The Demand for Money and the
Time-Structure of
Austrian economist Guido Hulsmann explains how fluctations in the supply of and
demand for the monetary commodity connect to market supply/demand for other
kinds of goods. Specifically, the monetary commodity plays an important role in
managing uncertainty and mediating entrepreneurial predictions regarding future
supply/demand. (Note: Austrian economists refer to this aspect of economic
theory as the "time-structure of capital" and it is arguably the single biggest
difference between the Austrian school and all other schools of economics.)
The term "supply of money" seems easy to understand. In fact, it is easy to
*mis*understand and a lot of the pro-fiat money arguments are founded squarely
on popular misconceptions about what, exactly, the supply of money *is*.
The term "demand for money", however, seems very confusing but is actually quite
simple. Let's break it down.
The demand for money should be written *the demand for cash balances*. Of
course, every individual has unlimited demand for money (or any other good) but
we are talking about market demand (demand for a good versus demand for all
other goods). Specifically, demand for money is about cash-savings or "cash at
rest". (Note: financial investments, loans and other instruments involving uncertainty,
are *not* part of "cash balances.") It is easy to see that when times are good and there is a lot of
optimism, demand for cash balances will go down. And vice-versa when there is a
lot of uncertainty and economic unrest. The key is that, in a sound money
system there exactly two ways that an individual can satisfy an increase in his
own demand for cash-balances: (a) cut expenditures (or increase revenues) or
(b) get a loan from someone else who has spare cash. Since everyone is under
the same constraint (no one has the power to create money out of thin air), we
see that demand for non-monetary goods and demand for cash-balances are in a
zero-sum equilibrium. When demand for cash balances increases, *demand for all
other goods must decrease*. And vice-versa when demand for cash balances
We can also see that interest on loans and the demand for money are intimately
connected. When demand for cash balances increases, cash-holders who are
willing to lend can charge higher interest. And vice-versa when demand goes
Now, let's look at the money supply. The supply of the monetary commodity is
not free of the costs of production for the monetary commodity. That is, in a
natural monetary order (equiv. market monetary order), the costs of producing
the monetary commodity cannot be "wished away", new money cannot be created at
no cost. In the case of gold and silver, the costs of money production are the
cost of mining the ore, making ingots, assaying and coining. Fluctuations in
market demand for the monetary commodity have precisely the same effect on the
market for money production as fluctuations in demand have on *any* market,
generally. This is the sense in which the market views the monetary good as
"just another good". With some fixed pool of capital, you might only be able to
*either* invest in a new furniture manufacturing plant, *or* invest in a new
gold mining operation, but not both. The tradeoff of capital investment imposed by
scarcity is what allows the market to equilibrate the supply of the monetary
good with all other goods.
Throughout the millenia that gold and silver have been used as money, even
though these metals were very valuable, there was never a time when "all
resources" in the economy went into gold and silver production. That's because
the costs of production are not zero and/or the market price for them is not
infinite (as measured in terms of any other good... you can never buy
"infinity" quantity of something in exchange for some finite amount of gold or
Given what we have shown so far, it is easy to see that:
- When demand for money increases, demand for non-money goods decreases; and vice-versa
- When demand for money increases, *investment* in money production increases to meet this demand
- When investment in money production increases, investment in production of other goods decreases (all else equal)
- When a change in the supply of the monetary commodity (upward or downward) has "settled down" and spread throughout the economy,
there is no long-run benefit or loss; any "amount" of money is as good as any other amount
**Inflation and deflation in an honest-money market**
Now, let's look briefly at inflation and deflation. Inflation can also be called
*devaluation* of the money good. It occurs when:
- Demand for money goes down (and demand for non-money goods increases)
- The supply/production of money increases
And vice-versa for deflation. Note that the connection to the interest-rate is
not direct, as we are often told it is in fiat-money systems. Rather, the connection
is through the market for loanable funds. Note that when there is an increase
in the demand for cash balances, this demand can be met in one of *three*
1) Secular decrease in demand for non-money goods (as people save their income streams instead of spending them)
2) Increase in money production (increased gold/silver-mining back in the old days)
3) Credit extended from those with surplus cash-balances and risk-appetite to those with a deficiency of cash-balances
The third bullet only occurs when there is an *uneven* increase in the demand
for cash balances, that is, when one part of the population has an increase
in demand for cash balances while another part does not or even experiences
a decrease in demand for cash balances. An example might be cross-border loans
between inhabitants in country A that is undergoing civil war (lots of uncertainty
and increased demand for cash-balances) and inhabitants in country B that is
at peace. Loans from people in country B to people in country A might be a
way for the market to arbitrage the difference in demand for money, although
it depends on the particulars of risk-appetite in country B, and so on.
You can translate most of this to Bitcoin mining by simply thinking of block
mining as gold/silver mining. It's not an exact analogue but it bears a lot of
similarities. For more information, I recommend the following resources:
[The Economics of Deflation - Hulsmann](
[The Value of Money - Hulsmann](
[Government, Money and International Politics - Hoppe](
[Man, Economy and State - Rothbard, especially ch. 2-11](
@_date: 2017-11-26 02:17:47




That's what this entire sub-thread is about - no one denies that the Fed is expanding the money supply or that the commercial banks are expanding credit. The Fed's bond purchases are just free money for the government (the principal will never be repaid). This printing-press subsidy of the Federal budget, in turn, enables more pork-barrel spending which is slurped up by whichever corporate crony has the best lobbyists that money can buy in DC. In our "first-world country", we call this, "solving a liquidity crisis" but in other parts of the world it's called more honestly - printing money and handing it out to cronies.




You're suggesting that becoming Fed chair is equivalent to Bitcoin mining?
@_date: 2017-11-26 01:39:23


No to all of these, but personal circumstances are irrelevant to the discussion. I consider myself to be locked into a system of theft, that is, I am the beneficiary of unknowable general benefits of being dollarized. In this respect, I do not presume to judge Yellen or any other individual in the system on a personal level... I cannot know to what degree they are simply a product of their circumstances, as I am of mine. But that does not exonerate the system itself. The system is inherently dishonest and destructive, even if we're all "in it together".




I'm not going to debate numbers. The Fed's activities are distorted by propaganda. The numbers are as absurd and counterfeit as the funny money the Fed issues. As I said already - the apologetics for central banks' actions are meaningless strings of words, indistinguishable from the grunts and brays of barn animals.
Printing the world's reserve money is the most profitable imaginable business. The idea that this process is governed by angelic beings untainted by the stain of human nature is absurd. While that is not the end of the story, that should be enough to cause anyone to take a second look at what is really going on behind closed doors in the central banks of the world.
@_date: 2019-06-08 20:54:43
The nonce is not used for what you think it is. The nonce field in the Bitcoin block header is only 32-bits. That is about 4 billion possible nonce values. A typical mining rig operates at &gt;10TH/s, meaning, the rig could hash *all* nonce values within about a microsecond.
A raw Bitcoin block can be decoded into the following:
    [block header] [coinbase tx] [0 or more other tx's]
The scriptSig field in the coinbase tx can be used to store some (non-trivial) amount of data and, in practice, this field is what is used to randomize mining. The nonce field is just for use by the high-frequency component of the mining rig, while the randomized portion of the scriptSig is what allows a pool to prevent overlap of mining work. Any sufficiently long random string (128+ bits) will suffice to ensure that all work in the pool is unique.
@_date: 2017-11-26 07:19:28


Only the central bank issues new money. While money expansion occurs in the commercial banking system, this is because of the money-multiplier effect, not because the banks themselves issue new money. There is no comparison between issuing fiat money and manufacturing a real good. Issuing fiat money is done by nothing more than making a ledger entry - quite literally the stroke of a pen or push of a button.


Banking *per se* is not theft, although there are other rules by which to do banking and some of these might be fairer than those that prevail in the Western world (look up Islamic banking, for example). Central banks, however, do steal by printing money. They can do this only by authorization from the State which, of course, views this kind of thing as merely an extension of its power to tax (which nobody seriously contests nowadays).
@_date: 2019-02-20 23:28:38
Yeah because the establishment's financial system is soooo innovative... 
@_date: 2019-12-11 15:51:55
Both are creating inflation by increasing the money supply so they are *economically* identical. But they are legally distinct. In principle, every dollar created by inter-bank loans (money-multiplication or credit-winding) will be paid back and the balances destroyed. New money issued by the Federal Reserve, however, is permanent or, at least, has no intention of ever being withdrawn from the economy.
The reason I'm pointing out this distinction is that Fed apologists frequently try to use the *legal* difference between these two forms of money creation to try to claim they are also *economically* different. You are right that they are economically identical but you're not doing the argument any favors by misunderstanding the legal distinction.
@_date: 2019-12-11 18:49:54




Except for the purposes of disinformation.


of the dollar system.
Not focused on them, simply pointing out that they play an important role in
keeping the public confused about the fact that the Fed and the banking system
is the direct and sole cause of price inflation.




Correct. We're not disagreeing. I'm clarifying the legal distinction in order
for lurkers to be better armed against the widespread disinformation about
how inflation is created by the Fed and the banking system.
@_date: 2017-11-26 07:05:15


No. Crony capitalism is the inevitable byproduct of the State's power to grant favors of all kinds, whether grants of monopoly, zoning favors, tax breaks, tax increases (of competitors or competing industries) and on and on.






In Austrian theory, inflation plays a central role in inducing the business-cycle - this is sometimes called [Austrian business cycle theory]( (ABCT). There are quite a few variants on the basic theory. My favorite presentation of the idea traces back through Hayek to Mises, as explained by Roger Garrison [here]( (view the first PPT, cbm.ppt).
Everyone draws a different line for "maximum useful public spending" but wherever that line is, anything beyond that must be a net loss for the economy. So, unless you think the $4.2T Federal spending is too low, any additional spending (however funded) must be a net loss for the economy.
But the primary damage of inflation does not come from the padding of Federal spending. Rather, it comes from the artificial stimulating effect that it has on the economy. Both Keynesians and Austrians agree that inflation has this stimulating effect. But because Keynesian theory does not properly account for the time-structure of capital (this is explained in the second powerpoint in the above link), it comes to the wrong conclusion about the desirability of this stimulus. The Austrian theory shows how inflation-stimulus results in a simultaneous expansion of both consumer spending *and* capital investment. At first brush, this might sound like a win-win thing - all boats are rising! But the long-run effects are that the economy's capital structure becomes distorted as "increasingly roundabout" methods of production are favored over less roundabout methods of production *without a corresponding real shift in consumer demand*. This distortion is not felt for quite some time because capital (mal)investment requires time to be built and deployed. After the stimulus slows, stops or reverses, however, the effects will be felt. There will be a "cluster of entrepreneurial errors" which is otherwise unexplainable in terms of a "natural business cycle" where there will always be some entrepreneurs who will make incorrect speculations while other entrepreneurs will, in offset, make correct speculative investments and pick up the losses of those who speculated incorrectly (e.g. buying up cheap equipment/facilities at auction). This "cluster of errors" is the result of the secular distorting effect of inflation on the monetary medium (specifically, on interest rates) which is used by entrepreneurs to make speculative calculations. The mainstream point-of-view is that "inflation can simply be discounted in offset" for the purposes of calculation but this fails to really get through to the depth of the problem... once again, because the mainstream view typically sides with the Keynesian theory which fails to properly account for the relationship between time and capital.
In Austrian capital theory, consumer spending, saving (cash hoarding) and capital investment are in an interlocked relationship - capital investment can only increase if it is preceded by a corresponding decrease in consumer spending (and/or saving) from what it could have been. And vice-versa. The only way to stimulate both consumer spending and capital investment is for cash saving to be reduced. This is why Austrian theory is sometimes called a "hard money" macroeconomic theory.


OK, I see the point you were making.
@_date: 2019-06-08 21:28:07
This description would equally apply to virtually everything posted on social media... a grim commentary on the cosmic significance of our species...
@_date: 2017-11-27 03:00:53


I read that. And that's precisely what I said in my previous post. You're so sure that I've misunderstood the subject that you're not comprehending what I've written. In my last post, quote: "You are correct in what you said [that 'We could get rid of the Fed and new money would still be created by banks']". Why are you disagreeing with me agreeing with you??
The wording "Whenever a bank makes a loan, it simultaneously creates a matching deposit in the borrower's bank account, thereby creating new money" is slightly confusing. In the US, a commercial bank can only loan out money up to its reserve ratio which, last I checked, is 10%. So, if the bank has $1B in deposits, it may loan out up to $900M. Some of this expansionary credit could land up on its own ledger, but either way, new money is surely being created. This process can and has occurred in the absence of a central bank. But the necessity for a central bank arises from the inevitable collapse of past banking systems that have attempted to operate with fractional reserves without a lender of last-resort. This is the origin of the phenomenon of "the bank run".


No, you're just not reading what I write or, if you are, you're not comprehending it. I specifically noted that the activity of the commercial banks results in the creation of new money. But the commercial banks cannot add money to their own ledger *de novo*, as the central bank can. The Fed does not have a "reserve ratio". It does not lend from its deposits. When it purchases government bonds in the open market, it does so - by design - with newly created money.


Well, yes, I have a problem with the entire fractional-reserve banking system. The Fed just happens to be the beating heart of that system.


Imagine how awful life must have been for Americans prior to 1913. I wonder how our country even survived for the first 124 years of its history.
@_date: 2019-04-12 16:42:59
Many people are easily duped by the word "stability". In fact, many people think that the regulatory establishment protects the masses from the "instability" that the ultra-rich capitalists would foist upon the world, but for the regulators. Nothing could be further from the truth. Stability means *exactly* what it says -- everything stays exactly the same. Who has the most motivation to ensure that everything stays the same? That's right -- the ultra-rich capitalists that people falsely believe are being hounded by financial regulators. "Who watches the watchmen?" In the case of the global financial system, the fox is literally guarding the henhouse. But the fox has a magic word that makes the hens forget all about this... "stability". We need a *stable* henhouse, so that the fox can ensure he has a regular diet of poultry and eggs.
@_date: 2019-12-11 19:01:26


10%. I.e they can lend out 10x the money they have. Real, hard money that
enters the economy.
I thought this at one point but then I got fact-checked on it. While the *net*
effect of money-multiplication is that 10x the backing gets created through
inter-bank lending, *each, individual* lender is only lending out a portion of
their reserves on hand. It's easy to see through the charade by just working
out inter-bank lending between two banks, say Bank A and Bank B, each having
$1M in initial cash deposits. A "lends" $900K to B who, in turn, can now "lend"
$950K back to A, and so on. In the end, between them, they will end up creating
$20M of credit based on just $2M of initial deposits. As you note, they are
effectively *creating* new money but, at each point in the process, they can
claim to merely be lending out a *portion* of the legal deposits they have on
hand. It's a farce.
@_date: 2019-04-19 23:25:39


Incorrect. This assumes that society somehow has perfect omniscience (arbitrarily far into the future) which, of course, it does not. Without perfect omniscience, there is uncertainty about what is the ideal economic activity (what to invest in, whether to invest). And that's precisely what capital is - it's how you manage uncertainty. Insurance, for example, is just a mechanism for pooling capital in order to mitigate uncertainty. But not all risks can be handled by ordinary insurance. This is why individuals also need to be able to self-insure... also known as *cash on hand*. Your opinion about how much self-insurance John Q Public needs to have is irrelevant since self-insurance is like any other good... its demand is a function of subjective utility.
@_date: 2019-02-03 18:36:16
Bitcoin is the first revision of the Asgardian coin... how else do you think an Asgardian coin can be worth [one gazillion dollars](
@_date: 2019-04-22 04:35:54


You knew the risks... ;)


Hayek's framework has the virtue that it at least takes into account the time structure of capital. Keynes's does not. It can be argued that Hayek's framework is still an idealization of the market economy, having all the problems that come with idealizing real economic agents. But once again, at least we can talk about the supply/demand curves in the labor market when there are changes in liquidity, and vice-versa, something that Keynes's model doesn't handle because it effectively clamps the interest rate and makes wage-rates "sticky downward".


I liked the explosion. I laughed. Clearly, not everybody has the same tastes in dry marcoeconomics humor...


Yeah, this falls more under the umbrella of capital theory (interest rates) but I find that the Hayekian PPF is a good litmus test to separate out the inveterate Keynesians from more rational people. The short version on my view is that liquidity and credit are subject to supply/demand curves, just like any other economic goods even though these curves get "scrambled" when you have a central bank fiddling interest rates. Garrison doesn't go into that subject in depth here, but his book does. I won't bother linking it because I'm sure you wouldn't appreciate his sense of humor there, either...
@_date: 2019-04-21 04:41:07


I understand the view you're expressing. The reasons I don't agree don't really fit in a reddit thread, so I'll point you to [a worthwhile lecture on the subject]( in case you're interested.
@_date: 2019-04-19 16:23:12
^ This. While the banks do benefit from inflation, the primary beneficiary is always the national government.
To be completely clear: "Inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon" (Milton Friedman). In non-economist-speak, this means that inflation is the result of central bank expansion of the money supply ("money printing"), and credit-expansion (inter-bank loan winding)[1]. In other words, inflation is *not* the result of "greedy businessmen jacking up prices".
Update: As a permanent and inescapable tax on savings, inflation is actually a *wealth tax*. Left-leaning people who understand this fact tend to be in favor of inflation precisely because it is a wealth tax. But what many of them fail to understand is that inflation is a *regressive* wealth tax. It hits the middle and lower-middle class the hardest. It is easy to see why this is the case. The effect of inflation spreads through time, it is not instantaneous. This means that the benefits of inflation (cheap credit available to make purchases of goods&amp;services at the lower, pre-inflated prices) are most available to those closest to the central bank (the wealthy &amp; powerful). As the cheaper money spreads from its central source, the benefits fall off quickly and those who get the money last (the typical individual) are left holding the check. They have to pay inflated prices for goods &amp; services with their pre-inflation paychecks which only catch up sometime later. In the words of Hans Hoppe: inflation transfers wealth from the late users of new money to the early users of new money. In an inflation-driven economy, it's not what you own that matters, it's how many degrees of separation there are between you and the central bank.
[1] Technical note: Demand for money (cash balances) can decrease organically, and this will also result in devaluation of the monetary good. But in modern central-banking systems, the demand for cash balances is virtually irrelevant, being swamped by the vastly larger effects of central bank monetary expansion.
@_date: 2019-04-26 20:33:44
This answer wins the thread.
@_date: 2019-12-11 16:21:19


This is incorrect. The M0 money supply measures the total amount of physical currency (literal cash and coin) in circulation. A quick web-search shows that there's about $3T of physical currency. While all of this cash has been quite literally "printed out of thin air", this is actually just a drop in the ocean of the Fed's monetary expansion, as terrifying as that is. The Fed does not issue new physical currency in order to purchase US treasuries which is the primary form of monetary expansion. Rather, the Fed creates new "dollars" on its account ledgers and then uses these to purchase US treasuries. This is what is termed "high-powered money." There are no physical currency notes corresponding to it. Of course, if any other bank or business were to do this, they would go to prison for fraud.
@_date: 2019-04-19 17:10:00
I'm starting a new bank. We write loans using unbacked checks. When our debtors repay their loans, we cancel out the checks (leaving no permanent effect on the economy[1]) and reap the interest, which is pure cream for our investors.
[1] -- actually, it does have a permanent effect because it reduces the market interest on credit, generally, reducing the incentive to save and increasing the incentive to spend/invest. Thus, consumption and investment are artificially stimulated, while savings is artificially suppressed, causing a condition of simultaneous over-investment, over-consumption and under-capitalization, resulting in periodic economic collapses known as the central-bank-driven business cycle. So yeah, there's that. But our investors make stacks of cash. We know what's really important in this world.
@_date: 2019-04-12 18:46:13
I mean, the mad hatters in the circle of "elites" would certainly like to believe that's what they're doing to us. As long as we keep dancing to the tune of "stability", we're continuing to let them get away with eating us alive. Whether that's because they're so clever or because we're so gullible or some combination, I don't know. What I do know is that the solution is simple: stop accepting every word spoken by someone with a fancy title and nice clothing as the Gospel Truth. Think for yourself a little bit and don't get blown around by every fad. Stand up to peer pressure. Have the courage to hold an unpopular opinion if that's what the facts demand. This is not rocket science.
@_date: 2019-04-20 06:05:45


This example is contrived and, in any case, it ignores the laws of supply and demand as it applies to the monetary good, as all pro-inflation theories do.
Consumption and investment never decline to zero. Pro-inflation theories take it as an axiom that *any* decline in investment or consumption is inherently bad... because growth or something. But this ignores the fact that producer goods (e.g. manufacturing equipment) are also subject to supply/demand. Producer goods that are sitting idle or under-utilized are a net drain on the economy and one solution to this problem is liquidation (decline in investment), at least, for any sector where consumer demand has declined. After the automobile was invented, demand for buggy whips drastically declined and the factories and equipment used to make them eventually had to be sold off and re-purposed. Corrections in consumption reflect similar changes in popular demand for various kinds of consumer goods, as well as the tradeoff between consumption and private investment. These shifts are neither "good" or "bad" any more than the reduction in the price of apples during a bumper crop of apples is good or bad. It's just the outworking of market conditions.


Once again, all of this assumes some kind of collective omniscience. Every choice (say, to invest in sector A or sector B) is simultaneously a repudiation of all other options which were *not* chosen. Whenever a sub-optimal choice is made, the opportunity cost of this sub-optimal choice can be defined as the wealth that would have been produced had the more optimal choice been made instead. So, if investing in sector A would have led to a national wealth of $1T but investment was made instead in sector B, leading to a national wealth of $900B, then the opportunity cost of investing in B instead of A is $100B. But "invest in none of the above" is always an *option*, and that option might or might not be optimal, depending on market conditions. Of course, we realize that, when aggregating over the national wealth, the answer is never any *single* investment (unless you happen to be living in the story of *Interstellar*). The point remains, however, that you cannot determine, *a priori*, that the ideal level of privately-held cash balances is zero, whether measured in terms of aggregate wealth or individual wealth.
@_date: 2019-04-19 17:11:26
@_date: 2017-11-19 07:19:55
Yes, it appears that there are some whales that transact very regularly and pay around 1000 sat/byte, probably so they don't have to worry about txns getting stuck. Just read the colors in order from the bottom up or top down. That should help. It's just a generic guide so don't get too focused on it. You can see during the spike how the fee-schedule really spread out into wide bands as each tier of customer began choosing how important they felt their transaction was (click "30d" at the top, to see the last 30 days).
@_date: 2019-12-11 00:23:57
No. Only the Fed issues new dollars (monetary expansion), that is their official charter. The commercial banks cause further expansion of the money supply through credit-expansion. While both forms of expansion are inflationary, only the Fed legally issues dollars *de novo* ("high-powered money", as it is called).
@_date: 2019-12-11 18:56:27
When you take out a loan from a commercial bank, it is backed by that bank's
reserves, whether or not they are on deposit with the Fed. That credit is
now deposited into your bank account as *actual, spendable* dollars. So, it is
false that "it has no function for the general public"; quite the opposite,
it's *only* purpose is for issuing credit to the general public.
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:35:51
As u/maxfact70 has pointed out, you have some misconceptions about how the blockchain works. The blockchain size-growth is [a pretty fixed function]( (when the chain is at full capacity) because of the fixed 1MB block-size (or fixed block-weight in the Segwit era). Bitcoin Core client syncs from the Genesis block but it is possible to code up a fully Core-compatible client that syncs from some later block (storing the UTXO set at that point explicitly in the client). The fact that people keep using Core and haven't switched over to a client that syncs to a later block indicates that this is not yet a serious technical issue. When it becomes that serious, either the Core client will adapt or someone else will write a client that addresses the problem. Because the blockchain size is only growing at O(n) (linear), it is a minor design problem compared to other issues (specifically, the issues surrounding enabling LN). I was hung up on the problem of blockchain size growth for a while but after working through the technical details, I see things in a different light.
@_date: 2017-04-05 06:06:53
"Computer" meant "a person who computes (arithmetic)". Then it meant what we mean by it. "Digital" meant "of or relating to the fingers or the toes." Then it meant what we mean by it. Words are funny that way... their meaning shifts with usage. Anyone who has ever looked up a word in the dictionary knows that many words have multiple, unrelated meanings depending on context. A belt is something you wear around your waist ... or it is something in your engine or vacuum cleaner or it is something in space where asteroids live or it's a region of the world where bananas grow.
Bitcoin is a crypto-currency. Welcome to 2017.  :-)
@_date: 2018-03-22 13:41:36
It was banned in 1897 in Indiana. [True story.]( Men of vision. So far ahead of their time.
@_date: 2018-03-23 16:53:10
You can deduce them from the stored digits. Suppose I set a=0 and b=0xdeadbeef ([hexadecimal]( I enumerate the several billion bits of pi from index 0 to index 0xdeadbeef. Now I know that what was encoded was 0xdeadbeef. By moving a and b closer together, I can encode the value 0xdeadbeef in much less space but I also have to pattern-search through the digits of pi to find the first occurrence of the pattern that I have stored (so I can figure out what a is). So, a and b are stored implicitly, not explicitly.
UPDATE: I didn't invent this idea, by the way, but I've long since forgotten where I first encountered it.
@_date: 2018-03-23 16:46:40
Note that I did not specify the implementation or run-time of `pi_digits()` (encoder) or `pi_index()` (decoder). pi_digits() could be something as simple as enumerating the digits of pi from a to b where a-b=movie and pi_index() recovers movie by searching pi until it recovers a (from which b and movie follow directly, given the stored sequence of pi digits). This is not a reasonable encoding by any measure but it works in theory and that's the only point.
@_date: 2018-03-22 16:51:23


Thanks for pointing that out. I thought I remembered reading once that there was a proof for pi, but it appears my memory was unreliable on that point.
@_date: 2018-03-23 20:50:34
My guess is that this accounts for provably unspendable outputs (for example, OP_RETURN outputs). I don't think that coinmarketcap knows that you lost your Ledger instead of just being a hodler... where would they get that info?
@_date: 2018-02-12 17:07:12
As noted already, just use "sat" instead of "bitcoin" - changing the definition of the bitcoin unit itself is both unnecessary and incoherent.
If you really want to do away with decimal points completely, consider numerating balances in [p-adic]( You can represent whole numbers, negative numbers, and fractions in p-adic without the use of a decimal point or a separate sign symbol. You do need a way to represent repeating digits if you don't want to lose precision due to truncation. For example, 1/3 in 2-adic is an infinitely repeating decimal, but it repeats leftward, not rightward as with ordinary base-10 decimals. P-adic valuation FTW, lol.
@_date: 2018-03-22 22:40:58
The point is that declaring information/numbers "illegal" - regardless of how they are encoded - is absurd. It is absurd no matter what that information represents. Does this mean I am pro-______ where _____ is your nasty-thing-of-choice that people use computers for? Of course not. But it does mean that using the law to ban binary patterns is a pointless exercise in navel-gazing. The key is to realize that problems that arise in the use of information processing systems (computers, media, etc.) are always *symptoms* of deeper social problems. There are solutions to the underlying social problems but banning numbers and patterns is not in the solution set.
@_date: 2018-02-13 21:22:01
Average and expected value are the same in this context.


Systematic bias in experimental results vis-a-vis a model simply demonstrates that the model is incorrect. When you have the correct model, the expected value and the average (assuming stability of the distribution) are identical.
@_date: 2018-03-23 02:15:30
It's the opposite of what I said. For the reading-comprehension-challenged, here's where I specifically denied that:


Pointing out that a social reform program won't work because it is ill-conceived and uses means unsuited to achieving its stated goals (e.g. Prohibition, the Drug War, DRM or stopping CP by "banning" it) doesn't mean you're in favor of the prohibited things. In fact, insisting on continuing to waste scarce resources on applying means unsuited to achieving a given goal - after it has been pointed out that these means are unsuitable and there are better methods available - is a tacit green-light for the targeted social problems. Why? Because there are *effective methods* for addressing those social problems that are being rejected in favor of the application of *ineffective methods*. I have no interest in continuing any further down this rabbit-hole but I can't resist the urge to point the way deeper... in the name of sting operations, the FBI is *far and away* the largest single purveyor of CP. Really think about that for a whole 60 seconds at least before firing off some knee-jerk response.
@_date: 2018-02-13 17:20:32
For the blockchain, the calculation is very straightforward. Simply add up the time-between-blocks for a window of interest (say, all blocks mined from 12Jan2018 to 12Feb2018) and divide by the total number of blocks in that window. That gives you the expected (average, mean) time-between-blocks for that window of time. Assuming constant hash-rate (we know hashing difficulty for that window is constant), the distribution of points around the mean should almost perfectly follow the normal distribution. You can plot the points in a spreadsheet to see a graph of the distribution and you can calculate [the variance of the plotted points]( Supposing that this distribution is normal, we can [directly calculate the ideal distribution from the variance and mean]( If the ideal distribution deviates significantly from the actual data-points, that tells us that the distribution is not truly normal. Changes in the hash-rate, difficulty or even other factors (systematic shift in network latency, etc.) could be the cause.
@_date: 2018-03-22 16:18:47


Size is irrelevant as long as time is not an object (i.e. as long as you can search for an indefinitely long period of time). While any particular sequence of digits *could* be missing from Pi, the probability that this is the case becomes infinitesimal as the number of digits considered approaches infinity. This is because Pi is a provably normal number (every sequence of digits is equally probable). Here is another number that definitely contains every file and every movie ever:
... also known as Champernowne's constant. Like Pi, it is also a provably normal number. With Champernowne's constant, it is trivially true that every file is present. If you squint, you can view Pi as a "pseudo-random scrambled" version of Champernowne's constant. So, when I assert, "The number 1098571045601237846591837256 exists in Pi" - unless I've proved it exists in Pi - I'm really asserting that the probability that this number does *not* exist in Pi approaches zero as the length of the decimal expansion of Pi approaches infinity.
@_date: 2018-02-13 23:58:37
Yes and no. Suppose that to this minute miners had continued to mine blocks at a rate of one every two minutes. It would be clear that something had fundamentally changed in the network (perhaps an astronomical amount of hashing-power had come online). There are outliers and then there are clustered errors - such clusters are *prima facie* evidence that the underlying distribution is no longer conforming to the current model (perhaps it never did). Incoming network traffic to a network under DDoS attack is a great example of this - DDoS traffic can quickly be differentiated from peak traffic patterns because it deviates *too far* from the underlying distribution.
So, yes, a certain amount of outliers must occur (or you don't really have a normal distribution, you have something else) but we can calculate the probability of any given outlier for a given probability distribution - extremely improbable outliers are evidence that the model is broken -- something has fundamentally changed in the process being observed.
@_date: 2017-09-29 15:22:49


In all seriousness, QE *is* destructive - it is just hyper-inflation in slow motion. The idea that we would have been "worse off" if we had not had QE is like saying we would have been worse off if Hillary had been President instead of Donald Trump. Such "alternate universe" hypotheticals are necessarily untestable and, thus, can never rise above a question of opinion.
However, we can enumerate the specific consequences of inflationary policy (of which QE is just a new example), and these consequences are all destructive. The single most notable destructive consequence of inflation is [the business cycle]( which is the cause of the countless depressions and market collapses that have plagued the US economy since the founding of the Federal Reserve.
Veteran Bitcoiners should understand this already but I'm posting this info for reference and for newbies.
@_date: 2018-03-22 15:56:17
Sweet. So now I'm going to re-encode all those pirated movies I own as follows:
    encoded_movie_file = pi_digits(index_of_movie_file);
    // where pi_digits() finds some suitable sub-sequence of the digits of pi...
When my hard drive gets seized by the authorities, I will point out that the drive is just filled with digits of pi which are not, as you said, illegal. But whenever I want to enjoy my sweet, sweet pirate-l00t HD movies, I will just:
    decoded_movie_file = pi_index(encoded_movie_file);
    // where pi_index() is able to recover index_of_movie_file if it is suitably encoded...
... just send the decoded file to VLC player, and enjoy. Then, delete the temporary file to foil the MPAA. Life is good.
@_date: 2017-10-11 01:51:48
I don't want to be a wet blanket but ... people, please, **fully** black out all PII (personally-identifiable information)! This is what the image should have looked like:
In this image:
- The notification bar has been cut away to prevent the services you use from being visible
- The ref code &amp; payment method have been *fully* obscured
- The fee (enough info to probably allow any interested party to find this exact transaction on the blockchain) has been fully obscured
- The purchase day has been obscured
- The total amount of the purchase has been partially obscured; while this still narrows down the search a little bit, it still makes it way more work than it's probably worth to anybody.
Be safe out there, kids... and don't take candy from strangers. :)
@_date: 2017-10-22 16:57:21
Only time will tell. A full node is bearing quite modest costs, especially by comparison to a mining node. There is the cost of storage space for the blockchain (you will want a spare 1TB drive for this, about $150 or so), and there is the cost of spare bandwidth which, if you are like most people, is essentially free since you're already paying your broadband ISP for way more bandwidth than you will ever use in a month. So, it's pretty much a one-time $150, at least until the blockchain becomes much bigger than it is.
If you think about it, "I won't relay this information unless you pay me" doesn't really mesh with the idea of a p2p network. A peer on a p2p network should be eager to relay all information it is passed in the network - if not, why are you even on the network? Think IRC or BitTorrent, for example.
Even if you just have a standard desktop PC, you can still contribute to transaction processing instead of just relaying p2p traffic. Just join a mining pool and contribute your GPU. You won't make a profit (you'll pay more for the electricity than you earn in BTC), but you will be able to know that you are actively contributing to transaction processing (mining-level network security), FWIW.
@_date: 2017-10-23 17:54:56


I didn't make it up, read the New Testament, especially Revelation (e.g. [here]( The Old Testament talks about the new heavens and new earth, as well, but the old prophets make for difficult reading unless you're very familiar with the Bible.


We are all already playing our part in all things. Because we are made in the image of God, our being and essence is eternal and of eternal significance. It is true that all flesh is like grass and withers shortly after it is grown, but humans are not their fleshly bodies.


That is one false hope of eternal life that many, perhaps even most, people will fall for. When he was here on earth, Jesus explained why these other ways to eternal life will not work; see [here]( and elsewhere in the canonical gospels.
@_date: 2017-10-23 19:59:32
It's conceivable. But it really just boils down to faith. Either you believe in God and believe that He speaks to us, or you don't.
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:52:16
No, I did not suggest averaging over a month, I gave a concrete example in order to explain the concept of mean (expected value, average, whatever) and variance (of some distribution) to u/b_lumenkraft. Averaging over a month "works" as well as averaging over a year or a week. Supposing a normal distribution (or something else, for that matter), we can calculate the expected deviation from the root distribution in the sample based on its size - small samples will have high deviation and vice-versa. So, the law of large numbers tells us not only *that* the mean converges as the number of samples/observations/repetitions approaches infinity, it also tells us the rate at which it is expected to converge (assuming some root distribution).
@_date: 2017-10-22 16:36:27
Full nodes can participate in transaction relay (peer-to-peer gossip network) because they can validate the transaction *requests* that they receive (partial nodes, like mobile apps, cannot do this). Note that a transaction request is just a request, it's not an actual transaction on the Blockchain until it gets at least 1 confirmation (and, even then, it is not securely on the Blockchain until it has received more than 1 confirmation, especially if it is a large amount).
Nodes help convey requests from users to each other and to miners. Miners get transaction requests from nodes who, in turn, get them from users. Miners then assemble the requested transactions into a block and attempt to get their block onto the blockchain. This part is a race. Whoever, cracks the next hash (to the specified difficulty) wins the race and wins the right to put their block (along with its transactions) onto the blockchain, garnering any transaction fees *and* being awarded the standard "coinbase" block reward (12.5 Bitcoins as of today).
Nodes play a critical role in the overall p2p network security because they will not relay non-conforming blocks and transactions. Spammers trying to submit spurious transaction requests to miners will have difficulty getting through because no conforming node will relay their requests. Hypothetical spam-miners trying to fool the network with bogus blocks will not be able to fool the network to relay those blocks because full nodes will see that the blocks are bogus and refuse to relay them.
@_date: 2017-10-22 15:10:20
Early users of newly created money are able to purchase goods and services at the old, pre-inflation prices, while late users of new money are only able to purchase goods and services after inflation has driven up prices. Thus, inflation creates a continuous redistribution of wealth from ordinary citizens to the big conglomerates and the leeches suckling at their teats. The destructive effects of inflation go on and on...
[Why the State Demands Control of Money - Hans Hoppe](


@_date: 2017-10-22 16:59:37
2016: Fed prints money, prices rise  
2017: Wages rise  
2018: Fed prints more money, prices rise  
2019: Wages rise  
...  
Do you see the problem?
@_date: 2017-10-29 15:35:06
Lightning Networks = instant payment + no risk
@_date: 2017-10-23 17:13:56
A little OT, but I'll bite.


We each see the world the way we want to see it; stated another way, life becomes to you whatever you believe it is.


There are tons of issues with cryptocurrency right now. Cryptocurrency is not going to save mankind. IMO, it is one of the final building-blocks in the doom of this world. But that is no validation of central banking, it's a view that comes from my religious faith (i.e. mark of the Beast, Revelation, all of that). The people building Bitcoin have genuinely good intentions but, as the old proverb goes, the road to Hell is paved with good intentions. Bitcoin is honest money. But as bad as dishonest central-banking money is, the problem with the world is not a lack of honest money. The problem with the world is spiritual, it goes back to the Garden of Eden. There, man did not feed himself by the sweat of his brow, he was fed by the abundance of God's blessing. After Adam rebelled against God, he was driven from the Garden into this wasteland where we, his descendants, presently live. The present world order is a cosmic ghetto - all of the problems we are facing in this place are unsolvable and inescapable. The entire world, as we know it, must be destroyed and replaced with a new heavens and new earth.
@_date: 2017-10-23 03:00:16


Nonsense. Fiat money is just a continuation of a long tradition of coin debasement going back to at least the time of ancient Rome. The alternative is simple: *don't debase the currency*; don't print unbacked paper money (fiat money).


Alice, Bob and Charlie are stranded in a lifeboat. There is only enough fresh water to sustain two people on the journey back to shore. Alice and Bob vote that Charlie should be thrown overboard. Charlie cannot outvote them because he is the minority. The moral of the story is that democracy does not magically make anything that was voted on OK.




If only the problem were that small.
@_date: 2018-03-22 16:43:01
The digits of Pi is a polynomial-time problem which is the geek-speak way of saying "it is easy to compute the digits of Pi." In fact, you can compute any digit of Pi directly using the [Bailey-Borwein-Plouffe algorithm]( So, if you wanted to know the 2 quadrillionth digit of Pi, [you could find it with the BBP algorithm]( Searching Pi for patterns is a different computational problem and it is not obvious that this problem is easy, even though it is easy to compute the digits of Pi. It could be proved to be easy, however. In other words, as far as I know, nobody knows how to quickly search for a particular pattern in Pi today, but some clever genius could absolutely discover an algorithm to do it tomorrow or at least prove that some such algorithm must exist.
@_date: 2017-10-28 15:04:03
So awesome... Yoda reads r/bitcoin
@_date: 2017-10-22 17:04:26
You should keep your Bitcoins in a wallet that you control (for which you have the private key). Here is a [list of wallets]( pick one that suits your needs... but, please, make sure that *you* control your Bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-10-26 01:49:34
^^^ this
As far as I can tell, Gavin got taken by Wright. As embarrassing as that is, that's the sum of his sins. He even later wrote that he regretted getting involved in the Wright thing in the first place, even though he hasn't recanted his position on Wright. To me, that looks like professional pride (hardly an unpardonable sin) - "I can't have got taken because I'm just not that dumb... but Wright's a f-ing embarrassment of a human being, so I can't go on being associated with him. I regret getting involved in this whole thing." Since when does this make Gavin anything other than a typical human?
@_date: 2017-10-22 17:29:01
Not from where I'm sitting. In any case, you've conceded my point.
And even if it were true that "we're all" getting wealthier, it would still be irrelevant. Even if we could all get wealthy by stealing from one another, it would *still* be stealing (and, thus, immoral). 
The obvious truth is that stealing does not make us all wealthier, it makes the thieves wealthier at the expense of their victims. If a private party prints money, this is called counterfeiting and it is illegal because counterfeiting steals value from all other holders of the currency being counterfeited. But when the Federal Reserve prints money, this somehow magically helps the economy and makes us all richer.
If you could wave a magic wand such that when we all wake up in the morning, everybody's bank account has doubled overnight, every price and wage has doubled overnight and every asset valuation has doubled overnight, this would have no economic effect beyond the slight psychological disorientation as we all get used to the new prices. But that's not at all how inflation works. Inflation starts at a point-source (the central bank who prints the new money) and gradually spreads to the commercial banks, the financial sector (Wall St.), the big corporations and contractors and eventually "trickles down" to the ordinary person in the form of wage increases. The increase in consumer prices and decrease in savings interest rates is felt by the ordinary person almost immediately. Sometime down the road, his wages will go up, as well. In the meantime, wealth is transferred *en masse* from the ordinary person to the big institutions.
@_date: 2018-02-13 16:51:25
We don't know it's normal until we calculate the distribution and see where this blip lies on that curve. I'm pretty sure that this burst would be an outlier. As others have noted, it could be due to new hashing power coming online ahead of the difficulty adjustment.
@_date: 2019-09-02 18:41:14
Thank you for this PSA. Password entropy is not well understood by many people. The key is to realize that computers do not think like humans, so something that seems "hard" to you may be very easy for a computer. Searching through passphrases drawn from every popular book ever written is not a hard task for a computer nowadays.
Here's [my contribution]( to strong passphrase generation, for what it's worth. I last edited the word-list back in 2014. It might have some typos but I'm ~99% sure it's in good shape. If you find any mistakes, please notify me and I will correct them and update this post with the corrected version.
@_date: 2018-02-14 00:38:43


Perhaps. Someone should run the numbers on it (I'm too lazy, so it won't be me) and then we will know what we're looking at. The numbers in themselves don't tell you what happened but they are a data-point that can be combined with a larger overall picture.
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:54:34
As long as at least 1 miner keeps mining BTC classic, it doesn't matter what Segwit2x does.
@_date: 2019-09-18 05:45:50
Wow, so in just two days, they are printing an amount of money roughly equal to the entire market cap of Bitcoin... but Bitcoin is somehow the problem and the Fed is somehow serving the best interests of the public. If people really believe that, I'm in the wrong line of work. I think I'm going to get into real estate and start selling beach-front property in Arizona...
@_date: 2017-10-22 06:49:56
Yep, same here. [Here]( are the Federal Reserve ~~lies~~ stats on food &amp; beverage CPI. Today is 250 and 1998 was 158, according to these numbers, so $20 then bought about $32 worth of groceries today. I was working freight at a grocery store back in 1998 and I would estimate it's closer to 2:1 ($20 then bought about $40 worth today). I also think the quality (for example, produce) has gone down significantly in the last two decades.
@_date: 2017-10-29 15:42:15
Not necessarily. Say I'm a daily customer at Rosie's Taco Shop. We know each other on a first-name basis. I say, "Hey, Rosie, can we just open a payment channel since I come down here every day?" and she says, "Sure, why not?" Now, there is only the initial cost of opening the channel on the blockchain. If I suddenly have to travel out-of-town and can't buy tacos, no big deal, I'll get all my Bitcoins back when the channel closes. But if everything goes to plan, I make 20 or 30 taco purchases for the price of one blockchain tx fee.
In reality, I'll probably never need to do this because the possibility that I could do this means that LN channel carriers can never get away with charging injurious fees. If they try to "monopolize, then jack up fees", people will just start opening their own payment channels and bypass the middle-man. So, LN payment fees are guaranteed to be at market-competitive levels.
@_date: 2017-10-30 02:25:44
Nothing stopping it.
@_date: 2017-09-08 21:32:07
Paper wallet --&gt; Safety deposit box. 
Include step by step instructions on how to access the coins and disclose the dangers of mishandling the wallet (i.e. stolen coins).
List the deposit box in your will, state who it goes to.
@_date: 2017-10-29 17:23:55
The LN itself doesn't lock up funds, rather, it's the payment channel that does this (also called an "encumbrance"). It's the only way you can make off-blockchain transactions and maintain control of your Bitcoins at the same time. Basically, you put X amount of BTC in a hashed time-locked contract and then you transact fractions of that X to the other end of the payment channel. Should the payment channel itself break down for some reason, you just wait until the timelock expires, getting your coins back. It's worth the hassle of encumbering your coins for the following reasons:
- You control how much of your coins are encumbered and for how long
- Because one blockchain Tx enables an arbitrary number of LN Tx, you can cut per-Tx fees to an arbitrarily small amount
- You retain full control over your coins within the LN itself, that is, your coins are not in escrow with someone else. 
- When you spend within the LN, that LN spend is locked in with the same security as the blockchain itself (on the flip-side, when you receive a LN payment, you now fully own those coins).
- Even if there is a dispute after this and the payment channel gets closed, you *still* own the coins that you were paid in the payment channel while it was open.
- You can "chain" transactions along through the LN involving an arbitrary number of parties; this enables all kinds of complicated arrangements but an obvious, simple arrangement is a LN "hub" where many people open a payment channel with that hub and then send LN transactions to each other through that hub (kind of like Western Union, except the cash is never actually in WU's hands).
- You never *have to* use a payment channel or LN; you can always just directly transact on the blockchain. Thus, it cannot "limit" anything, whether flexibility or something else.
@_date: 2019-09-18 14:28:13
Almost all money created by the Fed is a "temporary" "loan" of money that will "destroyed" once the "debt" is repaid. But this is just a fig-leaf over the fact that they're printing money out of thin air.
To see why, consider allowing local Acme Bank to give loans to its customers by simply writing unbacked checks. Since the loans are temporary (they must be repaid after a few years), Acme Bank is not *stealing* from anybody... they're just "temporarily expanding credit to facilitate investment and economic growth." But when they loan out funds with free money (free to them), they are reducing the interest rate that other banks can charge for loans. Investors will tend to move towards the cheapest rate, so other banks have no choice but to lower their interest rate. In turn, this reduces the amount of interest that banks can pay on interest-bearing savings instruments (savings accounts, CDs, etc.)
So, the "average Joe" gets hit in the bread-basket, like always. The fact that Acme Bank's credit expansion is temporary doesn't help anything since the damage is already done when the loans are later repaid. The net effect is that money has been transferred from the interest that would have been paid to customers of competing banks to the coffers of Acme Bank.
The Fed just is Acme Bank and almost all of the monetary expansion it performs is of this kind. Oh, and to add insult to injury, the vast majority of these "loans" will never be repaid, they just get "rolled over" by taking out new "loans" of free money to pay the interest on the old "loans". So, the damage done is not limited to driving down interest (thus reducing savings and artificially over-stimulating investment, causing expansion into unprofitable ventures), they really are just printing cash and handing it over to the US government, along with a lot of complicated paperwork to make it seem to the casual observer like they're not doing that.
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:43:17
Stop putting words in my mouth.
@_date: 2019-09-01 00:58:42
Yeah but theres a fatal flaw in Bitcoin... it has no guarantee that the rich and powerful will stay rich and powerful. Since that's the actually most important thing, f the planet and the role a sound currency would play in saving it.
@_date: 2017-10-24 13:40:26
Same to you.
@_date: 2018-04-17 15:15:54
Altcoins with low market cap require high trust. Bitcoin requires much lower trust. So, LN has not only high speed and low cost, but also low trust requirement.
@_date: 2016-10-21 17:41:09
I'm glad to finally have some validation. Been saying this for years.
@_date: 2017-10-30 13:12:33
So then set up shop and get rich. What's stopping you?
@_date: 2018-04-17 19:53:35
Now that we have [XCATs]( it doesn't even matter which chain has which feature anymore. Use the chain that has the features you want/need and transfer over to Bitcoin when finished. What nobody is talking about is that Bitcoin is acting as the "money of last resort" for the entire crypto space. That's a good thing. That means that the entire crypto space is getting the benefit of highly distributed experimentation (evolutionary variation) with the security benefits of a battle-hardened root (germ line). We don't want to cull the tree since it is no threat to the root and, in fact, ensures that the root is evolving as rapidly as possible given all other constraints.
@_date: 2018-07-30 22:49:32
This is bullish for BTC
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:19:26
such 2003. so art. much wow
@_date: 2019-05-07 23:00:08
Let's look at a [map of Bitcoin nodes]( Any one government in the West could launch a full-spectrum assault on Bitcoin nodes and effectively shut them down in their area. No government has done this, or even threatened it. The dominance of the USD means that the US government has more incentive than anyone else to oppose Bitcoin. Yet the US hosts thousands of nodes. Also, the dominance of the USD means that the EU economic zone has a massive incentive to keep Bitcoin alive, even if they do not themselves adopt its use. As you can see from the map, Bitcoin adoption in EU is huge -- there are more Bitcoin nodes in the EU states (combined) than in the US. If the US government were to suddenly decide to go to war with Bitcoin, we should expect to see EU adoption significantly increase and this could even drive official support for Bitcoin adoption within the EU zone. Even though it's not obvious from the map, Bitcoin is wildly popular in Japan. Once again, if you suppose that both the US and EU went to war with Bitcoin, this would not adversely affect its popularity in Japan. In fact, it might just make it even more popular. Finally, Bitcoin is not the only crypto-currency even though it is the oldest and, doubtless, the most significant. Ethereum, Litecoin and other non-scamcoins are waiting in the wings in the event of some kind of catastrophic attack against Bitcoin. In short, there is no way to stop the emergence of crypto-currency within the status quo.
@_date: 2019-05-17 00:37:29
"'Tis better to have hodl'd and lost than never to have hodl'd at all." -- Alfred, Lord Tennyson
@_date: 2019-05-06 17:49:19
The popular kids are disgusted by the new, ugly, maladjusted freak at school, Satoshi. But the only thing that gets them more Instagram followers is talking about Satoshi and his strange new creations. Fate can be so cruel.
@_date: 2016-07-20 16:31:35
You're a kid. The worst that will happen is someone will tell you to stop doing it. Just do it and don't worry about it.
@_date: 2018-12-20 23:47:17
Last I checked, first amendment (which protects artistic expression per USSC) trumps US code.
@_date: 2019-05-07 14:20:51
Oldie but goodie: [Economist Steven Landsburg: What I Like About Scrooge](
@_date: 2018-12-12 22:00:21
[Quick introduction]( (8 minutes) from Steve Horwitz.
[Almost every Austrian text ever written is freely available in digital form on mises.org.](
The opening chapters of [Human Action]( are excellent.
If you want to really understand Austrian economics firsthand (instead of going off of other people's second-hand summaries), I *highly* recommend [this 11-part series of lectures]( from Hans Hoppe and Guido Hulsmann. This series provides a broad, yet accurate, overview of Austrian economics.
@_date: 2016-07-13 01:01:18
@_date: 2018-12-26 22:33:51
General rant about r/Bitcoin...
I am an observer of Bitcoin (OK, digital currencies) from before there *was* Bitcoin (full disclosure: I do not own any Bitcoin). The only cryptos that existed in those days were in academic papers by David Chaum, or centralized schemes like e-gold, GoldMoney, or Liberty Dollar. That was the state of the Universe circa 2006 when interest in developing a new, distributed, digital currency was starting to bubble up from many corners of the Interwebz.
I see a lot of posts on r/Bitcoin along the lines that, "we (the Bitcoin community) need to do a better job popularizing Bitcoin"... the implication being that if Bitcoin doesn't get popular, it will fail. This could not be further from the truth. The "big idea" behind Bitcoin is that people will naturally migrate to using higher quality money *because it is higher quality*. Fads come and go. Bitcoin is not another Cabbage Patch doll. It's not another Beanie Babies. It's a digital asset that can be instantly and (almost) trustlessly exchanged anywhere in the world, an asset that is not beholden to the policies of any government agency, nor any private entity.
In this way, Bitcoin really is the digital analogue of gold. Of course, it is not *literally* gold because a solar EMP could break the Bitcoin network but not gold. There are some important differences but the analogy is a good one. The importance of monetary gold &amp; silver is that they are monies that rely on laws that cannot be fiddled by governments nor manipulated by private sharks. The laws of physics are immune to the fads of political movements and the schemes of con-men. Bitcoin is built on a different set of laws -- the mathematics of cryptography, the laws of distributed networks and the laws of human action (self-interested actors involved in peaceful exchange) -- but these laws share the property of the laws of physics that make gold &amp; silver such important monetary goods: they cannot be fiddled by government agencies nor by well-resourced private actors.
I am posting this rant because I feel like venting, not because it can change anything. Some people will go on characterizing Bitcoin as just the latest pump &amp; dump scheme. So be it. But those who are using or HODLing Bitcoin because they believe it is possible for a sub-economy to emerge that is based on sound money should understand that the long-run success of Bitcoin has nothing to do with what is *popular*, any more than the laws of physics have anything to do with what is popular. Short of a solar EMP powerful enough to take down the majority of satellites and all other digital electronics, Bitcoin is going to go on being Bitcoin no matter what anybody thinks about it. *That* is why you should hold Bitcoin. The rest of the BS is just line noise.
@_date: 2018-12-27 05:31:43


Except that nothing you said supports this assertion at all.
@_date: 2018-12-13 17:10:56
Pffft, my local strip mall does more business in a day than Bitcoin does ... wait, no it doesn't, Bitcoin is WAY bigger. Phooey on Bitcoin anyway. Damn hipsters and their magic Internet money...
@_date: 2019-05-06 17:26:50
Hey, it's Tywin Lannister, well-known champion of the peoples...
@_date: 2018-12-27 05:46:45
The observation you make is correct, as far as it goes, but it overlooks the fact that even expansionary money can only be printed up so fast without risk of hyper-inflation (cf Weimar republic). Bitcoin cannot claim -- not even the gold market can claim -- to be "free of manipulation". Of course it's manipulated, but so is everything else (by your own admission). That means that the manipulation has to be "spread out" -- they can only manipulate so many things at once. So, I don't think it matters that cryptos get manipulated, what matters is whether they are structurally immune to funny-business. You can't wish more Bitcoins into existence *no matter how many fiat printing presses you have*. And that's the whole point... that is the criterion for a crypto to be structurally immune to funny-business. Bitcoins will continue to be mined at the scheduled rate well past 2100 and there's not a damn thing that the Fed or the alphabet-soup agencies can do about it.
@_date: 2018-12-27 05:37:22
Those are good reasons for people's concerns and I don't encourage people who don't understand technology to invest in Bitcoin. But the value of gold does not *derive* from its commodity uses. Rather, the value of gold, as a monetary good, derives from its use *as a money*. The same thing is true for Bitcoin. Bitcoin doesn't *need* to have a commodity use in order to be sound money. Bitcoin is still volatile because it is not as widely used as the major national currencies (though its market cap has peaked out at levels on a par with the money supplies of some smaller nations). It will become less volatile as it becomes more widely used. As for settlement of payments, Bitcoin *is* exclusive (modulo other cryptos) in that it is truly distributed. Visa/MasterCard are 100% plugged into the global financial surveillance system and national governments can freeze assets anywhere in that system at any time. Not so with Bitcoin. It is truly a "permissionless" payments settlement layer, something that no bank, credit-card or money transmission service can say.
@_date: 2018-12-14 00:22:21
There's really no way to measure this (this is true even for US dollars), so nobody can be certain.
More interesting is to ask (a) how many people use Bitcoin (for something other than HODLing), (b) how widely dispersed are Bitcoin users, and (b) how many different *kinds* of things Bitcoins are used to buy/sell. The answer to (a) is easily in the 10s of thousands, but probably much higher. The answer to (b) is "global, crossing geopolitical boundaries including the East-West divide". The answer to (c), as of 2018, is "countless." People get paid for work in Bitcoins. People buy/sell a wide array of consumer goods through online retail and using a variety of conversion methods (e.g. gift cards).
These questions are important indicators of Bitcoin's robustness. They illustrate that Bitcoin is resilient against many different kinds of localized economic and geopolitical shock factors. Obviously, the more people that use Bitcoin, the more durable its value is. The more geographically widespread that Bitcoin users are, the more resilient it is against economic and geopolitical uncertainty. If country A bans Bitcoin (which is possible for any sufficiently determined and well-resourced national government), this won't destroy Bitcoin because Bitcoin is used by many people in countries B, C, ... Z. Finally, the more different kinds of things that Bitcoin is used to exchange, the more resilient Bitcoin is against localized shifts in demand (exchangeability of Bitcoin). For example, suppose that country X bans the use of Bitcoin for payment of wages or State fees (taxes), this will reduce demand for Bitcoin in that country for *those* uses, but since Bitcoin is used in exchange for many, many other goods and services, this local ban will not spread to a general dip in demand for Bitcoin.
If you were to chart out the rise in these numbers (number of users, geographic spread of Bitcoin users, number of kinds of goods/services exchanged for Bitcoins), the chart would be a classic hockey-stick. In just 10 years, Bitcoin has gone from virtually unusable in exchange for real goods and services to being widely used in exchange all over the globe. That is historically unprecedented.
@_date: 2019-05-06 23:08:39
Bitcoin is uniquely difficult to stop using ordinary regulatory tools.
If you had a global authority that could roam anywhere without resistance from local political authorities and was willing to resort to Saudi Arabian methods of enforcement, sure, such an entity would be able to stop Bitcoin. Even though bitcoins themselves are intangible, the network itself is not. It requires physical computers sending physical signals back and forth so that a block will be mined approximately every 10 minutes and keep extending the blockchain with the longest proof-of-work.
In terms of government response, I think both extremes are very unlikely -- the governments of the world welcoming Bitcoin with open arms, on the one hand, and the emergence of some kind of global black-ops assassination squad targeting Bitcoin miners and node operators. The middle range of responses -- calls for banning, regulation, oversight, haphazard measures taken to make it inconvenient or risky to use Bitcoin, etc. -- are much more likely and have already begun.
However, these mid-range responses are doomed to fail in terms of "stopping" Bitcoin because they are necessarily playing the proverbial whack-a-mole. Of course, BitTorrent is the canonical example of this but it's important to realize that Bitcoin is *much* harder to stop than torrenting. Once a bitcoin address is created with some non-zero balance, it exists in perpetuity as an UTXO. Unlike movies which must be "transported" over the network in order to move (and continue "existing" in the sense of being available to torrent users), bitcoins exist at rest. It is really the wallet private key that is the ontological core of the value associated with the bitcoin balance at any given address and this can, in principle, be simply committed to memory. To confiscate bitcoins thus requires, in extremum, the ability to coercively extract the contents of human memory. Once again, Saudi Arabian methods are virtually guaranteed to work but it seems extraordinarily unlikely that we will see that kind of response to Bitcoin (outside of the few jurisdictions that are already willing to resort to those measures for other kinds of "crimes", such as not being part of a particular religion.)
The miners can't be held responsible for the content/legality of transactions because it is impossible, by construction, to determine those. Similarly, node operators cannot be held responsible for the contents of the blockchain or the mempool. By contrast, torrenters could be sued for having illegal copies of movies on their computers and keeping the network going assumes that these illegal data files are being regularly transferred between peers. Both the mid-range blanket measures and mid-range targeted measures typically deployed by governments have already been proven to fail against a distributed file-sharing service like BitTorrent and it is *much* harder to stop Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-11 10:58:05
The word "correct" in the XKCD password is what inspired me to compile this list because it's too abstract. If you're going to use dictionary-word passwords, then you might as well leverage the visualization of concrete nouns to enhance memorization. I compiled it in about 3 or 4 hours and, looking over it again, I am seeing a couple mistakes (e.g. "knive", should be "knave"). I put it in the public domain so I strongly encourage people to edit/debug/update and repaste it. So far, I find that 7 word passwords are quite manageable... for example, I generated "beast bolt party drive border transom freezer" a week ago and it's quite easy to remember.
@_date: 2013-11-12 10:59:39
I fixed the bugs and updated it. [Here]( is the updated version. Also, [here]( is the source code I used to generate it - this will ease editing/updating for any interested party. I want all people everywhere to use the strongest passwords possible! F-- the NSA!
@_date: 2019-05-07 14:29:49
There are no lost Bitcoin. One day, they will all rise again to dwell forever in paradise with their lord and master, Satoshi Nakamoto.
@_date: 2019-05-13 20:21:26
BITCOIN IS A FAD
@_date: 2013-03-12 16:33:27
Here's one technical solution for your consideration. I had seen immediately that judge.me could be used in combination with cash, gold or silver to implement a Hawala-like money-wire. Each "node" in the network are signatories of a judge.me arbitration contract. The contracts could be pre-paid to ensure participation and rapid resolution. If the money transmission process breaks at any point, it is sent to arbitration. The very fact that it would go to reliably fair arbitration reduces the likelihood that the network would break at any given point, at least for dollar amounts that are not excessively large.
A performance bond can be thought of as an "if-then-else" money transmission. If condition A pertains, then the money is transmitted to Alice. Else if condition B pertains, the money is transmitted to Bob. So, to make a binding agreement, Alice and Bob transmit the bond money to an agreed, neutral party. The neutral party holds the money until condition A or B is met, at which point, he transmits the money in accordance with his role.
Now, there is no reason why judge.me has to be the only available alternative to arbitrate the transmission of the bond money. In fact, there's nothing to prevent using the same mechanism to have performance bond A being made out to the effect of properly executing performance bond B! And there's no reason why all of this could not be done in BTC.
Of course, you will need human arbitration (human judgment... judge.me-style) backing it all up. But as the size of the market grows, I see no reason why competitors would not naturally enter the market. And one of the nice aspects of "mechanizing" as much of the system through BTC-based performance bonds is that arbitrators would not likely be arbitrating the details of original agreements - such as whatever it was that Alice and Bob had been agreeing to do. Rather, arbitrators would only be called to step in to handle a breakdown in execution of performance bonds. It will be very difficult for the State to make the case that you are facilitating some vicious activity or another when all your arbitrators are doing is saying, "Yes, we find that he didn't deliver the money by the agreed date, so he defaults on this bond."