@_author: clear_list
@_date: 2017-05-23 06:06:35
What a disgusting thread and I can't believe how much support this has gotten... it's scary.
I've looked into this a lot, it's both fascinating and frightening and reminds me to never get into the whole drug/dark market shit, you lose your whole sense of reality.
This guy was just normal, as time went on he tried becoming a kingpin, an ex-member on silkforums left and mr peaceful over here decided he knew to much and got a hit on him... for $50K.
Also he tried getting a hit on someone else to recover some stolen bitcoin, they told him he had a family of 4 so they could kill him but not retrieve the stuff, so mr peaceful offered them $500k to take them out, this is seen when the FBI got him.
Also he was stupid, he legit got caught because he posted his public email on bitcointalk forum while using illegal ID with that same name. 
Drugs is one thing, getting people killed though? Disgusting. I'll  stick to the normal shit, this stuff is way to dark, makes you question so much stuff, dude just lost all regards to human life once he had a bit of power.
Oh and did I mention he ordered the person he got killed to be tortured first and then murdered?
Edit; been 3 years since I heard about this: apparently he didn't have anyone killed as he was talking to an undercover agent, just as bad though, the dude was telling the agent to kill and torture those people
The "first" one was documented as well... his employee got popped and stole money, he first contracted to have him beat up and the money returned, then reconsidered and asked for the killing, paid 1/2 upfront by wire and upon "completion" paid the other half.
Unfortunately for him, the person he was conspiring with was law enforcement, and the "proof' he received was staged photo's. But they obviously satifisfied him, because he went ahead and sent the second batch of money and believed he had accomplished the hit (since, when attempt number 2 came along, he referred to the prior attempt).
If his crime was running SR, I'd feel a little bad for him. But he eclipsed that; the only reason that those two people are alive today is because he unknowingly conspired with law enforcement and not real hitmen.
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:30:26
Lol wait you actually believe that?
So you believe that all of it isn't true because his DEFENCE team said so? The people who's job it is is to try and make him look innocent?
Use logic... who would get access to DPR's account and instead of accessing the billion worth of data and bitcoin they try and frame him for murder for hire ? That makes sense, like two different times...
You seriously believe his account got breached twice and the person responsible tried framing him for that? TF?
He was actually convicted too and serves life with no parole, the only reason they couldn't convict him for all of that is because he was so anonymous online, it was too hard to convict, that doesn't mean he didn't do it, everyone knows he did.
He was speaking to UC cops about trying to assassinate ex-vendors, if they weren't UC they wouldn't be alive today.