@_author: clevedog
@_date: 2014-11-29 06:43:50
How would you go about using one of these rings for btc storage? I've heard about people injecting NFC transmitters into their skin, this seems a little less invasive...
@_date: 2014-11-29 05:20:56
A little background: I have been a long time holder and btc software dev for a while now, but haven't really experienced the consumer side of things.  My goal was to do 100% of my christmas shopping with btc, and I succeeded with one or two bumps in the road.  
I went down the list of bitcoinblackfriday, picking up 3for2 trezors, hot sauce, and some high quality scotch for friends.  I also got a few jewelry items from reeds.com.  These purchases were a complete breeze because each company had built-in coinbase or bitpay checkouts.
I used gyft.com for a lengthy list on amazon.com and two items from lord and taylor.  Amazon worked well, although I felt like the consumer experience of buying a gift card with bitcoin to apply on another site right away is not what we should have to do...  
Now on the negative side, Lord and Taylor was a terrible experience, they only let you apply 2 gift card codes, and one of my gift card codes kept reporting a zero balance.  I am in talks with support at gyft, but I am not sure what can be done.  This is my biggest fear with bitcoin from the consumer point of view: one makes a purchase, things do not go well (a technical glitch on the gyft or lords side of things), and there is really no recourse for the consumer...
So all in all a very pleasant day, but one very large and very negative reminder that we must make this system as consumer friendly as possible if we wish bitcoin to succeed in this area (I acknowledge there are many avenues of success for bitcoin, this just happens to be a very public one...).
Happy  everyone!
edit: I just realized I completely forgot overstock accepts bitcoin.  I should have checked there for a number of these items I used gyft for first, I am sorry I let you down overstock!