@_author: cliffotn
@_date: 2016-12-26 23:18:44
Most folks I know use their credit card and pay it off right away.  I pay mine off every two weeks, just because I like to go in an watch my CC spending, while I'm in my account online, I'll just click a few buttons and pay the balance.  
There are many activities which though possible, are at times painfully inconvenient without a credit card.  Renting a car, staying at a hotel, ordering takeout food.  Sure you can do this with a debit card, but really THAT is the financially foolish decision.  If you want to rent a car with a debit card, they'll put a BIG ASS hold on your balance.  That's just fucking stupid.  Use a CC and it's a non issue.  Same with a hotel.  
Also if you use a debit card you're on the hook for fraud, and even if not - now you have to FIGHT to get YOUR MONEY BACK, where with a credit card, you get to say "NO!  That wasn't me!", and the CC company has to fight you go get money (if they think you're full of shit).  
I haven't paid a penny in CC interest in probably over 25 years.  Mose regular ole middle class folks, and wealthy have and use their credit cards all the time, and most of us pay those off immediately.  Credit card companies love us, as we generate swipe fees at the retail sale.  
The assertion that by default one using a credit card is bad with money is just plain wrong, and almost sounds more like a troll than a real opinion.    
edit:  Let's add to the great reasons folks have and use a CC is a corporate expense account.  The days of the company credit card are over.  They still exist, but generally they're really quite rare today.  So you pay with your CC, do your exp report, get reimbursed, and everybody's happy (and I keep the air miles).
@_date: 2016-12-26 23:21:16
I think you may debating with a kid who doesn't understand how a CC really works.  Seriously.  Nobody thinks that by using a CC one is carrying debt.  You, like me probably pay your CC balance off all the time, never paying a cent in interest.  
That or a troll, whose goal is to say stupid shit to see how folks react.  
