@_author: climaxedmyblueband
@_date: 2016-01-21 18:11:27


They have many.  Most of the important ones in the U.S. are in NYC and Chicago that I am aware of.  Plus a few scattered around the country Dallas/Houston/SF/Seattle.  Not sure if there is a significant center in Miami, but there could be.   
Briefly work for them a while back.  It was fucking hell.  90% of their IT staff are fucking fresh-off-the-boat H-1B Indians, and I was always on the phone at 3am with system admins in Singapore who also could barely speak English.  Every single change to a production system had to be signed off by at least eight people and scheduled at least four days in advance.  And if you ended up not getting everything exactly right in telling the admins what to do (like literally they just sat at the keyboard and did everything verbatim as written in the change order) then it was a fucking nightmare to convince them to do something slightly different or it would have to wait till next week.  But it was never next week, because you could never have some systems down when other systems were being worked on, so this might delay release for weeks.  And often times this was for simple shit like patching their systems.  But then along came another crew who decided they were going to start patching when they felt the systems needed patching, so  they would just randomly shut down everything at 3am unless you told them days before hand not to fucking do that, so we had to have a fucking team just scheduling patching or, better yet, just fucking rebooting systems because there was an edict that shit had to be rebooted if it had been running for so many days or more.
I mean, yes I realize it was a bank. I completely understood why there were so many layers of bureaucracy and security and eyeballs looking at every change being made.  But fuck me...  I was just coming from an environment where I was a systems administrator and had root/admin access to all of our prod/qa/dev machines.  Hell, I probably built half of them.  So if I needed to make a change, I'd just do it.  Of course eventually as we grew from a few servers to a few hundred, this practice brought on a different set of problems.  Between the handful of sysdmins in the company, our systems became a configuration mess.
@_date: 2016-01-22 15:01:44


My inner-jew says no, that this is terrible marketing.  
I'd argue this more, but he's also telling me to go get a bagel with cream cheese before the others get them.  So, like always, he is right.
@_date: 2016-01-22 14:48:43
in Spain with him half awake without a Gods notion where he is dos huevos estrellados senor Lord 
the cracked things come into my head sometimes itd be great fun supposing he stayed with us why 
not theres the room upstairs empty and Millys bed in the back room he could do his writing and 
studies at the table in there for all the scribbling he does at it and if he wants to read in bed in the 
morning like me as hes making the breakfast for I he can make it for 2 Im sure Im not going to take 
in lodgers off the street for him if he takes a gesabo of a house like this Id love to have a long talk 
with an intelligent welleducated person Id have to get a nice pair of red slippers like those Turks 
with the fez used to sell or yellow and a nice semitransparent morning gown that I badly want or a 
peachblossom dressing jacket like the one long ago in Walpoles only 8/6 or 18/6 111 just give him 
one more chance 111 get up early in the morning Im sick of Cohens old bed in any case I might go 
over to the markets to see all the vegetables and cabbages and tomatoes and carrots and all kinds of 
splendid fruits all coming in lovely and fresh who knows whod be the 1st man Id meet theyre out 
looking for it in the morning Mamy Dillon used to say they are and the night too that was her 
massgoing Id love a big juicy pear now to melt in your mouth like when I used to be in the longing 
way then 111 throw him up his eggs and tea in the moustachecup she gave him to make his mouth 
bigger I suppose hed like my nice cream too I know what 111 do 111 go about rather gay not too much 
singing a bit now and then mi fa pieta Masetto then 111 start dressing myself to go out presto non son 
piu forte 111 put on my best shift and drawers let him have a good eyeful out of that to make his 
micky stand for him 111 let him know if thats what he wanted that his wife is I s 1 o fucked yes and 
damn well fucked too up to my neck nearly not by him 5 or 6 times handrunning theres the mark of 
his spunk on the clean sheet I wouldnt bother to even iron it out that ought to satisfy him if you dont 
believe me feel my belly unless I made him stand there and put him into me Ive a mind to tell him 
every scrap and make him do it out in front of me serve him right its all his own fault if I am an 
adulteress as the thing in the gallery said O much about it if thats all the harm ever we did in this 
vale of tears God knows its not much doesnt everybody only they hide it I suppose thats what a 
woman is supposed to be there for or He wouldnt have made us the way He did so attractive to men 
then if he wants to kiss my bottom 111 drag open my drawers and bulge it right out in his face as 
large as life he can stick his tongue 7 miles up my hole as hes there my brown part then 111 tell him I 
want LI or perhaps 30/ — 111 tell him I want to buy underclothes then if he gives me that well he 
wont be too bad I dont want to soak it all out of him like other women do I could often have written 
out a fine cheque for myself and write his name on it for a couple of pounds a few times he forgot to 
lock it up besides he wont spend it 111 let him do it off on me behind provided he doesnt smear all 
my good drawers O I suppose that cant be helped 111 do the indifferent 1 or 2 questions 111 know by 
the answers when hes like that he cant keep a thing back I know every turn in him 111 tighten my 
bottom well and let out a few smutty words smellrump or lick my shit or the first mad thing comes 
into my head then 111 suggest about yes O wait now sonny my turn is coming 111 be quite gay and 
friendly over it O but I was forgetting this bloody pest of a thing pfooh you wouldnt know which to 
laugh or cry were such a mixture of plum and apple no 111 have to wear the old things so much the 
better itll be more pointed hell never know whether he did it or not there thats good enough for you 
any old thing at all then 111 wipe him off me just like a business his omission then 111 go out 111 have 
him eying up at the ceiling where is she gone now make him want me thats the only way a quarter 
after what an unearthly hour I suppose theyre just getting up in China now combing out their 
pigtails for the day well soon have the nuns ringing the angelus theyve nobody coming in to spoil 
their sleep except an odd priest or two for his night office or the alarmclock next door at cockshout 
clattering the brains out of itself let me see if I can doze off 1 2 3 4 5 what kind of flowers are those 
they invented like the stars the wallpaper in Lombard street was much nicer the apron he gave me 
was like that something only I only wore it twice better lower this lamp and try again so as I can get 
up early 111 go to Lambes there beside Findlaters and get them to send us some flowers to put about 
the place in case he brings him home tomorrow today I mean no no Fridays an unlucky day first I 
want to do the place up someway the dust grows in it I think while Im asleep then we can have 
music and cigarettes I can accompany him first I must clean the keys of the piano with milk whatll I 
wear shall I wear a white rose or those fairy cakes in Liptons I love the smell of a rich big shop at 7 
l/2d a lb or the other ones with the cherries in them and the pinky sugar 1 Id a couple of lbs of those 
a nice plant for the middle of the table Id get that cheaper in wait wheres this I saw them not long 
ago I love flowers Id love to have the whole place swimming in roses God of heaven theres nothing 
like nature the wild mountains then the sea and the waves rushing then the beautiful country with 
the fields of oats and wheat and all kinds of things and all the fine cattle going about that would do 
your heart good to see rivers and lakes and flowers all sorts of shapes and smells and colours 
springing up even out of the ditches primroses and violets nature it is as for them saying theres no 
God I wouldnt give a snap of my two fingers for all their learning why dont they go and create 
something I often asked him atheists or whatever they call themselves go and wash the cobbles off 
themselves first then they go howling for the priest and they dying and why why because theyre 
afraid of hell on account of their bad conscience ah yes I know them well who was the first person 
in the universe before there was anybody that made it all who ah that they dont know neither do I so 
there you are they might as well try to stop the sun from rising tomorrow the sun shines for you he 
said the day we were lying among the rhododendrons on Howth head in the grey tweed suit and his 
straw hat the day I got him to propose to me yes first I gave him the bit of seedcake out of my 
mouth and it was leapyear like now yes 16 years ago my God after that long kiss I near lost my 
breath yes he said I was a flower of the mountain yes so we are flowers all a womans body yes that 
was one true thing he said in his life and the sun shines for you today yes that was why I liked him 
because I saw he understood or felt what a woman is and I knew I could always get round him and I 
gave him all the pleasure I could leading him on till he asked me to say yes and I wouldnt answer 
first only looked out over the sea and the sky I was thinking of so many things he didnt know of 
Mulvey and Mr Stanhope and Hester and father and old captain Groves and the sailors playing all 
birds fly and I say stoop and washing up dishes they called it on the pier and the sentry in front of 
the governors house with the thing round his white helmet poor devil half roasted and the Spanish 
girls laughing in their shawls and their tall combs and the auctions in the morning the Greeks and 
the jews and the Arabs and the devil knows who else from all the ends of Europe and Duke street 
and the fowl market all clucking outside Larby Sharons and the poor donkeys slipping half asleep 
and the vague fellows in the cloaks asleep in the shade on the steps and the big wheels of the carts 
of the bulls and the old castle thousands of years old yes and those handsome Moors all in white 
and turbans like kings asking you to sit down in their little bit of a shop and Ronda with the old 
windows of the posadas 2 glancing eyes a lattice hid for her lover to kiss the iron and the wineshops 
half open at night and the castanets and the night we missed the boat at Algeciras the watchman 
going about serene with his lamp and O that awful deepdown torrent O and the sea the sea crimson 
sometimes like fire and the glorious sunsets and the figtrees in the Alameda gardens yes and all the 
queer little streets and the pink and blue and yellow houses and the rosegardens and the jessamine 
and geraniums and cactuses and Gibraltar as a girl where I was a Flower of the mountain yes when I 
put the rose in my hair like the Andalusian girls used or shall I wear a red yes and how he kissed me 
under the Moorish wall and I thought well as well him as another and then I asked him with my 
eyes to ask again yes and then he asked me would I yes to say yes my mountain flower and first I 
put my arms around him yes and drew him down to me so he could feel my breasts all perfume yes 
and his heart was going like mad and yes I said yes I will Yes. 
@_date: 2016-01-21 18:00:47
Look idiots, what's the point of spending money just to be antagonistic?  He has a different point of view than you.  Fine.  It's a free fucking country, he's welcome to have his reasons why he thinks BTC will not become a serious financial instrument.^*  
If you want to spend your money on a billboard at a financial conference, spend it on something that actually promotes BTC advantages, and implants into the minds of the attendees of why they SHOULD take it seriously, and why they should become more involved in it.  
And honestly, do you really want someone like Jamie Dimon, who has direct personal ties to the people who can make the decisions to foster substantial regulation against Bitcoin, to take a more personal dislike to the Bitcoin community?  Why?  What's the point of antagonizing a potentially powerful enemy?   Spend your efforts in converting the tens of thousands of other people in the financial community to support BTC.  Get them on your side, so that they also would join the fight against potentially harmful regulations.
Cut it with the "us vs them" hogwash, and instead promote a "We are new and provide value, let's work together so everyone is better-off." marketing angle.    This shit is just childish crap, and should really have no place being supported in our community.  
^\* And yes, in the grand scheme of things, BTC is not a serious financial instrument.  It occupies a very small droplet in the value of all global financial instruments.  Hell, it's even a slightly larger droplet when looking at the value of all global currencies.
@_date: 2016-01-22 14:54:25


Yes, I LOLd
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:47:33
Because it's just childish.  You know what most of those professional folks though, "Hahahaha that's cute.  They could pay for a billboard."
@_date: 2016-01-21 21:34:59


Dimon has already said that he sees potential in the blockchain technology.  Is this person working on something using blockchain or something related to bitcoin or any other alternative currency?