@_author: clintehrlich
@_date: 2019-09-18 07:09:01
Proven in a Sybil-free toy environment in Section 5. Extended to a realistic environment with Sybil attacks in Section 7.
@_date: 2019-09-18 06:00:14
Care to specify which assumptions in the paper are faulty? There are some simplifying assumptions in e.g. the Arrow-Debreu environment, but they don't materially affect the core results.
It may seem like "common sense" to you that PoS is inferior to PoW, but it's not a self-evident proposition to computer scientists. The Ouroboros paper previously has been accepted in academia as establishing equivalent security guarantees. We've pointed out novel holes in the formalism they employ. 
In the process, we shed new light on exactly why Nakamoto consensus was brilliant, but also formalize some of its game-theoretic limitations. You don't have to agree with the latter to find something of value in the former.
I suspect Satoshi will silently applaud our new insights into exactly why his invention works as well as it does, even if he roots for us to fail in building a competing protocol. May the better technology win.
@_date: 2019-09-18 06:34:50
Thanks for taking the time to read the paper! There's a lot that was misunderstood, but that's understandable. It's not an easy read, and I can tell that you made a good-faith effort.
To respond to your points:
1. KRNC will use on-chain governance, so consensus and meta-consensus (i.e, consensus on the rules of consensus) share security guarantees. 
2. We do explain exactly how balance data is obtained, and we've already performed closed-beta testing forking balances from major U.S. banks onto a permissionless ledger. 
3. The system isn't based on the U.S. Dollar. That is just a convenient way of specifying relative weights. But you can use any other currency as a numeraire. Think of it this way: Whatever the value of the fiat money you have in the bank at the "time of the fork," is the amount of transferable weight you receive in the system. 
Anyway, thanks again for taking a look! Most fans of BTC have not been willing to do that much. :) As you will see in Sections 7 and 8, the goal of the paper is, in a sense, to write the protocol that we believe Satoshi would have created if he'd had access to another 10 years of empirical data and improved game theory.