@_author: clixboss2
@_date: 2018-09-18 22:37:13
 Do you want to know who is satoshi? bit(bits and bites the food) coin(Mario 64) Satoshi Nakamoto derived from the credits at end of Mario 64, a Japanese game. Honestly I forgot I wrote the paper until earlier this year, I moved around a lot and had a lot of experiences to keep track of, but i made my first dollar off bitcoin in third grade in 1999 at the time i wrote the paper. The million bitcoin that was owed was referring to 1 million bits and bites as i was at school without a lunch. Satoshi nakamoto was at the top where my name should of been but i signed it anonymously.The algorithm or variable or whatever i used was inflation times total dollars of world divided by population or in a different order plus security coding which i didn't know , it was a while ago. But if you want to know him you won't get any closer than this message.100% it was me . I'm working on something new, but i think the only way to prove it is to make a billion $ again which I think is possible since I'm only 27 Years of age.I've been seeing it a lot everyone one wants to know, I'm not lying I'm curious what would you do if you had 1 million bitcoins, i would shut down some farms and provide protein alternatives, also it is not legal to tax a global currency don't worry you do not have to pay taxes they lie to you so lie to them their is no proof of owning bitcoin. As long as your under the radar and don't get your device seized . It's not like their taking the bitcoins and giving it back to the country it came from right? 
@_date: 2018-09-18 12:55:30
Do you want to know who is satoshi?  bit(bits and bites the food) coin(Mario 64) Satoshi Nakamoto derived from the credits at end of Mario 64, a Japanese game. Honestly I forgot I wrote the paper until earlier this year, I moved around a lot and had a lot of experiences to keep track of, but i made my first dollar off bitcoin in third grade in 1999 at the time i wrote the paper. The million bitcoin that was owed was referring to 1 million bits and bites as i was at school without a lunch. Satoshi nakamoto was at the top where my name should of been but i signed it anonymously.The algorithm or variable or whatever i used was inflation times total dollars of world divided by population or in a different order plus security coding which i didn't know , it was a while ago. But if you want to know him you won't get any closer than this message.100% it was me . I'm working on something new, but i think the only way to prove it is to make a billion $ again which I think is possible since I'm only 27 Years of age.I've been seeing it a lot everyone one wants to know, I'm not lying I'm curious what would you do if you had 1 million bitcoins, i would shut down some farms and provide protein alternatives, also it is not legal to tax a global currency don't worry you do not have to pay taxes they lie to you so lie to them their is no proof of owning bitcoin. As long as your under the radar and don't get your device seized . It's not like their taking the bitcoins and giving it back to the country it came from right?
@_date: 2018-11-20 19:59:06
I have big plans for my currency, including automatic debit and credits depending on behaviour,by viewers who vote all circulating around satellite security viewers
@_date: 2018-11-20 19:52:28
It is suppose to make life easier, I actually cried when I was writing it
@_date: 2018-11-20 19:51:06
I beg your pardon sir but he is not
@_date: 2018-11-21 14:19:53
yes i fixed it with Grammarly sorry for the errors