@_author: clockworkaeroplane
@_date: 2019-07-20 09:25:22
Yeah, that'll exist.
@_date: 2019-07-20 09:20:32
I would say that that is assured, and is only more likely to continue as the geopolitical situation continues to suck.
@_date: 2019-07-20 09:24:09
I don't think it is. In fact, I expect it'll all end sooner rather than later, because all it really takes to destroy it is for developed countries who don't like it to declare it illegal. They'll give us/you (I'll likely be out of it by then) 6 months or something to cash out and the value plummets, and after that, if they ever find that you're holding crypto, you get taxed to death/charged with evasion or something. 
The US, especially, could wipe BTC out tomorrow if it wanted.
@_date: 2019-07-20 09:18:45
Pretty sure they already are. That's why I started getting interested. All the philosophy, the tech itself—all that—totally uninteresting to me. I don't agree that most of the "problems" that Bitcoin solves are even problems, and I think fiat is more valuable because it is essentially economy/military points. 
However, when the USD starts slipping as a reserve currency, and/or you're a reasonably wealthy country on the outs with the US (Russia, Iran, China), then how are you going to move your money around through global markets? How are you going to hedge your own currency?
Bitcoin, because it's gotten big, is a viable alternative there. Not because fiat is pointless, but because the USD is not very attractive anymore.
In fact, I think the massive run-up to the ATH was probably national investment, upon which speculators piled, and then sold at $20k, bringing it back down, and governments reduced their exposure.
The two big spikes this year?
The first one coincided with the collapse of Trump's China trade deal.
The second coincided with the beginning of some hostilities with Iran.
Basically, when a reasonably wealthy country sees that the US isn't going to work with them, the country and/or the wealthy people in it, are buying Bitcoin.
Bitcoin, I think, is a shadow yuan, rial, and ruble. It's the anti-dollar.
@_date: 2019-07-18 06:11:43
Q: Could I have your first name?
A: ...Mel?
Q: Mel? Short for...?
A: Tem?
Q: Mel... tem.
A: Uh, yes! That's my name! Mel... tem. Meltem.
Q: Oh-kaaayyy... "Mel... tem." And your last?
A: You need a last name, too???
Q: Yes please.
A: Uhh... De... De... Mirror... s? 
Q: De Mirrors.
A: Yes. One word. Demirrors.
Q: So "D", "E", "M", "I", R", "R"—
A: One "R".
Q: (sigh) Okay, "D", "E", "M", "I", one "R", "O", "R", "S"?
A: Yup! That's my name! "Meltem Demirors." At your service. "Meltem." "Demirors."
@_date: 2019-07-23 11:08:48
That's an independent operator. They aren't crooks or anything, but... prices can be surprising.
But seriously, don't take cabs in Japan unless you're in a group. They are clean, polite, comfortable... and you pay for it.
@_date: 2019-06-01 00:19:04


\*Milk spurts out nose.\*
@_date: 2019-06-01 00:21:58
Honestly, the last one is the best. Sometimes I see people here wondering what they'll do with the money they've made on BTC. If it were me, I'd take a bunch out of it and start buying land in northern/southern climes.
@_date: 2019-05-14 14:28:31


*Only if it can be turned into useful money granted by a government.*
All it would take for BTC to fall apart would be a major country like the US saying, "It is illegal to sell bitcoin" to destroy bitcoin, okay?
Does anyone talk about how many bitcoin they have? No. They talk about its value in fiat currency, because fiat currency, whether you like it or not, is real money, backed by an economy, a government, a military.
The moment the US outlaws BTC, it's over. China outlawing it would be pretty bad, too, but I think most Chinese holders are doing so as a way to get money out of the country. You can't actually transfer money out of China unless you're a special person. Believe me; I do business with China. There was a fuckup (not in our org) where a payment that was meant for my office (Japan) went to the Chinese office. We had to get a former Chinese general to get the money sent to us, and he was pissed because of the favors he had to pull in.
That guy is a fucking tool with nosehair so long you could braid it, so I don't care that he had a bad time.
But the fact of the matter is that I think that wealthy Chinese people use BTC as a way to have a real currency, since the RMB/CNY is Monopoly money (pun intended). The moment they can't trade it for a more useful currency (like USD), the game's over.
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:52:56


Sure, but the issues are:
1. The tech for it is not going to exist in your lifetime.
2. The economics for it won't look good for much longer.
You are likely right that *someday* space mining might be a thing, but I am almost certainly right that that won't be until all of us are very long dead and gone. It doesn't matter if you're right on a planetary time scale; that's irrelevant to any discussion of living people's finances.
@_date: 2019-05-14 14:19:46
Bingo. That's why I bought in. Well, that and seeing some correlations between international economic events and rises in BTC. 
The fact that Sherman said that just confirmed what I thought I was seeing.
@_date: 2019-05-14 14:01:32
I just bought my first pet BTC the other day. In the time I started setting up the account and verifying identity and linking to my account, the stupid thing went from $6k to $7.5k, but I thought "whatever; it'll go up or it won't," so I bought one anyway.
Then it dropped back to $6k within like an hour.
So being in the black after a couple days is nice, but there's no fucking way I'm going to make this a big part of my portfolio. Some econ guys I follow on Twitter, who have demonstrated to me that they aren't flexing BTC-bros have convinced me to at least take BTC a little more seriously.
I still think it's pointless for transactions.
I still think it solves exactly no problems for normal people.
I still think there is major risk of being outlawed or something.
But what changed was me realizing that the consumer value argument was irrelevant. Very wealthy Chinese people are going to be shoving their money into this to try to avoid the Chinese economic shitstorm that's coming with Trump's tariffs or not. The Chinese economic numbers have been bullshit for 20 years plus, and although the growth has indeed been there, it's been mostly centered on a new cadre of insanely wealthy people (Shanghai is the shittiest city with the largest percentage of exotic autos you've ever seen) who have been fleecing "first-world" countries like the US *and* their own rural countrymen for 20 years. They are in a bad position now, and will need some way to make their (ill-gotten) wealth portable. BTC is going to be a big part of that.
Add to that the disruption of the Trump global trade re negotiations, and you get all sorts of people not comfortable with using the USD as a reserve currency—including governments.
Add to that the fact that some countries like Iran are fucked as long as the USD exerts hegemonic control of the world markets, and they are looking for someplace else to park wealth.
Add to that that the entire Silly Con Valley is a fucking scam that is headed to a correction to end all corrections (I got into BTC through TSLAQ)—Seriously, as a member of the Apple ecosystem... A trillion dollars? Are you fucking kidding me? And yet they can't make a keyboard that works or release a workstation that anyone wants? They think the future is "bad Dropbox," "bad Spotify," and now "bad Netflix?"—And I see the USD tanking sooner rather than later. And I can't be the only one.
Where are you going to park your money? Someplace that dumb shit can't touch it. BTC.
All that being said...
I'm still long Oceania and gold. BTC is basically a hobby. All the big money was made years ago, before I understood who BTC was really for...
Governments or people with the financial power of them.
@_date: 2019-05-14 14:08:22


Yes... "Once" it reaches five times its top value.
@_date: 2019-05-14 14:20:46
Why not both?
And what makes you think they aren't intimately related?
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:53:53


@_date: 2019-05-14 14:09:49
\*stifled laughter\*
@_date: 2019-05-17 00:55:50
And Uber is an exploitative cash-burning machine that runs over bicyclists.
The Boomers accrued wealth because the US was the last man standing after WWII. We're in a period of global economic correction and a move to a multipolar (likely just bipolar) economic/political world. China announced that they'd like to fleece the US 25 years ago, and the US oligarchs head "ka-ching." We handed them our riches in return for $10 coffee makers, and they put that money into their military and "goodwill" investment in other countries.
The Western growth story is over, and it doesn't matter what arbitrary "generation" happens to be in their 30s.
@_date: 2019-05-14 14:30:25
That is a meaningless string of words.
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:42:45
Gold's value goes up when markets go down, because governments invest in it. It doesn't really make any exciting price moves, but it does hold its value very well. It's not a great investment, in terms of performance, but it is a very good place to park money and not lose any.
Index funds are great when an economy is growing, but (even though I remind people that fiat continues to be "real" money, and, I think, will continue to be so for the foreseeable future) that growth right now is (IMO) illusory based on QE that's been going on for 3 US administrations now. Things can (and will) crash sooner or later.
And when that happens, gold is a good place to be. BTC *might* be; I'm still not sure. I think BTC is almost a shadow-yuan. A way for Chinese billionaire "communists" to take capital flight, or at least get their money out of China to buy up all the housing in better countries' cities.
@_date: 2019-05-17 00:56:30


\*stifled chortle\*
@_date: 2019-05-14 14:10:50
It's almost as if these things were related...
@_date: 2019-05-16 23:32:54
No they won't.
@_date: 2019-05-14 14:05:47
I own more bitcoin than Jesus!
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:34:30
That exists and that will always have value and doesn't cease to exist if a hard drive dies.
Bitcoin requires a functioning international Internet (I'm not even hinting about some kind of apocalypse; just the Internet splitting into separate networks aligned with a multipolar political/economic world) and fiat currency (search your feelings; you know it to be true) to be worth anything.
Gold is shiny, so people like it, and it is very useful in industry.
Seriously, there's no comparison.
@_date: 2019-05-17 01:02:59
If I had the kind of money some people *lucked* into with BTC (because there was no reason to believe that Chinese billionaires would pour their wealth in it to hide it from the CCP, which is almost certainly what happened), I'd take it out, put it in the hands of a conservative financial planner, move back home to Colorado, buy a condo for my wife and I, and hang out with friends and family and be a good uncle to my nieces and nephews.
I am an academic. Free time does not scare me. There's always something to do. 
I don't know why this would scare anyone. Not having to go to work doesn't mean that you sit and wallow in your own crapulence. You find interesting things to do. You bike or run more. You get involved with community theatre. You visit friends and family. 
Idleness is not a sin.
@_date: 2019-05-14 14:18:19
I remember when it started. It was pitched as a way to pay for drugs.
But I don't do drugs.
And then I realized that it was pretty much the opposite of anonymous, so I didn't even think it was likely good for drugs.
Then suddenly China started pumping the value up, and everyone lost their shit, and I thought that people who were simply lucky—many of whom who had BTC originally for drugs—claiming that it would take over the world were crazy.
And then it crashed and I thought, "See?"
And then I started reading some interesting econ people who provided a much more interesting interpretation of events based on geopolitical economic issues, and I thought, "Okay, fine, I'll give this a shot."
I will sell whenever I think, "Okay, that's enough," or I've lost so much that I feel like I should have just bought a new laptop.
This shit will be outlawed soon enough.
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:49:27
Not gonna happen in your lifetime. 
Space travel is the most oversold bunk there is. The cost:benefit ratio is horrible, and we don't even have the tech, nor will we for a very long time. Technological progress is decelerating. Kurzweil is wrong, as always.
We're living in the end of [the Blip]( The sooner people realize that, the sooner we can start having conversations about what we want the next Dark Ages to look like, because that's where we're going.
@_date: 2019-05-14 14:11:31
No kidding. 
People makin' and sellin' shit and shit... What rubes.
Prime numbers are where it's *really* at!
@_date: 2019-05-17 00:50:41
If you actually got 8 figures, which you won't, you'd be an idiot not to sell and put your money into something that actually produces—or at least *has*—value in meatspace, which is the only space that ultimately matters.
Magic computer points are only worth money if money still exists, and it will. If there were ever a revolt to destroy the entities that control fiat currencies, which there won't be, you'd lose. Fast. 
Any future revolt—and there are likely to be some—is not likely to destabilize the status quo. Why do I think so? Because every democratizing development of the postwar era (at least) has largely served to *consolidate* control. Cable TV, with its requirement for public access? Oligarchic production values and lowest-common-denominator programming won out. The Internet? Balkanization from the get-go ("find your tribe" is another way of saying, "disconnect from the people around you and join an echo chamber"), which was then monetized via filtering/targeting. It is now impossible to discuss anything or work together to change anything.
The world is *not* moving toward more openness, but more closedness. BTC rises when there's political instability, because people with money are afraid they need to get out of wherever they are. However, at some point, you won't be able to trade these magic Internet points for anything (legally), and they'll be worthless. 
The BTC bull vision is a utopic vision. Utopias have a nasty habit of becoming dystopias in short order.
Make the money you can, get out, and buy something that holds or grows in real value. Land. Gold. In the short-term, stocks and bonds. BTC is a blip, and I suspect the big money has already been made. I won't be surprised to see it back up at its ATH again, but that only matters for people who bought in very early, like yourself. 
Take the money and run. This is not an investment.
@_date: 2019-05-17 01:11:24
Jesus Christ, guys, it's not that fucking hard.
Horrible question for the people in the thread who have made a lot on this: What is the socioeconomic level of your parents?
If it's middle or lower, I think you might just be missing the cultural knowledge of how to handle wealth that others don't have. Wealthy people very rarely "act like millionaires." They just chill.
If you have a lot of money, you need to hang out with people who also have a lot of money and take your social/cultural cues from them. I think this is why people like sports and music stars often fall apart—they just don't know how to be rich. 
Don't talk about it, but don't *not* talk about it, either. Shrug. It's something you have that other people don't. 
Join a country club or something and just keep a low profile. Watch how people behave. Make some friends. Learn the ropes. Find a woman there, who understands and doesn't need your money.
Just be yourself. Yourself with money.
@_date: 2019-05-17 01:12:01
Nah, analog all the way.