@_author: cloke_me
@_date: 2015-09-22 02:21:51
Thanks for your input.
The website is in beta and work in progress. 
We charge no transaction fees, thus we must charge to be sustainable and improve our service as we prepare to launch. 
If you know of any good designers , pls have them send their resume to support . We are bootstrapping this project and hope in time our website will be decent as concept , thanks  :)
@_date: 2015-09-22 02:43:15
Will add contact information shortly.( thanks for suggestion  
We have other products under our corporate umbrella such as bitcoinvideo.tv and givabitcoin.com .
We are a Georgia corporation . We acquired the domain through Namecheap.com , thus hidden whois is free service.
If you would like to get to know who I am , connect with me on Linkedin  and our company on Angel.co  
For those who wish to promote cloke.me and receive 50% of each cloke sale. Just place your receiving btc address in our url to be paid anonymously.                                   
 ie  address] . btc payouts are implemented within 48 hrs,
Appreciate your concern and input as we strive to be transparent as a company developing products to serve the community .
@_date: 2015-11-17 18:01:34
I understand . Thanks for your input as bad practices must be avoided and to avoid them means to bring them to light. :)
@_date: 2015-10-26 23:40:04
We are working on the 'cloke' wallet ( similar to dark wallet)  that will enable the scanning of the cloke versus addresses to remit coin.
We also will more integration with shapeshift as well an api for third parties integration.
Gocoin has vetted us as an legit company, ( why we are using them ) to reassure that cloke.me not a scam . 
We are a real company and this is the 1st stage of cloke.me 's service to enable more private and simple crypto transactions.
Company website  
Please contact us for due diligence before assuming we are a scam company , support[ We are a startup crypto company developing services and products to benefit the community. 
You can reach me directly at kevin
