@_author: clone42
@_date: 2014-10-04 12:28:41
New England Journal of Medicine Meta-Analysis on the Placebo Effect:
[Is the Placebo Powerless? — An Analysis of Clinical Trials Comparing Placebo with No Treatment](
Conclusions: We found little evidence in general that placebos had powerful clinical effects. Although placebos had no significant effects on objective or binary outcomes, they had possible small benefits in studies with continuous subjective outcomes and for the treatment of pain. Outside the setting of clinical trials, there is no justification for the use of placebos. 
I was also recalling this article from ["Science-Based Medicine"](
The author is Steven Novella, Yale University School of Medicine Assistant Professor and clinical neurologist, so it has some credibility.
The content suggests that the placebo effect is caused by other factors, like being in a clinical study to begin with, rather than the effect of 'taking a sugar pill', so to speak.
"It has also been clearly demonstrated that subjects who are being studied in a clinical trial objectively do better. This is because they are in a clinical trial – they are paying closer attention to their overall health, they are likely taking better care of themselves due to the constant reminder of their health and habits provided by the study visits and attention they are getting, they are being examined on a regular basis by a physician, and their overall compliance with treatment is likely to be higher. So basically, subjects in a trial take better care of themselves and get more medical attention than people not in trials. If for those not in a clinical trial, if they decide to do something about their health by starting a new treatment, they are likely to engage in more healthful behavior in other ways."
"The lack of any real biological placebo effect has led some to question the necessity of having a placebo control in clinical trials. However, I feel there is still a need for a double-blind placebo-controlled design for most clinical trials because that is the only way to minimize the effects of bias on trial outcomes. The factors I listed above will still create the illusion of an effect and the only way to control for this is with a placebo group."
Even the [Wikipedia]( article you linked (under clinical significance) contains this information. There appears to be some debate, but the latest and most exhaustive analysis indicates that the placebo effect only appears in subjective reports.
I know copy/pasting off of thesaurus.com makes you feel like you're bigger than me, and it certainly helps you pad your posts with irrelevant information, but please spare me the snarky attitude.
@_date: 2014-10-03 18:50:19
You misunderstand the placebo effect. It actually never produces measurable effects, it only appears in subjective reports of unmeasurable phenomena, such as pain-level and mood. It's the definition of brain-washing.