@_author: closelyguy
@_date: 2017-03-30 11:08:47
Will this have any effect on the consumption tax on exchanges like bitflyer? I remember reading that you have to pay 8% on each bitcoin purchase on those exchanges.
@_date: 2015-02-25 19:37:52
I really tried to wrap my head around some of your sentences but I'm having a hard time. 


It does make a difference, because your debt stays the same. The  cash flows grow disproportionately less (or even shrink without efficiency gains) than your debt repayments (which stay the same). 


That's a different kind of deflation and - as you mention - no problem at all. The usual example is a decline in oil prices that we currently observe, which leads to lower prices across lots of goods. This form of deflation is unproblematic, but unrelated to the problems caused by a deflationary currency.


You can't make that generalizing statement about people's preferences. Whether somebody prefers inflation or deflation depends (among many other things) whether he is a net creditor or net debtor. There are a lot debtors (people who buy houses, apartments) which benefit greatly from inflation. And there are lots of people which are creditors (ie. if you don't have any debt, and put your money in the bank) which profit from deflation. However with regards to the economy the consensus among economists is pretty clear. The economy requires inflation, because most of the companies are debtors.


Not so sure, what you mean in your last paragraph. Do you expect a bitcoin based economy to work without debt? In a deflationary cycle loan repayments will likely take longer or even lead to the default of the debtor. But a deflationary period doesn't start when people pay back loans faster (not so sure I get what you mean here), but when consumers and companies wait with their purchases, because they expect prices to fall and being able to buy more goods for the same price at a later time.
@_date: 2015-02-20 15:33:09
I'm not sure you understood what I meant. The reason that


is because:


All things being equal, the same technological development would be much more unlikely if the currency was deflationary. How would you finance the massive construction of rail roads (requires hiring workers, expanding steel production, transportation, etc) which contributed to the boom in the 20s? If you have a deflationary currency such projects become increasingly difficult to finance, because any future cashflows that your project achieves will be decreasing (due to falling prices in a deflation) and hence investors would be reluctant to fund your project. 
Calling me a brainwashed Keynesian is a bit out of line. It seems to me you are far more dogmatic in your economical understanding by calling *deflation death spiral [...] a fatal bug in the current debt-fiat regime* without appreciating the benefits of fiat money and debt.
@_date: 2015-02-26 16:06:42


The [OECD site]( is currently down (though [stats canada]( works) but it would show the average debt-to-equity ratio. Depending on the industry this ratio is often around 1, meaning equal amounts of debt and equity, but values up to 4 are not uncommon. In a world without debt this ratio would be 0.
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:25:22
It's not pure garbage at all. Deflationary currencies are a big concern for economies which rely on debt. In a simple barter economy (exemplified in your article) this is no problem. The important problem is mentioned by [Varoufakis](




Credit and debt are a vital part of a capitalist economy to finance the growth of emerging technologies or infrastructure projects. And this is much much more difficult within the framework of a deflationary currency. Needless to say a deflationary currency would have prevented the burst of the bubble in 1929, but it would also have massively prolonged the spread of new technologies (telephones, electricity). So you really get to choose between the lesser of two evils: inflation, exaggeration (but technological proliferation) or deflation, under-spending (and relative technological stagnation).