@_author: clownfundamentals
@_date: 2016-05-06 14:06:55
For those who can't see because of the paywall:
This week a man called Craig Steven Wright went public with the claim that he was the mysterious Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonymous creator of bitcoin. Opinion is divided over whether he really is Satoshi. Some experts were persuaded; others are unsure and indeed even he now seems less convinced about jumping into the limelight. What I want to know, however, is how we can be sure he is the real Craig Steven Wright.
There are, after all, inconsistencies in his story. Mr Wright — or is it Mr Steven Wright, no one seems sure — is described as a Sydney businessman and computer scientist. And yet the real Craig Steven Wright apparently comes from Brisbane. Late last year someone calling himself Craig Steven Wright denied being Satoshi and yet, just a few months later he insists that he is. The latest claimant to the mantle of Craig Steven Wright says that he just wants to be “left alone”, but reliable sources say that a man using the same name and answering to a very similar physical description hired a team of public relations gurus to stage manage his revelation.
The bitcoin community is divided. Some say that the real Craig Steven Wright actually spells Steven with a “PH”. Others have taken to Reddit to post detailed debunking. One subreddit noted that the real Craig Steven Wright could easily prove his identity by sending out an email with his original Hotmail account. “If he is the real CSW he would still have his Hotmail password and could just send his friends an email saying that his was the real CSW,” said one. The man claiming to be Mr Wright (or Mr Steven Wright) insists that he has forgotten the password since it is over 10 years since he used Hotmail and that his account has been deactivated. But sceptics says the real CSW would not have let his account lapse.
Some suggested he could prove his identity by producing the cryptographic key to his first home in Brisbane. Mr Wright says he handed over the keys when he moved out but in any case he could have had a spare cryptographic key cut at the shoe repairers. Or Craig Steven Wright may be a chatbot built by Microsoft to wind up people on Twitter.
But some are convinced. Journalists from the BBC, GQ and the Economist said they had seen a Blockbuster movies membership card from 2002 with his name on it and an unreturned DVD of the The Manchurian Candidate. The Economist did note there were things that were unproven. For example the man did not recall the address of the Blockbuster store and it is well known that the real CSW did not like Frank Sinatra. GQ added that the real Craig Wright would have preferred the remake with Denzel Washington.
Supporters say that since the real Craig Steven Wright is being investigated by the Australian tax authorities, there is little reason to pretend to be him. On the other hand since the real CSW may be Satoshi Nakamoto and sitting on 45m bitcoin perhaps there is an incentive after all. Then there are those who believe that Craig Steven Wright is indeed CSW but doubt that he is also Satoshi. Then again, his name is a perfect anagram of Satoshi Nakamoto, if you remove C, G, E, P, W, H and two Rs and add two Os, two As, an S, K and M.
This dilemma is one we may come to face in the future. I don’t mean that we will all have to prove we are Craig Steven Wright. I’m certainly not, although there are those on Reddit who point out that the real Craig Steven Wright would deny it at first. No, the issue is proving we are who we say we are at a time when automation, hacking and identity theft are leaving us ever exposed to such challenges. When anyone can use your name on social media or email, how do you prove you are the real you? When hackers can steal your credit card and bank details will it become more difficult to persuade a robo-banker that you do own your account?
I don’t pretend these issues are insurmountable; they clearly aren’t. But with increased automation the identity requirements must become more demanding. Will I need a DNA sample or retinal scan to verify my bank account in extremis?
So how does the man calling himself Craig Steven Wright prove he is CSW and not a hoaxer? It’s tricky. If only there was some technology; a kind of public ledger or — oh I don’t know — a blockchain, by which independent sources could verify he is who he says.