@_author: cmcadmin
@_date: 2019-03-28 22:06:24
CoinMarketCap is working towards improving transparency by introducing new tools and metrics so users can get a fuller picture of exchanges and crypto on the site; this will include liquidity measures, balances of hot and cold wallets, as well as information about the traffic of listed exchanges.
We are listening to all our users' feedback. May we know what new metrics you would like to see? Let us know here  [  
Thank you.
@_date: 2019-03-28 21:52:21
 Hello,
CoinMarketCap is working towards improving transparency by introducing new tools and metrics so users can get a fuller picture of exchanges and crypto on the site; this will include liquidity measures, balances of hot and cold wallets, as well as information about the traffic of listed exchanges.
Please see the official statement from our Global Head of Marketing: *“For instance, if an exchange with low traffic has $300M volume and just 5 BTC in its wallet, users will be able to draw their own conclusions without the need for us to make arbitrary judgment calls on what is good or bad. We want to state that our philosophy is to provide as much information as possible to our users, so that they can form their own conclusions and interpretations – and not introduce our own bias into that mix.”*
We are listening to all our users' feedback. May we know what new metrics you would like to see?
Thank you.
@_date: 2019-04-15 00:44:33
Hello, may we know if this is from the official CoinMarketCap iOS app? If so, could you provide a screenshot?
If you are referring to an Android app, we currently do not have one released yet. 
Thank you.
@_date: 2019-05-09 00:38:52
Nearly every cryptocurrency and exchange has been called a scam at some point in its lifetime. We are not here to judge the merits of any cryptocurrency or exchange, but we provide the best tools for you to make your own conclusions. As long as it meets the listing criteria, it's eligible to be on the site. As always, please be careful to do your own research before taking any action.
However, if you have proof that an project is acting in a dishonest manner, please share it so our content team can investigate it further. It is best to send in the proof through our request form for our team to handle directly. Our request form is located here: [ select “Other” and then “Something Else.”
As per our Disclaimer [ please note that CoinMarketCap does not recommend that any cryptocurrency should be bought, sold, held by you nor exchange be used by you. We do not make any recommendations, give financial/investment/trading advice, support any project in particular, or provide any other sort of advice.
Thank you for your understanding.
@_date: 2019-05-09 00:36:44
CoinMarketCap has never and currently still does not accept payment for listing coins/tokens and exchanges. We do not accept payment of any form to bypass listing requirements or to intentionally publish inaccurate information. We evaluate every request with the same level of scrutiny.
Thank you for your understanding.