@_author: cmdr_zenarchist
@_date: 2018-04-13 09:27:22
Haha yeah exactly man, I'm a forex trader too who uses leverage so I know what you mean! We're at a huge advantage in crypto at this stage of the markets evolution. Risk control is essential in speculative markets, it's true for stocks as it is for crypto and even more so when leverage comes into play 
@_date: 2018-04-13 08:37:28
It's only gambling if you don't have an edge. The casino wouldn't say that they gamble, even though they do all day everyday.
So yes, it is gambling, but it's like card counting. Turn the edge in your favour and you can come out ahead in the long run if you have the mental discipline and fortitude to execute your edge without emotional interference.
I don't see much emotional control in crypto, so it really did not surprise me to see so many unprotected shorts get margin liquidated last night. 
If you're gonna use leverage, especially on Bitcoin, use a friggin market order stop loss and don't touch anything above 10x leverage! (depending on your risk capital)
A lot of rookies got burned last night and it was a long time coming, the same way a lot of rookies got burned buying overextended coins in December. Exuberance goes both ways! Shorting the bottom is never a good idea, the same way buying all time highs is not a great idea. 
Pro tip to the crypto trading community: If you don't know what you're doing with margin trading then just buy low and hodl or play long-side trades only with the trend using your BTC/ETH on binance or bittrex. You'll make a shitload more money with a fraction of the stress - that's coming from an experienced trader who does all three. 
If I had to pick a single strategy, hodling with occasional profit-taking during big breakouts or trend reversals would be the one. Also, it would benefit everyone in the crypto community to learn how to identify and read price trends and structure properly! 
Every trader will need all the tools they can get their hands on to effectively compete with the big "smart" money that is now entering this game.