@_author: cmikhow
@_date: 2018-01-29 11:29:27
Lmao, I’m well aware. 
You don’t address how the ROI is not worth it and you severely misunderstand how shorting works 
@_date: 2018-01-29 11:28:10
Lol’ed at this. A homeless dude?
Even if a homeless person bought 5$ or bitcoin what would the value be? Even if it goes to 20k you only made 5 bucks. That’s not even worth the fees and bullshit involved. Not to mention he’s homeless and just lost s huge chunk of money for him 
Stop spewing this dangerous rhetoric dear god.
@_date: 2018-01-28 15:09:52
You think bitcoin will nearly triple its high from last year when hype hit a fever pitch and everyone + their mother was tagging on? Unlikely. At 10-12k the potential ROI is too small to justify investing a whole lot because 
It could easily go lower. It just takes 1-2 whales to decide its hit a ceiling and sell a big stake to really start off a wave of panic sells.
The regulation speak @ Davos world economic forum doesn’t bode well either.
Unless you already have a shitload of bitcoin investing now is a pretty bad call. Even if it shot back up to its high of 20k you’d only double your money. Maybe you put in 1000 or even 5000. But you’re also risking that money gets cut in half or worse. Which I’d say is far more likely. You’re better off playing blackjack at the current odds.
@_date: 2018-01-28 15:17:07
What? the forex market is massive. 5.3 trillion per day volume.
Futures is barely 400 billion. Equities are 190 billion. The entire NYSE is like 30 billion a day. By comparison.
This is the problem with crypto communities, blind leading the blind.
@_date: 2018-09-28 16:51:11
You should have your spouse or family lock your investment accountant for your own safety.
@_date: 2019-11-14 08:38:49
This is so fucking stupid.
@_date: 2019-03-03 17:04:28
Overwhelming evidence you say?
Let me see some of this overwhelming evidence you speak of. You wouldn't happen to be making things up would you?
@_date: 2018-10-02 17:49:35
ray ban and the company that owns them has a monopoly on the eyewear industry.
That’s why glasses that cost nothing, including ray bans, sell for a fuckload
@_date: 2019-10-20 00:45:58
Ah apparently you're dumb AND a rude asshole.
@_date: 2019-10-19 19:18:18
Something does not have to be factually incorrect to be stupid as fuck
@_date: 2019-10-19 19:19:37
If you honestly can't see why this is dumb, well that says a lot about how mentally capable you are
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:59:33
Correct! I said the exact same thing


@_date: 2019-10-19 21:25:03
I mean if I had to choose between dumb and a rude asshole....
@_date: 2019-02-18 09:44:46
Are you stupid?
Do you not understand a hypothetical argument?
Person A makes claim: Saving money makes economy prosper, NOT spending.
Person B asks: By that logic, if everyone stopped spending money the economy would be booming?
You must honestly have the IQ of a river shrimp if you didn't understand how I was following his line of reasoning to illustrate the absurdity of his argument.
Even under your ridiculous criticism, if people stopped spending money on everything except necessities that still wouldn't make the economy boom. A 3 year old could explain that to you.
@_date: 2019-02-24 20:28:40
I honestly cringe every time I hear you guys talk about Bitcoin being immune to the market forces of those with the big money who manipulate real stock markets in this exact same way.
@_date: 2019-02-17 13:23:29


You're kind of misrepresenting this.
No one is forcing you to buy things you don't need, but people are incentivized to shift their savings from cash to investment vehicles. This could be anything from bitcoin, to gold, to property, to a new lawnmower, to investing in a new startup, to stocks.
The cumulative effect would primarily be targeting the most wealthy people and corporations who hoard untold of amounts of money that could be used to elevate the economy, create jobs, and boost growth.
This isn't conjecture or theory this is how the economy functions. It has been like this for a long time. The way we incentivize or punish spending highs or lows is to adjust inflation rates. But due to so many recessions many economies have VERY low interest rates that can't be cut any more. So when a recession occurs they are basically fucked.
The proposed solution is negative interest rates here. It's not about "sound monetary concept" we're talking about objective economic fact here. I don't really understand the basis for which you disagree with how reality functions.
I'm not arguing whether the current system is working, perfect or a good thing. Nor am I arguing that the proposed solution in this study is bad or good. What I am saying is that under the current economic system we live in there is a problem, and the proposed solution makes sense. Plus the way it has been presented is being misunderstood and misrepresented by people in this thread.


Not sure where you got this from but Keynes has no "broken window theory".
Frederick Bastiat coined the broken window fallacy in the 19th century. The argument is that if a criminal breaks the window of a storekeeper, the repairs for the window would not provide any benefit to the overall economy because it removes money he could have spent on something else.. like a new jacket. I am aware that some libertarian, uneducated types sometimes use this to attack Keynesian economic theory in suggesting that government spending has no net positive effect on an economy because it is taking money that could have been spent privately.
I've just never encountered anyone that would seriously use this argument, online or otherwise since it is - by every measurable way - false.
It relies on the following assumptions
* The economy has full employment: only under full employment does is aggregate spending constant, and equal to the full employment level of aggregate output.
* All earnings must be spent: For full employment to be sustained, all earnings must be spent. Otherwise there will be a recession.
So lets make this simple for you. Going back to the baker example, if the baker had not spent his money to fix his window, he MIGHT have spent it on something like a jacket but in reality this is very much not the case. He may have decided that he will hold onto his money under the expectation that there could be harder economic times ahead. This means that breaking and fixing the window **would have had a net positive on the economy**. Similarly, the way government taxes and spends money does the same. This is irrefutable and proven by real world and hypothetical economic studies over and over. What you are citing is a complete misunderstanding of basic economic principles. it is not a "mysterious multiplier" not sure who told you that.


You're kind of misrepresenting my position here aren't you? Did I say that at any point? No. I stated the fact that consumer, corporate and govt spending create economic growth. This is a fact.


Nothing I've said has been debunked, but I'm welcoming you to show me otherwise. The fact that you're stating something that **is** a debunked theory, suggests you've never studied economics at any level but heard some one spin rhetoric that misled you. So since you were so kind enough to give me that advice, I'd advise you stop projecting and take it yourself. Especially if you choose to continue engaging with me. That might work on someone who doesn't understand these concepts, but it won't on me.
@_date: 2019-02-17 11:29:53
The way you’ve not only seriously misrepresented a study by the IMF in terms of utilising negative interest rates to help countries (think Greece for instance) to encourage investment and boost productivity + GDP which would jumpstart the recovery process after major economic downturns is worrisome.
What’s more worrisome is how you’ve completely misunderstood the study as it affects bitcoin and otherwise.
It’s ok to support blockchain and bitcoin but this post is flat out misinformation.
The IMF didn’t release a plan, they had a group of people do a study on ways to better weather future recessions and this was one idea which was written about. Academic studies are commissioned all the time on all manner of subjects. It doesn’t mean it will or even can be implemented.
I don’t claim to be able to vet the validity of the study but people in here claiming “omg inflation on purpose!” Have such a misguided perception of economics I’m concerned about where some of you learned even basic monetary concepts.
Inflation isn’t necessarily a bad thing. It does have the effect of negatively affecting savings in the short term, however it also encourages consumer spending which can spur on a stagnant economy. Moreso it encourages corporate spending, rather than hoarding. Since the risk of having massive piles of cash devalue leads big companies to use that cash and purchase assets and other things of value that can’t be affected by monetary policy as easily. Again this is a net gain for the economy, and creates tax revenue and jobs and growth.
@_date: 2019-02-17 22:33:22
Lol ok
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:25:57


Try your best.


What? Generally you use "suffice to say" to follow up an argument. "X is adequate evidence that Y is true". You just said "you're so wrong, suffice to say inflation of the money supply is **always wrong**."
You haven't provided any evidence, or argument to say why it is **always wrong**. Let us try a bit harder than this.


By definition? No.
A tax is a fee charged by the state that is compulsory for the contribution of state revenue levied onto wages, profits, and the purchase of goods and services.
If inflation went up 100000% today, and I had 10,000$ in savings. I would not face any type of compulsory contribution to state revenue. I could leave my money in the bank and would incur zero penalty, or threat by force or otherwise to take that money.
If inflation went up I would have an incentive to spend that money, but calling it a "Stealth tax" is a bit of a rhetorical and ideological reach. I'll entertain your view though.
Does the intentional compression of inflation, or reduction of inflation amount to a stealth tax credit? By your line of reasoning this would be so. However, we as rationale people can clearly look at that statement and evaluate it as false.
So I think your claim here is more ideological than rooted in any type of empirical or rationale truth. But I'm open to hear you explain it more.


Elaborate? I'm not quite following what this even means. Maybe provide a source.


This is simply not true. Nor does it make any sense. Once again, please elaborate and make clear claims if you're going to engage with me. Inflation of the money supply misallocates resources and forces rates lower? What rates? How do economic resources get "misallocated"? By what empirical metric? Who decides what is misallocation of economic resources? How do we prove this statement to be true?


Canada recently raised interest rates. They did not experience "economic wreckage" So this statement is, empirically false.


I'm not sure you even understand the things you are trying to say. At even a basic level.
Because of the math of "geometric progression" your statements are proven true?
Geometric progression is a set of numbers where each term is found by multiplying the previous one with a fixed non zero number called the common ratio.
For instance, 2, 6, 18, 54... this sequence has a geometric progression ratio of *3*.
Are you trying to tell me that this mathematical concept proves your wild claims to be true, and disproves the things I have said. You're just spouting off nonsense now.


That's an opinion. You've not stated a single true reason why this is a compelling argument, or true. You've just said a bunch of things, most of which illustrate a very poor understanding of very basic economic theory rather than any kind of argument against raising inflation.


Maybe you need to work on your essay writing skills.


Oh neat. A quote.
This quote is truly misunderstood by you.
The quote is criticizing the economic model of the tim, and direction. I happen to agree with what Henry says here, but he makes no statement here that disproves anything in my post or argument. Nor does he say anything that inherently rejects the proposed solution of negative interest rates which this OP is about.
I'll respond anyways because I like Hazlitt. Hazlitt was a lifelong critic of state manipulated inflation rates, especially through interest rates. And I agree with him on many points.
He identified many flaws in our economic model that are prevalent today, I happen to the feel the same way.
But what you're trying to argue are ideological problems with our overarching economic system.
It is like if I asked you if you wanted to go to the corner store for some candy. I suggested that we could drive as it would be quicker. Our third friend says, why don't we bike because it's fast too but we'd save money on gas and it isn't that much slower.
After debating we approach you for your thoughts on the matter, how should we get to the store? Bike or car? You just flat out disagree.
You aren't opposed to going to the store, or using a method of travel suggested, you haven't suggested walking, or even called for delivery.
You are insisting that the best way to get there would be to use a teleportation machine which would be instant and cost nothing. While in theory you're not wrong, we happen to live in reality where this isn't possible and your solution or criticisms are not relevant to the discussion. You're just applying a nirvana fallacy, and refusing to engage the actual discourse.
Just because teleportation would be faster, doesn't mean that my suggestion that taking a car would be optimal is WRONG. It is still factually true, even if there are other alternatives that have their own benefits and drawbacks we could discuss.
You have strong views on inflation and that is fine, but you also have drawn an ideological line and are choosing to grandstand your opinions on inflation rather than engage about the actual topic. Which is weird.
@_date: 2019-02-18 09:43:59


No, that's not how it works. The IMF does not create policy. They are not a government body. Studies literally come out every single minute of every day, it is possible to study something without it being a preamble for a policy move.
You're disingenuous or ignorant I'm sorry.
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:55:37
You're an excellent example of psychological projection.
@_date: 2019-02-17 22:36:13
Think of all the jobs it would create! 
@_date: 2019-02-17 13:37:07


I'm not going to nitpick about your language here. Because I more or less understand what you're trying to say. But I'll illustrate it with an example.
You're starting this by insinuating that negative interest rates are not "sound monetary concepts".


You're trying to say that this isn't in good faith and I guess some kind of nefarious IMF plot to force people against their own will 


To spend money.
The study of economics is essentially the study of incentives. Which is, in my view and most rationale people, markedly different than force.
So let's look at it another way. If negative interest rates are FORCING you to spend money, then logic would dictate positive interest rates are FORCING you to save money? Is that a view you hold as well?
The reality is charging an interest rate, negative or positive is simply incentivizing behaviours to encourage them. You have every right and ability to REJECT the incentive. But there is an opportunity cost for doing so.
If interest rates are high and you choose to spend all of your savings, you are choosing to lose potential gains.
While interest rates being low, and you choose to save money you are choosing to lose potential gains elsewhere.
Finally if interest rates are negative, and you choose to keep your money in a bank account you are choosing to incur a cost
There are MANY alternatives. Including doing nothing. You don't have to buy any good or service, you could simply invest your money. But no one is forcing you to do anything.
@_date: 2019-02-17 13:05:45
You have every right to keep your money under your pillow nor or under any type of implementation of this sort.
But this study addresses a way that the policy would allow a government to devalue your money regardless so it seems like you've kind of missed the point.
You may support this but the bulk of this policy isn't really designed to screw over regular people who generally have very little in terms of savings. A hypothetical 3% negative inflation would not be very noticeable even if you had something like... oh I dunno 30k in savings. That would cost you approx 900 a year. Let's say you were a really good saver and had 300k, it would be 9k. Neither are great, but there would be many ways to avoid this negative inflation. Most people with savings would invest that money in the stock market, businesses, property, assets, or other investment vehicles to continue to grow their savings rather than let them devalue.
The main reason for the policy would be to attack corporations who have millions or billions of dollars that they have hoarded away, the purpose would be to jump start the economy.
The whole thing is pretty simple and straight forward, despite how it is being portrayed. The IMF isn't coming after your money.
@_date: 2019-02-18 16:55:36
Lmao once again the simple grade school concept of a hypothetical scenario completely eludes your tiny brain.
Stay dumb kid 
@_date: 2019-02-17 17:21:40
Um... lowering interest rates causes inflation. That’s the whole discussion. And also pretty basic.
@_date: 2019-02-17 19:15:02


ding ding ding, you did it!
@_date: 2019-02-17 19:17:30
I don't claim to know if it is a good or bad solution. The study suggests it as one possible solution and lays out some ways it could be accomplished and the reasons why we might want to do so.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with studying things like this it is how we learn and future studies scan be built upon this one or maybe not or maybe someone will poke holes in it.
My point is the way people in here are freaking out is ridiculous. Not that the OP posted study is somehow the truth and economic solution to all our woes.
@_date: 2019-02-17 13:51:12


That is a whole other topic, but it isn't really relevant to anything I've said.
Reckless spending, or prudent spending have more or less the same positive net effect on the economy. You can take it deeper and say that some spending is more efficient or better than others - which is a fact - but there are other vehicles in place to encourage smart spending. And beyond that you're talking about reducing people's liberty by forcing them to spend on what is ideal or most efficient.


I don't think anyone here is qualified to answer that question, I could do my best but it also isn't relevant to anything I've said. You're simply side stepping the current conversation to start another.
My views towards the current economic system and the many flaws it has are lengthy. I just don't see how it is relevant. I've not advocated that we have a perfect system, but this is the system we do have. What we're getting into is a complex and controversial topic that no one can give you a clear answer on. You're also conflating things like...


This is a claim you're making. Do you have a source for this? The unemployment numbers and economy are certainly linked together very tightly, but I'm not so sure about the claim that the employment numbers have a cap which triggers a downturn.


The point of creating jobs is to increase productivity, wealth and spending in a society. The goal would be to never have a recession, or prolong it as long as possible but we live in a complex system with independent actors who are not always acting in good faith, as well as political motivations which pull on systems in ways that are not always for the greater economic good but may provide other kinds of benefits to other people.
Again, I'm not advocating we have a perfect system. We have a system and this is how it works, I would love to change t and have many ideas to do so. But I don't have the means to do that.
This doesn't change the fact that
1) More jobs is good
2) Economies will experience the economic cycle of boom and recession times
3) Lowering interest rates is an effective way to combat recessions
4) Interest rates are very low overall right now, and in some places dangerously low to the point where cutting them further would be near impossible
5) The solution of implementing negative interest rates could be a possible solution to that


Which "looses monetary policies"? Which jobs? Why are they not efficient? Why is this **THE** problem? What do you mean by **THE** problem. You're saying this in the only problem, or the major one? Are you saying if we fix this problem we fix most the problems with the economy? Stop recessions, stop the economic cycle, stop job losses?
That's a pretty vague and lofty claim you're making there, care to elaborate and support it with anything?


This too, is a pretty vague and generalizing statement. I'm not following you in the slightest. What does any of this have to do with the original article?


Rational I guess? I wouldn't claim that any one type of spending exists that is better than another. Or that there are only two types of spending. Or that incentivizing spending would spur on 'irrational frenzy spending'.
@_date: 2019-02-17 12:54:21


You make claims
"IMF comes up with plan" which is insinuating that the IMF is trying to implement this when in reality they had some academic release a report with an idea.


The plan isn't to nefariously try and deflate the value of money people have access to. The plan very well stated.
Basically interest rates were often very high, 15-20% range. After recession followed recession the traditional solution has been to dramatically cut interest rates to weather the storm. But we are in a place today where interest rates are VERY low. Even after we weathered 2008, interest rates remain at dangerously low levels. The obvious problem with this is that when another recession occurs, the traditional solution to cut interest rates will not be available since conventional knowledge is you can't have lower than 0% inflation.
This is because if banks charged you for depositing money to spur spending no one would use banks.
But their proposed solution is negative interest rates, and utilizing a dual-currency system to phase out cash and force people into a new type of hypothetical "e-currency" which would have the negative interest rate built in.


This is simply false and you can't predict this.
For one, most goods can't be purchased with bitcoin so in order to skirt this measure you'd need to leave your funds in Bitcoin.
While this could hypothetical benefit bitcoin, you and mainly other commenters have overstated that affect. The value of bitcoin would not inherently change. It would be no more valuable or reliable than any other haven (such as gold) to stash money in, which would also be shielded from the negative interest rate affects.
It is also conceivable that any government looking to implement such a measure would look for ways to prevent the use of cryptocurrencies in order to skirt the negative inflation. That could mean any number of things.
Ultimately it's impossible to say how this could affect bitcoin and no country has even begun to consider such a measure. No one is proposing the implementation and while it is an interesting study it is far from what the title alludes (evidenced by some of the responses) some kind of mass conspiracy by the IMF to steal our wealth. Finally, even if this was happening there is no guarantee bitcoin would be unaffected, boosted, or harmed by the measure.
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:35:30
In what way?
@_date: 2019-02-17 22:32:54
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:42:26
This is a point I feel has gone over most people's heads.
Everyone in here is lamenting how any type of inflation could harm the savings of average people. Most average people don't have any savings. And the people harmed by a reduction in the value of money disproportionately are very clearly those who are hoarding onto vast amounts of cash that aren't benefitting the average person, the economy, or anyone.
@_date: 2019-02-17 13:28:16


Well thought out start to a reply. This will be good.


Literally no one is saying that.


Not sure why you said "study". It literally is a study. But ok.


Care to point me to the exact point in this study or any quote describing a larger goal that is advocating for.. in your words "theft and the nightmares of power hungry megalomaniacs"
While we're there, let me know exactly what you mean by "theft and the nightmares of power hungry megalomaniacs". I'm not much one for rhetoric, and it is difficult to have any kind of discourse with someone who is basically just ree'ing.


I honestly have no idea what you are even saying anymore. How does someone respond to this? Is this a claim? An argument?




You've made such glorious leaps from blah blah, to gibberish, to blaming the IMF for all of your problems. I'm not sure exactly what you're arguing but if you or anyone who speaks his language could explain to me I'd be happy to respond.
@_date: 2019-02-17 17:19:34
You’re trying to tell me you, someone who thinks Karl Marx is a boogeyman and has very little education knows better than established economic science and empirical data supported by history.
That sound irrational ignorance.
@_date: 2019-02-19 22:12:45
This is only true if you’re wrapped up in Fox News and talk radio + lack any kind of ability to practice intelligent thought.
Marx is one of the most famous academics in Human history and the bulk of his work spanned  a multitude of topics and has been influential on a stunning level.
Just because you think “durrr communism” and you don’t know a thing about him/ have clearly never studied anything academically and likely pride yourself in that doesn’t mean you get to rewrite history, sorry bud. Hopefully you pick up a book one day though 
@_date: 2019-02-17 12:45:00
What are you trying to illustrate exactly?
The article points out that in order to effectively roll out such a concept as (negative interest rates) which they suggest would help combat recessionary drops and improve the economy in a variety of others ways is difficult. One possible solution proposed is the implementation of a dual currency system.
The reason for this is because if banks charged negative interest people just would keep their cash under their pillows. Since why incur that charge?
They suggest that let's say the USA wants to implement this new system. They would first start by creating two types of "physical" currency, cash and a second category "e-money". The e-money would have the benefit of having the negative interest rate built in to make it simpler for people.
And to combat people hoarding their cash to avoid negative interest rates they would make it so that the cost of goods would have 2 prices. One for cash, and one for e-currency. Since the hypothetical e-currency would be adjusted for interest rate it would come 1:1. Where as the price for goods or services in CASH would be 1:0.97 for the first year and every year following would reduce in value accordingly to compensate for the cost of negative interest when the hypothetical shopowner deposited that money into a bank.
@_date: 2019-02-17 17:28:21
I’m sure you need the money.
It’s pretty amusing to interact with someone as dumb and insecure as you I have to say. Good luck with that. I’ll also go ahead and block you since I can tell your little brain will fume at not having the last word. Good day dumb dumb 
@_date: 2019-02-17 17:25:47
Ah yes, me the person educated in economics is brainwashed and you who got your education from YouTube are woke.
So let me get this straight if everyone just stopped spending money tomorrow and saved the economy would be booming!
Ya that’s exactly how it works. You’re a brilliant mind.
@_date: 2019-02-17 18:19:41
You are correct.
So what are you trying to argue here?
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:44:56
It's hilariously ironic because all I did was respond to all the blatantly untrue statements made by the responder who literally spammed bullshit.
All I did in my OP was correct a misrepresentation and understanding about the OP article.
If you're not willing to engage in discourse no one is blaming you, but sitting there throwing shit from the sidelines in the absence of any valid involvement makes you look pretty stupid. I doubt you have much of a problem with that though.
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:57:57
Thank you.
I too, am not a proponent nor have I ever really thought about the issue much. All I was trying to say was that the way people were acting as if this was some kind of boon to Bitcoin or worse some kind of IMF conspiracy to devalue your money was blowing me away.
My exact points were. This is simply a proposed study on a possible solution to a known problem. And that how it affects bitcoin could be positive, bad or not at all Any claims otherwise are disingenuous and coming from a weird ideological space that I can't reason with.
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:40:59


To quote Ben Shapiro. Facts don't care about your feelings.
I'm not disagreeing with you, and I never said anything to that affect. And the "economic idea" isn't to blame here.
You are misrepresenting me thought, as most people in here are when they respond. I'm not sure why that is. I never once said "fuck the poor" or anything to that effect.
Just because something may be a valid solution within our current economic model, does not mean I agree with it. Nor does it mean it is good for everyone. "good for the economy" is not translation "good for everyone' or "good for the poor".
There's also more to the economy than inflation, and more to helping the poor than reducing inflation. After 2008 inflation hit rock bottom levels. It is not like all the poor and middle class suddenly became super wealthy.
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:34:27
No problem, glad you are able to engage with my responses and hope you checked out the response to the claims of "Keynesian broken window theory".
I will say that the Austrian model is one that has gained a lot of popularity amongst economic libertarians and the right but has often been criticized for eschewing mathematic modelling, econometrics, and macroeconomics. In breadth of academic thought has labelled most these proposals as outside the mainstream even though there are still those who are drawn to it. I think it attracts a lot of people for many reasons and has definitely gained traction since the 2008 crash.
I am by nature just very rationale and lean towards empirical data, and reasoning. While the Austrian school of economics isn't without merit I just would respond more positively in lieu of actual data to support its application. The reason I resonate with Keynesian economics is because of that very reason.
That said my personal opinion is that there is a larger broken system at play and that many of these theories often work within that broken system , therefore start at a default disadvantaged position.
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:51:39
I mean, everything is affected by monetary policy. But to further elaborate.
If the economy is experiencing any kind of heavy deflation, a company could use that time to pay off debts first and foremost as those will not inflate or deflate and become more difficult to handle later on as the value of money deflates.
After that the smart use scenario would dictate, as prices of things drop using reserve funds to invest in property, machinery, and anything + everything while prices are low would be a strong use of funds in the interim. Especially if we are talking about assets that will likely increase in value at a high rate when things get back to "normal". Stocks, investing in businesses, and possibly even resources like gold would be other ways to spend money and experience gains while the value of money is decreasing, you can own assets that are increasing.
@_date: 2019-02-17 18:15:49
Yes, you sound very dumb.
Karl Marx is a famous academic. He was an economist, historian, philosophe, political theorist, sociologists and journalist. He also  wrote MANY things, much of which is still studied intently today. Many of it is not only proven correct but also the basis for many of the fields he studied in.
You are referring to one of his best known works which is not a book at all but a pamphlet, called the Communist Manifesto, and the three part Das Kapital.
You clearly don't know anything about Karl Marx. Please re-evaluate claims you're making that you have less than zero knowledge of.
@_date: 2019-02-17 17:17:14
Weak comeback. But about as weak as your need to toss insults rather than engage me in an actual debate.
@_date: 2019-02-18 09:42:45
Which helps the economy how?
@_date: 2019-02-17 17:41:25
The bitcoin crowd is a strange one.
You have everything from tech enthusiasts and financially educated and savvy to complete conspiracy nuts who think BTC will usher in a new global dawn that will solve all problems. It's a mixed bag.
@_date: 2019-02-19 22:13:14
You sound like someone who never passed grade 9
@_date: 2019-02-18 09:42:28
I don't know anything for certain but you can look at mathematical modelling, historical trends (notably the fact that we've done it time and time again and it has more or less always worked) 
That's the argument being made in the study, I'm not arguing for it I'm just clarifying what it is saying.
@_date: 2019-02-18 17:03:34
In a vaccuum, bad. There would suddenly be a slew of unemployed people who would be unable to feed themselves and care for their families. They wouldn’t be able to pay their mortgages or debts and would see mass defaults.
The banks would suffer and the economy would experience a domino effect of pain. For instance the local restaurants and businesses that used to make good money selling goods and services to the people building and tearing down useless pyramids would also begin to suffer and potentially go out of business. The suppliers of machinery and materials used to build the useless pyramids would lose money and potentially go out of business as well. More jobs would be lost, more businesses would be hurt, and so on and so on. There would be people kicked out of their homes for defaulting on mortgages, people including children would be homeless. The result would be that the influx of supply for homes would suddenly drive he value of all homes downwards hurting everyone who owned a home or property.
All these losses would also cause the govt to suffer a decrease in tax revenue, which would mean they’d have to incur more debt or cut services which would cause for more pain across those employed by the govt and potentially more cuts.
Since so many people were now unemployed the competition for very few jobs remaining would skyrocket, which would drive wages and working conditions downwards too worsening conditions for people. Then people would have to dig into what little savings they had to stay afloat siphoning more money from economy.
This is more or less what happened in 2008. The stock market tanked the value of the dollar went down people’s savings were wiped out. If you had some hypothetical way to transition those people into “useful” jobs after that transition phase things might stabilise but the mass of job losses would cause for heavy losses on the economy, and without guarantee things would even be better off.
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:54:59
Are you sure you know what you are trying to argue?
The original study is essentially advocating for deflation by using negative interest rates.
No one said what you are claiming they said. If the value of money goes down, then the cost of goods will also go down. So instead of holding onto money, which is losing value, the idea is you turn that money into something different like property which will be available for a low cost and likely increase in value substantially during the same period.
Sorry if you weren't able to follow along, I very clearly never said "go buy some shit cause money is worthless!"
@_date: 2019-02-17 13:00:03
Protip: Lurking someone's comments and assuming to know what views they do or do not profess is pretty idiotic. Not to mention assuming what the members of this sub believe or do not believe.
In short, don't ascribe what you believe to be my views on me when I have said nothing about being Keynesian.
What I did do was explain the objective facts of a study done which has been misrepresented, and misunderstood by the people I saw posting when I replied. if you disagree with anything I wrote feel free to engage me, otherwise keep clutching onto your bitcoin and making broad sweeping statements devoid of any type of understanding for how the realities of economic systems function.
One of the primary tools used to address recessionary economics over the last few decades has been to adjust interest rates downwards, and the way to combat a piping hot economy is to adjust them upwards. This may be "idiotic" in your view, but it is a strategy supported by decades of economic research and academics, not to mention tried and tested. So whether your views have a favourable or unfavourable opinion on them is irrelevant. You may think the earth is flat too but that doesn't change the way reality functions.
@_date: 2018-11-16 22:42:05
Lol yup.
Volatile and unpredictable gold. Cash which is cash. Bitcoin which is at rock bottom value but more than likely undervalued, pick one. 
@_date: 2019-01-11 15:49:11
If you’re going to criticise someone for misrepresentation it is strange that you “paraphrase” her point into something different than what she said.
That said. No such law exists in Canada, I am a practicing lawyer and can tell you that Peterson’s “claim to fame” was completely misrepresenting that bill. No one is mandated to use any pronouns.
On top of that “compelled speech” isn’t anti-western, most western countries even the US have many laws against libel, defamation, hate speech, and other restrictions to freedom of expression. So again, going to Peterson... a man who has no legal background to get education on how the law functions is your first mistake.
Peterson is a phoney, you seem a bit more critical of him than his usual cadre of drones so I suggest you keep digging before throwing your support behind a man who is considered a moron in most educated circles. Not mincing words.
@_date: 2019-01-12 00:02:06


Yes he later clarified this after his fear mongering, but even this is not true. My point being he, by your own admission, used the C-16 issue as his claim to fame and that it was built on a house of bullshit.


You argued that Contrapoints misrepresented his position on this issue, and that Peterson was just concerned about the compelled speech. The issue is that his arguments about the boogeyman of compelled speech were nothing more than a dogwhistle for his transphobic agenda.


I'm not interested in if he is a saint or a demon. He is a human with virtues and flaws like any other.
My girlfriend actually worked as a teacher's assistant for him, and he wrote her recommendation to med school. I knew about him many years before his fame, as she spoke highly of him as a professor.
Since he was thrust into the public eye though despite being able to find value in some of the things he says he has gone quite off the deep end into the far right realm, even if he refuses to admit it.
He may not be a "saint" but he's beyond that he's driving climate denial, and misogyny, and views that empower hateful ideology. Even my gf who once thought highly of him believes he is off his rocker from when she worked for him.
This article also came out written by one of his former close friends, former professor who went out on a limb to get JBP into U of T in the first place and it is a long article but gives some insight into the man if you're interested.
@_date: 2019-01-09 01:13:53
Has nothing to do with not knowing my history, which I won't get into my educational background but I assure you I am pretty well read on the matter.
I never once said that "no government has ever confiscated anyones gold" you should learn not to make straw man arguments.
But if you're truly peddling fear mongering about the ending of the gold standard or "governments coming to take our gold time and time again" as an argument that Bitcoin is a safe investment vehicle compared to gold all you're doing is whipping up rhetoric to justify your position.
Bitcoin is simply not a better vehicle than gold, for what gold does. And if you believe that, you don't understand how markets function in the slightest.
@_date: 2019-01-08 23:29:21
With a little help from a celebrity endorsement!
@_date: 2019-01-10 21:27:50
@_date: 2019-01-09 17:22:47


How is this a difference?


Are you just going to throw out every irrelevant bitcoin talking point now? What does this have to do with gold.


Yes we’ve already established that all markets are manipulated, including bitcoin, what is the point you’re trying to make?


The other guy was claiming govt is gonna come take my gold. Not sure what Muh banks do illegal things has to do with that.
We’ve established that markets get manipulated we have no disagreement in that, so why are you shitposting links still?


Ah this is why. You think Bitcoin is insulated somehow. That’s cute. Carry on with your naïveté then.
@_date: 2019-01-10 20:12:35
you can't even type a legible sentence, no one is talking about being smart but you. insecure much?
@_date: 2019-01-10 17:09:00
In response to you saying that 4 people own X amounts of gold. It is exactly as relevant as the claim you made, and deliberately ridiculous to point out the ridiculousness of your original argument.
I'm sad I have to point that out to you, you're so dense you can't figure out your own shitty argument.
@_date: 2019-01-08 19:07:29
This is borderline illegal in the stock market 
@_date: 2019-01-08 21:18:32
If you knowingly attempt to manipulate the value of a stock in order to profit you can go to jail. Commodities included.
Doesn’t matter who you are 
@_date: 2019-01-11 04:01:17
Clearly the truth has hurt you lmao
@_date: 2019-01-09 16:43:01
Gold mined has been relatively steady for many years and there is a finite amount of gold left on the earth, so no.
@_date: 2019-01-08 19:08:53
Gold is gold because it is a safe investment mechanism when the market is volatile and unhealthy.
The same cannot be said about bitcoin which is incredibly volatile and a speculative investment with no inherent value
Please stop spreading this lie that bitcoin is better than gold.
@_date: 2019-01-08 23:51:22
You're getting way too tinfoil for me my friend.
@_date: 2019-01-10 03:36:09
Not sure what you don’t understand there’s a finite amount of gold and we have a reliable estimate for when it will be done. There’s about 20-30 years left 
@_date: 2019-01-09 16:44:13
Gold has a finite supply.
How many owners does every 1 BTC have?
This the problem when people with no education buy some bitcoin and think they are wolf on Wall Street 
@_date: 2019-01-08 22:12:58
On what basis? Gold has been a safe investment for a long long time.
It is very liquid, not volatile, trades an established regulatory framework. The only similarity is the supply profile of gold and bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-01-11 23:12:05
Hmm, you are right about the US. I had read that there are states that have passed Hate speech laws, but it seems a 2017 and 2011 ruling have all but quashed any legal validity for those. But that aside, let me return to your original point.


So the two things here, again.
1. Peterson lied and misrepresented Bill C-16, and his claims have been widely debunked by legal experts across the country. This is simply not true. The fact that you are still trumpeting it despite being debunked is concerning.
This was information readily available after he made these claims, and a year or so later and not a single person has gone to jail for using the wrong pronoun. Bill C-16 was simply about adding transgender people (a class of people who regardless of your views do exist) to a list of protected classes under our Charter. Protected classes like sex, race, religion, etc. This is mostly to extend certain rights to these people so, for instance, you can't fire someone for being transgender, same as you couldn't fire someone for being a Jew or being a woman or being gay.
On top of that it does criminalize this matter to a degree, but hate speech laws only apply to the most extreme cases. IE someone inciting genocide or violence against a protected class... not for using the wrong pronoun. This was simply grandstanding by Peterson in a realm he has no background in.
2. And as far as compelled speech being "fundamentally anti-Western" this is fundamentally untrue. Telling someone what they cannot say, can also be a form of compelled speech. That is the crux of Peterson's argument, if I am not allowed to misgender than I have to call you something else and that is compelling his speech to use pronouns he does not want to.
And here are some instances where compelled speech exists even in the US


Examples of compelled speech supported by law
Requiring a cable system to carry local stations – Turner Broadcasting v. FCC (1994)
Mandatory university fees that support groups with which other students disagree – Board of Regents of the University of Wisconsin System v. Southworth (2000)
Mandatory fees on agricultural products to support advertising – Johanns v. Livestock Marketing Association (2005)
Required availability of videos and podcasts in a form accessible to sight- and hearing-impaired persons
Subpoenas to companies compelling testimony that may be self-incriminatory
Filing a tax return
Warnings on alcohol and tobacco products
Not to mention that restrictions on freedom of expression exist in most Western democracies except the US, making the US policy anti-western not the other way around.
@_date: 2018-03-29 14:25:10
@_date: 2019-01-20 20:02:30
Bitcoin looks more like Blockbuster these days than banks tbh
@_date: 2019-01-09 16:44:53
Every market is susceptible to manipulation and if you think this has not happened yet to bitcoin you’re living in a bubble.
But cherry picking these instances doesn’t bolster your argument. And if anything at least when it happens with gold there is a degree of transparency and regulatory bodies that oversee them.
You are so close to being right though the problem is you’re suggesting that bitcoin is immune from the problems you just accused the entire market of having.
@_date: 2019-01-09 21:10:53
You're projecting, I responded very clearly to your claims but you can't even manage to type legible sentences.
It sounds like you're trying to convince yourself more than me.
@_date: 2018-03-29 14:24:56
how's this working out for you
@_date: 2018-03-29 14:42:35
Try 9 but the prediction is right in line with the Quinlan report.
Funny how that works.
@_date: 2018-02-05 14:39:10
This is a common argument "you clearly don't understand the tech" but from what I understand BTC has many flaws that have been highlighted with the growth of alt-coins.
The speed, and others mean that Bitcoin likely IS NOT the future however various forms of blockchain are.
Not only do you have to understand the tech but the economic and gov't policy that goes hand in hand. While blockchain is here to stay the fact that world govts will not continue to monitor and aim to regulate a market like crypto that is so ripe for scams, illegal purchases, and tax evasion is naive and ignorant.
With the current light being shed on blockhain, and BTC it's inconceivable to ignore that govt's and banks will actively be pursuing forms of regulation, and their own blockchain systems.
If you genuinely believe in a world where everyone is just using bitcoin to buy everything one day, you are the ones who lack understanding.
@_date: 2018-07-05 19:52:12
No the exact opposite.
I don’t know what words I wrote that even insinuated what you just said.
My claim is that these kinds of posts are stupid since they try to allude that because an analyst got it wrong in the last it’ll happen again which nobody knows.
I know what you’re trying to say I just think the way you’re choosing to do it (like many like you in the past) convinces certain people that they are banking on a sure thing which is the opposite of the intended effect.
And even though you think it will go up. And you deride me for making predictions that I didn’t even make but then do the same thing at the end of your post, hilarious 
@_date: 2018-07-05 16:22:37
It’s not a broad question, the simple answer is nothing /end
Posts like these are just ways to suggest to people of lower education and naïveté that BTC will go up again like before
@_date: 2018-04-03 11:32:40
Classic projection.
No one is threatened Bucky, you just told someone that losing any gains they made didn’t matter because “Muh free money”
If you can’t see how stupid that is, you should re-evaluate your life 
@_date: 2018-04-02 10:28:50
Lol wut
This is the stupidest thing I’ve ever read.
Sound like a gambling addict who finally wins it big then dumps a portion of those winnings into more gambling saying “no loss cause Muh free money”
@_date: 2019-05-17 14:00:51
Always amazes me how there are people who've used BTC to channel their frustrations with the current political discourse and reckless abuse those who are outside the financial elite take.
Bitcoin is many things, but this pie in the sky illusion that bitcoin is somehow immune from the exact same things that have plagued our economy by those who have insane amounts of capital to be a able to manipulate monetary policy and wealth is delusional.
@_date: 2018-12-21 19:37:03
I missed the shills only sign on the door
@_date: 2018-12-22 02:03:58
Ya cause he’s been real helpful in engaging me in discussion here. Yelling “you’re a shill!” Is so helpful and informative 
@_date: 2018-12-22 18:25:09
Lmfao oh man the ignorance of you people never ceases to make me laugh 
@_date: 2018-12-15 05:24:30
lol damn you dumb
@_date: 2018-12-21 15:54:14
I’m laughing at people falling for this again. It’s a pump and dump. People who lost a lot of money are buying up BTC to pump the value and increase hype. Only to dump their shares again.
Book it.
@_date: 2018-12-21 17:18:11
Lmfao the only shill is the guy who’s username is Bitcoin forever 
@_date: 2018-12-21 18:41:33
I’m personally of the opinion being any kind of shill means people should trust what you have to say, and you lack integrity and objectivity.
Probably the reason why you’re projecting your personal ignorance onto me and anyone that doesn’t agree with you as “bankster shilling”
But whatever you say bitcoin forever 
@_date: 2019-05-17 22:26:41
Lol yup. Don't get me started. I'm actually surprised I didn't get downvoted into oblivion here.
The bitcoin crowd tends to attract those types tbh.
@_date: 2018-12-27 23:53:51
Not all of Reddit.
r/enoughpetersonspam