@_author: co60
@_date: 2019-02-07 07:11:02


Without getting into the leisure gap, and the compensation vs leisure tradeoffs, the obvious answer is because our standard of living is substantially higher than it was in 1968.


Then don't buy useless shit and throw it away? You have control over what you purchase. 


Viewing housing as an investment has driven up demand for real estate, but that isn't the whole story. First, the average house sold today is not the same as the average house in sold in the 1960's. The size of homes has increased substantially, you are far more likely to have central heat/air, copper piping, a lack of asbestos, etc. The other major factor is that local politics in a subset of major cities has made it extremely difficult to build new housing. Cities like San Francisco and NYC skew the average home price because the housing prices in those areas has grown astronomically largely due to the restrictions on new housing. 
@_date: 2019-02-07 08:10:20


Like the most rudimentary of rudimentary macro. 


Honestly sit and think about this for a second. To keep this in the simplest terms imaginable, Banks lend money and 'friends and family' borrow money. If the bank lends me $500 that I have to pay back in a year, who benefits if the real value of that debt decreases (hint: its me).


Lmao over 300 years. God forbid you do something useful yet safe with your money like invest in an index fund or a CDIP and get a real return.


What's ridiculous is that you think the measure of a good currency is the 'return on hoarding in a mattress for hundreds of years" index. 


JFC, no. [You can look at the price volatility of bitcoin here]( You can superimpose that on a plot of the CPI or PCE if you want but you'll notice those graphs looks nothing like each other. 




You realize you sound internet version of the  "put everything gold" people that offer terrible financial advice after ever recession , right?


The banking system is not 'desperately' trying to kill bitcoin. 
Bitcoin has some marginal value for people trying to buy (generally less than legal) things entirely anonymously, and because people interested in the tech think it's a neat novelty item. The majority of Bitcoin's value comes from the same place all speculative bubbles come from: the belief that you can sell this thing in the future to someone else for more money than you originally paid for it. 
@_date: 2019-02-07 09:28:21


Industrialization, international trade, and globalization have literally lead to an unprecedented [decline in world poverty]( and an unprecedented [rise in living standards](


Even when the socialist or anarchist or  whateverist uprising happens, that isn't  going to change the fact that a stable but slightly inflationary currency is preferable to deflationary currency. 
I have to ask again why you think it is that we should want our currency to incentivize literally stuffing money in a mattress over saving in an FDIC insured CD-IP, saving by purchasing treasury bills, saving by investing in some relatively safe asset (like an index fund). In the first case our money does literally nothing, in the second case it can be lent out by a bank to someone trying to start a small business, or be used by the government to help pay for roads or defense, or by a business looking to open new facilities or research new technologies. I cannot fathom why we want a system that prefers mattress stuffing. There are plenty of assets/investments you can park your cash in if you want to be safe from inflation.
@_date: 2019-02-07 06:13:30


Congratulations you have just discovered why modern central banks target a stable inflation value. You prefer to invest or consume as opposed to hoarding cash under your mattress where it doesn't do anything useful. 
@_date: 2019-02-07 09:05:13
If you don't see a difference between stuffing your mattress full of hundreds and buying stocks I can't help you. 
Generally even when someone is talking about trading commodities they mean futures/options contracts (which can act like a type of insurance for the people raising the cattle, growing the corn or mining the gold), not physically buying up a bunch of gold or cows or wheat and sticking them in a closet for almost 350 years. 
Your missing the central point though, which is that 1) inflationary currencies help borrowers (generally households and business that want to expand) by eroding the real value of the debt and 
2) an economy where the currency is deflationary incentivizes hoarding at the margin over consumption or investment. Given that your spending (and/or investing) is what generates my income and my spending (and/or investing) is what generates your income, an economy where people just sit idly on money as opposed to having that money do something is an economy that doesn't function effectively. 
This is all entry level monetary economics. 