@_author: coachhousestudio
@_date: 2017-08-19 08:07:49
I consider myself a bit left and I love bitcoin. What has politics really got to do with a cryptocurrency anyway. Can we leave politics out of it please and just talk about the tech.
@_date: 2019-10-17 14:55:04
Having a BitCoin is one thing, but you still have to sell if back to people who want it (at the highest price its ever been) in order to gain cash back.
More places need to accept and use Bitcoin for it to be worth something - its use in criminal organisations makes it valuable, but if law enforcement manages to close down darknet markets on TOR for good somehow or learns how to trace transactions through the blockchain - unlikely, I admit, then the value of it will collapse overnight because it will no longer be able to do what it was designed for.  
It's a volatile and unpredictable gamble, but if you buy low, and can afford the loss.. its definitely a worthwhile gamble.
@_date: 2018-02-20 23:18:09
Like how grammar is more hard than you can cope with?
@_date: 2018-02-21 20:26:28
Nope. It's utterly miserable thank you! But maybe I can help people with their spelling and grammar so they get more from life.
@_date: 2018-02-20 23:30:04
But I heard he wanted to give away most of his fortune. Unless its just good PR, I'm impresed with him commitment and realisation - NOBODY needs that much money and the amount of good that could be done with it is immeasurable..
These philanthropic tech mogul billionaires are humanities last hope against the 1% and government psychopaths owning everything and everyone, pushing the wage gap between poverty and highest earners with nothing in between.
@_date: 2018-02-21 20:50:07
Well obviously, but there is a 1% of the 1% that are doing good with their money by investing. At least Google is trying to power it's portion of the internet with renewables, Elon is investing in solar, batteries and electric cars (sure, he'll make money - but he was the only one to take a leap and see if the market could sustain him.. it did and now all the other car manufacturers are following suit). He has reignited the space race, he's working on underground traffic relief and hyperloop (whether it works or not.. at least he has a vision).
You've got Bill &amp; Melinda Gates who have pledged virtually all of their fortune on malaria cures, clean water, futuristic eco toilets and various other positive pursuits.
Why is it these visionaries spending their own money.. they put the government to shame.. they blow money left and right on obviously outdated and pointless projects, it becomes clear when you have people setting a futuristic eco goal and pursuing themselves, that the government is a corrupt mess of backhanders and bribes.
In the UK the 'HS2' is a high speed train that was proposed 5+ years ago, it was obsolete as soon as it was selected, it's still on the drawing board and.. the kicker.. the brother of the UK transport minister has shared in HS2. These sort of projects get proposed and paid for constantly and they are either a housing eyesore that benefits nobody, out of date technology or poorly planned and executed construction.
The National Health Service still doesn't have a working computer database of patients or their systems linked up correctly. It's the most important service in the whole of the UK and it has money being siphoned off at every level by management heavy structure. Hardly any doctors or nurses being laid well, yet everyone has a lazy manager being paid more than their share to do virtually nothing or they don't even know what they're doing.
The whole system should have iPads with customer records, a connection to every hospital and patient records. Digitised xray and MRI scans etc. Instead, all paperwork is still being done by hand, stuff gets lost, the system is super slow, there are no beds. It needs an AI overhaul with Watson doing cancer treatment and care plans. Automate or fire all the managers and pay the working, trained and educated staff far more..
Fucking government.. useless, arguing bunch of out of touch ego manics. I could. Fix most of the country in less than a week.
I would also like to add that the propaganda never gets corrected. The tabloids like to name and shame benefits frauds, as if giving money to people that need help is killing the country. It's not. Less than 1% of all taxes go towards benefits. Having lost my job and been sick, I can tell you it was harder to get benefits than to go back to work. You get barely any money, enough to eat and pay a bill or two. They check in on you every 2 weeks and if you make a mistake, the payments stop. It takes HOYRS to fill out the forms and sick pay is only around $500 a month to cover everything you need. Food, bills, rent etc. The lot. And it doesn't last. If you're job seeking they will stop payment if you don't get a job in a certain time and you have to attend interviews every week and they record your time online. You must spend 35 hours a week browsing for jobs (the time you would have spent working, you have to send out resume/CVs and job hunt)
So.. they don't correct the misinformation that the public believes, that the economy is a state because people are draining the system cheating to get free money. That system is essential in getting people back on their feet after an accident or losing a job. It is not a piggy bank for the lazy. And I paid back what I borrowed in a few months anyway with 20% income tax!
@_date: 2018-02-20 23:24:41
But 'cloud' is just a buzzword for an online network you can 'hire' or in the case of something like Google/Apple photos - a chunk of is allocated to you for 'free'.
There has always been cloud computing (Supercomputers have always been accessible across the country by research groups - I doubt Universities and Governments called their research supercomputers 'Clouds'. its just got a new name. Folding/SETI was cloud computing before it was called Cloud. There's never been such a thing as BlockChain before it was invented.
@_date: 2018-02-21 20:29:48
I'm from the UK so I don't know much about all these mad characters that pop up from time to time. I always heard Buffet was a good guy.. I guess not. Power corrupts, all those billions, no matter how good you start off . I wonder who comes out the woodwork to talk to you when you do become rich? People that can introduce you, people that can get whatever you want for a price, blackmailers.. you name it.
@_date: 2018-02-20 23:13:21
You just did..  expect the unexpected.
@_date: 2018-02-20 23:15:35
Can't we use miners as water heaters? If it was going to be heated anyway, can't we use the energy for something useful.