@_author: coachki
@_date: 2015-06-27 15:23:42


- Is the dollar decentralized? Hundreds of millions of people own USD.
- Is PayPal decentralized? Hundreds of millions of people have PayPal accounts.
- Is Ripple decentralized? The people behind it can freeze your funds at a moment's notice.
Clearly the number of users of a currency is not in any way correlated with the decentralization of said currency.
Clearly the number of users of a payment network is not in any way correlated with the decentralization of said payment network.
And going by Ripple's ability to freeze funds, having a blockchain in and of itself does not in any way mean the funds stored on the blockchain are decentralized.
For instance, if we get Bitcoin into the hands of 100,000,000 people but only one full node remains standing in the entire world, and this one full node is owned by JP Morgan, that's very dangerously centralized. So centralized would be the trust into JP Morgan's control over the single full node that it means Bitcoin would be plainly unsuitable as a store of value any more than say the USD.
The owner of the one full node on the network dictates network policy. This is why nodes have to be in the hands of the people at large, who are home desktop PC users. Because if you want the money to represent the people and not TPTB, the *people* have to be in majority control of nodes on a distributed, global basis. This is the only way for them to be sure Bitcoin can't be taken away from them, and is key to making Bitcoin as money, into a public utility not unlike electricity.
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:18:00


"No True Scotsman" fallacy
Everyone wants Bitcoin to succeed, and to scale. The question is when and how, and is it a good idea to set precedent for political hard forks against the wishes of the maintainers of the project.


And do you also give a pass to "Bitcoin 2.0" companies? They live and die in the nether regions of blockspace, and need fees to be as small as possible to efficiently inject arbitrary data.
What about the likes of BlockCypher and Chain.com, and other startups that make cash the harder it is to run a full node?
This isn't just about sidechains and altcoins, there's a huge amount of VC funds riding on colored coins and blockchain API services.
You're also forgetting MultiBit, which is extracting a 1000 Satoshi fee per transaction. Or the numerous open source wallets now working with multisig providers which charge a fee to unlock funds. Tons of different angles make the block size debate full of holes and vested interest.
@_date: 2015-06-27 15:59:56


This "Corporate Altcoins Will Beat Bitcoin" scaremongering has been around since 2010. It hasn't happened yet, and it's because the longest blockchain with the most hashing power and highest market price, wins. Not just wins, but increasingly dominates and monopolizes the competition, taking a bigger and bigger slice of the pie until it consumes all other currencies.
Who are you to say culling block size to support home desktop full node usage isn't a short term risk with long term benefits? What if a blockchain like Litecoin provides 80% of the benefits of Bitcoin but you can still run its lightweight full node on a home desktop, which is outright impossible to do with BTC? Wouldn't Litecoin have superior privacy and trustlessness for the common man? Isn't that a unique selling proposition of cryptocurrency, and if so, why are you so confident risking *that* foundational benefit will have long term rewards? From my point of view, that's exactly the short sighted move that makes Bitcoin end up getting bested by a much lighter weight competitor that puts money into the hands of the people.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:59:22


If I task you with the impossible, such as hiking Mount Everest barefooted, the relative simplicity of my request is moot. Do you dispute that 8GB blocks are technologically infeasible to support today given the state of hardware and internet connectivity? If so, do you see why the relative simplicity of full nodes matters less than upper technological bounds?


*In the extreme case*, where only one full node exists on the entire Bitcoin network, Bitcoin is virtually indistinguishable from PayPal. If JP Morgan is the only entity running the single full node for the entire world, you would be placing all of network policy squarely into the hands of JP Morgan: no different from how PayPal works currently.
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:34:02
What about this link disputes BlockCypher's relationship with ShapeShift.io?
The very fact ShapeShift.io is outsourcing its Bitcoin exchange's full node to a centralized company is proof positive that companies can't be relied upon to run full nodes, even with tons more adoption. They're already outsourcing this at 1MB blocks. Why wouldn't more companies outsource full nodes as larger blocks further increase the costs?


Yes, and Satoshi also said in that same infamous ML post everyone loves referencing that sending GB DVDs over the internet 5-10 years later wouldn't seem like a big deal. 5 years later is this year, 2015, and it's *still* quite substantial to download many GB DVDs over the internet. Bandwidth and storage space have grown, just not as much as we might've hoped for in 2010.
Importantly, when billions of people run full nodes, no external force can pressure humanity into controversially "upgrading" their money into something it's not based on political whim, which is the *whole point of Bitcoin*. Such a farce shouldn't even *conceivably exist* if you want the public to have as much confidence in Bitcoin as they have in electricity.
And time is on our side. It's simply not the case that if billions end up adopting Bitcoin through Coinbase, they're stuck there forever. With advances in hardware capacity and connectivity, more and more people could move away from Coinbase, starting with the bulk of their cold storage funds, and gradually including their daily spending money.
@_date: 2015-06-27 15:43:37


If I'm "Allowing" you to buy my Ferrari, does that have any meaningful effect on your ability to fork over the $100,000?
Do you realize ShapeShift.io, as a Bitcoin exchange, is outsourcing its full node to BlockCypher.com? This line of logic, that more users == more full nodes, is based on flawed assumption that companies will run full nodes out of the goodness of their hearts, or because they need trustlessness. However, judging by the actions of ShapeShift.io, this is far from guaranteed. The only way to ensure adoption of full nodes happens is to make running a full node on a home desktop PC roughly as fast and easy as running SPV wallets. Failing that, almost no one new will run a full node.


False dichotomy / strawman. First, you couldn't hold all the world's transactions on the blockchain if billions adopted Bitcoin tomorrow they'd be forced onto Coinbase and Xapo. 1MB blockchain can support billions of users on Coinbase and Xapo, but makes the Bitcoin blockchain act as more of a settlement network between banks. I fully understand why nobody wants this, but if billions adopted Bitcoin tomorrow, that's inevitably what would happen. It's not the end of the world, see: Moore's Law. They'd get out of centralized services as quickly as technology progressed to allowing home desktop usage of a Bitcoin full node with billions of global users.


Yeah, but it doesn't *have to*. If in 20 years, we have PB fiber internet connections everywhere, people could be syncing the full blockchain in seconds. Or, we could stupidly follow the paradigm that full nodes belong in datacenters. In the former adoption model, the traffic to and from your Bitcoin wallet is indistinguishable from other network traffic, and it's *impossible* for any government to meddle in Bitcoin, since everyone is running a full node on their home desktop PC, and hence making changes to Bitcoin requires compromising billions of computers.
Bitcoin can either be like electricity or PayPal. Which one do you think makes P2P currency more assuredly a sweeping success?


Exactly, as Nick stated, it's much more powerful for full nodes to be in the hands of real people instead of being thought of as mere server accessories. The more physical entities who have hands on control over Bitcoin, the more resilient Bitcoin is against outside threats, and the closer it comes to a public utility like electricity.
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:32:34


How are you going to charge me for running a full node on my own computer? That does not make sense to me. Do you want me to buy closed source software? No thank you.


It's misallocating resources. Billions of people could have Coinbase accounts, and Coinbase can just batch transactions together paying high fees and at the end of it, you'd have your money in cold storage on the main blockchain. We don't need 8GB blocks to achieve that.
Lightning. Sidechains. And 80+% of all bitcoins in circulation are in cold storage. Why optimize the network around the 20% of all bitcoins that represent by value a much smaller proportion of funds? The less valuable 20% of BTC can just use LN, sidechains or endless other scaling options. That the 80% in cold storage stay safe from political whim is far more important.
It's possible for a political whim to vote on debasing 21,000,000 coin limit for example, then your cold storage funds are at identical political risk of inflation as fiat currency. This completely defeats the purpose of having BTC.
The only way to guard against that is to proliferate home desktop PC full node usage. To squander a PB connection by maxing out servers when you could use that same new power to make full nodes the default modus operandi of Bitcoin, greatly supplanting the network's robustness and resilience? That's an inexcusable misallocation of resources.
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:56:59
Why wouldn't you run a full node if you wanted maximum privacy? Won't there always exist demand for financial privacy and autonomy? Yes? Then you agree there will *always* exist demand amongst users to run full nodes on home desktop PCs.
Again, if everyone has PB internet in the future, they can sync the blockchain in minutes and use full node desktop wallets as easily as SPV desktop wallets. Or, we can squander new exponential technological growth based on the misguided notion that all full nodes should be relegated to running in large data centers by companies. Certainly if billions of people had PB internet, they would choose in large part to run full nodes which in the long term creates a vastly more robust and resilient Bitcoin network. Either Bitcoin provides trustless access to home desktop users, or some other cryptocurrency will.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:03:27


Then implement 1GB blocks on a sidechain first, to test it before making it network wide policy? Isn't that what sidechains are for?
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:22:57


True, but we do have an idea what sidechains will look like. Certainly more innovative than any other current Bitcoin related project. Why would you expect anything less of Blockstream's work on LN?


Growing uncontrollably ends with Bitcoin "naturally" centralizing around a handful of trusted full nodes. We know this, because it's already happening even when we *are* careful with block size. Leaving the network up to gravity itself takes Bitcoin squarely in the direction of PayPal.
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:13:39
I'm not terribly convinced modern technology can even *process* a single 8GB block within a 10 minute span, let alone a more sensitive window of time that allows for easily syncing the chain.
And I sincerely doubt you've processed an 8GB block before in the span of 10 minutes.
Worse still, 8GB blocks mean the blockchain grows by over 1TB per day. ++365TB per year. Who would run a Bitcoin full node today under these impossible conditions? It's very simple task: like hiking Everest barefoot. Just because it's simple doesn't mean its survivable let alone the optimal choice.
@_date: 2015-06-27 19:56:21
That's only if you assume miners are long term hodlers not looking to exchange out of BTC in the short term. Or that they're ideologically driven. Highly spurious assumptions to make when we're talking about how other people allocate their investments.
By default, it's only safe to assume miners are motivated strictly by short term profit, and only have their own selfish interests of making money, in mind. Your post is a lot like saying "we can trust Chinese World of Warcraft botnet gold farmers to have the best interests of World of Warcraft in mind". It's absurd to think we should give botfarmers with questionable loyalty even more power and control.
@_date: 2015-06-27 07:00:19


This is the most mystifying part of your whole post. Coinbase, Circle and Xapo have clear revenue models based on centralizing Bitcoin wallet functions and providing abstractions on top of the blockchain written in their own internal SQL. If users can't use the blockchain to make payments, they'll have to flock to Coinbase. In addition, companies like BlockCypher and Chain.com could be pushing for *bigger* blocks to ensure more users for their full blockchain API services.
And what about colored coins? "Bitcoin 2.0" companies live and die in the nether regions of blockspace. Their projects need block space to be as cheap as possible so that they can inject their data more gracefully and inexpensively to the blockchain.
You'll need to explain your position more fully. Do you think users by the billions will be lined up to adopt just *any* arbitrary cryptocurrency, heretofore undefined by you? Why, when and how?
When everyone runs a full node in 700 years, humanity will be born into a money that is firmly outside the clutches of arbitrary political whim, which is the point of having a fixed supply global monetary standard secured by cryptography. What we are trying to do is make Bitcoin as secure and trustless as any other lasting cryptographic standard, and we have a very steep uphill battle to get there. That we have a minimal number of full nodes "deployed" by an increasingly large majority of server users, instead of desktop users, is just symptomatic of launching such a poorly understood but incredibly disruptive technology. The users demand scaling of a flood based messenging network that quickly bloats up into something unmanageable for home desktop users if left unculled, this is fact. The engineers who know this is true know that it will kill much of the project's safety buffer against external intrusions to the sanctity of cold storage funds, and are hence unwilling to allow anyone to prod in that direction unless direly and demonstrably needed.


Now, I'm sure "low fees" *helped* get you involved in Bitcoin, but are they *really* what convinced you to invest a large sum in BTC? Not to be nosy or anything, but *did* you invest a six+ figure sum based on this?
In 700 years, the block size can surely be safely increased, even exponentially. But what about over the next 20 years? Isn't that too slim a margin for error in the scheme of things, when you're extremely confident in the long term value proposition of Bitcoin as is?
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:23:13
Bitcoin can become PayPal, or it can "scale". These outcomes are mutually exclusive.


Yeah, it's almost as if dissenting opinions receive guaranteed downvotes mostly without responses when it comes to the block size debate, which of course makes me all that much more willing to change my mind and behaviors /s. I'm happy that you're responding with content, but I would never want a non throwaway to get downvoted to oblivion for citing my real opinions.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:51:40
Yeah, it's weird when people with significantly differing economic ideals converge and clash, with one camp subsequently attempting to trample over the other whilst screaming "economic majority".
This is why sidechains exist.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:48:10
Just a moment ago, you were ad homing "The 1MBers" as being majority anarchist libertarians. Looks like you're now changing the enemy of your story to anarchist libertarian *levered futures traders*.
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:26:40


This article made no such conclusion. Ethereum's blockchain size has ballooned to over 30GB after a few weeks of testing. Do you really think blockchain size is at all correlated with a currency's competitive position? Why wouldn't resource bloat be considered a negative here?
And *raising* the limit would allow for additional capacity, but there has to be limits. Technology can't handle processing 8GB blocks today, hence there must be some meaningful counterforce applied. Not applying counterforce to unrestrained blocksize growth will just erode Bitcoin's competitive position as a trustless cryptocurrency. All this in the name of adoption at all costs, while bolstering "Bitcoin 2.0" companies alongside blockchain API providers like BlockCypher.com and Chain.com which earn more cash the harder it is for you to run a full node.
Litecoin would be freaking DUMB not to champion themselves as having lighter weight full nodes for superior levels of privacy. Make that unavailable in Bitcoin to home desktop PC users, and they will be forced to seek trustless cryptocurrency elsewhere.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:27:51


As if they aren't already?


Don't core developers already "hold sway" over critical basic properties of Bitcoin, through the BIP process?
What makes you think signing off on BIP101 means the developers have any less sway over future BIPs?


It wouldn't be "actively managed", in the sense that all hard fork decisions are performed under clear and present existential theats to the network. That's a very clearly defined metric when compared to the political posturing of XT.


By definition, dynamic block size limits are unpredictable because the market for the dynamic limit can be gamed and changed by the market itself.


OK. I disagree.
@_date: 2015-06-27 17:43:03
I didn't ask if you *can* validate, I asked if you have validated 8GB blocks today.


That explains merely *keeping pace* with 8GB blocks. It doesn't describe how you sync the blockchain initially. If you can barely keep pace with 8GB blocks, it follows that your node will never sync, or will take an absurd waiting period of months if not years to sync. This spells the death of all full nodes except for the ones owned by JP Morgan, and in the snap of our fingers we have PayPal.


And I'm calling BS. Not only will you fail to sync 8GB blocks per 10 minutes on modern hardware, you are flat wrong to assume our goal should be maxing out hardware *at all*. Bitcoin should be akin to a public good, like air or water. Owning Bitcoin should have zero political risk, which is clearly not the case today given the effects of XT. Burdening full nodes to the highest possible degree does NOT result in proliferation of nodes, but the opposite - further catalyzing the grave move towards PayPal and a world where a handful of full nodes are owned by major banks.


You keep telling me 8GB is possible on modern hardware. Either it's possible, or it's not. If it's not clearly there exists the need to control the size of Bitcoin blocks, so as to avoid turning Bitcoin into PayPal 2.0.