@_author: cocktails5
@_date: 2014-07-15 21:32:53
Another thought:
Consider how exactly we talk about the value of a currency. We generally don't talk about it's value in other currencies unless we're discussing global economics and the effect the exchange rates have on things like international trade. We talk about the value of a currency in relation to it's purchasing power. We all have a pretty good idea of what a dollar is worth to us in terms of what exactly one dollar can purchase. 
I would argue that BTC isn't a currency currently because nobody has any idea what the value of a BTC is *without relating it to the value of the USD*. Even if you're one of the few people that is using BTC exclusively without using exchanges, the price in BTC that is being charged or goods and services is still being pegged to the USD's purchasing power. In the case of businesses using hybrid exchange-transaction processors, this is a direct pegging. In the case of non-exchange transactions, it is indirectly pegged because our internalized valuation is pegged to the dollar. 
As an example of this, consider a situation where we have a person selling drugs on the Silk Road. Lets say that this person holds a very strong belief in the use of BTC as a currency and doesn't even look at or have knowledge of the exchange rate of BTC. This person sets a price in BTC and that is that. Now, how does that person determine what the price of his products should be? They don't have any reference for what a BTC is worth in USDs so they can only use the price of other goods priced in BTCs to get a sense of the value of a BTC. But, if all of those prices are pegged to the USD and those prices are fluctuating wildly, our seller is going to have quite some trouble trying to effectively determine what to price products at. How do they compete with other sellers if one any given day their product is either priced significantly above the market (causing poor sales) or is priced significantly below the market (causing profit loss). 
As long as the exchange rate fluctuates so wildly, there is no way that people are going to be able to develop a baseline for internalizing the relative value of a BTC. You can't think to yourself "a gallon of milk costs 0.03BTC" when your valuation is pegged to the dollar and the exchange rate swings wildly. Inflation and deflation rates are extremely low and do not usually change very quickly. This is a good thing because markets (well, people) don't do well when purchasing power is changing quickly. 
If BTC was actually a currency, market forces would primary be determining the purchasing power of BTC and not the exchange rate. If  you have a few hundred milk vendors all selling gallons of milk in BTC then the market will eventually settle on some price that makes sense in terms of the overall market. Such a situation does not exist and likely will not exist as long as exchanges are heavily used. But people won't stop using exchanges as long at their internal sense of value is pegged on the dollar. This is the reason I can't think of an situation in which BTC is ever validly going to be considered a currency.
The use of BTC as a currency is directly at odds with people's exuberance about BTC increasing in value in relation to the dollar. If people were really interested in BTC being a useful currency they would be wishing for price stability. How many people do you see around here doing that? Nobody. People want the exchange rate to increase because they view it as a commodity investment that they can make money on. Those two goals are directly at odds with one another.
@_date: 2014-07-15 17:59:52


You're talking about deflation of the the price of goods not deflation of the exchange rate of Bitcoin which is what the conversation is about. Two extremely different things. 
@_date: 2014-07-15 21:00:38


It's not so much about the definition of currency but the fact that inflation and deflation are concepts that relate to the prices of goods and services not of exchange rates. The only reason one talks about BTC being inflationary or deflationary is because in a monetary supply primarily denominated in BTC the nature of BTC will directly affect the price of goods and services. The price volatility currently seen in BTC exchange rates doesn't have anything to do with inflation or deflation because use of BTC as a currency (i.e. people directly exchanging previously held BTC for goods and services without using an exchange) is absolutely dwarfed by the USD. The only thing affecting inflation or deflation is the USD supply. 
What BTC does operate *exactly* like is any stock or commodity market. You hold stock and want to buy something with it? You sell it to make it liquid (in USD) and then buy something with the USDs. There's nothing to stop you from directly trading stock to someone for goods and services except that it isn't practical, but that doesn't make stocks a currency. In the case of BTC, the exchanges happen to make that exact process just practical enough. As long as people are primarily dealing with exchanges, the real currency being used is USDs and not BTCs. 
@_date: 2014-07-15 19:01:23


BTC is price deflationary *if you're strictly using Bitcoin* for the transaction due to the hard cap on total BTC. That is what people mean when they talk about BTC being deflationary. A currency is inherently deflationary when the monetary supply can't expand. 
If you do any conversation to and from USD when purchasing something, there is no inflation or deflation relating to BTC because the price of the good or service is pegged to the inflation or deflation of the USD and not to BTC. If the exchange rate of BTC increases then the cost of goods and services demoninated in BTC decreases because the prices are automatically being converted from their USD values to their BTC values by the payment processor. This has nothing to do with inflation or deflation of the cost of goods and services since the inflation rate is tied to the USD.
Now, if you're talking purely about a BTC denominated market with no conversion to USD, then holding BTC is good because prices are deflationary. But nobody here seems to be talking about that since the conversation is about "price stability" i.e. the exchange rate to USD. 
This is what happens when you try and talk about BTC like it's actually a currency when it currently functions almost exclusively as a distributed payment processor for USD. People talk about inflation and deflation when right now those terms don't properly apply to much of anything relating to BTC. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 23:08:31
And if they were smart, they'd have sold at 20k (or fuck, 10k) and had a few hundred million dollars to live like kings for the rest of their lives. But I suspect that you and I both know that those people are unicorns. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 22:36:45
You aren't a millionaire until you sell. If everybody tried to be a millionaire, well, there goes your currency. Someone loses. Someone always loses. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 12:05:39
Exactly. "A technology like that." Meaning Bitcoin could be displaced completely by any other cryptocurrency. Scarcity of a particular coin doesn't neccessitate value if there are unlimited different coins.
@_date: 2018-12-27 21:12:39
I don't think you know the first thing about what most lawyers actually do. 