@_author: coconuttypower
@_date: 2015-05-28 09:26:43
Actually SPV compatibility is at least possible with CounterParty. How well such an approach would work remains to be seen.
As for some of the things that have been done: I think this POS demo is pretty cool:
(you can create any counterparty asset and require a user to send that asset before being redirected to the next stage, So in essence imagine you own a t-shirt store, you can give your users a 5% off token and send it to their bitcoin address. When the time comes they send the token back to activate the discount. Or you can replace a password/user prompt with this. Only members have a MEMBERSTOKEN and they must send this to be granted access. Unlike a traditional database it can't be dumped. A site compromise doesn't result in all members user/pass combo being exposed.
 Or you create a kickstarter style fundraise and give users a token for backing certain goals. They send a QUADCOPTER5 token and receive a quadcopter in the mail days later. Or you create a game and distribute tokens for unlocking certain things like XBL points. Users can trade this on the decentralized exchange if they choose. We can have a completely bitcoin centric closed use token/gift economy on the blockchain. I would love a world where we can have unfettered closed loop trade like this. Another cool thing is this  It's a reputation and trading service for XCP assets and issuers that will allow users to filter out some of the crud
I think the possibilities are huge because this tech allows us to create unforgeable databases on the bitcoin blockchain.
The more this network is used for p2p swaps (whether it be domain style registrations and trades, use of tokens in asset based puzzles or fiat backed tokens on the blockchain for trading currency directly between users) the more the bitcoin network volume increases too.  A rising tide lifts both these ships
I think this kind of technology is currently hugely under-appreciated, the ability to trade things on the blockchain (not through a website) between each other is something I am desperately hoping for. Right now it is possible.. however almost nobody uses it favoring centralized exchanges :(
@_date: 2015-05-28 12:07:27
Thank you. You made some salient points.  I had initially heard of it from Thomas (electrum developer) and Andrew miller.
I guess implementation had not been sufficiently reviewed at that point?
@_date: 2015-05-28 09:37:40
Honestly that's an unfair and uneducated comment. I remember few years ago the same type of comments around bitcoin being useless. It's only useless to those without minds to see the potentials.
 There are real, tangible uses for counterparty. I can register an asset on the bitcoin blockchain which will never be taken away, never be seized or otherwise deleted. I can place this asset for sale at any time on a decentralized market running on-top of bitcoin blockchain without interference from middlemen. That asset can represent anything whether it be a gram of gold, photoshop product key or a cup of coffee.
using counterparty on the blockchain gives users strong property rights as they own the private keys. We could do land transfers like this, distribute DRM, have global unforgeable databases etc.
Using counterparty I can have form of access control (someone needs to own my MEMBERSONLY token and send it to me before being granted into my website members section. Some websites already do this: 
You could do the same thing on a physical door if you wanted. You can literally store and access housekeys in the blockchain. Let that sink in for a minute
Or you can create vending machines to instantly swap BTC for assets and vice versa.
again, such things already exist.
Now smart contracts are such a huge subject I couldn't possibly go into them but it's fair to say there are a huge amount of unrealised potential innovations involving them, and counterparty lets you do that "on" bitcoin blockchain instead of an alternate chain, for that I'm welcome as we have now two testing grounds.
@_date: 2015-05-28 10:26:44
For a start using satoshi aka colored coins there is *no distributed exchange mechanism*. The whole selling point of counterparty is the decentralized exchange and order matching engine.
Whilst SPV is possible using colored coins it doesn't scale well tracking colors. The alternative is that users have to provide their own asset tracking servers. Counterparty does not require any of that.
With colored coins you also need pseudo-centralized validators who's profit model is collecting fees. 
See Vitalik's posts here for a comparison: 
