@_author: codeismylife
@_date: 2018-09-01 10:17:55
My inner libertarian gets super stoked when Austrian economic theory makes it to the front page of r/bitcoin
Lambos are good and all, but this is what it's all about. There's a looming existential crisis by leaving money in the hands of government. They want to be in everything including lemonade stands!
@_date: 2018-06-20 13:47:58


Not really. You actually want competing currencies so long as governments are going to be involved in the control of their supply and circulation. You constantly want to avoid any kind of SPOF. 
It is one reason why the Euro is so bad for the EU; you can't escape the bad decisions made by the ECB no matter how atrocious they are if you're in the EU.
To sum it up, being global alone doesn't in on if itself ensure inflation can be staved off. What matters more is keeping control of currency away from governments (good or bad).
@_date: 2018-06-21 02:09:00
I'd posit that taking two of the quickest examples to come to mind as regards hyperinflation (Zimbabwe and Venezuela), governments have been directly involved in that tragic outcome. Anyone who stored their wealth in those currencies was essentially screwed.
I do have a big problem with globalization because it allows for governments to spread their malaise. Case in point:
 let them come and scare us with threats of chaos and the seven plagues,''  ''We Argentines must believe in ourselves.'' "During the last 10 years, some I.M.F. staff gave very bad advice to Argentina"
This is how Argentina responded to debts owed to IMF as they were defaulting on the loans around the year 2003. They wouldn't pay the debt and it was because it wasn't their fault yet they squandered it leftist policies and at whose dime you ask...? Well, everyone else's in the world including poor developing nations (the IMF raises its money from contributions from all member states). Taxing poor people to fund leftists' programs in countries that have nothing to do with them seems to me like an atrocity.
A couple of years later after responding so arrogantly to the IMF, that same Argentina has come back to beg for more money from the IMF and they got it! 
Sources: 
* 
* 
* 
@_date: 2018-07-23 08:15:01
This feels desperate now. I want Bitcoin to succeed, but on its own merits. This type of move wouldn't necessarily guarantee that bitcoin gets used. **Organic growth to such a gigantic number** of users/merchants would be better than being at the behest of Jack Dorsey.
@_date: 2018-07-20 05:50:12


Not one person? Really?
Regardless of that, it still changes nothing about the point I was making.
@_date: 2018-07-29 17:33:41
Nothing wrong with what you're doing. Demand and supply is the name of the game. I'd bet you they'd be happy to do it. I've been in dire straits and in those moments I'd have done it.