@_author: coder_1024
@_date: 2018-01-22 00:26:33
Most sensible reply amongst an overexcited bunch of people who don't really understand anything about finance. Kudos !
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:18:52
Can someone please elaborate on why is the control on currency by central banks and government assumed to be a tyranny ?
What are the exact problems people are facing due to them ?
@_date: 2018-02-05 01:04:46
Right. But that's a very shallow argument. I m not trying to support banksters and I love the tech behind cryptos. But I hate it when people are just hating the banks based on the perception created by media and just bcoz all others abusing the bankers, instead of understanding the reality.
I have asked this question on Reddit so many times but no crytpo enthusiast has been able to give  convincing reasons of why they hate bankers.
It seems they are not aware about how our economy runs, how Fiat money is accessible to everyone and how it helps maintain a balance, security etc.
Regarding 2008 crisis, only blaming the banks would be akin to blaming today's big tech companies 20-30 years later,  for failing to account the dangers of AI early on  which allowed  AI to start becoming a threat to humanity.
Or blaming the government for allowing companies to do AI research. Future generations will curse us just like we curse the govt today about how didn't we take enough measures and we're happily busy watching and creating AI win over our own humans.
These big events are result of large number of small events, govt policies etc that occured throughout the financial system over several years. I doubt any single bank would have been able to predict how their activities will not just create trouble for them but also for the entire US financial system. If they actually predicted, wouldn't themselves exited the business before bubble burst.
 And if govt shouldn't have bailed them out, should they have just let the entire financial system fail ?
Also if u watch documentaries such as inside job u will realize there were housing mortgage companies who actually started giving loans to people with no income. These are not wall street firms. Why not blame them as well ?
Also another interesting thing to note is that, most of these so called tech disrupters who hate wall street ultimately end up going to wall street banks to help them create their IPOs and sell their stocks to common public. Those founders and early employees become rich bcoz of selling their papers to the US public. And as u must have seen from popular app IPOs that came in last year, which are down significantly, why doesn't anyone question these tech founders ? Isn't the good hardworking US population bailing them out ? 
I just hope that we all try to better understand both the current financial system of Fiat money as well as about cryptos and make informed choices rather than being biased based on perceptions created by media.
Thanks :)
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:22:07
What's your problem with banksters ?
Do u know how finance, economics work ?
@_date: 2018-03-24 19:16:43
What better solution was there for Fed to boost the economy ? Let's debate on that.
How could have Bitcoin helped in that 2008 scenario ?
How could have cryptos been accessible to a large number of non tech people ?
@_date: 2018-02-05 01:23:53
That's not necessarily a good assumption. People have tried doing mining and all this just out of curiosity.
And most of the early adopters, miners are tech people who know nothing about economics and finance. And I m not saying this to hurt someone but this is something I have experienced last whole year when I tried to understand but couldn't find any convincing  arguments of why cryptos better for our economy compared to current Fiat money system.
I tried to read articles, watch YouTube videos etc.but all in can.
If yorn2 can point me to some resources such as videos, debates, thoughtful articles  about the economic aspect of cryptos, I will be really grateful.