@_author: codebramha
@_date: 2017-06-12 22:09:38
I cant agree with you more on this, yesterday my friend and i sat on the system and went through the long process of setting up the account for him.
To my surprise, the website is not only shitty but has so much lag, after multiple trails on setting up the debit card which in itself took like 30 minutes , yes the basic two transfer step where we had to enter the amounts kept freezing and after 2 attempts it basically said too many attempts and froze completely.
After 6 hours i pulled him back and sat on the system again, this time the debit card was setup and now we were up for more wonders on this website. 
Like coinbase is listed as number 1 exchange on this sub and else where but wtf man, the debit card limit was set to 150$ ? are you serious coinbase? and when we clicked that little button that says increase limit, it basically jumped to 500$ and froze the screen, i was like wtf is going on here. is this exchange site for real? what piece of shit servers are they hosting it on, are you using cloud or not? i mean with the amount of traffic and transactions multiplied by the heavy fucking fees they charge us, i expect it to be atleast hosted on a dedicated cloud!
Moving on, clicked on buy/sell tab and only to add more to our troubles the limit jumped back to 150.00$ and at this point my friend not only lost complete interest , we started questioning the authenticity of this site, basically the experience can be matched with that of some phishing websites hosted by friendly pakistani/nigerian hackers!
So, i clicked on the increase limit button again only to see it jump back to 500.00$ like wtf on earth are you doing coinbase with our bank account/card details uploaded with a PII(DL in this case). 
At this point, am like fuck this lets buy 1 ETH, move it to electrum wallet, delete the damn coinbase account and call it a day. So i proceeded to click on buy 1 ETH, it charged some 14.00$ as fee, yeah thanks coinbase for using a free open source tech, build a crappy stupid slow exchange and charge a shit load of fee on top of it. 
Well the story is not over yet, the coinbase wallet dashboard didnt update after, we finished buying ETH. Yeah, at this moment my friend who was willing to put in 30,000$ on bitcoin just backed off! I was frustrated enoug to just log out and get the heck out of there. 
I suspect govt. foul play using hackers to slow down the systems but we customers expect atleast a courtesy customer care service. I still dont understand, how people are swayed into using coinbase after yesterdays experience. Thanks coinbase for turning into a pseudo bankster and defeating the purpose of bitcoin!
End of the rant!