@_author: codile
@_date: 2016-08-28 22:42:51


Until you remember that businesses are people too.
@_date: 2015-12-23 20:12:06
It would be more relevant to torrents, but bitcoin and torrents are the same right? Bitcoin is p2p, torrents are p2p, all is good! /s
@_date: 2015-12-23 19:13:00
Well, Einstein did say that democratic socialism was the best way to improve education.
@_date: 2015-12-24 01:40:13


There are a million ways if you have money. You can pay for advertisement and such. Sure, you can start an organization, but that's a lot of overhead for issues that need to be addressed as quickly as possible. And "breaking the law" is a bit too rigid. Civil Rights activists in the United States and Anti-Nazi protesters in Nazi German both broke the law during their activities, but that doesn't make them bad. And no, you can't force people to listen, but you should at least have the opportunity to be heard by as many people, who might be interested in what you have to say, as possible.
I also understand what you're saying about the militia, and I agree that the constitution is too outdated to be used for many modern scenarios; but... it's one of the few things that can be used to argue such points because everyone knows it. I could have also used the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, a much more modern document, to argue the importance of the right of privacy.


And yes. I get that you give up your right to privacy as soon as you log into Facebook or even start up Windows. And that even ISPs own your data, but in that case, there's really no alternative. That's like installing cameras into every building in the nation and telling people that they can just live on the streets if they don't like it, because you put yourself and your possessions into a house that doesn't belong to you.
Now, surveillance itself isn't too bad, because it encourages people to get better at encryption. After all, you can't complain about someone snooping around in your home if you don't have a lock on your door. However, now they're going after locks and will most likely try to make locks without master keys illegal. Although, I suppose that would be very hard with all the people who use ssh, bitcoin, vpns, ...
@_date: 2015-12-23 23:29:27
Well, I hope that you're aware that most rich people today had better opportunities than the rest. Capitalism as a way of rewarding hard working and/or smart people with voting power only works when you can't inherit property or make money from the work of somebody else.
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:38:08






That is very true, and I partly agree with you. However, the point of demonstrations is to speak your voice where people will hear you. When you force those demonstrators to go where people won't hear them, you are impeding their freedom of speech. Let's say buses were still segregated. If you don't allow black people to demonstrate near any buses or white neighborhoods, you make those demonstrations useless.


Um. No? Obviously, the Constitution didn't want militia groups to have that power, nor did the framers know that such power may available to future humans. It seems to me like you don't know how ineffective mass-surveillance is against stopping crimes. If you looked at it from a technological perspective, you would know that false positives are impossible to prevent and that even 10% false positives are very generous. Then there's the fact that the bad guys will always have encryption, even if tech companies decide to remove encryption from their devices, so now you're just recording the tech-illiterate people's lives. Obviously those people won't pose a threat, such as the one you're referring to. Sure, they may shoot someone, which is already bad enough, but with all the talk about guns online and fps video games, it becomes nearly impossible to filter out actual intent from nonsense talk.
That aside. The fourth amendment protects people against unreasonable search without probable cause. I'm certainly not against surveillance if it is used against crime suspects, but you can't just make everyone a suspect either...


You are almost correct. I'm 18, but I don't see how my age correlates with my "understanding of the world." There are old people who never learned about politics, never were involved in politics. Do they automatically know more about everything than I do? Wisdom isn't something you automatically gain with age; it's something you have to work for.
@_date: 2015-12-23 20:04:03
Constitutional republic is two sheep voting for a sheep who says that he supports sheeps' rights but is actually acting in the wolf's interest, because he gets paid by the wolf.
I know that it's not that simple, but I'm not sure how much politicians care about the constitution part of the constitutional republic when they allow "free speech zones" and mass surveillance, which goes clearly against the spirit of the 4th amendment.
When people give a few certain people power over themselves, they run the risk of being sent to the knacker, even if they have a constitution, because some people will always be more equal.
@_date: 2015-12-23 20:07:33
Could you explain how exactly that's supposed to work? I don't understand what you are trying to say.
@_date: 2015-12-23 19:52:40
When I look at the Chinese and Japanese education system, I don't think about how Asians are inherently more intelligent. I'm sure that an African, European, American, etc. would be equally well suited if brought up in that environment.
Of course, there are several Psychological theories concerning the mental development of humans. Some studies have shown that less than half people can reach the formal operational stage, the stage of Jean Piaget's cognitive theory that allows or abstract thought and reasoning. But I can't believe that more than half of humanity is *inherently* stupid (which, of course, isn't explicitly stated. this deficit of abstract thought may have a big deal to do with nurture as opposed to nature), and neither can psychologist; even they argue about the validity of Jean Piaget's theory.
Then, of course, there's also the fact that intelligence is extremely hard to define, and also there, psychologists are arguing about how to define it.
The same thing also applies to morality. According to Kohlberg, who was inspired by Jean Piaget's theory, only 10-15% of people can "think outside of the box" in terms of morality, meaning that they understand that laws and social rules are not always just. While this may be true, I don't think that most people are *inherently* unfit for this kind of thought.
Nature vs. nurture is always a big issue in psychology, and if you look at history, you can see that ancient Greece produced lots of great philosophers who were great at abstract thought. Now you could say that they were inherently smart enough to have a democratic system, but it may also be possible that they became great at philosophy and abstract thought because they had to be involved in politics, because they had to argue.
Now, of course, not everything is nurture. Women in the Victorian era didn't get as extensive an education as men did, but that era still produced very good female writers, so it may be argued that those female writers were inherently more intelligent than  other women of their time.
So, going back to the calculus example. It's not all nurture, but it's not all nature either. You may have a super smart child, but if you don't teach him basic arithmetic, he won't be able to learn calculus (slightly oversimplified but still true enough), so it has to be a mixture of nature and nurture. We simply don't know how much nature is needed and how much nurture. As another example, C.P.E. Bach may have been a good composer because he inherited J.S. Bach's "music genes" or because he learned from his father.
TL;DR: We don't know if people are inherently too stupid to learn calculus, or if the way they're raised and taught determines how well they'll be able to handle calculus.
@_date: 2016-01-19 22:24:39
They are dependent upon taxation, unless you want them to be private. Also, you can't compare shoe shining to any of the services I listed. Shoe shining is completely unnecessary.
@_date: 2016-01-19 22:01:18
sigh. While the government does use taxes for stuff the people don't want, getting rid of taxes isn't going to fix anything. You still need schools, road service, health care, police, ... You should rather try to change the government, so they stop doing things with your taxes you don't approve of.
@_date: 2016-01-19 22:22:54
Yeah, private schooling is great... and private police is even better... oh and we can already see how good private health care works in the US...
@_date: 2016-01-19 21:34:56
It's only robbery if they don't provide services in return.
@_date: 2016-01-19 23:38:48
You mean like standardizing it and making sure no harmful treatments are used?
@_date: 2016-03-16 02:31:28
This is one of the reasons why I left facebook. I sent a friend some password over a burn-after-read pastebin, and he said it was gone. Obviously facebook had accessed the link and followed it. I had already been pretty certain that facebook logged private chats, but this was just blatantly obvious.
Also, I get that it's useful if facebook protects people by blocking malicious links, but I just feel like that's an attack on privacy and freedom of speech. And yes, I know the xkcd comic about freedom of speech and yada-yada, but we're talking about pms....
@_date: 2016-06-28 19:12:45
Well, at least she's not the zodiac killer.
@_date: 2016-11-08 04:58:40
Is this still open?
@_date: 2016-05-14 23:43:51
When I read the beginning, I thought you were going to say something like


@_date: 2016-05-15 02:34:31
Oh, I see. Yeah, that's a bit too much responsibility for children and teens, especially since they can't work full-time yet.
@_date: 2016-05-20 22:16:14


Yeah, that's like one emergency operation right there.
@_date: 2016-05-14 23:26:18


That's what prepaid credit cards are for. They might also be a good idea for adults to prevent deficit spending and reduce financial losses in case of a lost credit card.
@_date: 2016-05-14 23:31:56
Not necessarily. You can just buy it with cash if you personally know a bitcoin enthusiast. (Or if you find someone online to buy from, but that's riskier, for obvious reasons.) But in that case, your friend probably has a credit card, so you could just have them buy the game for you.
@_date: 2016-05-14 23:42:29


Already exists.




Teens can still go to local stores and buy things with cash (unless that's also not allowed in India). I think teenagers should be allowed to buy things they want from their own money if they want to.
I don't really see how not allowing teens to buy things would "protect" them, especially since they'll be expected to know how to buy things when they become adults. This makes about as much sense as Germany and Australia censoring +18 games to "protect" their citizens.