@_author: coffeefox69
@_date: 2018-01-22 14:08:11
"Well Jimmy, you signed the contract for 0.1BTC/month. It's not my fault it decreased 50% in value over the last month. Oh and the fact that coinbase skim 1% off your salary and you're under audit because it looks like you're laundering money isn't anything to do with me either"
@_date: 2018-01-20 19:04:24
Just for non-UK users here--- no one in the UK has heard of the Libertarian party. They are non-existent and only stood in 4 of the 650 seats in the last election. They got less than 500 votes in total.
So this isn't significant at all.
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:49:38
Price goes up
“This is good for bitcoin”
Price goes down
“This is good for bitcoin”
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:01:39
I've got that Bitcoin wallet recovery tool compiled and  working on my computer. Willing to help you out, PM me if you want some assistance.
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:07:49
Via the command line:
git clone 
cd bitcoin_wallet_recovery_tool
mvn install
java -jar ./target/wallet_brute_forcer-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
@_date: 2018-02-11 15:37:09
It’s not the future. It Doesn’t solve the scalability issues as claimed. The lightening network builds on the failing block chain tech, it doesn’t replace it.
You still need the blockchain to resolve disputes or whenever a connection is broken. Until you find a way to ensure this happens &lt;&lt; 2 per second, Bitcoin is doomed.
@_date: 2018-02-12 02:05:12


Ok, you didn't follow me the first time so I'll try again.


Of course it won't, but you need to make transactions on the chain every time there is a dispute or a transaction channel is broken. Every single time that happens. So how frequently will that happen? For the lightening network to work you'd be asking every single node in the network to have up-times that even the most popular websites in the world don't manage.


You did not properly follow my comment. I'll make it simpler. The lightening network does not mean they are no more transactions on the chain (I think we both believe that, right?). The purpose of the lightening network is to, essentially, bundle transactions (that's a bit abstract but you see my point). The fact is, these 'bundlings' are going to happen more than times than 2 per second if Bitcoin ever reaches the kind of adoption people in this sub believe in. 
Let's do the maths. Let's assume bitcoin can take 5 transactions a second (I'm being generous). Visa is designed to handle about 10k transactions a second. Let's assume Bitcoin wants to at least match visa in capacity. This means that you'll have to have 2,000 transactions off the chain for every transaction on. So, basically, Sally and Bob, who open up a transaction channel, have to keep it open for -at least- 2,000 transactions before one of them closes the channel for it to work (keep in mind, closing the channel can just be Sally or Bob's internet connection dropping, or computers rebooting). All these 2,000 transactions will have to be undisputed too, otherwise we're starting over from zero.
Now, I say 'at least' because the nature of the mesh network means you have to travel through many transaction channels just to make one transaction, this means the average transaction channel will, in reality, have to handle significantly more 2,000 transactions.
Now take all that, which is already a huge engineering challenge, and consider that visa's systems can scale linearly as demand increases while as the lightening network grows this problem is just going to get worse and worse. Given enough warning the maximum amount of visa transactions per second can double, triple, or quadruple, the lightening networks can't. The bottleneck is, again, the blockchain. The transactions to the chain have to be &lt;&lt;5 per second or else the system will clog up.
And this example was -just- for visa. What about PayPal, the other credit card provides, and cash? What about all these things bitcoin is going to, apparently, replace?


I'm not shilling for any alt coin. I'm just saying Bitcoin is doomed. It's an interesting tech, some aspects of it can be salvaged and are useful, but if it's goal is for it to be a proper currency, that's just not going to happen.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:55:05
Our maybe... just maybe, they suspect the price will never recover and this is as good as it's going to be from now on?
And maybe... just maybe the economists were right when they said this was a bubble
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:09:49
The blockchain technology is fine. I think it's a valid way to record transactions. I'm sure it'll have plenty of applications going forward.
I just think cryptocurrencies, the specific application of blockchain to create currencies, is hype and won't materialise like the fanatics assume. People are starting to realise that now, albeit slower than I thought they would. My main argument against crypto is that it destroys government's ability to raise taxes and fight money laundering, as well as some other criminal activities. By design anyone can create a bitcoin wallet without associating it with any sort of PII, and they can create as many as they like; a different one for every transaction if they wish. So it's really the perfect tool for avoiding government interference in your finances. There is a reason the banking system is the way it is. There is a reason you need to prove your identity before opening a bank account, and there are reasons why financial institutions are so heavily regulated.
If cryptocurrencies ever get beyond a certain level of usage the government will regulate them out of existence. They'll ban people being paid in them, they'll ban businesses accepting them as payment, they'll ban exchanges, they'll put regulations in place in which money in a bank account can't be transfer to a source known to sell crypto. And, as always, the government will demand you pay your taxes in their chosen currency and will continue to pay their employees in their chosen currency (why wouldn't they? It's a great system of control for them. They gain nothing from paying in bitcoin). So sure, at this stage you can still have your crypto stash and move them around as you've always done. I agree there is really no realistic way of stopping that but what's the value in it? If you can't use them to pay people, to pay your taxes, exchange them to cash to buy your groceries in a legal manner then what's the point? Is everyone going to do all their business on the dark web? Is everyone going to accept their fiat wages being skimmed by shady intermediaries (some of whom may just take your money and run) in order to continue to buy what they want in the underground crypto economy? Surely at some stage people will say "What's so great about this again? What's so wrong with fiat?". 
Even if crypto does take off in a big way like you describe (which I doubt but lets roll with it...), Bitcoin will still be worthless to you when the tax revenues dry up, your country collapses, and you're six feet under because someone smashed your head open with a baseball bat in an argument over half a can of beans.
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:28:51
I literally said in the first sentence of my reply that blockchain technology has value. I just don't think cryptocurrencies have a good future. 
You can have blockchain without cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2018-02-15 04:56:16
You're either a bullshitter or an idiot.