@_author: coffeeandskiing
@_date: 2017-08-18 14:32:27
Well said. I just cringe when I know there are so many people new to this and investing. I have some friends on Facebook who I know are living paycheck to paycheck and they are talking about scraping together some savings to put money in bitcoin right now... for the first time.  I had the vision of being a long term investor in silver in 2010. I'm sure some people will just think "yeah but bitcoin is different" and just stop reading but whatever. I was sitting on big paper gains. The chart looks similar to bitcoin now except bitcoins is much more exponential. It all came crashing down and here I am 7 years later down 40% from where I bought. Taking profit now to at least protect an initial investment is very wise. Buying now is just foolish. Nothing goes up in a straight line. Wait for things to settle a little. Greed is ripe in this sub. 
@_date: 2017-05-25 18:53:11
Are you serious? What makes you think it should go up 10% every day? So many people on this sub are gonna find out what volatility means and get some lessons in investing very fast. Go take a look at a chart of the price of silver starting in 1970. 
@_date: 2017-05-26 16:19:22
I did notice there were more but had no idea it was so many until Steeetcornerkid's comment. I don't pay too much attention to bitcoin except checking the price every now and then going back probably to when it was $100. If I was a holder I'd be worried about Goldman Sachs or someone with the skill to create financial products coming along and starting their own and sticking the cash balance of clients portfolios into it. Or the CME or other exchange creating their own which could then be traded against every currency they already have a contract for but it would allow for huge volume to be traded. I'm not thinking of little startup from one guy and a computer but those that control the financial markets will want their piece and figure out their own way in at some point. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 18:28:25
@_date: 2017-05-26 16:20:49
This is a good answer. But see my reply to eustan. Value could be created through different avenues. 
@_date: 2017-05-26 16:24:03
After a quick Google:
"According to the application titled, “Cryptographic Currency For Securities Settlement,” Goldman Sachs is seeking patent protection for a settlement system for securities market based on cryptographic currency protocol, which introduces its own cryptographic currency - the SETLcoin." Maybe it doesn't take off but my point is there isn't anything unique to Bitcoin beside it being trusted right now.
Read more: 
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:11:52
Sorry no. Without lending the economy would absolutely implode. Parts of what you are saying could be true but only after the system completely collapses. It would be total unrest. 
Nothing would get built. Commercial real estate (I'm including apartments and financing for developers to build homes) relies very strongly on credit. Cities across the country has seen a rapid ramp back up from the recession lows in prices. Yes, prices were too high due to predatory lending and yes low interest rates and "money printing" and led in part to the ramp back up. However, nothing got built for a few years and now developers are still playing catch up to fill the pend up demand. Without lending no one could get a mortgage which would cause prices to decrease but at some point when nothing is built or rehabbed they'd just climb back up because of supply. 
Look at San Fran, Denver, Seattle, etc. The rocketing prices are largely a result of not enough supply. Yes, Seattle and Denver are building 10's of 1000's of apartments but that doesn't really help the price to own something. Why are so many apartments and comparatively few condos being built? Because the banks won't lend on condos because they are riskier to build and wait to sell them. Apartments are built and easy to lease up. It's not so cut and dry like you make it. Careful what you wish for. 
Without lending it makes it much more expensive to build stuff which decrease supply and raised prices which gives you less purchasing power. Without banks lending it's left to wealthy families. "Family offices" do a lot of lending but they like to make a higher interest rate - increased cost of capital, more expensive end product. 
And besides, that commenter doesn't understand what he is talking about. The bank isn't "losing" money. They borrowered from the fed to make your home loan at like 0.5% and lend it out at 3.5%. They make the spread the for the life of your mortgage. Everything in finance is just about the revenue to cost spread. Yes each future dollar will have some value inflated away but they already have that figured out minus at hyperinflation situation. 
Never trust anything you read on ZH. They have been wrong about everything since 2010. It's mostly conspiracy theory and alt-right crap now. 