@_author: coffeeandnews
@_date: 2018-02-06 11:21:02
Following a bit what everyone else is saying here, reading up some articles, there is a common assumption it will jump back, and hard.
Cryptocurrency are volatile by their very nature, but at the end of January, it was especially volatile due to a whole series of negative news (China, Austria, Russia, USA,...). And now the Dow is crashing as well. It is likely people will take a backseat from investing for the next weeks.
However, once the influx of bad news has settled, the Dow index has normalised the rising US wages and cryptocurrency gets out of the malestorm of 'corrections' (2nd week of jan), 'fake exchanges' and governmental regulations (which only has a limited influence either way), it could very well go up and up and up.
There is of course the point that due to the media attention, late joiners bought, got burned, sold in a panic, and won't join anymore. But that argument is relativated by a large group who wanted to, couldn't because of the high prices, and is eager to have their go at it. not to mention that quite a number of professionals are incoperating cryptocurrencies in their investment strategies.
My only gripe is, I am stuck and have to wait. I can't make use of this situation
@_date: 2018-04-24 06:58:52
Perfect, that's a good way for me to understand it.
However, if I remember correctly, the Nano S also has the idea that it has bitcoins on it. But to know howmany bitcoins your private key refers to, it does need at any transaction point connect to the internet and connect to the blockchain to update itself on the amount of bitcoins you have.
But then I wonder. Imagine you have a private key xxxxx. You connect your Nano, and put 3 BTW on it. Then you disconnect it, and now according to your offline Nano, you have 3 BTC.
Imagine you now use that same private key xxxxx without the Nano S to transfer 1 BTC. Then I assume that the offline Nano who still shows you have 3 BTC is not correct?
or is it impossible to use your Nano private key without the Nano itself?