@_author: coffeebattery
@_date: 2017-08-28 03:54:33
I respect Schiff and think he brings a lot of insight to the table, but you don't have to know much about gold or cryptocurrecies to immediately spot the inconsistencies in his arguments.  The two most glaring examples in this case were:
1) Schiff was criticizing bitcoin/Bitpay from the standpoint that consumers aren't actually spending bitcoin to buy things with Bitpay, but are converting bitcoin to dollars.  This is supposed to be a problem according to him, except that maybe two minutes later, he is talking about how convenient his gold account card is because it converts his ownership of physical gold into dollars for retail shopping, as most stores aren't going to accept grams of gold.  Somehow the IDENTICAL scenario he used as a weakness of bitcoin is awesome when its gold.  This doesn't hold up.  
2) Schiff's argument about the "intrinsic value" of gold vs bitcoin is mainly bullshit.  It comes down to the idea that bitcoin has no value beyond people saying it has value, while gold has uses.  This is true as far as it goes, but it doesn't go very far.  Schiff is happy to talk about investing in gold and of course happy to talk about gold prices when they are rising, right? So did the rise in gold prices after the economic crash come from the fact that gold had suddenly taken on far more industrial utility? No, of course not. It came from the idea that people consider it to be valuable, and so it is.  I've never seen anyone who supports a gold standard run from this idea; they tend to embrace it.  Yet if bitcoin supporters make the same argument, that is somehow "fiat" in a way that gold isn't.  I will accept this argument if Schiff argues that gold should be valued only according to its physical uses, as opposed to the value it accrues from its "conceptual" worth. But that's not what he argues. 
You don't have to dive very deep into his argument to see the cracks.
@_date: 2019-02-05 09:32:53
Who gives a shit?
@_date: 2018-04-25 06:18:01
Regarding Alex Jones, Rogan has said stuff  along the lines of “He’s a really nice guy. Totally nuts, but a nice guy.”  He’s not exactly letting him off the hook.