@_author: coffeeandwine
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:12:48
How do you exchange fiat in a peer-to-peer manner across borders?  I thought that was one of the strengths of bitcoin - it overcome that restriction.  Also, another issues is ensuring one side doesn't reneg on one leg of the trade after another leg went through.  A third-party escrow service is needed which centralizes the concept like an exchange.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:24:40
From a technical standpoint, horizontally scaling something like TPB is much easier since it is just serving unimportant data compared to something like a matching engine which requires durable transactions and a consistent state of the world across many threads or machines.  It gets even worse if you want to ensure some sort of event ordering in your matching engine or complex order types (e.g. pegging).  It is actually pretty interesting challenge when you think about it.  I wonder if you could shard the orderbook somehow.
That being said, I am willing to bet that Mt. Gox is using something like a single threaded PHP or rails app as it engine.
@_date: 2013-04-15 18:12:18
I agree with your sentiment although I feel like it goes a little bit against the spirit of bitcoin if we rely on some well-monied gatekeeper.  Moreover, many large silicon valley firms start out as 23-year-olds in an apartment.  The difference here being that if you raised funds for a bitcoin exchange venture, a lot of it would be devoted to just this aspect.  It would be hard to justify it from a return perspective unless you achieved the lion share's of the transaction volume.  Small exchanges like CampBX or bitfloor could barely afford the cost of one developer until recently.
That being said, I mainly wrote this up because I have seen many posts here and elsewhere about people rushing to create new exchanges.  I thought it would helpful to anyone who is unfamiliar with the regulatory nature of walking down this path.
@_date: 2013-04-15 18:40:36
Is that true?  I know that is pretty murky waters legally speaking since the jurisdiction is unclear.  But when I read the laws of my state it says if you accept any funds from a resident of the state, you need to be licensed.  But I would have to research this further.
However, it does make me nervous when I read things like [this]( which makes me think that the gov't can go after you pretty easily if they don't like what you are doing even if your operations are technically overseas.
@_date: 2013-04-15 18:01:13
Yeah, unfortunately I am pretty much stuck where I live.  I thought about excluding US customers and organizing the company offshore, but then I am excluding a large market.