@_author: coffeetaybul
@_date: 2014-03-11 15:29:37
I deleted my original reply because I accidentally posted it from my other (though not very active) Reddit username. I wanted to keep this discussion separate. Looks like I'd be a bad Satoshi Nakamoto ;P Not that my other account is even that active; in line with my point though, knowing my views on other topics would/should affect your response to my thoughts here, rightly or wrongly. Point being, here were my thoughts:


The words "purported" and "know" directly contradict, and invalidate your point. You're supposing that we "know" more about a made-up person than we do about a real person. If between two people, you know one of them is really Nathan Rothschild, and the other you don't know who it is, I'm going to just posit that it's logically impossible that you "know more" about the made-up person than the real person. i.e. Without knowing who S.M. is, everything you "know" about them is unverified, or "purported" as you say, except that they go to great lengths to conceal their identity—which necessarily means you know very little about them (or nothing at all) and just about anything you declare true about them is supposition, and irresponsible. Likely, you're piecing together clues about them from a variety of reports, but all of these could be completely false, S.M. could be Kim Jong Un for all you *know*.
Look, I understand there are crypto-enthusiasts who vehemently defend the right to anonymity, and who rebuff the idea that knowing S.M. would technically validate Bitcoin any further or less. We are not talking technical validation here, which is fine for an enthusiast-level groundswell and headline-grabbing.
We're talking about the biggest companies in the world considering endorsing it, adopting it, and trading their goods for it, and thereby being big steps forward for Bitcoin's broader adoption.
What I'm saying is that the idea that tomorrow S.M. could come forward as a clandestinely funded endeavor by who-the-hell-knows is not what big companies want to bank their brand reputation on, let alone their revenue, not if this person is so secretive and yet still a luminary in the enthusiast/developer circles.
My only point is that it matters knowing who S.M. is for broader acceptance to truly and responsibly progress. I respect your disagreement, but it's not for you to decide how people on the fence about Bitcoin proceed (multiple meanings), it's for boards of big corporations to decide if it matters for themselves, and given Bitcoin's already-thin ice/suspect trust capital, I say it would be a great time if we knew who S.M. was to help assuage those concerns.
Here's a simple if/then statement.
If: Revealing Satoshi Nakamoto would be broadly interesting news to non-Bitcoin enthusiasts and enthusiasts alike, (I say it would be) and
If: The identity of Satoshi Nakamoto may be a less-than-benevolent political or state-based influence (I say sure it could be, nothing says it isn't)
Then: Any preservation of anonymized/pseudonymous origin of Bitcoin is not helping Bitcoin accomplish its broader ambitions, and as long as the enthusiast-level crowd insularly defends this information as inviolably secret or irrelevant, it in fact hurts its broader ambitions.
I guarantee in a board room somewhere, some executives are (laudably) considering accepting Bitcoin or not, and I guarantee some board is bringing up the fact that nobody knows who created it, and I guarantee that's a significant sticking point for corporations who are careful about their brand. And like it or not, convincing them is important.


Can you please point me to the recognizable companies who endorse/utilize TOR to exchange digital goods with their customers?
Would you hope that any of the companies not in your list eventually accept Bitcoin?
My point is, if your best analogy for Bitcoin is TOR-level consumer/marketplace adoption, then Bitcoin is going to have a bad time.
Additionally, *if* say Amazon were to utilize TOR for delivering large files to a large number of people, the fact that the technology was developed for/by the Navy is probably a credibility-giving factor. I'm saying Bitcoin doesn't even have *that*.
Is TOR technically functional? Yes. Do we know its origins? Yes. Is it still held at arm's length by corporate adopters? Absolutely. Bitcoin should want to avoid using Tor as a role-model.
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:29:27
And my point is that simply showing the system is valid works for a core set of enthusiast-level adopters, but for real broad acceptance Bitcoin has to go through a much less technical "it works" proving phase, and that's where knowing its origins comes in. An important part of its origins is who devised it.
I'm not saying knowing who Satoshi Nakamoto is would validate the protocol, technically speaking, any more or any less—I am however saying it most definitely would help validate Bitcoin as a trusted medium to place hard-earned money by people who aren't crypto-enthusiasts and who are rightly skeptical of it.
Having an anonymous creator was good for Bitcoin early on, because early adopters and enthusiasts are always energized by things like that, and that's not a bad thing. But Bitcoin has ambitions to be the HTTP of money: Bitcoin has too little room, its ambitions are too grand for it to have anymore strikes, and preserving a cultish protectionism or feigned ambivalence toward the identity of its original designer is not helping the perception of Bitcoin at-large.
Edit: I accept your statement that most Bitcoin developers have no interest in knowing the identity of Satoshi Nakamoto. I'm going to chalk it up to (in my own bias) consider it anecdotal/incomplete though, and you'll just have to accept that I'm skeptical it tells the whole story. What if Bitcoin were funded by nefarious state-based means? Would developers want to know this? What if it were a group not terribly benevolent? Would that matter to developers? The point is, knowing who Satoshi Nakamoto actually is is a topic not just about attribution or hero-worshipping: It's a necessary part of Bitcoin's social validation as it tries to reinvent/unseat a not insignificant feature of our daily lives.
@_date: 2014-03-08 12:27:58
The view that knowing Satoshi Nakamoto's identity is not an important question is probably to be expected from a few core devs. I would bet a lot of bitcoin developers would like to know who he is though, so even among developers I think this sentiment is in the minority.
Still, your point is totally valid: The system is designed to remove the requirement of trust to facilitate transparent transactions, so judge the technology based on that.
That's good in a concentrated, narrow-purpose software sense, but when you're talking about the kind of philosophical (not technological, philosophical) subjects the system is being discussed with, knowing who originated it is no longer just a technological credit-giving exercise, it's about the broader world of (non-technical) potential users understanding and maybe coming to trust it beyond just as practical technology.
Many technologies "work," but trust of those technologies by everyday users is a far different equation, and increasingly difficult to build.
The ostensible transparency of Bitcoin's technology (that it works) has to be mirrored by its originator(s) if wide adoption and trust is to be established (believed in). This has little to do with the technology itself, that "it works" or not; it works, that's settled.
From a public perception standpoint, are people broadly ready to convert their dollars to something that was until recently most exchanged on a system for Magic the Gathering, and within which half a billion dollars vanished? No. Will people broadly want to accept a digital method to store their wealth that's perceived to mostly be evangelized by tech-savvy white guys who have the lion's share of right now? No. And will the public at-large broadly entrust the lifeblood of their livelihoods to a system that was created by a who-knows-who mystery man? No.
All of the above can certainly be refuted by the "it works" argument, that knowing who designed the system is irrelevant if that alone is true. But Bitcoin faces more than an "it works" moment for the public at-large; perception is reality, and perception is not just established in practical, core-dev terms. It's established by what people see, or talk about, or read in the news, or have questions about, and for a financial technology with the ambitions Bitcoin's evangelists have set for it, knowing who created it is certainly one of those details Bitcoin has to have disclosed in order for it to cross the threshold into something real.
Our present financial system has many flaws, flaws that were the very reason for Bitcoin to be created, the weaknesses it aimed to fix. And one of the biggest flaws of our financial system is secrecy; if Bitcoin, or more specifically Satoshi Nakamoto, wants Bitcoin to be the antiseptic to that system, its very origin can't be shrouded in just more secrets of its own clever making.
For the record, I believe in Bitcoin's promise, but its a coin of two sides: Proof of concept/technical achievement, and broader perception of trust by everyone who would use it. It's time to focus on the latter one a little more.