@_author: coinkingd0m
@_date: 2015-04-07 02:48:11
Thanks, hope it serves you well, would love a review once you've had a play with it.
Great suggestions let me break it down 
Live Tile: Live Tiles are great and I had thought of Live Tile support although didn't go ahead (not for any great reason) - will add it to the list of things to look into.
Balance Check: I also like this idea! - could be good notification that fund have been deposited or withdrawn. Might be able to integrate something with the live tile update process and if balance changed put up a toast notification. 
Thanks for the suggestions!
In regards to the other apps mentioned on my website I have not released them publicly, I am just using them on my phone, sorry for the tease. My wallet app is not a HD wallet and therefore didn't want to release it. I am thinking of rewriting it to be HD and implementing Shape shift functionality to allow for sending and receiving altcoins direct to/from the wallet – I think that would be pretty cool. 
Co Pay has a pretty cool looking wallet for Windows Phone, but i had issues with QR Scanning on my phone (Lumia 1520) not sure if it has been fixed yet.
@_date: 2015-04-07 10:05:04
Hi Stickac, 
Not to my knowledge, but I haven't checked recently. In DC Trezor Lite XPUBs never leave the app, the queries are for a range of wallet addresses.
@_date: 2015-04-07 02:34:14
Thanks for your nice comments, it’s probably not a bad choice to stay away from Windows Phone, I find app development is very limited (my bank still doesn't have an app for me to use). 
Lack of apps (especially bitcoin) was one of my motivating factors to get started so I am happy in that regard.
@_date: 2015-04-07 02:25:59
Thank you for the Tip :) my first, very exciting and much appreciated! - Your Awesome!!.
Great question; data is pulled from API queries from blockchain.info and bitcoinaverage.com delivered over the HTTPS. 
I also felt this was important and as such I have mentioned it in the description on the Windows Store. One of the comments I had from a ‘my Trezor Lite’ users was that the SPV component was annoying him (maybe not fully understanding the benefits of such an approach). Given that this was a view only wallet and that queries were using HTTPS I decided that I would use API queries as opposed to downloading block headers. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 15:26:34
Hi Starsoccer,
Which app are you referring too? if it is the wallet i have a few touches i plan to make (not HD that is big touch) and if you have a need for it i could upload it to the store and submit your device as a beta tester. Although if you wanted to go down that path i would like to have a chat with you and give you a brief of the app (my main gripe is the complicated method of backing up the keys although it is the same method as co pay uses - AES encrypted string, copied to clipboard or emailed - not pretty:( , also have a W32 companion app to decrypt string and print out paper wallet backups ). This is why i have not released it, i use it as my main 'on the go' wallet but don't feel it is production ready at this point.
@_date: 2015-04-07 02:26:44
I haven't posted on I will get onto that, thanks :).