@_author: cointossing
@_date: 2014-04-09 00:17:23
My Mother, Kathy Noble, is struggling with medical issues, traffic court harassment, car problems, and financial expenses with this legal venture to make it to the United States Supreme Court with her cases. 
Every State has turned our fundamental constitutional right to travel into a multi-million dollar, well crafted, Communist Corporation. Our drivers’ licenses have transferred from a binding contract into a “toy” that the States give/sell, and then take back, and “blackmail” us for the return of that “toy”. 
This cruel and unusual punishment is causing devastating effects to the economical, financial interests of this Nation. Citizens are losing their jobs or cannot seek employment; losing their housing; losing their children; banks needing bailouts; businesses closing or downsizing; food rots in grocery stores; and all this stress causes tremendous havoc on people’s health. 
Towing companies and bonding companies are thriving. Telephone companies draining-the-life from families, and friends of those victimized by this racketeering with these outrageous charges when these citizens are arrested with these traffic/traveling related charges with no warrants being issued prior to seizing and searching these citizens and their property/vehicles. The medical fields are thriving from everyone’s health deteriorating from these jails’ sub-standard medical care that steals citizens’ prescribed medicines; delaying these citizens from the professional, licensed doctor’s care, ignoring these citizens request for medical assistance for the pain they’re in, and their needs – their medical needs for a proper diet. 
I have had to bail my mom out of jail 3 times due to this manipulation of a corrupt system operating in Tennessee that started when she simply mailed the money order for the vehicle registration renewal sticker to the Commissioner of Tennessee Department of Revenue via certified mail that was returned to her.
I have shared my income with my mom when I had a job as a computer engineer to assist her with food, gasoline, vehicle maintenance and repairs, office supplies, copies, postage, and medical bills as she has researched law libraries for this federal case; I have typed her documents; duplicated, labeled, highlighted, assembled, and mailed those documents; and personally served those documents on the ones that are trying to “drain her” financially; and placing her health in greater risks that could have killed her. 
Everyone can contact their own federal district court clerk for assistance on how to establish their own PACER account to view my mother’s cases which at the present time ( the United States District Court Nashville Division Case No. 3:13 – cv – 00295 State of Tennessee, etal v. Kathy Noble; and the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth District Case No. 13 – 5752 ) 3 Federal Judges (including one that was invited from Michigan) all agree traffic citations are CIVIL with no further guidance as to how “ in – the – world “ a police officer has authority to interfere with a United States citizen’s fundamental constitutional right-to-travel the roads just to be served with a law suit; when you or myself could NOT make anyone stop their vehicle to serve them a law suit! 
We are reaching out to everyone for assistance [even if it is a loan] that would ultimately benefit from the outcome of this case, and also, hopefully, as you are updated – you will gain knowledge from the information to proceed with your own cases; or, to help your own businesses thrive because these “ victimized “ citizens would be returning their income back to their community businesses instead of this diversion to support these traffic court rackets, and further “ drain “ from the economy of federal taxpayers because the Federal government are sending “ federal “ tax dollars to “ house and feed “ thousands of United States citizens in EVERY state who cannot pay these outrageous, cruel, and unusual unconstitutional traffic court fines by incarcerating them in jail! 
Statistically, the facts and figures of these mega-million dollar traffic court rackets, prove-beyond-doubt that every black and white person “ will be touched “ either personally, or through a family member or friend. But, you can be certain, no Japanese, no Chinese, no Koreans, no Russians, no Romanians, or any Muslim here in the United States from India or the Middle East will be victimized by these greedy, power-hungry traffic court rackets!
My Bitcoin Wallet:
1Egg4LEbRYbcGx4awTpN44enWiQNqcvjX5