@_author: coinninja_io
@_date: 2014-04-06 01:50:39
Thanks for the feedback and encouragement. My reasons for starting it are strikingly similar to the ones you mentioned about startups above. if everyone is thinking like this it will bring more people into Bitcoin centric entrepreneurial work and give it a better chance to succeed. 
The bill splitter is now updated so anyone can carryout the whole process (note: websockets are not fine tuned for every browser yet, should work well with the latest chrome/firefox/safari though)
@_date: 2014-04-08 08:44:12
Sure, where are you from and what languages do you speak? i'd love to get feedback on which fiat currencies people are likely to use too, that way I can incorporate their denominations into the contributions tracker.
@_date: 2014-04-06 04:19:04
What we saw before KGW was implemented on most coins was big multipools coming to save the day for other 'stuck' coins... I can see the first successful attack leading to goodguy defence networks where multipools will swap to other defenceless coins at the cost of some profit (for coins in their support network - like nato for coins). All part of the digital evolution to come.
@_date: 2014-04-06 12:10:36
Noble thing you are doing with your influence here mate, financial freedom is not properly taught in schools and rarely mentioned in society, it's just something we're meant to believe we have because no one says otherwise.
A conversation is all it takes to increase understanding, I think people just need to know they have options, and the community to find ways to solve the friction for fiat exchange, then we can all benefit from this decentralised technology.
Be sure to mention that their are a huge amount of real world mini-startups that this technology is helping sprout (mine included). Also good idea to provide a disclaimer on public financial advice. People should know the tech while largely proven is still in its infancy, controlled by no one, and yet still actively competing in world marketplaces - volatility is to be expected.
@_date: 2014-04-06 12:30:47
True it creates a bigger centre of control, but it only has to be a temporary allegiance while it benefits both parties. I think the idealogical definition of decentralised gets thrown around a lot, when a lot of the time the decisions are centred around the small number of devs, miners and user-base. It only becomes decentralised when there is a definite split in idealogy and smaller chunks of the centre decide to branch off together.
@_date: 2014-04-08 03:42:25
Not on the cards at this point, I'm more focused on adding other coins/currencies into the mix, improving ui/performance and building out the feature set.
@_date: 2014-04-03 09:38:42
Sounds like Washington are underhandedly acknowledging an adversary just like Apple did, and really just trying to kill the snake before it gets the ability to replace its heads. I expect some very hard comedowns on Startups to set precedents.
@_date: 2014-04-06 11:00:24
Well you can depend on people to carry out threats when they find you an easy target for something they want. But you'd have to petition the community to set up a NATO-like defence pact for instance, which is supposed to only cost only 2% of GDP for each country. A small price to pay to remain in existence when others have shown they are a threat to your existence.
@_date: 2014-04-08 00:38:41
You don't see the fees that every merchant inherently charges for having a visa terminal, it's just accepted that everyone shares the cost so that no one feels duped when they use a card. 
With Bitcoin, the fees have to be present as businesses have to have a verifiable value of the Bitcoin exchange rate at current market levels before a customer agrees on purchasing - so he doesn't feel duped.
@_date: 2014-04-08 03:28:44
I have an idea for you - feedback bounty - lets website owners accept feedback to their site and if any of that feedback is useful and acted upon - be it ui changes, or bugs, they can pay out people in bitcoin. Your website can show others websites who are most bountiful and actually pay out well bringing more reviewers in.
@_date: 2014-04-05 14:38:25
Not really needing QR codes, just a webapp on tablet and you can just piggypack on what the tipbots do by sending funds to a customer's userhandle or email. 
The incentive for merchants is the fees as they can be given a cut for having this service operate in their facility. Alternatively the exchange can all be done in cash/person, and it can be carried out by the cashier as an individual - outside of the business!
@_date: 2014-04-08 03:12:14
Thanks mate, really appreciated your feedback, it was your original post that really validated the idea for me and made me realise we are all trying to help achieve similar goals around here. 
I've found that people love talking about this disruptive new technology while socialising over meals, but what got me was there was no way to really show someone instantly show useful it is without all the technical speak - so I made something myself that can even just be used for demonstration purposes if needed.
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:44:08
I thought it was a great line of thought too, so I recently made it into a project! [CoinNinja.io]( which aims to do similar to this and more. 
We're currently experimenting with our html5 webapp for instant changeback, splitting a restaurant bill, and soon, merchant services - with all Bitcoin sent retrievable via phone, email or twitter. Hopefully in the future anyone can get Bitcoin change when it's most convenient for them. 
We're in open alpha testing atm (no ph. text among other things), if you want to check it out, add yourself to the beta mailinglist or provide any sort of feedback that'd be great.
