@_author: coinblizzard
@_date: 2014-10-24 01:29:02
That is EXACTLY what happened to me
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:26:29
I agree.  Truly free markets are messy things.  Bitcoin is no exception.  The nominal price will vary widely until its more wide-spread adoption expands the total market capitalization of BTC an order of magnitude larger.  Any large volume of buying or selling is going to affect the price dramatically until its market capitalization becomes so large that no one whale can control a large enough percentage of it to manipulate its price.
If that is even possible remains to be seen.
@_date: 2016-12-03 14:43:06
If you read the book by Peter Hendrickson entitled "Cracking the Code" you will find that NO private transactions are actually taxable.  The IRC is deliberately confusing and has been revised over and over again through the years to further obfuscate this simple FACT.  The ONLY people liable for any federal income tax are folks who work for the federal government or its assigns.  If you are intrepid enough to challenge the powers that be, and intelligent enough to dig into the code deeply, you can verify this fact for yourself and act accordingly.  
Believe me, the power hungry and corrupt regime WILL push back, but if you persist in your demand for proof and constitutionality of your supposed liability to uncle sam...eventually they WILL give up because there is no requirement for private individuals to disclose or pay taxes on private transactions...
I know this sounds crazy.  I know I will be hated on for saying this, but all I can say is - please - don't shoot the messenger (me).  Read the book. Do your own research and verify it for yourself.  Then make your choice.
The current tax scheme is insidious and a complete fraud that is stealing a major portion of your hard earned income from you WITH your 'voluntary compliance' as they are so fond of telling you...
The fact is you have been tricked into voluntarily complying with something you have NO OBLIGATION to participate in.
@_date: 2016-12-04 13:23:56
Yes.  There are many people who have successfully removed themselves from the Ponzi scheme.  I actually met a few of them at an educational seminar about the topic.  I saw the refund checks from the treasury, one of which was from a physician for over $80,000. This is no theory.  It is a fact.
The book is filled with court cases supporting the 'theory'.  The thing is, these cases are disjointed and span dozens of years.  It is up to us to put it all together and cross reference it for ourselves.  For myself, I am not a detail person so I cannot quote chapter and verse.  And my personal paradigm of thinking is to make so much money that I don't care about the whole scam we call the IRC (Internal Revenue Code).  
In most areas of life I won't shrink from a good fight, specially if I know I am right.  But for me, since I do make a very good living I don't want the hassle or the stress of proving to a federal authority that I am righteous.  
The book addresses folks like me too and doesn't see us in a kindly light.  Peter's arguement is that it is our DUTY as citizens to educate ourselves and stand up to tyranny.  With great freedom comes great responsibility to protect those freedoms.  I suggest you read the book and make your own decision.  DO NOT take anyone else's word for it.  Not even mine!
@_date: 2015-02-22 23:42:32
99% of the people, "this very well MAY be true"...your "facts" come from where?  Perhaps somewhere from inside the bowels of your body?  