@_author: coinfuck
@_date: 2015-03-22 18:58:37
Firstly, I notice that you disregarded the bulk of my reply and chose to only acknowledge the final point. This is telling, to say the least.
Furthermore, as someone who has also worked in IT for multiple decades, I feel qualified to say that your extreme semantic rigidity is not an industry standard by a long-shot. I have had multiple managers, supervisors, and project leaders who would disagree with you on the one point you chose to contest. 
But unfortunately some people simply can't acknowledge shades of grey in their black-and-white worlds.
@_date: 2015-03-19 19:20:24


It should not be difficult as long as the incentives were in place to motivate the change. Since there is no pressing need to increase the transactions per second at this moment, it would be difficult to do *now*.
As this changes, the difficulty in achieving consensus on the matter drops accordingly. In other words, the bigger the problem, the easier it is to convince the majority of the network to adopt a solution.
It seems equally fair to say you grossly overestimate how difficult particular changes would be to make, as it does to say that I underestimate it. 
Furthermore, "bug fixes" are in fact "supposed enhancements" themselves; this distinction, which your argument appears to entirely rely upon, seems arbitrary and ill-defined.
@_date: 2015-03-19 17:08:21


Could you please be more specific on what you mean here? The core devs all appear to agree that this limit should be raised, and the Chief Scientist already appears to have a workable solution that is being vetted and tested at this time.


The point is not to "force it through" - the network changes as it needs to. Just like when the integer overflow bug caused billions of bitcoins to appear. It only took a couple hours for everyone to agree and fix the problem.
Again, are there network bottlenecks currently being hit that are presenting issues? 7 tps is more than enough for now, unless you are seeing evidence to the contrary. If so, would you mind providing it?
@_date: 2015-03-17 17:12:11
How do you mean? Are there network bottlenecks currently being hit that are presenting issues?
As I understand it, Bitcoin is built to scale as it needs to. I haven't seen any issues so far.