@_author: coinbaseyousuck
@_date: 2015-01-02 09:44:48
I've been using them for years... I spend them. I don't hoard them. And I do have a lot. I'm ten bucks short for a purchase I wanted to make tonight and my order from coin base isn't coming in until after the weekend.
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:45:28
No. Begging is asking for a gift or charity. You can look it up, if you are still confused. I am asking for a loan until Monday. A bit different. I also view it as overall helping the marketplace.
You seem concerned with feeling inadequate or stupid if the person didn't pay you back as promised. This could be tied to feeling a lack of confidence in yourself. I would just shrug it off, personally, but you know I'm not concerned with being concerned with feeling like a tool.
Don't recall attacking or insulting you. I said, you are presenting yourself as a pessimist. I didn't say that I claimed to know that you were actually one, as I really know nothing about you other than you seem very concerned with being made foolish.
Again, if I wanted to beg. I could just lie. People really love sob stories. I thought someone might want to help out- even just to get BTC used more as a currency and less as a stock, as I am intending to use them immediately for spending, which is good for the market. Maybe someone will in a bit. Who knows? I don't like to lie, so I probably do stand less of a chance.
This will be my last reply to you. I have some work I need to get on before it gets too late.
@_date: 2015-01-02 09:58:01
I'm confused about what you don't understand. I make a new user name or almost everything I post on Reddit, so everything stays separate and anonymous. This isn't something that I did this one time to ask for a loan for $10. I don't keep or maintain a long standing Reddit account. Period.
If no one wants to help, it's not the end of the world. I thought I may as well ask and someone would help out in support of BTC and using it the way it's intended- as a currency. And $10 isn't really a lot of money- or maybe it is for you- in that case, I'm sorry.
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:21:23
I was just basing that on the fact that you immediately attacked me, insulted me, and accused me of lying. I think someone a little less miserable would have just breezed over the post and not bothered with it if it wasn't something they were into. It seems though you couldn't help yourself in being rude. Just an observation.
And this is transparency. You just don't believe it to be. Because you are a pessimist.
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:31:30
Eh, I would argue that repetitively accusing someone of begging is an insult. You've also been extremely rude and patronizing. As previously mentioned, there was no need for you to ever reply to my post, as you have nothing to contribute that is helpful to anyone in any way.
Yes, it is totally and completely transparent. Everything that I have said here is true. 
The truth is, I'm impatient and I really don't want to wait until Monday night to place my order. That's it. 
No long sob story about how my dad is sick in the hospital or my dog needs this surgery or help save a cat, Reddit. No, I'm just being impatient and after coin base making mistake after mistake and taking forever to transfer my BTC to my wallet.
Though I am certain that I could go on another subreddit or somewhere else on the internet and lie. Tell a sob story and actually beg and I could get ten bucks. But my transparency seems to have offended you.
@_date: 2015-01-02 09:47:35
I have no idea what you're talking about. I've been on tv, etc. I'm careful about what I post on the internet because of it.
Yes, I know how to mix coins. I'm not concerned with that. I'm concerned with information piling up on Reddit using the same name for everything that I do and then it being linked to my real name.
Sorry if that was confusing for you.
@_date: 2015-01-02 09:40:05
I like my privacy. Like many who use BTC. I create a new account for everything I post online. I'm somewhat in the public and a lot of people would recognize my real name, if it was ever connected. I would prefer that didn't happen and that my private life, stay private.
I don't know why anyone would loan someone $10.00 in BTC. I would, if I had it. It's not much to lose if they screw you over and I would feel good helping someone out and I would like to believe in the good faith of people.
If it bothers you, you really don't have to reply. And I'm not begging. I literally said, I understand there's no reason to trust me. Also, I'm certain that begging doesn't usually come with, "and I'll pay you back on Monday." It usually means you want something for free. Which I don't.
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:14:30
To help someone out? I wouldn't expect you to understand, just based on your user name.
It's difficult for me to explain... but I've done similar things for others in the past and actually yes one time I did get ripped off. Someone came up to me at a gas station and said he was from out of town and was $20 short to fill up his car and was stranded. He promised he would pay me back the next week. I wrote my address down for him to mail the money and well... he never did send it back. 
But usually I believe in the best of people. Was his story true? I have no idea. I don't really care and I don't feel stupid for trying to help him.
I would not be surprised if someone did loan me the $10. Not everyone is antisocial and pessimistic as you've presented yourself to be. Then again, if no one does, then I will just have to wait until coin base comes through.
@_date: 2015-01-02 09:51:44
No... I don't really mind if people know that I use BTC. But this is not the only subreddit I follow or post in. I don't like the idea of a lot of information about me piling up under the same user name in the various other subreddits I use. That's it. You are lucky you have never been involved with any sort of media attention and how ridiculously overblown it can be.
Again, begging is asking for something and not giving back. I am asking for a loan for ten bucks until Monday. Not really a big deal. Other than you are gambling $10, because I could be lying. I'm not, so you would have to be willing to lose a small amount of money to see, I guess? Like I said, I'd do it for someone else if the situation were reversed, but losing ten bucks is not much of a gamble and I guess I'm more optimistic about humanity than you are.
@_date: 2015-01-02 10:03:38
It's pretty awesome you're psychic and know that no one is going to loan it to me.
And no, I didn't pay $10 dollars to post this... so no price was paid.
@_date: 2015-01-02 21:30:57
Thought you might like to know that someone did loan me that $10. :)
There still is good people in the world, I guess.