@_author: coinbase_rees
@_date: 2014-03-10 11:19:01
Hi Jimmy, Rees from Coinbase here. 
Great questions.  In most clients, sending bitcoin to an address will leave the payment at that location until the owner spends it again. 
Coinbase is a little different because it's a hosted wallet.  This means you can use bitcoin addresses, donation buttons, and even emails to receive payments into your account there.  Once the bitcoins arrive, they are moved off the address itself into the website's hot wallet for security and privacy concerns.  We eventually end up storing more than 97% of funds offline.  
When you get sent a bitcoin payment, you'll see it moved in the blockchain (this is normal) so the best way to check your wallet's balance is the total shown at the top of every page, and the transaction page.
We're glad to see the Wikimedia Foundation interested in accepting bitcoin donations.  Remember that when receiving funds, you'll also have the option to immediately lock in the USD conversion rate at Coinbase if you'd rather not hold the bitcoin.  This can help avoid fluctuations in market price, and still maintain an innovative channel by which your supporters can contribute!
If you ever have any questions, feel free to contact us at support and we'll certainly help!
@_date: 2014-02-11 05:58:32
Hi, Rees from Coinbase here. 
I'm very sorry for the difficulty!  This is not typical wallet behavior, and based on your description it's possible that there may be a UI error that shows your account balance updating incorrectly after a sale (or effectively, a bitcoin withdrawal).  
While you can verify the status of your sale starting correctly on the transfer history page at  an automatic system check should also make sure your account balance is correctly updated within a maximum time frame of four hours.  
I'm going to be communicating with our engineers to make sure this type of issue can be appropriately resolved and prevented from happening.  If it continues to occur or if your account balance does not appear correct after this time frame, please follow up with us at support and we'll definitely look into it.  
@_date: 2014-02-21 13:32:51
Hi I'll be more than happy to look into this.  Please send us a message at support and PM me your case number if possible!
@_date: 2014-03-10 12:05:28
Also good questions!
* The conversion rate to change between bitcoin and USD is 1%.  We still want anyone on the fence to be able to take a test drive though.  For merchants and organizations accepting donations, we waive these fees on the first $1,000,000 in payments.  
* Similar to exchanges, the buy/sell spread is kept to a minimum.  It's possible to check this data in real-time on 
* For those that want to accept bitcoin but exchange to USD, we made a resource page that describes exactly how this works: 
I can definitely understand the questions about bid/ask, especially if larger amounts are involved.  To make sure we completely answer any questions beyond the details of a reddit reply, I'll make sure the team reaches out to you on this for more specifics. 
@_date: 2014-04-21 20:30:19
You may want to take a look at some of the transactions that sent funds into your wallet.  Are some of them still unconfirmed? 
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:47:00
This is a very reasonable answer that I would agree with
@_date: 2014-04-11 03:37:30
I'm very sorry for the difficulty!  These rate-limiting steps are in place as a security measure, but by design they are not supposed to block your access.  
Please send us a message at support and we'll be happy to take a look and make sure your account is fully functional.  
@_date: 2014-02-10 19:45:23
Hi, Rees from Coinbase here. 
I am extremely sorry for the misunderstanding.  With regards to the current instant purchase limits for level 1 and 2 accounts, I can understand some of the frustration.  Setting these levels requires careful consideration of both convenience and safety, and we hoped to clarify some of this reasoning in our [recent blog post on this matter](  Because we're committed to the idea of making bitcoin easy to use, this is still an aspect of the site we'll be continuously looking to improve.  
When multiple different members of a family want to sign up for their own separate Coinbase accounts, this is perfectly acceptable.  It is also fine for family members to refer each other and receive this bonus.  Keep in mind that per our user agreement, an individual would need to be at least 18 years of age (or 19 in some states) in order to have an account.  
What is not acceptable however, is when a single individual attempts to bypass the order limits by creating multiple accounts, or takes advantage of the referral bonus program using this method.
Hopefully this helps explain, but if you ever have further questions or issues pertaining to your account, please don't hesitate to send us an email anytime and we'll be glad to assist.  Thank you!