@_author: coinsaivory
@_date: 2018-01-02 12:29:19
What do you think about BTC's value? Do you think that it will raise substantially within the next couple of months, as predicted, or do you think that it will continue to raise steadily? Furthermore, what do you believe would be better in the long-run - ETH or BTC? Last but not least, what is the best platform for altcoin trade? 
@_date: 2018-01-05 11:29:54
This is an act that deserves accolade! Not all heroes wear capes... some of them donate! Thanks to magnanimous people such as yourself, people still believe in this term called humanity! 
If you are doing this with BTCs, are you also considering altcoins, as their profitability also proves to be high? For example, I did a similar act to several hospitals with the funds that I raised from ICO's. I even read about an upcoming ICO called Cointed, and I believe that this would also be a boom to the market. I'm surely investing in it, and, who knows, another generous act might be fueled by it. :) 
@_date: 2018-01-04 07:32:23
I checked it and it looks very nice! I like it! Can you add more videos regarding ICOs, however, as I'm heavily investing in ICO projects? You may add preeminent ICO projects such as Monero, Cointed, Gatcoin, Jolly, Experty, etc. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 00:12:54
I perfectly agree with you and wish you.
However, let us remember one of the first principles of Economics: People have unlimited demands. In other words, if we're to read this from a psychological perspective, we know that people (us in this case) are greedy and would always strive to accumulate profit in a timely manner. Thus, if there's a mean that would fluster and speed up this process, people will embrace it. Such as gambling, cryptocurrencies hold a great risk. However, they're also a short cut to becoming rich - something which most people are striving for. Thus, if it is the value of the currency that generates return on income, then this is the factor that people would focus on. 
Unfortunately, it is not our fault - this is who we are - imperfect creatures, a vessel of angels and demons. It is in our nature to act like stockholders. Analogously, we cannot blame the wolf for killing other animals - a predator does what it needs to survive...
Happy holidays! 
@_date: 2017-12-26 09:56:55
I believe that, once again, there will be a price drop in BTC exactly one year from now, on Christmas. However, I don't believe that The Coin will reach $66,421. I'd aim for something lower - to say, $40,000. This is due to the fact that people will need more time to "restore" their credibility. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 00:49:25
That's true. What is more, Bitcoin Cash has indeed a lot of flaws which prevent people from having a lot of faith in it. I, personally, am optimistic about the future of Bitcoin Cash, by checking different predictions. Nevertheless, the name, itself, is a vital form of advertising, as many people have only heard of Bitcoin and would assume that these two coins are interchangeable. 