@_author: coinling
@_date: 2017-01-22 11:24:06
I don't see a reason apart from psycholocical of course.
A lot of people think btc is overpriced at 1000$, this is the exact same reason. Because they think in $$$ price and not in market cap and total supply etc. 
just psychological effect
I think it will definitely increase demand. All exchanges should actually go for this :) 
@_date: 2017-01-16 22:21:32
I think you missunderstood my post.
I see it exactly as you do.
But the question is how we as a community deal with changes in future ? I like the idea of having 90% consensus like Segwit tries to reach, but is this any realistic ? 
How are we even able to do changes with consensus to the protocoll which are necessary, definitely midterm aren't they?
Should we relay on the miners like we basically have to do now ? Or change something in code so the nodes can decide?
I mean even now basically the money speaks, which i find ok.
But maybe we find some better solutions in future.
@_date: 2017-01-16 10:26:34
If this would be the case and bitcoin would be Done after a single hard fork being contended, then what majority do you think is necessary and how will you measure it ?
Is 80% enough or does it have to be 99 or even 100%(which both you will never get imo)? 
And are miners worth more than the community behind Bitcoin ?
Are experts better in seeing the future than regular people ? And even if they are, the people should have to have the ability to decide what they want in future no matter if it is better for them or not. Nobody knows anyway. And that's why these technology is so great. Because everyone has the option to tell and do what he likes and is not forced to follow any dictate.
I think bitcoin will survive even if they split. And if not, then it won't survive without the split either. Because the split IS already there all the time. But after speaking out the truth(doing a real split) there will be the chance to go over it and find a solution and the better option should win in the end.
And therefore i even think, that will make the system better longterm.
Sure there will be some trust lost, but people who understand the system might even like it better since it is a way where the people can decide with money/nodes/speech via reddit or other platforms to get others on board and then let's see what the majority wants.
The point is whether 40% should follow 60% or whether we should instead have two seperate solutions then. 
This is probably the whole topic we are going to have solve in future regardless.
How can a minority live free and not being surpressed by the majority. Our systems so far don't work that well.
But i like the idea of a free market and free speech and what we all want with this decentral tools.
If we go on living in anxiety and let the "experts" decide how we are going to live in future than we didn't evolve from regular state and central baking system.
So we should rather let or money/word/time speak and do what is right for us and even if this would create a 60-40% situation and a shortterm catastrophe.
The other part is slowly dying or bitcoin being in a niche what we definitely all don't want as well.
But the good thing is this won't happen anyway, since we have competition out there in altcoins and there will be solutions to any problem. And we have the choice already.
If litecoin goes for segwit now, Bitcoin could go another route and so everyone has it choice.
The biggest problem is the anxiety in doing anything at all.
This won't solve any problem by default.
@_date: 2017-04-18 21:56:27
Are u considering doing something against kraken as well?
They had definitely more issues during the past 12month than poloniex.