@_author: coinbasemarketingod
@_date: 2015-06-05 17:44:41
Your title is misleading and self serving.  The rule affects hosted wallet providers.  Wyoming is on to the fact that user controlled wallets have a different risk and custodial profile when contrasted with hosted wallets.
@_date: 2015-01-28 02:02:18
Getting tired of this constant self-congratulatory coinbase spam.  
This isn't news.  Plus coinbase isn't innovating, all they are doing is building a giant bank around bitcoin and aggressively seeking regulatory entrenchment to force out any competition.  
This isn't good for bitcoin, and it's not good for us as users of the technology.  
Seriously, forget coinbase and stop making posts like these.  What the heck happened to this forum?  We should be boycotting coinbase, not letting them lead.
@_date: 2015-02-20 14:04:07
Hell is empty all the devils are here.
It's easy to beat on price when you cut corners and break the law.
You can't throw a stick without hitting a money transfer rule that Coinbase and rebit are breaking in the US.
1: Violating reg e.  Dodd frank caused changes, you have to disclose that total cost of a money transfer (including fees, taxes and fx on both sides) to the sender before they send.  Their send option isn't designed like a money transfer and doesn't disclose the costs compliantly.  
2: They don't have money transmitter licensing in all 50 states, yet this option works from every state.......
3: a list of other violations depending on state.
I'm sure they will get to keep doing it without any consequences while the rest of us can't get a business bank account.  
Then if we get into this business despite all of the anticompetitive back room dealing with banks, we will be forced to comply with money transfer regs before we do business or go to jail.
Total bs.  Unfair playing field.
@_date: 2015-02-17 10:55:54


Genuine answer: yes.  
Support other businesses and don't let yourself be part of the problem.  There are other ways to buy bitcoin other than circle and coinbase.  
You should NEVER use them as your wallet.  Both spy on you and can freeze your funds.  Coinbase is the worst.
@_date: 2015-02-15 17:57:27
Coinbase isn't safe either, jackass.  Their cold wallets are completely uninsured, which is 97% of their deposits.
Multisig "enterprise level security" doesn't prevent insider or social engineering fraud.  
Nice try.  How much is Coinbase paying you?