@_author: coinshares_chris
@_date: 2018-11-30 15:59:12
Hard to say for sure because miners will never tell you their exact conditions for competitive reasons. I suspect some are on fixed contract pricing, some are on spot pricing. 
From what we can gather though, there are -lots- of hydro projects out there where utilisation is way below capacity (check out the capacity factors on page 121 here: [ in fact global utilisation looks to be no larger than 60%. Crazy.
(not sure to what extent daily demand swings plays into that)
A lot of times large-scale mining also happens quite far from traditional demand centres, closer to the plants themselves (where prices are lower due to lower transmission losses). Some times the plants there used to feed industry that has since left, or the industry demand they envisioned when building the plants never quite materialised.
@_date: 2018-11-30 13:20:08
Hey man, thanks for commenting. I remember you from Consensus, hope you're well.
So, if you look at the curtailment rates in the relevant regions (China, Pacific North West, upstate NY, Canada etc), it seems like a lot of it (if not most) is in fact unused excess capacity. There's particularly a lot of built-out hydro where original demand has left or the intended demand never quite materialised. BitMEX research did a [great piece]( on this issue with regards to Chinese hydro built with the hope of attracting aluminium smelters.
Moreover it makes sense that miners gravitate towards unused electricity, which will always be the cheapest electricity available, because mining (with the exception of roaring bull markets) can generally not compete with regular industry/households on price as it is a relentless race to the lowest electricity costs and a fixed-sum game.
@_date: 2018-11-30 13:30:41
That's what price signaling is for. If miners can pay the price of the electricity, the market believes the utility is higher than any competing buyers.
This is also why miners tend towards unused electricity: they generally can't compete on price against legacy industry or households.
@_date: 2018-11-30 13:43:23
You're correct about the baseline draw, but Bitcoin mining isn't really done on any appreciable scale outside of regions of large, excess renewables production. If you're mining on anything above ¢5/kWh today you're gonna have a really tough time, that excludes most of the world from an opportunity standpoint. It's really only under-utilised renewables that can offer prices like that.
@_date: 2018-12-04 19:23:20
It's a constant uphill battle. If you think this audience is tough, imagine the mainstream media. Probably would have helped if Whalepanda had included the link to the report in his Tweet, but hey, all in the past by now. 
Also, the red pill is the hardest to swallow. 
We'll get there.
@_date: 2018-12-05 10:14:53
That was kinda the point. Perhaps my Matrix reference was a a tad too obscure :)
Anyways, thanks for helping to spread the source report around. 