@_author: coinbase_daniel
@_date: 2015-12-20 17:08:13
Hi thanks for posting.  We've reached out to you with more information on this case.
I wanted to let you know immediately that we're looking into the relevant vulnerability reports, and that if any decisions were made regarding your eligibility to use Coinbase they were not related to security reporting in any way.
@_date: 2014-07-22 17:34:27
Hi I'm really sorry to hear about all of the trouble here!  I can definitely understand your frustration and would like to personally apologize for the bad experience.  
If you email into our dedicated merchant help department at merchanthelp I'll be happy to personally handle your case and make sure it's resolved.  We take all issues with merchant orders seriously and will make sure this doesn't happen again in the future.
Thank you for all of your patience that you've had here.  We're very sorry for the inconvenience and hope that we'll be able to resolve this soon.
@_date: 2014-08-05 17:49:07
Hi I'm really sorry for all of the trouble here!  If possible, would you be able to email into our dedicated merchant support department at merchanthelp  I will be happy to personally handle your case and make sure you receive the product that you paid for, or a full and timely refund.
Again, I'm really sorry for all of the trouble here.  We will work on getting this issue resolved very soon.  
@_date: 2014-10-08 22:53:42
Hi Really sorry to hear about the bad experience here!  If possible, would you be able to email into our merchant help department at merchanthelp  If you include a subject of "Assign to Daniel," I will personally handle your case and make sure you receive a full refund.
Thank you for all of your patience here, as well.  We will definitely look into improving our customer experience for order issues.
@_date: 2015-01-13 14:32:09
Hi Thanks for taking the time to write this out!  It's great to hear that you chose to accept Bitcoin with Coinbase.  I work on Coinbase's merchant integration team; I'd like to try and help address each of the hurdles you mentioned.
 


 
This is definitely a portion of our service that we'd like to improve in the near future.  In the meantime, sending small amounts of Bitcoin is best for testing.  If you use another Coinbase account to send the funds, and send at least 0.001 BTC, you won't lose any money on mining fees - we'll cover them on your behalf.
 


 
Over/under payments can unfortunately be tricky to handle.  We've implemented several features to help minimize the possibility of such occurrences.  If a customer clicks on or scans our payment QR code, for example, the amount will often be automatically filled in for them.
 


 
I can definitely understand the frustration with this.  In order to ensure that the correct amount of Bitcoin is received for orders, our system must refresh an order every 10 minutes.  As part of this refresh, we update the order to reflect the current BTC exchange rate.  We're definitely open to improvement suggestions for how our refresh affects the order flow.
 


 
This is definitely possible with our platform.  As long as a refund is below your daily "instant purchase" limit, our system will allow you to instantly purchase and refund the fiat-equivalent of an order.  I've included the steps necessary for doing so below:
1. Navigate to your orders page ( 
2. Click on the order that you'd like to refund
3. Click on the "Refund this Order" button and fill out the displayed form
 
More information about your instant purchase limit is available here: 
 


 
Many of our eCommerce plugins ( allow for a simple plug-and-play solution, without any custom logic.  While custom order logic will be needed if utilizing these plugins will not be possible, this logic will often be similar to other payment flows (e.g. PayPal).  We'll always be happy to help with any questions about our order flow, as well.
 


 
Due to the nature of Bitcoin, it's often not possible to initiate a synchronous "pull" transaction.  Our developer's API does allow for such transactions in some cases using OAuth2.  More information about this functionality is available here:
 


 
While additional payments are possible, it's often possible to initiate refunds automatically.  I've included a few potential refund methods below:
 
1. Collecting an email address from customers.  If any incorrect or extra payments are received, you'll be able to simply send the funds back to their email address.  If the customer does not have a Coinbase account, they will then be prompted to login and claim their funds.
2. Collecting a Bitcoin refund address from customers.  You'll then be able to simply send refunds back to this address.  For payments made using the Bitcoin payment protocol, refund address collection will be done automatically.
 


 
While UI changes can be necessary, these can be minimized if desired.  Our developer's API can allow for a seamless integration with your site, either through our shopping cart plugins or custom UI development.
 


 
Depending on your system, it may be possible to utilize an alternative flow for affiliate marketing.  We'll be happy to discuss potential approaches for your specific use case.  Just shoot us an email us at merchanthelp
 


 
Refunds can be sent directly to a customer's email address, if necessary, without any manual Bitcoin address collection.
 
I hope this helps address some of your concerns.  As always, we'll be happy to assist further in our dedicated merchant help inbox (merchanthelp  
@_date: 2015-01-31 02:10:16
Hey We're in the process of rolling out our Now support; cards will start going out in the very near future.  As long as you have the newest versions of the Coinbase and Google apps installed, you should be ready to receive cards.
Hope that helps clarify.
@_date: 2015-04-01 23:59:07
Great question - we support buy and sell orders directly in EUR.
@_date: 2015-02-27 21:54:33
Great question; the funds from wires can typically be used as soon as the wire is processed.  This will often happen in less than an hour, as long as the wire is sent before 3:30pm PT during business hours.