@_author: coingame
@_date: 2015-06-09 16:19:57
@_date: 2014-11-29 09:58:04
[walletgenerator.net]( supports NuBits as well now. You can make all kinds of hardware wallets! +upvote
@_date: 2014-10-05 01:02:27


How are you totally ignoring the point I made that this is leading towards a terribly catastrophic end game where the centralized powers decide whether or not the network is capable of continuing to process transactions? if you can't move the coins they are worthless. If people can't profit off their hashing power they simply will not do it. We've seen this happen to many altcoins. Wild future price fluctuations can render the game unprofitable and cutting the cord is a serious reality when left to a few major players. It's no different than your PoS scenario. You disregarded the biggest concern as if it doesn't exist.
I still think having equity in securing the stability and capability of the network is far superior long term. We can simply disagree on that since I believe your point is the opposite. I'm fine with agreeing to disagree. 


You totally side stepped my argument again and misrepresented what I said. I never even said there's a problem volatility in a crypto. There's a problem with volatility in a currency, and Bitcoin is trying to advertise itself as a currency. The average consumer doesn't want to walk around paying for coffee with stocks. Especially if the value of it could lose 10% between leaving your house and getting to the store. Bitcoin is closer to a stock than a currency. 
Furthermore, you don't have control of the coins. The market decides the value of your coins. YouHaveNoPowerHere.png. The market has shown itself to be a rather brutal baron since gox happened, and you can't blame that on the Fed. So any assertion that you have more power using Bitcoin is ridiculous. You simply have a preference of dealing with no control over the supply or no control over the price. Pick your poison.
Honestly, you speak about Bitcoin as if it's some sort of mystical awakening or immortal deity. It's not. It's a tool like the internet, telephone, telegraph, pony express service, or stone tablets. If it doesn't adapt it will die out. Especially if people find more utility in a product that is more familiar to their idea of how money should work. But hey, some people still prefer to use AOL on top of their broadband service. It introduced the idea of having access to a wealth of information, but it was not flexible enough to adapt and meet the needs of what users expected. It's not he biggest player in the game anymore, but some people still use it. That's okay.
Crypto is not money is true. Very true. We're not talking about cryptography in general though. We're talking about Bitcoin, which is trying to be money. Bitcoin has some serious long term flexibility issues outside of the major concerns that I've had to reiterate, but feel free to believe it's a unique snowflake that's incapable of melting.
@_date: 2014-12-28 13:53:49
+1 NBT Very nice of them to try exploring more use cases for NuBits. We're lucky to have drawn their interest.
@_date: 2014-10-25 15:32:06
Anyone interested in learning about NuBits can come join us on or our official forum discuss.nubits.com :D
@_date: 2014-10-04 23:08:23
NuBits is actually not a PoS coin. It's not used to secure the network. It's meant to be truly used as a currency rather than a vehicle for speculation. It's not even closely mirroring the bitshares implementation.
Bitcoin is rapidly heading towards centralization every day with the case of mining farms controlling the security and and capability of the network. It introduces it's own interesting problems especially visible in times like this. As the process of securing the network becomes more reliant on farming it requires those farms to benefit from the process. They have no affinity to the network other than meeting their costs, and profiting (otherwise why go through the trouble, right?). Bitcoin has some juice to squeeze out of it left but it will get to a point where there wont be as much juice to squeeze. These price fluctuations can render operations unprofitable and with no affinity to the network other than profit there's no need to continue operation. When the mining farms shut down, so does Bitcoin, and mining farms are becoming the standard rather than an extraordinary circumstance. You don't see fancy logos or marketing when you look at pictures of these places. They don't love the coin, they love the money. There's a dangerous uncertainty regarding the capability of the networks future. Freedom is a double edge sword and the blade you use to cut others can cut you as well. Or at least in the case of Bitcoin just cash and and hit the power switch.
PoS coins don't have that same unfavorable endgame scenario to worry about. It does have it's own concerns, but I think the outlook is far more favorable. As someone who hodls Bitcoins I'm not interested in seeing days like today, but ignoring the realities of the system is a dangerous game. It requires an ever increasing appreciation in value for the passive interest (profiteering) of securing the network. We have not seen anywhere near the same value appreciation since gox was fudging numbers.
I'm a huge fan of the project i'm working on obviously. We've abstracted the volatility and ownership of the network (through NuShares) with the stability and utility of a currency (with NuBits). To believe that people would rather use a currency that can drop $150 per unit in one day as their day to day store of value, to me, is fallacious. Everything is capable of being replaced. Bitcoin is trying to advertise itself as a kitchen knife with a kitchen sink attached to it. It's impractical for the average consumer the way it's designed, but separating the components can produce some great utility.
I'm still not sure how they're going to abstract the different utilities in a way that won't kill the network yet appeals to an average consumer.
@_date: 2014-10-04 18:45:58
Well the problem is volatility will be the ongoing story with Bitcoin. It's not going to stop. We don't keep stocks in our wallet for day to day purchases, and Bitcoin is closer to a stock than a currency. Though to get broader usage it's advertised as a currency. This will never last, and they won't convert the average consumer. The biggest headlines the average person remembers are the bad ones (mt gox, price crashes), and that will compel them to stay away. If you want to check out something new I'm from the team and we have the worlds first stable value crypto. It's designed to be used as a currency first. We hope it will solve a lot of the problems Bitcoin is struggling with right now.
@_date: 2014-11-22 18:35:12
Bitcoin can keep doing what it's doing. NuBits provides the cryto stability for people that want the benefits without speculation. +1 NBT
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:08:08
There's 365 reasons why holding onto Bitcoin is a bad idea. Thankfully people can hold onto NuBits and spend them at places that accept Bitcoin now. No need to worry about losing money every day and all the benefits of crypto. :D
@_date: 2014-10-05 10:33:02




This is totally preposterous and based off nothing other than wishful thinking. Once again this goes back to immortal deification of a technology and it's delusional at best. To think we'll arrive at a point where Bitcoin becomes subsidized or managed by the government before a more efficient system takes the place is some serious technology worship. I know i'm in the lions den wagging a stick at the big cats, but the level of worship around here goes against every example of technology lifespans we can look at. You don't like the way the government lets the Fed run our monetary policy but you want the government to get its hands in propping up Bitcoin? That would never happen without some serious structural changes to the point it wouldn't even look like Bitcoin anymore. You would be lucky if it even got close to ending up that way.
And to your second point - people don't want to manage their everyday money like futures contracts. What if I could simply NOT press a button and receive the same result? There are other solutions which provide that service already. The old rules still apply to how people want to use it. This is why Windows 10 will have the start button/Windows button back in the software. Nobody gave a damn about the new interface. They wanted the old one because it's what they knew and it worked. Trying to add all these convoluted layers on top of Bitcoin for the average consumer to deal with just goes to show the inflexibility of the design. You're saying that it's not trying to be money, but then saying "what if we could make it just as good as money with this stuff added". This is some of the most ridiculous doublespeak. Credit/debit cards are more common than checks now because they were easier to use for the average person. Not because people were enamored with this amazing piece of magic plastic money.
It's the first snowflake to fall during winter in the desert. It has people amused and intrigued. Other snowflakes are falling, and to assume that everyone will stay in love with this snowflake (to the point that the government is going to step in and save it even) is amusing to me. 
@_date: 2015-01-13 23:30:41
Not really a great idea to post that blog post considering [most of the Bitshares community themselves thought it was embarassing and dishonest]( [It also lead to some Bitshares investors to leave Bitshares completely because of how deluded the post was](
NuBits is a great asset to use for storing value safely in crypto form. [Here's a list of all the things that can be done with NuBits right now.]( No other stable value crypto even comes close.
If anyone has any questions let me know and I would be happy to help.
@_date: 2015-08-20 22:53:32
Operations for the automated pools (ALP) are soon to be set up on 
*  
*  
with existing operations already running on 
* 
* 
* 
* 
Check out  for more info on the various operations
If you have Bitcoins siting on those exchanges doing nothing, why not earn some interest on them?
@_date: 2015-07-17 21:47:58
I'll send them the memo bro.
@_date: 2015-07-17 16:56:06
It was really nice of Shapeshift to adopt us so early after our release. It's been a bumpy road but we've been really fortunate to deliver on our goals.