@_author: coins1204
@_date: 2014-03-09 16:42:46
Post source code please, or this gets reported as malware to both reddit and Sourceforge.
@_date: 2014-01-09 19:47:46
I was going to say the same thing. Doesn't look like they have any of the newer cards.
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:33:14
Sorry, I don't buy the "spirit of reddit" argument.
There are plenty of subreddits that aren't spammed with memes and actually promote good discussion.


If you ban the memes, you lose the people who make memes. What is the downside? 
@_date: 2013-12-23 06:46:05
So many middlemen, so many fees. Why not just pay with cash or a bank card?
@_date: 2013-12-23 15:43:34
Maybe this is too much of a circlejerk to actually discuss this here but I'll give it another shot.
You completely ignored all the steps he had to take.
1. You have to buy bitcoins. For the majority of people, that is going to be done through coinbase which involves a bank account or credit card, as well as a wait to be verified and a wait for the order to be processed. Fees on top of that.
2. You had to go to another 3rd party to buy a gift card. Gift cards have a fee of 3-5% usually. I haven't used gyft so I don't know if they add another fee on top of that.
3. Now you have a gift card. Even if it is a refillable card, you will never spend everything on the card. That's more money lost.
Those are 3, long, expensive steps just to use bitcoin at a retailer. Your argument about convenience doesn't even register. I don't know what you are talking about when you say holding your phone up. Is the gift card on the phone? Is it being scanned just like a credit card would be swiped? You don't want to enter a pin but you're fine letting something scan your phone?
* Counting change is a non-issue
* short changing almost never happens and is easily corrected
* your gift card can be rejected just the same as your credit card in this "what if" scenario
* Full credit card numbers are not printed on receipts anywhere I have ever shopped and a stolen gift card is even easier to use.
* I haven't had to enter a pin to use my bank card at a retailer in years.
I'm not saying "why use bitcoin" or "bitcoin will never be accepted 1:1". I'm saying, in this case, why waste so much time and money to convert your cash to bitcoins to gift cards? Just because "it's cool?"
Even if you ignore step 1, get the bitcoins; buying a gift card still loses you more time and money than if you had just used cash or a bank/credit card instead. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 16:08:33
I have had almost daily issues with them. Negative balances, long deposits, long withdrawals, missing orders, missing coins, wrong orders being shown in the order book, wrong data in the API, etc.
But, all the issues are **eventually resolved** and while I've missed out on some great trades, I haven't lost any coins permanently.
@_date: 2013-12-07 17:12:02


Right, but you have to get to that understanding first.
If you are new and is where people direct you to learn more, being greeted with a page of memes is not the best way to be taken seriously.
@_date: 2013-12-21 18:27:04


I guess we have different definitions of "real money."
Just because a coin is flawed or not serious (dogecoin), doesn't mean you can't make a good profit from it. 
For example: Today's trade volume so far on dogecoin is 1025 BTC or 615,000 USD (at $600/BTC). 
That seems real enough to me. I don't care if real businesses want to accept the coin, I just want to be able to trade it in a reliable and timely manner.
@_date: 2013-12-21 15:13:18
I've been using Cryptsy for about 3 weeks, and I've had almost daily issues with them. Missing deposits, slow withdrawals, slow orders, missing orders, negative balances, wrong order books displayed, wrong api values and more.
So far, every time I've had an issue it's been fixed within a day or two.
It just doesn't seem like they are experienced enough to run a business of this size. They don't have adequate hardware or software. They don't have enough trained customer service employees. 
Their communication with customers is extremely lacking. When enough people complain on Twtter, the owner will state "oh yeah that is a known issue." Ok, why isn't that information displayed right on the site next to the coin itself? In the balances, in the header, in the market or in a blog. Anywhere.
They are swamped with new coin deposits yet, instead of fixing their servers they keep adding coins to the site. Yes, a lot of people wanted them to add DOGEcoins but they clearly can't handle it. The first night, it took 3 hours for my deposit, 6 hours the next day and yesterday's deposit took over 10 hours. The coins show up as pending after 5 minutes and sit there the entire day. Something isn't structured correctly.
The other alt exchanges aren't much better. In fact, they are worse off. Coinex, coins-e have zero customer interaction along with the same server issues Cryptsy has. Bter seems ok but I think their customer service is just an email address.
So, what is it about alt coins that's preventing experienced businessmen and programmers from making a working exchange?
