@_author: coinatm
@_date: 2014-01-24 17:12:14
Duplicate of OP:
Hello cryptocoiners,
We are starting a new coin who's sole mission is to help organizations, non-profits and worthy causes raise money.  
This is a merge mined coin, so you don't need to stop mining bitcoin or litecoin to earn some ☯rgcoin.
10% of each block is donated to our foundation to be distributed to a selected cause.  
90% of each block is sent to the miner who detected the block.
Each month 100% of our profits are donated to an organization or cause selected by our users.
Is this something that interests you?  Would you like to be invited to the beta test?
Q: Do you guys have a website?
A:  
Q: What is merge-mining?
A: Merge mining is the ability to mine two coins at the same time.  We intend to offer a way to mine ☯rgcoin while simultaneously mining bitcoin OR litecoin.  (We will eventually offer both an SHA256 version and a separate Scrypt version of our coin based upon the same principal of donating to worthy causes but we are starting with scrypt).  Here's the specification for bitcoin merge mining: 
@_date: 2013-09-13 07:36:55
LOL, I'm not with the NSA.  
Thank you swordv2 for your support!  Come join swordv2 in supporting our project:  
Bitcointalk Lending Forum:
@_date: 2013-09-07 21:50:42
Our company is designing and will install a: 
Bitcoin Automated Teller Machine (ATM) 
in Denver, Colorado USA
This ATM will take in US Dollars and Distribute BTC.
Poll results from Bitcointalk: 
Would you use an ATM machine to buy Bitcoins? 
Yes	- 28 (80%) 
No	- 2 (5.7%) 
Maybe	- 5 (14.3%) 
Total Voters: 35
We have permission to place an ATM machine in front of the Jefferson Building, in Denver CO. (
The ATM machine we intend to place will cost more than $40,000 USD. This is NOT a loan for the ATM machine, this is the first of many small loan requests.
To comply with necessary identification protocols for the Department of Treasury's KYC (Know your Customer) and AML (Anti Money Laundering) our machines will include bio-metric scanners that will either scan the users retina or the users fingerprint and will limit daily purchases by a single person.
This initial loan is to cover the formation of the company, the establishment of the trade name and website and to cover the engineering and permits required to place the machine. Proceeds will also pay for legal counsel to guarantee our compliance with US Laws regarding the sale of cryptocurrency.
We will offer subsequent loans for the purchase of various hardware necessary to implement our system.
In Colorado the maximum loan amount we can pay is limited by the state. We are allowed to pay 3% per month.
In Colorado it is illegal for us to offer any security against the business at this time, however we expect this to change when crowdfunding laws are enacted later this year.
We will offer equity and debt securities to all lenders just as soon as the laws allow us to do that. The first crowdfunding laws go into effect as soon as September 23, 2013. To be clear anyone lending to us will be first in line to hold an equity position in our firm just as soon as the law allows but we are not offering any securities at this time.
There are two principals involved in this company, Sean and Steve. Sean went to an Ivy league University where he studied computer science with an emphasis on computer generated imagery. He then built a successful dot-com company which he retired from in 2009. Steve has an MBA from a large American University and is currently studying to get a law degree. Among other accomplishments he has programmed ATM machines for the last 15 years while employed as a digital security consultant by several large banks.
Interest will be paid back by personal income.
Thank you for your consideration.
