@_author: coinbasetxfeetoolow
@_date: 2017-08-26 19:45:52
Just wanted to come back and say THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU - After several more days of no response from Coinbase (2 more unanswered emails and various ignored tweets which were joined by others experiencing my same issue) I decided to take actions into my own hands and follow your advice.  
After doing some more research it seems that the process you explained is called "Child Pays for Parent" (CPFP), and as it turns out Electrum has a function to do this automatically!  All I had to do was update to the most recent version of Electrum, enable a few settings, right click on the transaction that was stuck, click on "Child Pays for Parent," set a new mining fee that was high enough for the combined size of the original stuck transaction and the new CPFP transaction, and voila... In 10 minutes both transactions had 1 confirmation!
Stinks that I had to essentially pay a double mining fee to make up for Coinbase's error, but at least I have my coins and no longer have to deal with them.  On the bright side the price of coins has gone up about 10% since this whole ordeal started, so I made back the excess mining fee and then some.  I hope anyone who experiences this type of problem can follow these steps and get their coins back just as easily and hopefully without half the struggle I went through :)
Thanks again lakompi, you're a true internet hero!
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:21:35
They do not reply to emails and have no listed CS phone number :(
@_date: 2017-08-24 17:40:12
Two more questions for you if you don't mind:  
(1) I've done some digging and it appears that Coinbase sold me my small amount of BTC from an address which had ~10BTC on it.  The input for the transaction was ~10BTC, and the two outputs were (1) the small amount to my address, and (2) the much much larger remainder going to some address that I presume is a change address for Coinbase.  Is the "change" from this transaction stuck in limbo as well since they set such a tiny fee for my transaction?  This would presumably be really good for me, since Coinbase would have 10s of thousands of dollars locked up until they find a way to clear my transaction.  Or is change treated differently?  
(2) I've noticed the transaction disappears from my Electrum wallet when I close it and reopen it sometimes.  Closing it and reopening it again usually brings it back, but it's definitely not there all of the time.  Any idea what this means?
Thanks again!!
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:47:29
So that sounds really good for me, right?  They have nearly 10BTC that is stuck in limbo the same as my BTC is, and the only way they can effectively use any of that in the future is to find a way to make sure my tx clears?  Sorry to keep bothering you, trying to find any hope I can in this situation, hehe.  Thank you again!
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:23:30
Is there any chance that after some amount of time the transaction will be forgotten and the coins returned to my account?  Or is it just going to sit there forever with my money in limbo?  Thanks for your help.
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:31:00
Update:  My transaction is not even showing up on the blockchain any more, it says "No transaction found with hash _______" - anyone have any idea if this is good or bad for me and my chances of ever seeing these coins again?   Thanks!
@_date: 2017-08-24 11:39:27
Yikes &gt;&lt; I've had pretty good experiences with them my first few transactions... Not stellar, but way better than most of the other places I had previously tried to get BTC.  I guess this will be my last transaction with them either way :/  Thanks for posting this stuff, hadn't seen most of it before.
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:30:02
This is a great idea, thank you!  I will give it a try.  Will it work if I just send from my Electrum wallet to another receiving address in the same wallet?  Or should I create a new electrum wallet to send the output of the unconfirmed transaction to?
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:31:17


@_date: 2017-08-24 21:00:53
Got it - it sounds like they have every incentive to do SOMETHING quickly, so at least I can realistically hope for one of the two scenarios you mentioned.  The second scenario sounds scary, but despite all evidence to the contrary, I genuinely believe Coinbase is not intending to screw people - hopefully just way too much volume for what is probably a pretty small company to handle.  Fingers crossed!!
I know if I accidentally sent $40k to limbo at my job my boss would not be too happy and my only task for the foreseeable future would be to figure out a way to get that back.  Let's hope stuff is not bad enough at Coinbase HQ that such a large sum of money can go missing and nobody even notices or cares, lol.
Thanks again, you've given me some genuine hope in a crummy situation!
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:48:56
Can you recommend any that do not have a minimum mining fee set?  I tried ViaBTC, but they only accelerate transactions with a fee of at least .001BTC/KB, and Coinbase did not even set the fee this high :(
@_date: 2017-08-24 18:30:58
Thanks!  Regarding (1), does that mean that their change of nearly 10 BTC can't be spent until my transaction confirms?  Or can change be spent even if the transaction the change originated from hasn't yet been confirmed?
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:28:01
Thank you again for all of your help - I read all of your replies and am much more hopeful now that I will someday see the coins again.
I plan to wait it out through the weekend to see if perhaps there is lower volume on the blockchain and a chance it goes through.  If it hasn't moved at all by Monday and I still have no response from Coinbase (I have emailed and followed your advice and tweeted, both with no response yet after 24-48 hours), I will follow your advice and try to send all of the coins in my wallet to a new address within that wallet with a very high fee set.  If this doesn't unstick it, I'm going to open a dispute with the bank I used to fund the transaction, though I don't see much hope there.
I genuinely believe that the coins will be lost in limbo for a very long time, if not forever, not because they are truly lost, but as you surmised, because Coinbase CS is so bad that nobody with will ever actually do what needs to be done on their end to recover this transaction.  
It wasn't a very large amount, only a couple hundred dollars, so a lawyer likely won't be worth it.  If even half of the reports linked in this post's comments are true, this is some serious class action lawsuit territory though.