@_author: coinpricetrend
@_date: 2019-03-12 10:08:43
Makes tons of sense to build something like that. These types of blacklists already exist for domains, phone numbers, etc. Lists kept by ad blockers about which domains to block network traffic from could also fit in that category. The trick with Bitcoin addresses is just that it's so easy to generate unlimited new ones, and there's no common attribute to group them (like let's say a common domain for email addresses).
@_date: 2019-03-12 15:04:40
Lightning runs on top of Bitcoin, it's a so-called Layer 2 solution. You definitely need a Bitcoin wallet to store your Bitcoins. If you want to use the Lightning network to transact with others, you can also create a Lightning network wallet.
With Lightning, you temporarily lock up some of your Bitcoin in the Lightning network to transact with other people in that system. When you're done, you close that channel again. This takes some of the load off the main Bitcoin network (it also has some other benefits like being faster and lower fees, but also some disadvantages like your lightning wallet always having to be online).
Let me know if that helps.
@_date: 2019-03-12 12:42:16
If you hold large amounts, it might be good to have both a hot wallet and a cold storage solution. Cold storage would be for the money you won't touch for a long time and could be a paper wallet or hardware wallet (or both). A multi-sig wallet could get you an even more secure setup (e.g. you have three keys in different locations, two are needed to transact). Then you can just keep the money you need for day-to-day usage on your hot wallet and node.
Lightning is still considered experimental and it's advised to only keep very small amounts in the system.
If you really want to get into the weeds, \[check this podcast with Jeremy Welch from Casa\]([ They discuss the security architecture of Casa Nodes and how it helps in different scenarios.
@_date: 2019-03-12 12:26:11
Don't think so. They key is to get a lot of companies and organizations to contribute to a common list (for example, Gmail could automatically add addresses found in spam emails). It will always be a bit behind and never complete, but better than nothing... spam is always a cat-and-mouse game.
@_date: 2019-03-07 11:58:16
Sounds like his son is the one to listen to...