@_author: coin6205
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:53:55
I could see using lightning like you use an ATM with your regular wallet.  You would periodically withdraw $100 in cash from your bank account (cold storage) and keep it in your lightning wallet for use during the week to buy things.  Then if you get mugged you’re only out the $100.
I’m not sure what a hub would do.  Maybe this will be an incentive to avoid creating hubs with a million dollars in a hot wallet, or maybe hubs won’t care or will develop good security(e.g. exchanges now have your private keys / hot wallets online and are operating).
@_date: 2018-01-21 23:50:15
No, I mean the developers took the time to code onion routing into the lightning network, so it shows they are serious about making it private.  The BOLT spec and code to implement it took a lot of effort (if you look at the commits on github).  So I’m saying the developers would take action if exchanges started tracking payments or blocking channels.  The action might be a simple as specifying a minimum number of hops (the max is 20 hops in the code).  So if you set minimum hops to say 15, you would need the cooperation of 15 exchanges to trace the transaction.  Some of these exchanges could be outside of the US etc.  It works like the TOR network works.
The code is commented really good, so you can read the comments to see how it is calculating the path etc.
The onion routing is in a separate project
@_date: 2018-01-26 22:28:50
Agreed, not FUD.  I saw the earlier post and it makes sense.   The onion routing in TOR hides all information, but there were published ways for an attack (e.g. the NSA / a government) to use traffic analysis to determine the originating node and destination node identity.  With lightning, you may be able to determine what nodes were capable of routing the transaction since amounts are used in finding the route.  Rusty pointed out that at launch they are using a simplified routing and the more elaborate schemes may be implemented later.
It makes for interesting conversation.  I don’t yet see a fundamental flaw in the lightning protocol that couldn’t be improved / fixed on a later release.  Also, I think the transactions are kept inside the channel (not broadcast across the entire network like in the main blockchain), so you would somehow need to monitor the chain of nodes in the channel (but correct me if I’m wrong).
@_date: 2018-01-20 23:57:15
The best hope for small transactions with low fees in BTC hangs on the lightning network.  If it works, there will be minimal fees.  If for some reason lightning does not work, I suppose BTC could increase the block size to buy a bit of time to work on a different solution.
@_date: 2018-01-21 22:39:11
Why build in onion routing into LN and write all the dev posts about privacy if it will lead to that outcome?  It think it more likely that if merchants colluded like that then the lightning devs / wallet would provide the option to specify a minimum # of hops when you initiate the transaction or exclude certain exchanges from your route path.  Also I’m sure it would create a market for exchanges / nodes that keep no logs (similar to how some VPN services work) and you would just connect to one of those nodes first and avoid nodes that are tracking for KYC/AML compliance.  Also they are working towards hiding amounts with Schnorr Signatures I thought.
@_date: 2018-01-21 01:35:40
You would need to commit to blockchain to get back to cash, and the penalty transaction mechanism forces a write to the blockchain.  I’m not sure if you can simply fund a single channel, then use the network to route to almost any vendor (or if you would need to open multiple channels and fund them separately to get to different vendors). You might be forced to close and open channels (write back to the blockchain) if you didn’t have enough money for multiple channels, or you just open a single channel to a hub with a a lot of connections to other vendors and just always route through it so you don’t need to open and close channels.
@_date: 2018-01-22 01:10:14
Run the numbers through a spreadsheet (a bunch of people made them) and alter bitcoin price / difficulty to see how much it impacts payout.  Realize your money is trapped / at risk the whole time.  Compare against the price / TH rate of an S9 + electric fees to see how much they are taking off the top.  Note if they have a minimum withdrawl amount.
@_date: 2018-01-23 01:14:25
Depends on what happens.  My hope is futures settle smoothly several times, an ETF is approved, lightning network solidifies and micro-transactions take off later this year.  Hopefully institutional investors are slowly accumulating bitcoin as we speak.  There is then some good news / hype / pressure that pushing the public to buy near the end of 2018.  The money in BCH is shifted to BTC since lightning is working - completely destroying the BCH low fee use case and driving up BTC price further.  All that could easily push BTC to 30K to maybe even 100K.
Or bitcoin is banned in China etc, tethers cause the whole market to collapse (we discover they were used to pump the rise to Dec ATH), bitcoin crashes and then trades sideways for 2 years.
The fundamental technology is revolutionary.  Imagine being in a country where the currency goes into hyperinflation and the population just switches to bitcoin.  
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:42:18
Right, it’s not centralized because you are not forced to use a hub.  Even if the network tended to form hubs that look like banks (because say a hub had very low fees and lot’s of money for channels) the hubs don’t control the money in any way.  The fear of centralization is that the bank can steal you funds, control what you do with your money, etc.  In the LN you just unilaterally shut down the channel and open one using a different route.
@_date: 2018-01-22 00:56:33
Look at 
This is how much tether they printed over the last few days: 
I hope it is backed with USD, but they may just printing it so traders can use it for margin (and they can make money of margin fees).  It’s sketchy they don’t have a bank, and they don’t get a full yearly independent audit with that much money printed.
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:33:23
This link was an excellent breakdown of possible weaknesses in the onion routing protocol.  Since the network is choosing channels based on amounts in channels it could allow an attacker to predict what nodes your payment routed through.  If the payment was very large, it limits what nodes could have forwarded it.  Thanks for taking the time to write it up.
@_date: 2018-01-27 00:50:46
Absolutely agree and I’ve learned a lot from your posts and the various links.  Before looking at these arguments I had assumed lightning was as secure as TOR.  It would make sense for the lightning team to update the FAQ to include these potential weaknesses so it’s more generally understood, along with any future plans to improve confidentiality etc.  
For example I don’t see anything listed here:
Maybe it’s being discussed on the dev list.  Some random ideas for mitigation might be:
-	Setting the minimum hops to say &gt; 10.  Each node only knows the address of the node before it, the next node in the chain, and the value of the transaction.  So in a 10 hop chain there is no way to know how many in the chain came before you or after you.  A compromised node can see a $10 payment come through, but isn’t sure who initiated it or where the destination node is.
-	Timing and amount of payment.  If you take $50 off the chain, then wait a day, and pay $25, wait random amount of time, pay $10, etc it might not be possible to determine anything from the amounts and timing (assuming everyone else is sending similar sized amounts)
-	Forcing use of different route path.  The sender calculates the route path through 10 nodes and stores all node address that will be used locally.  On the next send, the sender calculates a route, but excludes any nodes that were already used in a previous route.  Eventually you reuse nodes in routes if the rates become too high because their aren’t enough channels.
I don’t think any of the above are in the initial protocol.  But perhaps in a future version there would be a “high security” checkbox or something that enabled similar features.
@_date: 2018-01-22 00:02:30
No information on why it should drop by 90% (other than just claiming it’s a bubble).  Maybe it will drop 90% if the rise these past few months was driven by wash trading / tether printing.  Otherwise it seems more likely there will be another push higher since institutional money has barely entered the market yet.  
@_date: 2018-01-22 01:26:12
I looked into it and came to the same conclusion (unless BCH can produce some other evidence).  The history of the project is in github.  This is the best analysis I have found:
@_date: 2018-01-26 22:39:58
I hope people are not marking your posts as FUD.  Much of the post FUD are illogical arguments, silly appeals to satoshi’s vision, etc.  Even a basic understanding of how bitcoin works shows why it does not make sense to just keep increasing block size.  Your posts are balanced and well thought out critiques.  They make perfect sense.  
I would say if you can’t tell the different between a post like this and those obvious FUD bcash posts you should take a deeper dive into how the technology works.
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:44:51
The problem with tether is they have printed over a billion dollars and haven’t had an independent audit.  The auditing firm needs to be reputable and state that the USDT is backed by USD.  They have so much money in USD and Tether it should be no problem to hire a firm or two for an independent audit.  Instead, I think today, they had some random guy show up to the office and look at a computer and vouch that he saw the money in the bank account.  That is really sketchy and unprofessional, given the amount of money involved.  
@_date: 2018-01-21 00:44:37
It depends somewhat on your age.  If you are just out of college you could put more into bitcoin provided you are willing to loose it.  But you might find it very stressful when the price drops - if you have all your savings at stake you’ll be very tempted to sell on a drop / crash (weak hands).  If you try to time the market you may get lucky but more than likely you will loose money in the long run by trying to time the ups/downs.
I suggest putting in a trivial amount to start (say $500) and then ride through the next up swing and crash and keep an eye on your feelings / psychology.  Then see if you panic sell and loose money.  You’ll learn a lesson and can try again (or you can add more money if you do well).  
You may also want to form an investment strategy and stick to it prior to investing.  E.g. “I will invest $500 and if it goes up to $1000 I will pull $500 out and just let the profit ride.  If the price goes down I will hold and not pull the money out regardless of price loss”.  That way you won’t panic sell.  
Be careful with alt coins and pump and dump scams.  They trick you to invest when the price is going up.
If you have a family or need to save for retirement, you really should diversify.  Put 70% in a 401k, spread across sectors.  Then maybe 10-30% in  bitcoin if you are really wanting to roll the dice and get the lambo.
Best advise is to not put more into one investment than you are willing to loose (because bitcoin could go really low if lightning doesn’t, or you could have the money eaten away by panic selling on drops then buying in again multiple times)
Keep an eye on the technology, the fundamentals, and have a plan to take some profits if you get lucky and to price goes to 100k.  Don’t leave it all riding / HODL forever.  If those tethers turn out to not be backed by USD it could be bad times for bitcoin.
I personally think ETH and BTC have the best potential, but I haven’t looked at everything.  BCH does not have a good long term strategy to address scalability.
