@_author: coinbasehacked
@_date: 2017-12-02 23:24:46
Well glad you're out there trying to help others. This is a Viscious scam 
@_date: 2017-12-22 01:38:51
Nope 3+ weeks nothing 
@_date: 2017-12-03 04:37:59
I saw the same thing today too and they got me yesterday bad. It's fucked up and doubt coinbase takes any responsibility 
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:17:10
man just got fucked by this phishing site trying to sing up a new GDAX account. Got me real good. IP shows up in Austin TX
@_date: 2017-12-01 23:09:58
Scam got me today same things as everyone else... got redirected when I was trying to sign into my GDAX account. Asked for my log in info etc. Site was  it now redirects to the real GDAX site. But they cleared my account out. Bought LTC and transferred it right out. Event went into my gmail and deleted the confirmation emails into trash so I wouldnt see them happen. IP address from Asustin Tx but Im sure thats a spoof too. Only thing that kept them from stealing more money is the cap on withdrawals that can be made per day. FML this is BS
@_date: 2017-12-04 02:03:48
Response from Gdax support after I was scammed by phishing site acting like their site. 
Sorry for the delay here. As we experience rapid growth, we are also experiencing a high volume of support requests. We regret not being able to answer your inquiry in a reasonable amount of time.
It appears that you’ve been the victim of a fraudulent phishing attack designed to steal your login information. Malicious actors will attempt to create similar-looking websites to GDAX and Coinbase, advertised in Google searches, in an effort to get you to enter your login credentials there. It appears your password, email and 2-fa codes were used to send digital currency from your account after being entered into a phishing site. In many cases, the attackers use your security credentials to enable Authenticator in their control, thus preventing you to regain access to the account.
Please update your e-mail password and Coinbase password as quickly as possible on coinbase.com/password_resets/new. It is imperative you take action to secure your accounts after entering your credentials on a phishing scam site
If you can, check your internet history and find the URL you visited during the unauthorized sends. Copy and paste that URL into a response to this email. We will work towards taking down all fraudulent websites targeting our users.
We strongly suggest you report this theft to the authorities at  We will cooperate with all law enforcement investigations. We also recommend reporting the advertisement you found the Google directly at 
Digital currencies cannot be reversed, we have no way of reversing or reimbursing transactions confirmed on the blockchain network verified by your password, email and 2-fa phone codes. For future reference, we have an article with some advice for avoiding digital currency scams: 
We’re leaving your account disabled until you are certain your passwords have been cycled, you are certain your e-mail is secured and you believe your account is no longer at risk. We’re very sorry to hear of the negative experience you have had with these phishing sites. I can offer the following recommendations going forward:
1. Always check the URL and Green Lock in the URL of your browser. GDAX.com and Coinbase.com are the only URLs legitimately used by our company. 
2. Bookmark GDAX/Coinbase and never visit advertisements on Google to access the site. Click the bookmark directly. 
3. Closely examine any emails claiming to be from Coinbase. Attackers will use very slight and subtle variations to avoid detection. Report any phishing sites on this URL 
Please respond to this email when your e-mail is secured, your passwords have been cycled and when you have reviewed the URL of the website you visited. We appreciate any additional insight you can provide on the attack.
Link 
Customer Support 
Please keep your account secure! For best results, we recommend enabling Google Authenticator for 2FA at 
@_date: 2017-12-02 23:24:18
I know I checked earlier today myself and was surprised the link is active still. After they got me yesterday they redirected the link to click direct to Gdax.com and now it's back to the same phishing fake sign up page which is identical to Gdax sign in. Super scary. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:59:59
Scam got me today same things as everyone else... got redirected when I was trying to sign into my GDAX account. Asked for my log in info etc. Site was  it now redirects to the real GDAX site. But they cleared my account out. Bought LTC and transferred it right out. Event went into my gmail and deleted the confirmation emails into trash so I wouldnt see them happen. IP address from Asustin Tx but Im sure thats a spoof too. Only thing that kept them from stealing more money is the cap on withdrawals that can be made per day. FML this is BS
