@_author: coinmx
@_date: 2015-06-21 19:36:09
Hi there! I'm sorry to hear that you were experiencing some difficulty using Coin.mx. 
I see your Edit and glad that you were able to buy some bitcoins. 
Thank you for your business! 
@_date: 2014-05-31 10:36:50
We brand .mx as Money Exchange.
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:31:50
Thank you! We really appreciate the feedback and your help spreading the word. We are constantly improving, as we continue to grow and learn more about our member's needs. Feel free to reach out to our support team if you have any further questions down the road. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:45:14
We feel Ashley may have been watching youtube videos. 
We do have systems in place to protect against this circumstance. We are looking into it now.
We take support and security as our top priority!
@_date: 2014-02-19 02:01:37
No BS or fraud here. We had one week where wires were delayed, but should be quick and easy from here on out, especially when the new system is integrated. We appreciate your feedback and we will keep you posted as new features are rolled out. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:32:58
This is a good idea but as you said this is not secure enough of a method when dealing with money. We have other systems in place for this scenario.
Please read the comments above for information on how we protect against this situation.
Thanks for the support!
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:29:06
Agreed. Trust is important but procedures and policies are of utmost importance to Coin.mx.
We apologize for the representatives language but as far as security:
We do have company policy but we have certain mechanisms in place so support agents CAN'T do something to jeopardize a users account.
For this scenario we have a box on the back end of our system that would pop up prompting the support agent that the account may not be disabled because:
1. An active API is running
2. There are open trades that must first be closed.
We are trying to research into this scenario right now as we are still awaiting the email address in question on this thread.
If this feature did not alert the rep then we will fix this issue immediately but this feature has worked many times in the past.
@_date: 2014-05-31 09:00:12
ever think about writing movie scripts?
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:18:51
Like the frat move comment. Shouldn't you be Fratting around and partying at this time?
@_date: 2014-05-31 10:41:35
We have responded many times explaining the situation. Security is always at the forefront of our association. We do not take this situation lightly and it is very serious but we do feel like we have proper mechanisms in place to protect against a potential shut down of someones account that has active trades or an API.
@_date: 2014-09-23 00:49:18
Hansolos1, I believe that this issue has been resolved, but if not, can you please send an update to support and I will research the issue immediately? 
~Jen, Senior Support, Coin.mx
@_date: 2014-05-31 09:58:31
Fullproof is what we strive for. The system wont be able to disable an account if there are open orders or an API connected. One thing is for sure, the way coins are stored in cold storage is full proof.
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:17:01
Our security is top priority. We have a two factor authentication in place for accounts with open trades or accounts with API connectivity.
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:52:17
We can assure you that our security features and support are our top priority. 
We are an association and are governed by our own members, so negligence like GOX will never happen.
We appreciate your comments and for this specific scenario we are looking into the situation as we do have mechanisms put in place to protect a users account from being disabled if they have open trades or are using our API.
We will update the thread once we research thoroughly into the users account and discuss with our technical team to see if our systems failed protecting against this situation.
The support staff is usually notified by a pop up window stating "Disable Rejected! Please make sure the member closes all orders prior to disabling their account" or " Disable Rejected! Please make sure the user deactivates their API prior to disabling their account"
Thank you for your comments.
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:38:33
Thanks for the support but the difference with a CC company and Coin.MX is that if individuals have trades qued up or an API connected and their account is disabled it could cause some serious issues and either loss or savings of money.
We do have a system in place to protect against this and are trying to dissect the situation right now.
Thank you for your comments!
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:30:34
Thank you for your comments but our system is set up in a way that our support agents cannot maliciously attach or harm a users account. Please read the comments above for information on how we protect against this situation.
@_date: 2014-01-14 19:15:36
Thank you for the positive review! Although we are a new association,  satisfied members like you are helping to get the word out about all we have to offer, and we are rapidly growing. Thank you for your membership and your willingness to tell others about your experience. We truly appreciate the feedback. 
Also, The $2 charge was the credit card fee. We will be adding new lower cost deposit and withdraw methods within the next two weeks, so stay tuned!!
@_date: 2014-09-23 00:59:18
Your understanding of our verification process is correct and our requirements for verification can be found on many forums as well as our website.  We do require a verification video for a credit card deposit. This ensures that the transaction is legitimate and authorized. Unfortunately, fraud is a common issue in this industry, so to protect our members, we must makes sure that each and every transaction is authorized. Your funds were not collected by us, instead they were held in an authorized status, which we release within 24 hours of a member transaction that does not meet our strict standards for security. If you do not feel comfortable with our credit card verification process, I suggest utilizing our cash or wire deposit options , as they do not require as stringent restrictions for verification. Coin.mx is definitely not a scam, and a quick scan of various forums and our Facebook reviews should clear up any concern you may have with our legitimacy. ~ Jen, Senior Support, Coin.mx
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:21:10
Coin.MX takes our support very serious. Accounts can be re-enabled but we also understand the importance of not closing an account that has open trades or a connected API.  
We are trying to get to the bottom of the situation as we don't know the email address of the user until we speak to the support agent that helped OP.
We have a two factor authentication method in place for accounts with open trades or a connected API.
Thanks for the support!
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:40:41
Sorry you feel this way about us, but I think we have a proven track record of superior support and legitimacy.
You can check out the reviews on this page 
or facebook/twitter comments.
We are launching our new trading platform in 2 weeks and hope you try us out!
Thanks for the feedback.
@_date: 2014-05-31 07:58:54
Hi OP, this is Jen, Senior Support at Coin.MX. I apologize for the situation, and the language of our chat operator, and that will be handled in house. Security is our TOP priority. I have a few questions to dissect the situation, so it can be handled properly:
1. Was an API being used at the time the account was suspended?
2. Were there any open trades at that time?
3. PS - WE &lt;3 NEOPETS!
Thank you for bringing this to our attention.
@_date: 2014-05-31 10:45:50
The most efficient regulation is a free market as it regulates itself. We are well of this and have the right mechanisms in place to protect, funds, identity and exposure to all of our members.
Thank you for your comments.
@_date: 2014-02-28 06:31:07
They will always twist content to accomplish their goal. Use forums and speak to the community direct. 
Mainstream has an agenda, while sometimes it may work out and be positive, many times positive does not bring the viewers like demonizing subjects or individuals.
Great response!
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:24:57
We do have a policy but we have certain mechanisms in place so support agents CAN'T do something to jeopardize a users account.
For this scenario we have a box on the back end of our system that would pop up prompting the support agent that the account may not be disabled because:
1. An active API is running
2. There are open trades that must first be closed.
We are trying to research into this scenario right now as we are still awaiting the email address in question on this thread.
If this feature did not alert the rep then we will fix this issue immediately but this feature has worked many times in the past.
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:15:51
Now thats just being rude. We love mexicans at coin.mx even though we are based in Merika!
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:42:38
We will speak with her. We understand your frustrations but we have systems in place to protect members accounts from being disabled if there are active trades or an active API being used. Our back end system for support is foolproof. We are researching this specific scenario as we have systems in place to protect against this.
@_date: 2014-02-08 07:19:09
Hi Paul! Thank you for your patience while we sorted through the delay on wires last week. It usually takes between 3-7 days  before it posts, but we are implementing a new system that will credit wires within one day. This definitely won't be an issue in the future. 
Also,  for wires of over 5k there will be 0% transaction fees!
We will be launching many new features in the next couple weeks as well. 
@_date: 2014-06-02 15:42:31
Thank you for all of the comments and suggestions. CryptoCoinNews did an unbiased piece on this issue.
 
Following the Turmoil,  I got a chance to Interview Senior Tech support Manager Jen, from coin.mx about the incident and what is being done about it. Here is the interview:
Can you explain what happened in the incident today?
One of our members requested that their account be deleted. One of our live chat agents disabled the member’s account.
Was what happened in the incident today a mistake?
What happened today was not a mistake, but we are reviewing our procedures in this specific situation and for all of our procedures. We feel our security is one step above bank level security and the reasons below will explain why.
Is it common for coin.mx to lock accounts without any verification of identity?
Locking or disabling of an account is simply making an account inactive. We do not use email for account verification or security as we do not feel this is a valid way to protect against fraud or malicious activity. Our two main sources of verification are video and SMS/Text. For all withdrawals and deposits we utilize SMS/Text confirmations to validate transaction requests and for protection of our members accounts. For large withdrawals or inconsistent activity we reach out to our members for phone verification as well.
If a user requests to change anything we either require verification through SMS and or Video.
In regards to today’s incident, the user requested his account to be deleted. In the past we have not requested any documentation to either disable or re-enable an account because we did not feel that this type of request has any affect on the users security or funds in any manner. We feel that this is a simple and quick option for our users to take if they have concerns that their computer has been compromised and want to disable their account immediately. Many users don’t know that email is not a secure way to protect them but we do and that’s why we have systems in place to protect our users.
The possible scenarios that would affect a users account:
1. If the user was currently using our API, by disabling the account it would disable this functionality of the API
- Our system does not allow an account to be disabled if an API is active, we request that the user disables the API first.
2. If the user has current open orders
- Our system does not allow an account to be disabled if there are open orders. We require all open orders be deleted or executed first.
3. A member’s coins or funds
- 95% of all coins are stored in cold storage, our servers still have the proper ledgers to know exactly how much every user has at any point. Disabling an account does not affect the users funds in any way, it simply just denies access to the account until it is requested to be re-opened. When the account is re-opened, if a user requests a withdrawal of funds or any type of change that affects the security of the account we either require SMS or Video verification depending on certain requests. For phone number changes, we require video proof. By doing this we protect our members to the fullest extent because if a hacker were to put spyware on one of our members computers and tries to change account information we require SMS verification for any withdrawal of funds and if the fraudster tries to change the phone, we would request that they submit a video requesting this. Our support staff then must match the person in the video to the original documentation used when opening the account.
What steps will be taken to ensure something like this doesn’t happen again in the future?
We may request a user send a request from their email, but once again, this is not a proper way to protect a user. If a hacker were to install a trojan on the users computer, the hacker would be able to send an email on behalf of the user anyway. Simply disabling and re-enabling accounts in our eyes is for banning users.
What training will be given to support representatives going forward?
We have 24/7 chat and email support and our phone support is currently open for 18 hours a day. This is 7 days a week and 365 days a year. We pride ourselves in our support and feel that we have certain procedures in place and mechanisms in the technology to protect all of our members to the fullest. We have already addressed this situation with that specific representative. At all times we strive to be professional and courteous to all of our members. If you have a look at reviews on Reddit, Facebook, blogs and comments on Twitter, you will see that our support has a great reputation. There is always room for improvement and we strive for this daily.
To get in contact with Jen, I used the chat feature and was quickly helped by a very friendly member of support and was quickly given the manager’s email address without a problem. Coin.mx has systems in place that will prevent accounts from being disabled if they have an active API, funds, or open orders. These features would make it impossible for a user to contact support, give the email address of a competing business that also uses coin.mx and shut them down for a few days as they would still have funds, and an API set in place that would have to be disabled from the inside. The incident does reiterate the need for enhanced security on any exchange or online business dealing in cryptocurrency. In conclusion, I believe that coin.mx still has quality security and that the systems in place are effective in protecting their members. coin.mx might need to review a few things and change them in the future, however, the exchange has security systems that will protect active users. The reddit thread inflated the issue as users were not aware that accounts with coin.mx could not be closed as the one in chat was if they were active.
@_date: 2014-05-31 08:26:40
It was very unprofessional and is being handled. All of our support agents are actually members.
@_date: 2014-05-31 09:54:29
what happened?
@_date: 2015-07-21 19:46:05
Hi there! 
We registered some problems with how our domain name is resolved and accessible by our users. We are working closely with our domain's hosting to resolve the problem. Sorry for inconvenience and stay tuned: we will post any further update as soon as it appears.
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:52:44
Hi there! 
We registered some problems with how our domain name is resolved and accessible by our users. We are working closely with our domain's hosting to resolve the problem. Sorry for inconvenience and stay tuned: we will post any further update as soon as it appears. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 04:22:48
 As an incentive, we did ask our members to post on social media to tell about their experience with using our services, we realized paying for positive reviews was a mistake and have ended this promotion.
