@_author: coinshost
@_date: 2018-05-04 19:50:34
Check out this [Bitcoin-accepting VPS provider]( in Switzerland (pure SSD, 10 Gpbs networking, DDoS protection)
@_date: 2014-04-22 11:16:56
The concept is brilliant, but this particular realization doesn't seem to be a secure one.
@_date: 2017-10-20 14:48:24
Hi hoslfeifsf,
really sorry to see you go this way, but I guess you've decided to turn this issue public so now we really have no choice but to shed some light on this case. Even though you are blackmailing our company, and I'm sure you are aware that blackmailing is considered an illicit activity in most countries, we still are committed to keep your privacy and stick to our strict policies and Swiss regulations.
So, here's the timeline:
On Oct, 12 you've order a virtual server from our company and paid with a major cryptocurrency that suddenly experiences a big spike that very same day. On Oct, 13th you decide that you really need your cryptomoney back, especially when it costs this more today, than it used to cost the day before. However, there's an issue you are aware of - our company's TOS clearly states that there are no refunds, unless we terminate a server on our own decision.
So, you need a workaround, but the server works perfectly fine, exactly as you'd expect to when buying from a Swiss company. This is the moment an idea pops up in your head. You open up a support ticket and claim that you have a network issue that renders the server completely useless to you. Exactly your words: "Coinshost seems to constantly monitor and block outgoing traffic after a short while".
Well, our engineers are are always there to help you, but your explanation of the issue seems to lack important details, actually it's very odd and explains nothing. So we request further details on the issue you claim to suffer from.
Sure enough it's much more difficult to make up a viable log than just state that you have a problem and need a refund, so your exact reply was: "Unfortunately I have no time to work with you on this." 
This answer didn't seem to us as a insight of the tech issue that you claimed to suffer from, so we had to remind you once again that a refund is issued if only there is a real issue or if we decide to terminate a server on our own.
A few days pass by and on Oct, 18th you come up with a better idea, why wouldn't I just threat this company to spoil their reputation if they don't pay me back. Exact your words: "I have submitted the first three 1-star reviews for your site. On bittrust.org, trustpilot.com and themerkle.com. I will ask my associate to post 20 more posts in forums and on review sites across the internet if you should continue to scam me." So, here you are now.
By the way, as we speak your server is still active and fully operational, you are welcome to get back to it at your convenience. And if there's still a chance, that the whole story wasn't just made up to blackmail a refund out of our company, you are also very much welcome to give us an insight on the issue that you've "experienced".
To all those unintentionally involved in this discussion, sorry to bother you guys. Legitimate issues never escalate this far, but in a blackmail situation like this we have to react properly. If we can be of any help with your projects, you know where to find us 
Yours Sincerely,
CoinsHOST team.