@_author: coinflipking
@_date: 2017-12-28 23:41:02
I think it's possible to look at it from a little different perspective. I've been thinking about this for some time now and would like users here to consider it and provide constructive feedback if you agree or disagree.
First, let's answer a couple questions:
1. Do cryptocurrencies offer users added value, or utility compared to fiat systems?
2. Do they offer added security and confidence in the system compared to fiat?
3. If/Once widely adopted, will they reduce friction in the economy, particularly for cross-border capital flows and transactions of all kinds?
4. If the answer to any of the above is "yes", will that translate into positive economic benefits?
Personally, I believe the answer to all 4 of these questions is "yes". And because of this ( particularly), I believe game theory is applicable here. Most countries are primarily concerned about their wealth because their wealth empowers their global influence. The West influences world events much more via trade (or economic sanctions on the negative end of the spectrum) than via military action. 
With this in mind, countries who snuff out the use of a technology that creates a positive economic benefit WILL create for themselves an comparative disadvantage economically with countries who allow the technology. An example would be to consider the economic implications of a nation banning the internet. Maybe that's extreme, but it paints the picture.
So, if the use of crypto tech provides an increase in economic benefit, then nations are incentivized to take advantage of it. This point is key, because it means there's a negative side effect to a ban (or over-regulation). In this case, to avoid economic repercussions, major nations, if not most nations would have to agree to collude and all implement the ban. However, game theory suggests that this agreement will fail. Why? Because once the agreement is made, each nation individually is incentivized to cheat because they can reap a disproportionate economic gain by doing so. This would lead to all nations "cheating" and the ban fails. 
In essence, if question 4 is a "yes", then it will be hard to regulate, not from a technical standpoint, but because the economic implications are such that nations implementing them will be inflicting economic harm upon themselves. 
Additionally, many nations (USA, EU, Japan, etc.) can vote in officials who will enact their will if the issue is center stage, so if cryptos can prove their value to a certain point, the people can make it a big enough issue to force the government's hand. How hard this would be to accomplish is a different post altogether though.
Lastly, the OP's concerns seem to be equally applicable to the Lightning Network are they not? Let me be clear that I'm not for or against LN explicitly, but the structure seems to favor centralization of hubs which will create the same scenario as large nodes for the purposes of OP's concerns. This would be particularly true IF FinCen ruled LN hubs to be money transmitters, which based on their definition, imho they would appear to be.
So centralization nodes or LN hubs would be a concern to me. How centralized is too centralized is the question. But, from the standpoint of government regs that essentially ban cryptos, I believe that would be difficult to accomplish. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 00:25:19
But what if Roger IS a sock puppet?