@_author: coinwarp
@_date: 2014-11-10 00:57:17
Even if there was such a thing as a black and white relationship MS/linux would certainly not be one.
Microsoft invested a bit in linux (not much, for their standards). They make buisness of course, and they certainly don't want to be left out on one of the most important IT entities.
But they also lost quite a bit of money due to the existance of linux, in fact the server market, which is still very profitable for MS, is dominated by linux, and they probably would rather kill linux than help it, but they don't have any means to do so.
Their approach has gone from derisive to hostile, to timidly cooperative. But linux is still one of their main rivals, they will certainly not encourage its adoption, and are in fact likely to do the opposite (the same way they won't encourage people to buy apple products, yet they do work with apple on many things).
@_date: 2015-09-28 17:08:51


repositories' packages are usually not too up to date. Debian sid is the most bleeding edge of the .deb crowd, but still how up to date stuff actually is depends on how each package's maintainer works. Security patches aside updated packages need at least a week without bug reports from sid to testing and in general other distributions pretty much fetch the packages from debian testing (Ubuntu does some work on ts own though).
If the updates are deemed not critical it may take a really long time before they enter the repository.
PPAs of course are another matter, but then you have to trust the PPA maintainer.
@_date: 2015-02-05 08:31:16
Uhm, you better ask a lawyer if you seek a proper answer, I admit, but f you read the "decreti legge" from the "Gazzetta ufficiale" in the first place most of them contain some laws that are completely off topic, which is not supposed to happen. Secondly when they are brought to constitutional court by a subject who can do that they get declared unconstitutional. So basically the DLs that are not declared inconstitutionals are only those not brought to court n the first place.
If you're asking about BTC, well that's a feeling, but I don't see anything cooking up before at least Germany and France get some proper regulations 
@_date: 2015-02-05 00:23:29
actually that's not too far off. In the last two decades there probably hasn't hasn't been a single legislative decree that didn't break italy's own constitution, so if any law passes it's because of "things".
You won't see legislation on btc any tme soon either, the guys in the parliament are still trying to figure out how to use facebook.
@_date: 2015-02-06 09:33:20
I didn't write that it blocked all. But how many did pass the constitutional court examination? Many laws (well, not all, but a stunning number) that are *not* blocked (nor bought to court) are indeed unconstitutional or at least doubtful.
I don't know if dribbling the constitutional court is an all-italian problem, but it's definitely a problem.
Then again you may object I wrote "most" and other stuff in the first comment, and that's blowing it out of proportion, well you'd be right.