@_author: coincoffer
@_date: 2013-07-14 03:24:56


Are you confident that the bluetooth protocol the trezor uses has no vulnerabilities that would allow an attacker to compromise the device wirelessly, such ad a buffer overrun?  How confident?
The only unhackable protocol is analog. 


Scan via Webcam/Mobile is a feature that we will have at launch.


This is  much cheaper than all current paper wallet printers, and pen+paper is longer lasting and human readable...however we agree that they are faster and more convenient for some use cases.
EDIT: I was incorrect.  The physical medium for the protocol is USB, not Bluetooth.
EDIT2: Forgot to address the QR code thing.
@_date: 2013-07-14 14:36:08


We absolutely agree with this sentiment.  Thank you for pointing it out, we will take more care to emphasize it.


Can you clarify how transparency can be improved?
@_date: 2013-07-14 14:41:46
Scanning with mobile via camera is a planned feature, although a barcode on the display, not with QR codes.
@_date: 2013-07-14 14:39:29


When thousands of dollars are on the line, there's no such thing as overkill. ;)


All electronic protocols can be intercepted or introduce vulnerabilities in the device itself.  If the device had this feature, and a vulnerability was discovered in the protocol that allowed a buffer overflow attack on the device itself, the device could be made to execute arbitrary code on itself, compromising the security of the device.
The only unhackable protocol is analog, or "pen+paper"
@_date: 2013-07-14 14:40:35
Thanks for the feedback!
@_date: 2013-07-14 14:52:36


Although it is small (3x4), its not a wallet.  It is a paper wallet generator.   You would not wish to carry it around.  It is similar to a piggy bank factory, except the piggy bank it creates is paper that can be kept in a safe or safety deposit box, kept on your person,  given as gifts, or buried under your favorite tree.  The device itself is not designed to store bitcoin as its primary function.


BIP32 is not relevant, as it is not a wallet.  Storing the hierarchy on paper would be exceedingly difficult.


This will be a feature upon release.


Export to SD card is a possible feature we researched, but it adds significant cost to the device.


Any electronic protocol that interfaces with the device exposes the device to being compromised to run arbitrary code.  This defeats the purpose.


Printers are exceedingly expensive.  If you are willing to pay for a device with a printer, I encourage you to pay $160 for a Piper, although the Piper has some other flaws as well...


Respectfully, I'd like to honestly play a game to test this. Want to play?  Here's how it works:
You describe how you would keep your keys safe, and I'll describe how a potential attacker could reach them.   If there is an attack vector, you have to change your method, and if there is no attack vector, you win.  
We'll iterate this way until either you win or we end up with a method functionally equivalent to CoinCoffer, in which case I win.
Care to play?
@_date: 2013-07-14 16:25:34


Good job on finding a highly secure method straight out of the box!  This is the method I used too before I decided to create CoinCoffer.
Security concerns I had:  How can I be certain the linux image I was using was uncompromised?  I had to download and install it myself as a binary from the internet...It would be better if I could compile it myself from secure source code offline: an attacker could inject a flawed RNG...  There are many reports of such backdoors floating around.
More than that, maybe an injection isn't even necessary.   When the average linux distro has hundreds of millions of lines of code, it is impossible to actually audit the system to check for flaws that are in the source code...even downloading the source and compiling the whole image myself would not protect against this attack.  In contrast, the entire operating system and code for CoinCoffer is 5000 LOC...it can be read and understood in about an hour.
Security Concerns aside: Practically speaking, Spare computers lying around are useful for other things, and I didn't often have one to spare that hadn't ever been online...I'd have to reformat every time!   Furthermore, it was difficult and slow to boot an OLD linux computer, and I'd have to attach a monitor and keyboard, and remember my passwords,  and install all the software myself.   It took a good hour to do.
CoinCoffer allows you to do the whole process required for this method in 60 seconds.
@_date: 2013-07-14 03:13:58
All questions are optional and the survey is anonymous.
@_date: 2013-07-14 05:53:13
Thank you.   If you have more detailed critique of how it could be improved, then we would be pleased to hear it.
@_date: 2013-07-14 05:09:55
We were mistaken about the method of communication based on the fact that initial iterations of the device mentioned possible android/iphone support, which is not possible over USB host and implies bluetooth.  
Although you are correct that we were mistaken, the physical transport of the communication protocol is irrelevant to the fundamental argument about the inherent risks of trusting electronic communication protocols.
Coin coffer does not ever connect to a host device, nor is it ever directly connected to an online device.  It is not a wallet, it is not designed for long-term storage/retrieval of keys on the device itself.   
It maintains air-gapped %100 analog safety during the generation of bitcoin keypairs.
@_date: 2013-07-14 05:26:01


Private keys are just random numbers.  However, choosing random numbers ends up being surprisingly difficult.  Many common ways of doing it end up having hidden patterns that can be used to brute-force private keys faster.  
Therefore, for security, CoinCoffer contains two kinds of physically-based measurements that are unpredictable and contain no known patterns.  These sources are atmospheric noise (radiation due to distant thunder from an antenna) and quantum "shot" noise (from electrons randomly tunnelling through a diode).


It also calculates the public key and address from the associated private key, which is a complicated computational procedure.  That is something a piece of paper CANNOT do.  This allows you to actually send bitcoin to the private key on your paper for later retrieval.  Without the public address, a private key on paper is useless.
Thank you for your feedback.
@_date: 2013-07-14 14:33:34
Thanks for the feedback, but its not quite an offline hardware bitcoin wallet.  It does not store the keys as its primary function, and cannot sign transactions.  
It is more accurately called an offline paper wallet generator.
@_date: 2013-07-14 05:39:02
We intend to make the software fully auditable and open-source.  We will post instructions on our website that will allow the user to overwrite the firmware on the device with new software, and inspect all hardware and software components.
However, we strongly advise against the user doing this, because the device must be connected to a computer directly in order to update the firmware, and this exposes the device to an attack if the host computer is compromised and an attacker secretly uses the connection to upload compromised firmware to the device.  This is a severe and undetectable risk to the user.  We will make it possible to do despite the risks, however.


This is one reason for the use of hardware true random number generators from noise sources.
@_date: 2013-07-14 15:16:20


It's not an assault.  It's pointing out the differences between the products in the sense of why someone might not trust electronic communication.   I want to buy a trezor.  I think they make a great product.  It just has a different use-case than CoinCoffer.
