@_author: coiv
@_date: 2013-12-28 22:29:28
The state of bitcoin marketplaces is pretty bad right now. If bitcoin claims to be the currency of the internet then these marketplaces should grow to become bigger than eBay. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 03:55:38
I don't think the actual invention is what causes the paradigm shift. It's the fact that it doesn't "make sense" to use the old product vs the new one.
In the book innovators dillema doesn't only talk about tech companies, it also talks about car companies. The author shows that GM dominated the car industry, then the japanese create new more efficient ways to create, reliable cars. Then companies like Toyota, Nissan, Mazda..ect start to eat away at GM and Ford. Then it shows the current car market which is korean car companies like Hyundai, eating away at Toyota and GM. You may ask why doesn't Toyota doesn't put up a better fight against lower end car companies. Well the book argues that it is more profitable for Toyota to sell and focus on high end cars.
This could be true for PayPal and bitcoin. I might be wrong on this. But Bitcoin wallet/transaction processing may be too small for paypal to focus on right now. They may get in to it when it becomes the same size as the credit card processing industry but by that time, it may be too late to get into bitcoin. Because the bitcoin startups may be already dominating the area.
@_date: 2013-12-29 02:12:46
Maybe they will, maybe they wont. eBay could be placed at a classic innovators dilemma position with bitcoin. Look at Microsoft, their lead position desktop world, screwed up their chance at dominating mobile. They had Windows Mobile way before Apple had iOS or Android even existed. But they never really tried to do mobile until long after Android and Apple had locked in many people already.
Xerox had a bigger role in inventing the PC than Apple or MSFT did. But they squandered their position by giving away all of their innovation away. Why? because they were making a ton of money with photocopiers.
Tech history is filled with companies being in perfect position to dominate a new industry but instead they fail to jump ship, some examples include Nokia (phones&gt;smartphones), Kodak(films/camera&gt;digital+phones), Yahoo (portals&gt;search) ...
[innovators dilemma](
@_date: 2013-12-30 13:51:34
Why does their site look like a scam site?
Complete with the fake ebook. Get quick rich scheme headline. "Certification in bitcoin trading" 
and it has a terrible name.
@_date: 2013-12-28 22:52:54
I think there are 2 ways to this.
1) Just facilitate transactions. No Escrow and be clear on this point.
eBay in the 90's, didn't get in to escrowing the transactions mostly because they couldn't and honestly they still can't do it well. You always hear stories of their escrow team siding with the wrong side. Your site should be clear on this: "All disputes should be handled by buyer and seller". Like craigslist, they have no escrow and don't claim to have escrow.
2) Lock people in your site.
You lock-in people's bitcoin for a 1, week,month after the transaction. Think of it as a chargeback period. Or how stores offer "1 week return 
I think the correct way to go is, first you build your site and just do transactions, then you build the chargeback system in your site.
To the people that say "bitcoin is suppose to be irreversible", my answer is whats is your point. Bitcoin is like cash, its irreversible. But companies built chargeback systems on top of cash so buyers can feel more secure when purchasing goods.