@_author: coldcoffeereddit
@_date: 2014-04-11 19:13:31
i haven't donated yet, but political organizations are required to report everything they get, and the names of contributors over $200. I would posit that if someone were to just send them some coins without going through the proper steps, that they would likely return the funds, or report it to the proper "authorities" who would then likely have to take custody of the funds.
@_date: 2014-06-04 19:59:42
My formal and informal education is information security,  I have forgotten more about Linux then your average Linux enthusiast knows, and I could build my own hardware wallet from spare parts in my basement, and design my own software interface for it.
I use Coinbase as my primary storage. You will be in good company.
BitCoin needs to be simple for the average user to invest the effort into using it; Companies like Coinbase are making it super easy, they *need* to succeed for the benefit of all of BitCoin kind. They need our love to continue to be profitable so they can grow and expand.
I could easily buy and sell on an exchange and eek out the best price for my dollar, but i choose to buy from Coinbase and pay the fee to support them and everything they are doing to help change the world one new bitcoin accepting business at a time.
Could they get hacked? Certainly. I know better then anyone that no system is ever totally secure. However, based on their company profile, my excellent experience with their customer service in the past (In the early days I ran into an error with my transaction log. It was off by 1 BTC, they corrected it promptly), and their continuing effort to make it stupid simple for businesses to accept bitcoin and mitigate market risk. I would rather risk losing my coins with them, then risk losing my coins with a misplaced paper wallet, a corrupted USB, or an NSA/virus infested windows box.
That said, I do have a paper wallet stored in a safety deposit box, and more coins stored elsewhere.
Distributed risk is the reasonable approach. My point is, don't feel like you are somehow taking a larger then normal risk by storing coins with Coinbase.
@_date: 2014-05-29 14:20:14
something to consider though, is that this is a subscription based service, for every 75 mBTC someone pays them in a month for a subscription in bitcoin, that person will have to buy another 75 mBTC to replace it, the same 75 mBTC that coinbase will then be offering for sale as Dish cashes out.
This will not necessarily drive a supply vs. demand situation other then people who will now want to jump on board and start buying bitcoins to pay them with. Other actors entering the market now will drive the price up a bit certainly. But the major take away from this type of announcement is transaction volume increase. That is what is going to go up, hopefully.
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:26:12
I personally don't like these ideas. I don't feel that Bitcoin should be trying to shoe horn itself into a deprecated technology (the card+recipit+3rd party risk idea) just to appease the masses who fear change. We should be innovating new technologies that work more efficiently... I just wish i was smart enough to figure out the next big thing.
@_date: 2014-02-18 02:02:38
I happen to live in a town where i have paid for drinks at a bar with bitcoin! "Bad Genie", Milwaukee, WI
they would've held a credit card if i had wanted to open a tab, but I just paid for each drink with a new transaction. once the server knows what they are doing with the tablet the process to pay with Bitcoin is faster then cash or credit imho.
Were I a bar owner I would probably let people open a tab with an ID. That seems reasonable to me. At least then I, as a bar owner, have something to give the police if they stiff me.
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:03:06
2FA is likely going to be absolutely necessary here, I get the impression they are just facilitating the transaction process, they are not actually holding your coins or providing any insurance. Ergo, they are not responsible for your coins and if someone steals your card do you really want they only thing stopping them from looting all your coins with no recourse to be a 4 digit pin?
Your debit card, despite drawing straight from your checking account, still has theft protections in place to absolve you of unauthorized use (unless you have a really shitty bank). Bitcoin does not and cannot, by its nature, have such protections without a 3rd party assuming risk.
edit: after some more research, I think I stand corrected, it looks like they are assuming risk here and holding your coins and now my opinion has changed from "Awesome!" to "Aww.. that could've been cool if it was open" 
@_date: 2014-02-18 01:49:49
the idea is that it is a self balancing system, as more people use bitcoins more x-action fees will be processed, but the system in its current state is limited to 7 x-actions a second, so to get your x-action processed you will have to offer incentive to the miners. Considering Amazon does 300 a second, and Visa does 10,000 a second, in order to handle the capacity as a world reserve currency the protocol will either need to be modified... or more likely either new technologies will emerge to solve the problem or people will use other more light weight higher capacity alt-coins.
that shouldn't discourage anyone from using or buying bitcoins, btw. Even if a solution to the 7 transaction a second "problem" is not found, bitcoins will likely always act as the top tier crypto currency just because they were "first" and it will have the most robust network for proof-of-work minig.
@_date: 2014-06-04 21:34:30


TL;DR reply:




I don't see where i'm being contradictory. I am advocating that coinbase is safe, and adding that distributed storage helps mitigate risk.
OP's primary point was that many feel that trusting Coinbase is foolish but that the other methods for storage those same individuals provide are not feasible for the average consumer. I disagree that trusting Coinbase is foolish and agree that simple and easy while being reasonably secure has value to the community as it helps bring more people on board.
I have yet to see any solid evidence that Coinbase is anything but trustworthy and secure. My personal, nearly 2 year, experience being my primary evidence for my position.
@_date: 2014-02-17 22:45:40
I constantly chuckle at the deflationary=bad crowd. We haven't lived in a deflationary model for well over 100 years and that's only if you consider gold deflationary. The world is a vastly different place then it was 100 years ago and I don't think in this day and age, with a decentralized economy, that deflation would be a bad thing, in fact, I think it would be a good thing.
My reasoning from the standpoint of a well-off american is that:
1. Many many of the citizens of america live paycheck to paycheck, if they can put away a few dollars for a rainy day or a new TV, or a more awesome set of rims for their car they think they are doing well. A deflationary currency would help these people immensely as it would encourage less frivolous spending, and reward them for saving. This would, in turn, lead them to better afford their children, and hopefully their children's educations, which would lead to a rise in the overall intelligence level of this country over a long enough timeline. A smarter America leads to smarter politicians being elected and less people I don't know getting drone striked on the other side of the planet which makes me feel bad when I see it on Reddit. I don't like feeling bad.
2. Deflation hurts lenders. Bankers will need to find a new way to make money in a deflationary model. This is the primary argument against BitCoin as a global reserve currency as it specifically arrests the idea of frivolous lending, and our entire global economy runs on cheap money. Frankly, I only see a problem with a deflationary model if you are a banker. People will still need to buy food, they will still need to buy clothes, they will still want to buy the latest thing that the current celebrity is gossiping about. Retail will not be affected. The key difference with deflation is that it discourages lending, which the Keynesians view as essential to a functioning economy, that's how banks make money and we can't have an economy without banks running the show, right? Well I disagree. We certainly can't have a central bank running the show *and* deflation. That would not work. But if we get rid of the *need* for a central bank, I believe deflation in a decentralized economy can absolutely work. It will just not be a good time to be a bank.
I believe the argument for inflation/deflation ultimately boils down to whether or not you believe a central bank and government issued currency is the best system for wealth allocation for the human race. I posit that based on said human races history, it is not. Our current system, inflation, allocates the wealth of nations to the "1%", a deflationary system, I believe, would allocate the wealth to the "99%". I suspect this would be preferable for the human race overall, and that is why I BitCoin. I believe BitCoin will herald the change I want to see for the world.
@_date: 2014-02-06 20:39:37
that's not quite the best anology, Apple isn't limiting you with who you can call or SMS from their phone, just as Sony doesn't limit you which channels you can flip too. Sony does limit what apps you can install on their tv and which apps they support just as apple does. for a consistent user experience.
i'm an android person myself, and fuck apple, everyone should stop using their shitty phones and shitty OS imho...  just wanted to help make your analogy more accurate.
@_date: 2014-02-18 01:25:27
no one can accurately predict what would/will happen in a deflationary economy, but I hope it will be a grand experiment that turns out well.
to clarify a few points to my rambling above, I don't think lending will stop. people will still need to buy or rent housing, buildings of all shapes and sizes will still need to be built, new cars will still need to be financed (maybe not as often). but what would not occur in a deflationary system is the type of asinine, imho, lending we have now where all across the country entire subdivisions are being built with no buyers, they sit empty waiting for the system to catch up because it was cheap money and if the developer doesn't fill those houses he just files bankruptcy, the banks don't *really* care because the money was free to them from the fed, and there was hardly any risk, accept when you go up the ladder high enough, and then the tax payers end up footing the bill when mega lenders start posting toxic assets.
this scenario can't happen in deflationary BitCoin economy. at least it wouldn't happen in the same way. Without having the Fed to call in and resupply money, without having that safety net of "too big to fail", loans would stop being "OPM" (other peoples money) and the entire system would operate similar to credit unions now. real people, investing/storing their money so that it can be loaned out for a real return.
Bitcoin of course, relieves us of the functional requirement of banks to facilitate physical currency circulation. the only reason for me to deposit my bitcoins into a bank or credit union then, is to see a return on my investment that would be larger then holding onto them, banks/credit unions would essentially need to become local community oriented versions of kick starter accept you invest in the bank/credit union as a company that specializes in good lending practices to see a return on your investment. To get me to deposit, I would need to be reassured that the lender is choosing good borrowers that will make good on their repayment.
and without the lender of last resort (the fed), the concept of anyone making bad loans disappears overnight, no one is going to give out loans without well researched proof the borrower is worth their bitcoins when real people are going to be really angry if you cook the books and not only does your business go up, but you face going to jail, for real.
Without all this toxic financial waste we see in the system right now, i think everything will be better off. For example, I think companies would start producing quality goods again, goods that aren't designed to fail after a year so you have to buy a new one, this motivation would come from consumers needing more incentive to part with their coins.
I believe there would be a snowball effect of good things that would happen in a deflationary economy. Good/responsible decisions would lead to more good decisions, instead of what we have now where bad decisions lead to more bad decisions.
As you say, no one knows for sure. I've just played out enough scenarios in my head that I don't see anything bad for the normal person. Only the financial elite will be negatively affected. Color me cynical but they can go fly a kite.
@_date: 2015-01-07 18:29:10
ITT: idealistic ignorant kids complaining about a company that is continuing to make strides to move bitcoin more mainstream.
this is standard operating proceedure for a financial institution, the only thing that surprises me was that this wasn't already part of the original agreement.
Bitcoins foundation is uncorruptable, it is impossible to forge or counterfeit, and we can see every transaction ever. The Rothchild banking cartel is not going to squash Bitcoin, that is impossible by its very nature.
Coinbase making it easy for "normal" people to interact with and use bitcoins is not a threat to privacy. Part of making it easy for normal people to interact with bitcoins is making it easy to buy and sell. being able to unlock my phone and buy some coins in less then a minute is a necessary feature if you ever want a BTC to grow beyond the walls of the echo chamber of the crypto nerds.
you and I know how to use a real exchange, you and I know how to keep good secure offline wallets, but my dad can barely use a fucking computer. *He* is the person that is important in this game, not you. Him and the rest of the non-techies, from the pretty teenage girls that spend all their time on instagram and facebook, to the single urban moms on food stamps, to the blue collar fork lift driver who drives a huge truck to work and spends all day thinking about NASCAR races and bud light. Non-tech savvy people being able to conveniently use our sophisticated cryptographically secure currency is the go big or go home event. Without their support, we will forever be circle-jerking ourselves into a niche corner of making donations to the edward snowdens of the world, buying graphics cards from wholesale computer parts websites, and supporting that guy who makes hot sauces.
They are never going to use an exchange or want to meet some "shady guy" that sells bitcoins in person, they are never going to understand how to properly store an offline wallet, they are never going to care about how it works or why it works. But they are the ones that we need to sell this to. They are the type of people that want a trusted name in the business to take care of the techie mumbo jumbo for them. They don't care that they don't have access to their private key, what they care about is the switching cost. If the service that bitcoin provides is not better then the method they are already using by a significant factor, then it won't be worth it to them. Bringing the switching cost down to near 0 is the goal. When it's more convienant and more easy to use bitcoin in their daily lives then it is to use a CC or debit card, that is when the real things start happening.
Diversified portfolio people, you should have a coinbase account to support the cause of bitcoin, so that coinbase and businesses like coinbase who have always done the right thing continue to gain an excellent reputation as a good business. So that the non-techie people will have somewhere to go when the ship finally sets sail.
canceling your coinbase account just because they are going to take a peak at your credit report is irresponsible if you want bitcoin to be mainstream.
man... i did not intend for this to be this big of a rant. sorry.
@_date: 2015-01-05 04:56:25
+1 my friend.
it does not matter what anyone else thinks. There will always been those of us willing to run miners, and those of us willing to exchange our coins for goods and services, legal or not.
thus bitcoin will never "fail", it may stumble, it may fall, but it will never die.
The state and it's ally's will continue to slander it and tell us we are wasting our time.
I will just sit here grinning, because we have already won. The seed was planted, the cat is out of the bag, whatever phrase you want to use... Keynesian's will slowly be shown for the assholes that they are, having ruined the earth, and they will not go quietly into the night.
but they will go. eventually
@_date: 2015-02-19 17:19:56
For a second i thought I had mis-clicked and gone to @_date: 2013-03-21 22:28:29


"Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity."
I certainly can't source their desires and motives so I will acknowledge that your explanation is a more logical possibility. Perhaps I just prefer the idea of their actions being malicious rather then ignorant. Either way that's further proof to me that the power to regulate the currency is better off not allocated to a central authority, but rather the market itself; that of supply and demand. BitCoin allows this freely with all the risk and reward that comes with it, the fed tries to control it.
I will remain in firm belief that central banks are a detriment to society and so i will continue to advocate BitCoins. My primary reason being that bitcoins disallow inflation due to an increase in money supply on an absolute level; there is no option to increase the money supply past 2140, period. It also forces responsibility in the market via absolute risk/reward. If you fail, you fail, we can't print money to bail you out. Perhaps if enough people feel you are worth it, and believe you could recover and turn a profit again, you could borrow money, but I would predict those would be few and far between.
I would prefer to see and live through a time of economic choas as banks and businesses fail that only existed because of cheap borrowed money, and come out on the other side with a solid economy consisting of those that survived. Using a currency that everyone can trust, trust not based on the word of a government, but the strength and universal truths of math and cryptography.
This argument has been enlightening none the less, thank you for not resorting to strawmen or name calling. Despite my disagreement with your argument for central banking, I still value it for its information.
@_date: 2013-03-21 15:07:02
Degree: Information Security
Employment: Microsoft SCCM Administrator
Hobby: Bitcoin mining, gaming, arduino/raspberryPi/robotics/automation
@_date: 2013-04-08 15:43:07
w00t! thats exactly what i was hoping for. thanks for sharing!
+tip $0.10
@_date: 2013-10-24 19:44:21
oohh ok.. i can see that.
@_date: 2013-04-12 14:50:25
the aliens on sesame street were my favorite, thank you for this.
+tip $0.10 verify
@_date: 2013-03-21 17:10:18
i would argue that you are correct that deflation is bad when describing the current economic model of central banking and the use of debt and inflation to drive the economy.
but we aren't talking about central banking, where they can print money at will and price fix to their hearts content.
bitcoin is exactly opposite in almost all ways from central banking practice, and congruently, just as central banking favors a small amount of inflation, de-centralized banking favors a small amount of deflation.
given the choice between the two i favor bitcoin because i trust math and cryptography with my wealth more then old rich white men in smoking jackets sipping brandy and laughing at how much money they are making on the interest from lending.
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:11:57
if they did that customers would flee; and that would be terrible for their business.
They will make WAY more money on the transaction fees of customers who trust them and enjoy their service long into the future, rather then to "renege" on transactions and cut and run. I buy from coinbase regularly and some times it takes awhile (sometimes several days) for the coin to verify and complete, but the quoted price at the time you agree to buy is always the price that I have paid. I assume they are just being slammed with activity and being relatively new they are likely doing the best they can with the equipment they've got.
@_date: 2013-05-13 15:50:41
yeah, I thought "Vires in Numeris" was our unofficial official unofficial motto.
@_date: 2013-10-24 19:37:21
where do you live where bud light isn't 50 cents a can? For $3.64 i would expect a really nice craft beer here in WI.
@_date: 2013-12-26 17:08:37
well in theory no one entity controls the pool, you get the benefits of a mining pool (shared payouts) without having to trust the guy running it to be a stand up gentlemen.
the 51% problem is only a problem when a single entity can and does conspire to perform nefarious acts like double spending.
@_date: 2013-03-21 16:26:39
omg, how do i get one of those!
@_date: 2013-05-14 18:26:09
my educational background is in information security.
My main wallet that gets dumps from the mining pool is secured fairly well with the usual. some on a secure linux machine some in cold storage.
but my walking around money is ~5 BTC on my nexus 4, security is just "don't download any apps until i research it for security" and "hope bitcoin paranoid and bitcoinium don't try to steal my coins" :D
@_date: 2013-05-01 21:59:12
I suppose that makes sense.
@_date: 2013-04-25 14:26:34
especially since you have to at least be someone intelligent in order to use a computer and know and understand bitcoin (at least enough to know its worth something and how to exchange it)
i can understand the nigerian people who have nothing and hate us, i can understand the guy on the street selling a really nice Stereo box filled with a brick, i can even understand the guy posing as a homeless man at the intersection earning more per hour on the generosity of people than actually working. (i don't agree with it, but i understand it.)
but scamming people who are trying to make a real difference in the world, and bitcoin does have the real potential to change the world for the better.
that's a sick attitude to me.
@_date: 2013-03-29 11:08:10
This is a brilliant explanation of Diffie-Hellman, but it should be noted that this is most often used to establish secure connections over the web, not bitcoin. Bitcoin uses public-private key pairing which are a slightly different animal.
@_date: 2013-05-10 20:29:12
when you setup a mining rig you will want to connect to a mining pool, details of the operations of the various pools change from pool to pool, but generally speaking you will get credit for any work you perform for a given amount of time and the coins will be stored on the pools server until you choose to transfer them to another wallet.
the BitMinter pool for example allows you to set a target number of coins collected by mining, before transfering to a wallet you have entered. when the target number of coins is reached it automatically sends those coins to your chosen wallet.
ninja edit: aside from a paper wallet, one of the more secure places to store your bitcoins and still have easy access is on a local linux box running bitcoin-qt. Linux because **security**. also, backup your wallet files to an offline media regularly.
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:02:39
My world view includes the fact that the USA become the super power that is today, that i would argue, because we were using gold as our currency ([a deflationary currency similar in many aspects to bitcoin]( It wasn't until after 1913 that we started down this economic roller coaster of fiat currency, which has continuously stripped wealth from people through printing inflation since they removed the ability to exchange dollars for gold in 1933 and the gold standard entirely removed in 1971.
The only thing holding up the US dollar right now as i see it is the [petrodollar]( that and the [threat of the US democratizing your country if you don't do what we say.](
You do what you like, i'm betting on bitcoin though.
-In cryptography we trust-
@_date: 2013-03-21 21:15:10
perhaps something we both agree on, I also believe we don't have a properly functioning, perfectly competitive, market. However, I blame the Federal Reserve, and those in Congress that allow it to persist, for that.
I do not protest that fiat currency itself retards economic growth, rather that central banking does, I think the arguement could be made that bitcoin is also a fiat currency, but instead of being regulated by a government or a legislation, it is regulated by the laws built into the bitcoin system itself. "thou shalt not double spend" for example.
The great depression occurred due to a massive bank run sparked by the failed practice of margin trading, which was made popular due to the new powers of fractional reserve banking that the new currency at that time allowed for. It was not a product of the gold standard, it was a problem of the newly created federal reserve flexing its new powers over the gold standard. The Great Depression was then fueled (as your empirical evidence should dictate if its accurate) by the Federal Reserve decreasing the money supply (when it really should have been increasing it) in what should have been obviously seen (and was spoken out against by some senators at the time) as intentional. The purposes of it being that the Banks that made up the Federal Reserve then could buy up other banks and business for pennies on the dollar. As far as i'm concerned it was the single greatest robbery in the history of mankind.
I would like to see a graph of the troughs and peaks of the 1800's vs the 1900's, i wish i could find one right now because i recall seeing one that outlined how they weren't as bad as people like you make them out to be compared to the current system that is "smooth" certainly for most of the time but then creates massive depressions and recessions every once and awhile.
@_date: 2013-12-02 16:52:53
I'm hoping this will prove to be an educational event on why bitcoin isn't the best digital currency to use when making shady dealings on the internet.
1. there will be a lot of angry people with a lot of resources looking for him. as people seem to be slowly learning, bitcoin is not the anonymous safe haven thieves may believe it to be. every time he moves coins thats a new point of information to be investigated. I certainly wouldn't want to buy any of the coins from his wallet right now :)
2. his life will be reasonably safe as long as he doesn't give up his private key(s). if "they" are as smart as i hope they are, they will understand that assassination will mean those coins will be "lost" until the Quantum Leap. So they would need to torture it out of him, or otherwise obtain the private keys first. which of course is both a win and a loss. win that he doesn't have to worry about snipers, loss that he has to be mindful of home intrusions and kidnapping.
I do not foresee this leading to any effect on the market, as soon as he try's to cash out he is going to start running into major problems. I think his best bet would to be to hang on to the coins, lay low, and work on different methods of subterfuge to slowly pull out money to live on over the long haul.
Actually, the best bet would be to give it back and apologize for being a douche... but thats obviously not going to happen.
@_date: 2013-12-26 16:52:30
internet five bro  \o
@_date: 2013-05-13 18:49:22
the double entendre of it always brings a smile to my face knowing that many can bring about a change vs. the few (and powerful [corrupt])
@_date: 2013-04-18 15:19:18
take a look at the CampBX exchange. If you verify your account with them you can use the CapitalOne 360 P2P system to make deposits.
i have a feeling a lot of the bitfloor users like myself who liked the 360P2P are going to move to CampBX
@_date: 2013-04-08 15:24:33
you aren't alone, i also bought one back in late feb for the same reason, if it turns out they cut and run i'm only out ~150, if not, should pay for itself pretty fast even being a small hash rate (compared to the other miners).
@_date: 2013-03-29 17:55:47
I'm really starting to think that this whole central banking ponzi scheme is coming to a head, that the bankers and government know it, and that its now a game of "how much can we get away with before the people lose complete faith in us"
i'm seriously happy i found bitcoin when i did.
@_date: 2013-05-01 21:48:22
I was about to bitch about having to confirm, but the more I think about it from a business standpoint I can understand their position. A lot of things changed from the time we pre-ordered to now and I can see where they would want to give people the option to cancel since what they ordered is not what they are getting, technically speaking.
That said, it should've been an opt-out not an opt-in.
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:19:07


You say that like its a good thing, and this is where we differ in opinions as I don't think it is.
Trust and stability of anything, be it a business, industry, or currency, needs to be earned, not imposed. If a bank fails because it made shitty decisions, it should fail. period. Survival of the fittest. Having the ability to "respond to monetary issues" has lead to all of our economic world problems as I see it. Certainly your empirical records will show how certain problems were solved by the principals of central banking, but giving that much power over the currency to a central provider has its own risks. We are seeing many of those risks coming out and occurring right now in the world. The bubble/bust cycle of artificially low interest rates, the outpacing of inflation vs. work compensation, the fact that the entire euro zone is in turmoil right now because of outrageous debt, and so on...
The power wielded by the Federal Reserve right now is almost incomprehensible. Again, to me that's far more dangerous then an occasional bump in an economy that is constantly self-correcting and subject to dips and spikes when big players make big plays.
central banking offers the opportunity for too many people in high places to be reckless and cause real consequences to those of us on the bottom of the totem pole. BitCoin fixes that by removing them from the equation almost entirely, or at the very least rendering them irrelevant. It has its own set of problems certainly, but I much prefer the problems of bitcoin over the problems of central banking.
I also don't think the world moved away from the gold standard for good reason, i think it moved away because central issuing authorities and governments wanted more power, and i don't see that as a good thing. I would argue that all of the world's governments and countries came to their various states of power using gold, which has been as far as i'm concerned the standard of the world up until 42 years ago. I would attribute other countries of the world not developing as fast and furious as the USA did to religion and government placing artificial blocks in the way of progress and controlling the money being a primary function of that process. Something the USA did not have during its growth from 1776 to 1913.
I also don't think its a coincidence that 40 years after the world went off the gold standard (arguable since the US was being used as the world reserve currency), we are seeing massive, global, economic instability.
@_date: 2013-04-17 17:02:48
@_date: 2013-04-24 17:29:40
yeah, if you could host that on your own site with a bitcoin tip jar at the bottom instead of facebook or forums; that'd be great...
+tip 1 mBTC verify
@_date: 2013-03-21 20:31:08
you are not alone, this has been the most frustrating part for me as well. I like their model of business and interface vs. Mt. Gox. but i want to buy some coins damnit.
@_date: 2013-03-21 17:27:28
this is full of win. thank you.
@_date: 2013-03-29 14:29:45
no need to get defensive dude,
the purpose of my comment was to inform someone new to bitcoin about what relevance this has to bitcoin so they would not get confused. This was posted to the bitcoin subreddit after all, and while congruent to the encryption technology that bitcoin does use, its not specifically used by bitcoin. I was merely attempting to provide alleviation to any confused newbies wonder how bitcoin used Diffie-Hellman, which would be a reasonable assumption for someone visiting this sub-reddit for the first time, seeing this post, and curious about how bitcoin works.
@_date: 2013-04-16 20:14:13
I didn't even think about this awesome aspect till you pointed it out.
+tip $0.10 verify