@_author: coldminenet
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:23:26
I'm in contact with these people right this moment trying to figure it out. So far very little about this company adds up. I'm going to try and help them understand how to prove they are real. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 06:31:24
I'm planning a business for people to run their miners in an industrial facility with green power and natural cooling. People can send us their own miners for hosting or buy the hardware directly from us. There's a company that offers this in the US right now called [CloudSigma]( and I have a breakdown of the whole colocation market [on my site here](
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:41:10
Here is the lookup their corporation based on the GST number they sent me: 
It does not line up with the domain registration, which is hidden, or the addresses on their site.
Also, they do not accept credit cards, eliminating another point of accountability.
Just bitcoin and int'l money transfer.
The guy I chatted with was very slick, proceed with caution.
@_date: 2017-12-04 05:04:44
I consider myself an environmentally conscious person and I intend to mine bitcoin in BC. This is my reasoning:
There's a gold mine north of here that's about 30 kilometers long. It's a scar on the earth, abandoned once it wasn't profitable, leeching chemicals into the surrounding lakes. The entire province is filled with stories like this.
Mining bitcoin uses hydroelectric power and produces electronics waste for which we have excellent recycling facilities in BC. It's a big step forward in terms of ecological responsibility for local industry.
The only electric utility in the region, BC Hydro provides 95% green energy to all of their customers. BC Hydro is $20 billion in debt, largely because they have to sell the excess energy they produce on the open market at rates cheaper than their subscribers would pay. 
If we mine bitcoin in BC we will help this utility to dig itself out of the hole, providing jobs and paying taxes as we do it. The taxes we pay contribute directly to health care, welfare,  education and immigration programs in BC and accross Canada. 
The potential profits are substantial enough that I plan to contribute to local charities for environmental and humanitarian causes. I believe in a basic income for Canadians and to pay for that we're going to need tax dollars. That's what this is, just a great 21st century industry.
