@_author: cole_33
@_date: 2017-12-28 15:54:06
Yes, just like someone who doesn't have to worry about living pay check to pay check would earn their wealth if they invented something innovative. How would you explain innovators who came from wealth? Where is their incentive to do better if they already have everything they could want? I live a comfortable middle class life so by your assessment I have no reason to better myself but I still do. I think you are basing your argument on your belief that human nature is inherently lazy and that if we can sit on our asses all day we will and while I'd agree there are people who would do that I disagree that most people are like that. 
I don't even know if I agree with UBI but the argument that the majority of people will just sit on their asses all day if they are given a helping hand is utter bullshit and has been proven to be false so many times I'm amazed people still believe it. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 00:57:30
Alright well clearly you're a complete idiot if you think that scientific literature is less valuable that what you personally see and experience. 
And even if it wasn't iv'e experienced the opposite of you so how do you explain that? Who's experience is more valuable?  
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:07:00
One of the things that makes humans human is that most societies care for those who might be worse off. We care for our sick and downtrodden because we have empathy. It is one of the things that makes us human and separates us from most animals. Are you seriously advocating we abandon one of our key characteristics? Part of our humanity? For what? Will you not care for your loved ones when they grow old and frail? If you honestly cant see why people would want to care for one another and help their fellow man then its pretty likely you are seriously lacking in empathy and might want to get that checked out because, not to sound like an armchair physiologist, you sound like a psychopath. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 16:48:58
Na I'm pretty bored of this now as its pretty clear you're a moron and don't understand simple concepts. At the end of the day you are too stupid, too entrenched in your own view and too immature for you to ever consider the possibility that you might be wrong and question your own way of thinking. Luckily, most of the world isn't run with your line of thinking hence why we don't elect people like Trump
@_date: 2017-12-30 00:59:40
Just because something is logical doesn't make it true. How do you explain approaching a problem with 2 different lines of logic? Are they both true?
@_date: 2017-12-28 16:37:40
I agree that many rich people don't innovate but like you said, its not a hard limit. Many rich people do nothing with their wealth and many push to do more because work has become an achievement in itself. How many poor people cant innovate because they are too busy working to stay alive? 
Talking from experience? So completely anecdotal evidence? You are making a judgement of human nature on your extremely small perception of the world. You may be right that humans can only be competitive and that everyone should have to stand on their own two feet, even if they have been chopped off metaphorically, but you are basing it only on your narrow view of the world and that therefore holds no weight. From what I've read from literature, humans have a wide array of behaviours and our environment brings those out. 
If I'm understanding you correctly; you would argue from your experience that competition, even to the point of causing human suffering, is the best for society in terms of innovation. I would argue from the literature I've read that a society that aids one another but also has *healthy* competition can be just as good, if not better, at innovation and that even if it wansn't the benefits of lessoning human suffering far outweigh your rabid need to climb the hill even if it means trampling over others to do so.
@_date: 2017-12-28 17:01:56
Ok so you didn't address anything in my comment but whatever.
Again, I agree. Too much empathy is stupid and lines do have to be drawn but I disagree that this is one of them. You seem to be shifting the conversation into a more general one about people being too empathetic and push overs which I think is a problem too but isn't what we are talking about. 
From everything I've read about people, giving them enough money to afford the basics of life is not going to make the majority of society lazy and stifle innovation. Yes, some people would be lazy twats and sit on their asses all day but not the majority. In fact, I'd argue that giving people enough so that they don't have to stress all the time and work their asses off each week to survive would increase innovation because these people would be free to explore areas of their interest that they weren't able to before. Yes, some dirt poor people can become successful innovators and make millions but I believe these are the outliers. I believe many more would be able to achieve great things in life if they didn't have to focus on living week to week. No, we cant help everyone in the world but we can at least focus on the ones in our nation. 
I have no idea if UBI is even feasible economically but I do know that you are arguing from a place of ignorance about the nature of people. People are capable of horrible things and beautiful things and we should shape our world so that it brings out the best in us but we mustn't be complacent  is being so kind as to allow others to walk all over us. This, I believe, would bring out the best in us but does not cross that line.  
@_date: 2017-12-28 17:15:50
You are just saying the same thing now without adding anything to back up your argument. 
Logic and truth are not the same thing. A logical argument can be disproven through research. 
People do not only innovate because they are poor. If that were true then the moment they weren't poor any more they would stop innovating and sit back for the rest of their lives. But they don't do that, do they? Know why? Because innovating is part of their character. Hence why even the extremely wealthy still innovate; its in their nature. They don't need the struggle of scraping the bottom to want to do it; they innovate because they find satisfaction in the act itself. You seem to think that the only way people would ever want to achieve great things is because they are at the bottom and don't want to be there any more and not that it is a part of them, a drive deep in their being. I'm not at the bottom by a long shot but I still feel this insatiable need in me to do something great. And you know what? I've got a damn good shot at achieving it because I don't have to worry about living paycheck to paycheck. That's what UBI could give us; all the innovators who are held back by poverty.
