@_author: cole_locomotive
@_date: 2017-12-08 07:19:34
congrats!! 
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:11:58
Also the governments could ban exchanges, cutting off public access to cryptocurrencies 
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:43:03
I enjoyed your TEDx talk, thanks for sharing! There’s a couple things I’m curious about, mainly why does bitcoin deserve the huge market cap that it currently has? As far as I know bitcoins value comes from 1) Use as a transaction medium. 2) Monetary transfers. 3) Micro transactions 4) Digital gold. 
A lot of your talk was based around bitcoin being used for micro transactions, but as of now bitcoin is impractical for transactions. High fees, slow transactions, and the daily transactions has barely risen this past year. And even with this small transaction volume, the networks at capacity. Even if the LN is implemented, there’s no guarantee that it’ll fix everything. There’s already coins such as IOTA that have zero transaction fees and instantaneous transactions. And why would people spend bitcoin when it’s deflationary and highly volatile. A reasonable amount of inflation is good, it drives the economy by encouraging people to spend money. While as you pointed out in your talk, bank transfers can be a pain, at least they have safety measures. If I miss spell my wallet address and send my bitcoin to the wrong address, I’m essentially fucked. It may seem easy for people who are familiar with bitcoin, but it needs to be idiot proof to be mass adopted and used in the public. 
So if bitcoins price isn’t explained by its use as a payment method, the best reason bitcoins price is at $17000 is due to the digital gold argument. It makes sense to hold bitcoin as a store of value in places of hyperinflation like Zimbabwe, but almost all of the people buying bitcoin are from places with a relatively stable economy such as the US or Japan. Also gold is typically bought due to its low volatility, whereas bitcoins has extremely high volatility. If I was retiring and wanted to store all my money into a store of value, I wouldn’t want to see it fluctuating by a massive amount per day. 
Don’t get me wrong I think cryptocurrencies are here to stay and I’m bullish on them, but I don’t see how bitcoin isn’t in a massive bubble right now. In your talk you compared bitcoin to the internet, which is a point I see being made a lot. I would compare cryptocurrencies as a whole to the internet, but to assume that just because bitcoin is the biggest name right now it will become mass adopted is pretty unrealistic. There’s plenty of examples of the first or largest name of something crashing. It seems like many are blindly buying bitcoin under the assumption that bitcoin will be worth more in the future. If we look at bitcoins intrinsic value, currently there is very little that even suggests that bitcoin should have a larger market cap than ethereum, IOTA, and even many other alt coins. 
If anyone has any points that I overlooked or has information on why I’m wrong I would love to hear it!  Maybe I’m not just seeing the big picture or something. 
