@_author: cole7rain
@_date: 2016-07-02 19:58:30
I like to think of Democracy as a process of creative destruction, it's a process of testing bad ideas one by one, until all the people who voted for them are extinct. The people who voted against the bad ideas, can shelter themselves from the consequences and live to see another day.
@_date: 2016-07-02 19:46:59


I don't see how bitcoin is really scarce, seeing as it's divisible to 8 decimal places, and further if need be. To me it seems the divisibility serves the same function as the fractional reserve banking system, it allows for the expansion and contraction of liquidity as the economy grows or shrinks.
@_date: 2016-07-02 19:34:01
My reflections on your use of the word anti-vaxxer wasn't really to start an offtopic argument, it was mainly to set up as context to help explain my views on the main discussion.
Also, if you're going to use a loaded term like anti-vaxxer, don't be surprised when people try to point out how loaded it is.
@_date: 2016-07-02 19:16:53
The debt is why a deflationary spiral doesn't seem that far fetched to me. It's simply not possible for the government to control interest rates over the long term, they only have guidance mechanisms over the short term. The problem now is they are using those short term guidance methods to an extreme degree, and it's like they've broken/jammed the rudder on a ship. There are forces beyond their control that are keeping them from "normalizing" (lol) interest rates. I worry what happens when those forces disappear or reverse direction.
Maybe it's like when start to you lose control of a car (2008?), and start trying to counter-steer to regain control... but instead of predicting that you will regain traction and turn the wheel straight ahead of time, you keep the wheel jammed in on direction and you end up overcompensating and crashing the car.
@_date: 2016-07-02 19:06:29
Quite frankly any time someone starts talking about the "greater good", I'm already sceptical.
Even the term "anti-vaxxer" is a result of group-think, as the term attempts to group a whole spectrum of views under one umbrella called "conspiracy theorists and/or ignorant people who don't understand the concept of herd immunity".
Many people can have many nuanced opinions about mandatory vaccination. Personally the idea that the government should simultaneously force people to pay for a public education system and also be able to restrict them from using it at the same time is pretty disgusting.
IMO the best way to achieve herd immunity is to allow society to build up a trust of the scientific community naturally. In fact I believe the more people people push for things like mandatory vaccination, the longer it will take to actually achieve herd immunity. I think trying to force things on people is exactly what fuels scepticism and conspiracy theories in the first place.
I think the fallacy that grips humanity is the perception that we need to control each other, I think the more we try to control each other the worse the world gets. This is also why I believe in cryptocurrency, because the technology is capable of creating trust-less decentralized financial systems that are not under anyone's control.