@_author: collapsing_effigy
@_date: 2014-01-17 17:00:28
Maybe if they held the title in escrow using multi-party signatures... 
@_date: 2014-01-16 08:56:54
What's interesting about Joe Rogan is that he comes across like an ignorant jock when you first see or hear him, but if you listen long enough, you realize that he's as thoughtful and introspective as the best of the nerds.
When you combine the two, you get a guy who is concerned about the right sorts of things, and pursues them honestly but often will present ideas in a way that shows a great understanding for the position his audience and interlocutor occupies regardless of their personality.
To put it in nerd terms, he's kind of like the fighter/magic-user of conversation. It can be... ahem... a  combination.
The thing I think would make a Rogan/Antonopolous conversation work well is that Rogan can be seriously confrontational and viciously attack ideas that just don't make sense to him. He won't just nod his head and pretend he gets things if he doesn't. He'll ask questions and appropriately modify his view if necessary.  As we know, Andreas knows his shit COLD and is not afraid to push the right ideas forward when he sees that the discussion is being framed incorrectly.  
It takes a tremendous degree of understanding to know the all innards of bitcoin.  It takes an even greater degree of understanding to be able to create a lucid explanation of the key points that is both memorable and engaging.  The degree of understanding that it takes to do both of those things and maintain the kind of top-down view of this constantly shifting landscape such that one is capable of directing rooms filled with people equipped with the understanding of the first sort toward the critical issues that beset the community is at least an order of magnitude greater than an understanding of second sort. Antonopolous really seems to have all three sorts of understanding.
A good Rogan attack would be well prepared and carefully executed, and the quote that showed up here at r/bitcoin yesterday hedges bets somewhat, so we really could see some nice attacks. 
Antonopolous seems to love a good scrap, so I could see things getting heated at one point or another.  He's certainly nimble enough to address any and all issues as they appear, but not without losing sight of the bigger picture.
To put it crudely, Rogan would be a great attacker and ally for bitcoin, because his regular dudeness brings an audience of non-nerds, but his ability to maintain focus and adaptability to difficult concepts means that he can digest things regular dudes can't or just don't.
@_date: 2014-07-02 09:55:01
This is vaguely reminiscent of [this 1994 clip]( but worse, since I think that Gumble might be feigning absolute ignorance for the sake of the viewers, whereas these guys really don't know what's up.
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:51:42
You don't need a bank account for bitcoin to be useful.  Also, a paper wallet would be sufficient, if not superior to a flash drive, as a flash drive can become infected and private keys made vulnerable.
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:48:53
I'll admit that it had occurred to me that the visibility of bitcoin would increase awareness of what it was, but at the same time real people could extract real benefit from a system that worked for them. Isn't  the indirect benefit to me minuscule in comparison to the direct benefit to them?  If this is true, my benefit is a mere side effect of what could be very helpful to them in the long and short term.
But you bring up a good point. I plan on aiding them with food and a small amount of cash at the time I introduce them to bitcoin.  I wouldn't push it.  I wouldn't say they could only get the cash if they decided to learn about bitcoin.  I would tell them about it and how to use it and help them along in pursuit of that, given that they showed interest.
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:38:45
I imagine you're right, any BTC given would probably be converted as soon as possible. The need for liquid funds is clear.
That being said, how could it be a detriment to have two means of receiving funds -- especially one that doesn't involve having the face to face interactions so many people are afraid of having with the homeless?  Many people would probably be more inclined to give to someone if I didn't have to worry about them seeing them as a "mark" next time they came by.
@_date: 2013-12-30 23:01:07
You don't need to have access to an exchange (like mr.gox, campbx, cryptsy, etc.) or a broker (like coinbase, bitstamp, etc) to buy or sell bitcoins.  You can but or sell bitcoins on localbitcoins.com pretty easily without a physical address or bank account.  Often, you can sell at a premium there because it is possible to purchase BTC much more quickly this way, whereas much verification of identity is needed before instant purchase is granted on BTC broker sites.
@_date: 2013-12-31 08:58:50
Homeless people famously have access to the internet through libraries.  Why would this access not be enough?
Honest question here.
@_date: 2013-12-30 22:31:04
Wouldn't library access to a computer be ok?
Until a dumb phone SMS bitcoin service is available, this portability of BTC will be problematic, but wouldn't it possible to convert BTC to USD through localbitcoins at a library?
@_date: 2013-11-09 20:15:52
I'm in the same position. Luckily (?), my job allows me to listen to "Let's talk Bitcoin" all day. It's a smart podcast with well elucidated and diverse opinions.  
I don't know what I'm going to do when I've heard them all.
One thing that helps me is that I meditate 30 minutes a day, so I can keep a firm grasp of my mind and focus on what's important.
@_date: 2013-12-30 23:12:50
I've heard of this movie.  I suppose I'm a bit naïve, because I try to believe and expect the best about people until they prove otherwise. 
I appreciate your warning and I'll be as clear minded about this as possible before I pursue it.  It's part of the reason I'm reaching out to r/bitcoin first.  I hope someone will give me a point of view I haven't yet considered and I'll incorporate it into how I see this situation.
Also, I'm not planning on dumping lottery level money on one person.  In fact, since the blockchain is fully visible to anyone with access to the internet, it will be very clear how much any account has received.  One might use this to decide whether or not to contribute. There's an incentive to maintain control of the address given, as it may be used weeks down the road to help the same person, even if you're in another state! (Of course, it is probably wise to check first)