@_author: collapsicoin
@_date: 2017-11-18 16:05:56
Throwaway account.
~ 250 BTC here.  Already quit my job (sorry, I hated it far too much), and I'm renting a room in a friends' house right now.  I'm down to approximately $10k cash so I need to get some cash relatively soon, I just live like a cheapass dirtbag since I was cheated on when I told my gf what was happening, she found a guy with more money coming in every year.  Anything you would change in this plan?
I might actually just keep my balls in the vice through this bubble and cash out next bubble (bitcoin partially feeds on collapsing economies and I expect there to be many more of those), but I need to cash some out just to live on in the meantime.  Just wondering what in your plan would change if those two things were re-tweaked.  250 BTC, no job right now as I already quit, (also no partner or kids to concern myself with but that doesn't really change much other than making me more daring/"stupid" in times like this).
Don't worry, I'm not interested in hookers and blow, that sounds like an awful waste of money and neurons for some fun.
@_date: 2018-11-04 14:18:09
Or so the majority, controlled by Majora, tells us.  Not so, in actuality.  Hold fast to your mind and soul alike, and you will not be abandoned...
@_date: 2018-11-15 16:10:46


You're just surface-comparing one word against another.  False evidence, it means absolutely nothing since it literally cannot "technically" be proven true or false BY DEFINITION...let me explain in my next point.


These things happened in his own worldline.  Not ours.  We are just to observe what happened and try to figure out our own.  Nothing has been decided yet or you and I wouldn't still have choice on our own hands.  If you die and fuck this up you'll be reincarnated by God into another body in another time, suited to get you the fuck out (if you want).  If, instead, you run away, to Hell (gravity distortion, time travel), you will respawn by Hell's rules which are FAR more cruel (instead of remembering just the good from previous lives, a momentum that will get you into Heaven [literally ascension to the stars] eventually); you will remember NOTHING when you come back, similar to the movies Primer or Memento, or perhaps PUBG or Fortnite.  This is why, to me, these modern games are seriously unfun.  My friends just don't get it though, and they treat me (and this "hoax") the same way you are.  That is fine.  My entire life has changed course due to this.
The reason the Egyptians have the same religion is because every thousand years someone figures it out.  Fascinatingly, time ITSELF is always changed and re-written to hide the mystery as well.  Eventually, God gives up.  I'm not sure when that is.  He wraps up the black hole that we're inside of (Special Relativity inside of General Relativity actually means we are in a black hole) and forever collapses Hell in our worldline, at the end, once shit gets super nasty and lifeforms start combining and things start to get out of control and nobody can be saved anymore...


I don't disagree with you - actually, I am trying to state that Satan him/herself (not sure who or what it is, doesn't really matter) simulates God in all ways it possibly can, and tricks most of us, and that's why most of us are going to Hell, like John, because we simply don't have the imagination to be capable of figuring it out in time...very sad.  I am trying my hardest to make this clear but I'm struggling with my own doubts and fears like anyone else would in my position.  God WAS copied.  By Satan.  Literally.  It's absolutely horrifying to me, but his plan is still perfect and we can still find our way out if we spend the time we need to in contemplation and solitude and suffer through everyone else calling us "crazy" in more and more fucked up, cruel ways that even they (the majority) aren't aware of in the moment.  Nobody is crazy, everyone has problems, to see it any differently was always part of the chain of lies from the lord of lies.


Actually that you refuse to says enough.  You are sealing your own fate, and though it's literally a paradox, other scientific geniuses like Albert Einstein and Stephen Hawking were remarkably close to the truth, but had a very hard time explaining it to other humans.  I'm planning to go 100%, as my entire life has set me up for this and I really do believe.  That said, my version of what God is technically sorta changes as I learn to understand more (usually by giving my time to other people, since most of my life this was not the case and I was very self-focused).
Honestly, even if you end up going to Hell and are super excited for time travel, there may be a way out, I just...have no idea what that is.  I'm very afraid of that time and it is literally a trap by God to ensure Heaven's safety outside of a certain range of time (it appears each planet where lifeforms build a civilization ends up like this, and we all ascend to Heaven in our own ways - it would seem, sadly, that only heroes are allowed in to Heaven, and this is honestly devastating news to most of society because most just try to mimic instead of being their strongest selves they possibly can - I think we might all have to literally go the hardest way imaginable to not be reincarnated).  I speak in parables only because of the grave nature upon which this subject matter speculation arrives at.  It is truly sad and horrific, especially if we are not ready, but we can always pray for mercy, and eventually God listens in some form and gives us inspiration to get out.  In Hell, it will be much harder, and that age is coming.  It will be branded like the internet - a new technology, ripe with possibilities.  It is literally a trap.  Most won't believe until it's too late, and it will be a very, very terrible feeling.  I may already have been there in a past life, I won't know until I'm outside.  
Very seriously, sorry to be the bearer of such horrific news, but it is still  the Truth, as far as I have been able to surmise.  I am shedding many friends and gaining many more new friends as a result of this change in my life.  Choose carefully and take your time, we might have a little while yet before the truly horrible stuff.  Ironically, time travelers are speeding up our temporal (gravity) distortion science in four different countries now and it appears time travel has ALWAYS existed in time, hence the Greek "gods" competing, seemingly inanely, with "God" (the one nobody has ever seen other than through divine imagination, the original author, NOT a liar and endlessly patient for the kindhearted to always have a way out).
Pray, if you must, in order to see the truth.  Even if you don't believe me, I hope this will be a seed planted in a place where someday it will make sense.  Please don't make fun of me, I have no interest in doing this to yourself.  If you disagree, just ignore me for now and come back to it when it might seem to make sense (it took me about 1.7 years to begin to consider that John Titor might actually be real, then another 4 months to get the connection that he was in Hell).
@_date: 2018-11-05 17:19:52
Read about John Titor and you'll find proof of Hell, and by inference you can probably figure out the rest...don't worry, someday it'll be more obvious.  I was exactly like you, there's nothing wrong with not taking a stand until you understand, it's a remarkably reasonable position to take.  I just hope it's not too late by the time you begin to give yourself permission to believe.  Best wishes to you!
@_date: 2018-11-04 14:16:32
The bubbles feature longer and longer patience tests between such parabolic emergence episodes until we break the existing banking system altogether, a situation which may be coming sooner than most could've had the capability/experience prerequisites to imagine (a feature of existence which comes, truthfully, with its own unique burdens).  Many other concerns should arise at such a point and perhaps people will begin to finally understand the nature of the reality we are in.  God is literally real; the rest...quite a lie, led by the best liar of them all, forever running away and hiding.  You've hereby been granted full permission to throw tomatoes in my face and laugh at me until you understand what I mean.  Years ago, I might've even been right there myself throwing those same tomatoes.  I didn't ask for this, but I am who I am.  Lots of weeping brought out the best and now it's all I wish to do.  Stay true to your self, all selves have an origin that helps us Home eventually.