@_author: colmoutard
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:48:21
OK, I posted this earlier but it was downvoted without comment, so here goes again.
Why are we doing this?
Nobody forced this guy to do an interview, he elected to do an interview, and presumably, somehow, somewhere, he knew it was about Bitcoin to the point where he *called the police* to say reporters were *at his home* and then proceeded to do the interview anyway, knowing full well, allegedly, that he had nothing to do with Bitcoin.
That does not make any sense. At all. Zero.
Nor does it make sense that the Bitcoin community would suddenly rally behind this person who we ostensibly do not know anything about. Just yesterday, the Bitcoin community and went on about how this guy was going to have a huge target on his head for all the money he has in BTC, and now that he has avowed that he has nothing to do with Bitcoin, our solution is to GIVE HIM A LOT OF MONEY? WTF?
If there is anything I don't understand more than that horribly written Newsweek article, it's the Bitcoin community's response to the article. The guy doesn't want any money, and he doesn't want any attention. He just wants to be left alone.
Edit: Either this guy really has nothing to do with it or you're all getting fleeced, badly, or both. Those are not odds I'm taking.
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:06:14
Oh, of course, the entire thing (and the woman) is a grasp at straws. I'm not arguing that, and I think the article is utter shite, but there are things that did clearly happen here that could've been avoided.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:08:13
Um, no. He DECIDED, VOLUNTARILY, to hold the interview. He wasn't "turned into" anything. He made a choice.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:35:44
"Yes, police. There is a reporter on my lawn. Please come watch me agree to interview her instead of having her removed from my property for trespassing."
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:27:35
A number of things would have to happen for this to be true.
1) His family must not have said anything at all to him about the fact that a reporter was calling them up and asking if he was the original writer of the Bitcoin code. OK, maybe this is possible, but I doubt it.
2) He must not have known at all about the global impact that Bitcoin has and will have. If he actually did write Bitcoin, there is no way this is true.
3) His response to a pseudo-random reporter emailing and contacting him after digging up a metric fuckton of information about him and confronting him about it was effectively "I'm OK with that," afterwhich he proceeded to not do any research at all about Bitcoin or the potential significance of his name, which makes no sense at all given the context of everything we know to be factually true about him, and then completely fails to say anything at all to reporters along the lines of "you really have the wrong person" after the fact. I seriously doubt it.
4) He decided to call the police when the reporter shows up to his house "just because he feels like it," or only because he is a paranoid old man with no other context for the situation or the potential impact this may have on his life.
You don't need to know "exactly" what's going to come out of a story to make a reasonable, educated decision about it. While a little kooky, there is nothing to infer that this man, whoever he is, would not have spent 5 minutes figuring out what was going on and said something to cut Newsweek off about it before the story blew up, but he not only failed to do that, he proceeded to voluntarily grant the interview for no reason other than...what, exactly?
edit: guy has an intense hatred and mistrust of the government, and (aside from working voluntarily for the government for a long number of years) the first thing he does when the reporters show up is call...the government. this whole thing reeks like a rank turd.
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:41:54
Uh...no? That guy was an idiot if he actually agreed to do an interview on Bitcoin. He could've saved himself the trouble and the publicity if he'd just refused to do the interview.
So this is kind of his problem...don't know why we're all rallying to his aid.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:11:25
Or he could've just said "no" from the first place?
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:52:07
"Nakamoto's responses to my questions about Bitcoin were careful but revealing."
That's what it says in the original article.
