@_author: coltonprovias
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:29:30
It actually looks like bitcointip was moved to changetip. You will have to go to  and login. If it's still tied to your account, you should be able to have it send to your address on coinbase.
In Bitcoin, the sender initializes and signs.
@_date: 2017-12-22 08:51:52
It truly is a beta project. Just look at the Bitcoin source code sometime where some things look hacked together. A single file has more assert statements in it than many test suites.
The problem Bitcoin runs into is that you are dealing with something that now has a rather large financial value. And when it comes to money, people become very conservative and protective, and thus change is very slow and hard to implement. In addition, a majority of clients on the network need to support the change simultaneously or else you end up with a huge mess of conflicts. And with a giant mess of conflicts, the entire network's capability of processing transactions could grind to a halt. Bitcoin's solution to this is consensus, which often requires a supermajority of clients to be capable of supporting a version. This is still a very slow process simply because people are very slow to update, if they update at all.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:20:13
Definitely. Use the address from your Coinbase control panel. Any other addresses that people will give you are scams.
Also, I hope you enjoy the $130+ tip that somebody gave you!
@_date: 2017-12-25 06:53:05
Yes, there has been real news before and there still is. There used to be hundreds of newspapers across the country, many owned by individual companies. A false story leading to a defamation/libel/slander suit would destroy the company. Plus the public was more used to standard news stories being the front page with opinion only appearing several pages in its own section.
With the many acquisitions, it has boiled down to only a handful of companies publishing newspapers nowadays. The previous issue of suing one newspaper for millions is now that over 100 newspapers; a much more survivable situation. With numbers declining, advertising isn't enough to sustain newspapers and the many journalists they have traditionally employed, so some changes have been done.
Simultaneously we had the rise of cable news, especially 24/7 news. As cable news isn't paid for by the subscriber but rather the advertiser, they needed some way to keep eyes glued in. Cue the sensational headlines, the push for more dramatic stories, etc. By itself, just repeating facts wouldn't keep attention. What did keep attention was the opinion news segments that they soon started calling comentaries, analysis, and other terms to avoid calling it opinion. Opinion, when not explicitly called opinion, could be passed off as news to the public and keep viewers from changing channels.  And the more sensational/exciting the presentation of the opinion, the more people that would keep tuning in. The plain news ended up taking a back seat while opinion has become normalized.
Now with journalists looking for work, another issue has come up. In newspapers, a well-written piece that fully covered an event was the goal as most of the money was subscriber-provided. Online, however, the goal is ad views. To get more views, you need catchier, more sensational headlines. It doesn't matter if the story is good or not as long as you get the most visitors to the page that you can to get that ad revenue. Journalists now have to compete with bloggers, many of whom aren't as well trained in the realm of fact-checking but are better at eye-catching titles. For a journalist to compete now, they either need a strong name to them or they may have to risk some integrity in favor of pushing the boundary to grab the attention of readers.
What we should do is take pride in the hard-working journalists who strive to provide well-researched, fact-checked, and opinion-free articles. Stop spreading opinion/analysis and blog-based news and push more for news that presents the facts as is. It should be up to readers to draw conclusions themselves, not to be spoonfed opinions. If that means moving back to a subscription model for news, then let's do that. Support news companies that make their money from subscribers rather than advertisers.
@_date: 2016-05-28 21:56:38
$520 on GDAX.  Shot up pretty quick over the past hour.