@_author: coltstrgj
@_date: 2018-01-29 22:02:44
Closed source is not ideal, but most of the API's have the ability to limit what the key can and cannot do. You could make an API key that only has access to read balances, etc and not do any trading/sending. So you could limit attack surfaces there. Still not ideal, but credit where it's due. 
to anybody thinking this means the app is safe keep in mind that this just protects you from API usage. This could still harm you in other ways. I personally think that OP is altruistic and you're safe, but I'd like to see the source also. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:39:16
Let's do it. 
For it to be a "TRI"ceratops we need it to be three branches, so we need to fork off of an existing fork. I suggest bitcoin cash because the BTC people will think it's funny since it's a joke coin, and the BCH people will think it's funny we chose them instead of some other fork. It's a win-win.
We could even steal the code BCH used and just invert the "no replay" bit 6 from BIP 143 and it will work since we have already diverged from the BTC chain. This joke coin would take very little effort to implement. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:57:25
Don't be sad. Without people spending it, it would have no value. You helped bitcoin become what it is today. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 12:07:29
For real. This is either a bad meme, or a fundamental misunderstanding of reddit. 
Reddit doesn't care what a subreddit does (go to r/potatpsalad). Opinions about Bitcoin cash aside, the sub isn't doing anything "wrong" as far as reddit is concerned.
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:30:49
For some things. I'm sure especially as it's a "store of value" or whatever we're going with now. I just mean it's not entirely unreasonable to think that a satoshi will be valuable some day. It's already a hundredth of a penny in USD. I can imagine a day where it's on the order of dollars instead of parts of cents. 
In that case it would be hard to have fine grained control over transaction fee pricing if we could only count by dollars. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 23:09:18
If you believe what you just said, I've got a great business opportunity for you...
For real though, I'm not really sure what you're talking about. If nobody buys anything with it, it's Monopoly money. Put it under your bed, in a vault, send it to your friends, idgaf but it's still Monopoly money. If people weren't buying goods with Bitcoin, and weren't selling it for fiat it would be valueless.
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:07:48
There smallest currently supported. It's one 100,000,000th of a Bitcoin. It is reasonable to say that as supply of Bitcoin diminishes and value increases a Satoshi might be a meaningful value and we need to divide it beyond that.
@_date: 2017-12-06 04:40:03
I think you're purposely misunderstanding me. Bitcoin has value because at least one of the following is true
* It can be used to trade for goods
* It can be purchased and sold
Both require transactions to happen that are Bitcoin for something not Bitcoin. How will it have a value in USD if you can't but it with USD?
@_date: 2019-03-19 19:24:30
He broadcasted a private key, lmao.
Also  this is how I imagine the conversation you're suggesting going:
"Mom, powers out. How do I buy food?"
"Easy, fire up your high power radio transmitter and use the private key you memorized to send money to the store"
"But they also don't have power"
"Uhh, just give them your brianwallet and promise it's not empty"
@_date: 2019-03-20 01:11:30
Or, you could use a regular wallet and a cellphone but your high powered radio and magic perfect balance wallets seems like a good alternative.
@_date: 2019-03-20 15:09:40
That's correct. Once it's signed it can be broadcast by anybody. Even a third party that is neither reliever or sender could broadcast it and it would work. That's not very helpful in this situation though because it requires you to have your private key memorized and signing a message by doing math on paper  which is not easy.
The overall point of my comment is that there's no way it's easier to do any of this brain wallet, radio transmission, offline signing, etc than it is to just use a cell phone and a regular wallet. People in the comments here are solving problems that don't exist and even if they did exist they are doing a bad job of solving them.
@_date: 2019-03-20 00:01:03
Yeah. Let me just go create a wallet with exact change for bread I haven't bought yet.
@_date: 2019-03-20 15:29:55
You're adding extra steps again.
Your solution:
1. Have phone and battery or generator or something
2. Get address from seller you will send funds to
2. Sign transaction manually on phone 
4. Transfer signed transaction to seller
5. Seller manually broadcasts transaction 
6. wait for desired confirmation level
My solution:
1.  Have phone and battery or generator or something
2. Get address from seller you will send funds to
3. Send funds
4. Wait for desired confirmation level
@_date: 2018-10-18 03:00:29
If you're on desktop/new Reddit you have to click the markdown button on the bottom first.
@_date: 2017-11-14 14:22:29
No problem. You never got hostile like some people on this site, and the questions you had are some I'm sure others have, so it was a good thing.
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:50:48
It doesn't handle it at all. There are some other cryptocurrencies that supposedly handle it. With Bitcoin, you can't owe somebody because you can't spend what you don't have. And you can't really centralize credit with Bitcoin either.  If some group decides somebody is in debt, there is no way to enforce that. I highly doubt there ever will be. 
It's like when parents tell their kids to apologize. There is no way to enforce it, you can just punish non participation.
@_date: 2017-11-14 01:15:23
If you're paid in Bitcoin, I guess they could use wage garnishment like normal.
And my point isnt that I'm immune to courts, but ilif they send me to jail or whatever they still can't get at my Bitcoin. Unless they have a super computer and a few thousand years to brute Force my private key it's impossible to take Bitcoin away from me without me saying so. Realistically the password protecting my Bitcoin wallet is the weak point. So if I use a strong password there they don't have a chance.
Edit, I forgot to answer part. What makes Bitcoin different is that is cryptographically secured. It's not like at a bank where they can have the bank give money without my permission.
@_date: 2017-11-14 00:01:31
Because things like that are enforced through litigation that leads to wage garnishment or similar. You can't just "take some" of my Bitcoin like you could part of my paycheck. Sue me all you want, you literally  can't get it.
@_date: 2017-11-14 02:55:18
Oh, yeah. They would definitely take something else. Some physical possession to recoup the cost or whatever. But they couldn't the the Bitcoin specifically which is what the paper is about, I think. I would mention everything you've just said too if it's in scope or the paper.
@_date: 2019-04-23 16:42:33
I know I'll get flamed for this but a currency that has no utility is worthless. If people don't spend Bitcoin then it has no value. This guy did you a favor. Thanks OP.
@_date: 2019-04-23 22:42:20
A pump and dump only works if there's low enough volume for small groups to significantly effect movement at little cost to themselves.
@_date: 2019-04-23 17:59:29
What would it take to convince you it's a good idea to spend Bitcoin? What information (whether it exists or not) would possibly change your mind? If the answer is that nothing will change your mind you're as bad as flat earthers and anti vaxx people. There has to be some way. I'm not saying I can change your mind. I'm not saying you need to change your mind. I'm just saying that if it can't be changed I can guarantee you're a fool. 
For example, I think it should be spent. Keep some for investment obviously but there's no reason you can't buy things with Bitcoin. If you could prove that it's better for the value of Bitcoin to hold instead of spend I would change my mind. If I were able (I'm not, but hypothetically) to prove beyond a doubt that spending it was better for the value than holding would you agree to spend some?
People like you are the reason Bitcoin is stuck where it's at. You're also the reason Bitcoin cash is attractive to a lot of people. This community is toxic. Anybody that doesn't buy and hold forever is labeled as a moron. You alienate people with your toxic behaviour and you don't know what you're talking about. You people are so set in your insane beliefs that anybody doing something different is shamed. I don't know what the deal is. Maybe it's just a shitload of people who took one gen Ed course in school and think they're finance experts now. Whatever the case this cult mentality needs to stop. 
If this guy spent USD on pizza nobody would bat an eye. But that's the same thing! He could have used the usd to buy Bitcoin. By you people's logic no more ey should ever be spent because it will go up in value, but here's the kicker: if nobody spends it it's not a currency. If I can't eat a Bitcoin or hold a bitcoin, and I can't spend a Bitcoin then it has no value.
If you honestly believe that holding is better than spending, use facts and cordial communication to convince people. You'll not change a mind by saying "well I can tell you're from &lt;insert group I hate here&gt;"
Finally I leave you with this
Cointelegraph: You probably get asked this question a lot, but I have to ask. Since 10,000 Bitcoin is worth around 80 million dollars today, do you ever regret paying 10,000 BTC for two pizzas?
LH: You know, I don't regret it. I think that it's great that I got to be part of the early history of Bitcoin in that way, and people know about the pizza and it's an interesting story because everybody can kind of relate to that and be [like] - "Oh my God, you spent all of that money!" I was also kind of giving people tech support on the forums and I ported Bitcoin to MacOS, and you know, some other things - fix bugs and whatnot, and I've always kind of just wanted people to use Bitcoin and buying the pizza was one way to do that. I didn't think it would get as popular as it has, but it's gotten to be a really catchy story for people.
@_date: 2019-04-23 16:52:56
No he won't. He got the utility he needed. You're all acting like "why eat when I could invest".  He wanted pizza, he could afford pizza, he bought it with his preferred currency, what's the issue?  Is Bitcoin a currency or an investment? Actually it's irrelevant, sure I could put my money into the S&amp; P 500 instead of buying pizza but we'd all agree that's fucking stupid. 
Plus without people making purchases Bitcoin is worthless. This man did a community service.
@_date: 2019-04-23 18:44:26
No. But it fell afterwards because it wasn't being used for purchases among other reasons.
@_date: 2019-01-02 19:33:44
I got my ledger for Christmas. I don't pay much attention to the crypto currency community so I didn't know this was happening. Glad I pulled everything out already.
@_date: 2018-02-14 17:18:41
that's why the binaries should have a hash with them. Then it's either all broken, or none of it is (provided somebody verifies them)
Unless you're using like c# or something. 
@_date: 2019-09-18 19:37:07
Follow up. I used to watch a show on YouTube called "plan B" by Jupiter broadcasting. It's interesting to watch it now and see how things evolved compared to where it was at and what people worried about in 2013.
@_date: 2019-09-18 19:32:22
I wouldn't say worse than pointless. I also hate how this sub and btc all talk so much shit about the other one based on who is involved. 
Missiles were "invented" by Nazis originally but that doesn't make missiles exclusively a nazi tool. In fact that technology really drove us forward to being able to later do space exploration and it's unlikely we would have made it to the Moon yet if missiles never came to be. 
Bad people can come up with good ideas and the ideas themselves aren't necessarily evil in any way. 
People like to say Tesla is great and Edison is bad but without either one we would not be where we are today. Sure Edison was a maniac and stole a bunch of stuff. Sure he did horrible things to dissuade people from using Tesla's designs. But we need both of them to exist. 
Also, Xerox invented the gui(object oriented programming, and... Basically everything else) To be used mainly with printers. Without that we would not be on Reddit right now. 
My point being that a technology being created is not useless even if it's not very useful. I think altcoins are a great opportunity to learn and try new things. 
Maybe a formally verified crypto currency like ADA is going to be great, maybe it won't. Either way I think that the formal verification and some of the other stuff they're working on is worth looking into. 
Maybe a fee market is the only way to support block chain but it's also possible that it can be supported other ways with 0 fees like nano (plus the multiple chains that nano uses is an interesting idea). 
Maybe off chain scaling is the way to go, but maybe it's not. Big blocks could lead to other useful things even if big block itself isn't a good idea. 
Saying that x and y are the only useful things to learn about is absurd. It's like saying apple and Microsoft are the only important computer companies despite you being on Reddit which is hosted on Linux server that were largely influenced by Sun which is now a dead company. 
My advice is this: say what you think the best are. Say why you think they're the best. Say that you don't think some will take off or gain value or be widely used or whatever. But never say that a technology is useless because you will inevitably look like a fool when one of the things you dismissed becomes super useful in a way nobody expected. 
Finally for anybody wanting to learn about crypto currencies and block chain I suggest this. Start with the Bitcoin white paper. If you don't understand something then Google it or ask on Reddit in any sub. Eth people will likely be able to help explain what a has or a signature is. The btc sub worship the white paper like my dad worships the Constitution (despite r/btc ignoring some parts entirely IMO). 
Once you're done with the white paper go on coinmarketcap or coingecko or whatever else people use and start clicking links to the crypto websites. They'll have a lot of buzzwords and nonsense but they'll also usually have information on where to read about the technical info. From there you can decide which sounds interesting and dove deeper into their documentation or look at their sub or hell, look it up on YouTube. Never take the advice.of any one person (even me, haha) until you have enough facts to feel comfortable deciding for yourself. If you just look at r/Bitcoin you'll never understand Bitcoin cash and if you look at r/btc you'll likely never understand the newer Bitcoin developments. 
Here's a list of crypto currencies that I think are neat and have some cool ideas despite the fact that I don't think all of them will succeed. 
Bitcoin/BTC: the father of everything else
Litecoin/LTC:like Bitcoin but faster block times among other things
Ethereum/ETH: smart contracts that have lots of examples 
Cardano/ADA: formally verified and "PoS" though it's not super far along compared to some others. 
Bomb: a fun subreddit, haha. This one destroys a little bit of the currency every time it's traded. It's strictly deflationary
Basic attention token/BAT: ads that pay the content creator or you. Also see brave browser
Look at the different stable coins like tether or DAI because they're trying some cool things (and you can also decide how trustworthy they are... I, and a lot of other people don't like some of these but I'll leave it for you to find out which)
Have fun.
@_date: 2019-05-13 03:38:47
I lost 150 on my own so they don't own all of the missing btc.