@_author: commanderbrc
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:23:14
location?  I shall support that taco joint!
@_date: 2018-01-07 17:55:46
He'll never to it like this:
an interesting take, possibilities in tokenizing FB for profit for everyone...
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:24:42
thanks for this.  This type of research/chart is exactly what I sat down to create this morning!  peace, -csf
@_date: 2018-01-01 02:10:02
i pay my rent in BTC.  i’m going to a dentist who takes BTC.  Just matter of time for more adoption.
@_date: 2017-11-26 16:39:06
aaand....i can’t get past the second page.  there are 7 pages total...
@_date: 2017-11-26 16:36:42
Two implications follow for Bitcoin. The first is that Bitcoin, far from replacing existing fiat currencies, is becoming more dependent on them. Just as oil is indexed to the dollar, so too is Bitcoin. The result is to strengthen rather than to weaken the value of the dollar for the cryptocurrency world. Stated differently, the financial institutions that are likely to increase the value of Bitcoin long term are at the same time going to make Bitcoin part of, rather than an alternative to, the "banking industrial complex." The Libertarian ideals which animate many in the cryptocurrency world are thus coming to their predictable end, foundering on the rocks of global financial realities. For some, this will be disheartening. I see it as a necessary step for broader acceptance and long-term growth.
The second implication is that it is unclear, immediately, just how the futures market could boost Bitcoin prices. Rather than billions of financial dollars pouring into Bitcoin, they will now pour into futures. This money itself will not, as a result, bid up the price of Bitcoin. It is this point which has left some confused. Could there be two markets, one with Bitcoin and one with Bitcoin futures, both operating independently? If not, then why not? And most importantly, what kind of impact on price can one expect?
Two Market Hypothesis
To answer these questions, one might begin reflection on the implications with an instructively erroneous start: the proposition that there will be two independent markets, one for Bitcoin itself and another for the futures market. The idea might be that because the futures market does not turn on exchanges in Bitcoin itself, then there is nothing to tie the price of the futures market to the underlying commodity (Bitcoin). It could, conceivably, take its own direction in price as result.
The problem might be compared to OTCQX:GBTC, the Grayscale Bitcoin Trust, for which the market has been willing to pay a premium (see chart below).
@_date: 2017-11-26 16:24:21
Why Futures Spell The End Of Bitcoin Mania
Lynn Sebastian PurcellNov.26.17
The implications of CME Group’s cash settled futures market for Bitcoin has caused confusion among traders.
Since CME Group will not own any Bitcoin, why should the futures market bid up the price of Bitcoin? What is that mechanism?
The answers suggest something paradoxical.
We should expect both modest price increase, and for the digital gold rush to end.
The anticipation of CME Group's futures market has boosted the price of Bitcoin from the high $6000s to over $8000 at the time of writing. The reasoning appears to be that new institutional money will flow into Bitcoin as a result, pushing the coin over $10,000 by year's end. Will it? And is that a good justification?
My sense is that the Bitcoin futures market will do two things: introduce stability long term and increase the price of Bitcoin some (but perhaps not as much as people expect). While these points support the $10,000 target relatively soon, they also spell the end of Bitcoin mania. Buy and hold strategies for Bitcoin ("hodling" as it called) is likely to have far lower returns, even if the future is positive, and traders will lose the volatility that has made Bitcoin trading so profitable. The end of the digital gold rush is coming. Let us begin with why CME's Bitcoin futures has confused some.
The CME Group on Bitcoin
For the CME Group, Bitcoin futures contracts will be cash settled. 
This is to say that if one were to buy a Bitcoin contract and held until expiration, no one would send 5 bitcoin (BTC) to one's bitcoin wallet. Instead, CME Group has decided to calculate the reference rate of bitcoin indexed to US dollars (using a basket of common exchanges). If the contract is above the price when one bought in, one will receive the difference in dollars (times five, of course, for the five coins). And the reverse holds for the reverse case. The reason for this cash settled approach is likely the long string of hacked exchanges in the cryptocurrency world, from Mt. Gox to Bitfinex. If the CME group were to settle the contracts with bitcoin, then they would expose themselves to this risk.
@_date: 2018-02-17 14:47:19
i want to do street art with AR, sell those objects on a blockchain.  Vitalik said in a podcast ‘digital ownership’ will be a growth market. 
@_date: 2018-03-03 15:30:05
Ross Ulbricht movie coming....made by the Cohen Bros.  
i would love to make a Satoshi Film
@_date: 2018-02-17 15:00:07
Don’t believe ANYTHING from the Administration.  Of course the govt has known about btc and all it entails.  Their statements are designed to mislead while they scheme behind the closed doors.