@_author: commercialdisk
@_date: 2018-02-23 04:31:52
He does not. He has some shell companies that he's used that are just basic corporations. No fancy MSB licenses.
@_date: 2018-02-23 05:42:45
A good buddy of mine that retired to the tropics on his Bitcoin gains dealt with Morgan a couple of years ago and told me lots about him. Threw him like 1,000 ETH or something and went to Vegas to meet him to talk about funding his Bitcoin trading. Basically just figured he'd throw the guy a bone because he seemed like a bit of an awkward outcast.
Turns out he was playing my buddy and some professional trader from Chicago against one another as like a three way mini Ponzi scheme. When my buddy would ask for some of his promised returns, Morgan would pressure the guy in Chicago to invest some more in him and vice versa. Both of them caught on right away and sympathy for Morgan's efforts turned quickly to some anger. I remember him telling me that when he went to Vegas to meet Morgan, all the red flags went up but it wasn't a huge loss or anything at the time and he just wanted to give the guy a chance. I think it made him a little more cynical in the end 'cause even today he still references this Morgan guy here n' there when he's talking about trash in the crypto space and says he just wanted to help someone out and he was taken advantage of. He doesn't even care about the money he lost the way he tells it.
@_date: 2018-02-23 03:43:33
He's almost certainly not telling the whole truth. Rockwell is basically a mentally unstable scammer that's claimed to be building great things for the block chain space for years and despite being a capable engineer, has basically never done better than buying and selling some Bitcoin under the table and soliciting people for investments in ideas he can't at all execute on.
These charges are total BS for sure, but this guy is doomed simply because he's sort of batshit crazy. He had a "company" called Bitcoin Kinetics years back that solicited investment from people kind of like an ICO, and he ended up basically telling all the shareholders that he didn't have any more money after a while and that they were SOL. Tried to get a Bitcoin connected washing machine built I think. Some guys on a podcast were talking about it way back.
Oh yeah, he also claims that he was asked by to be the CEO of Ethereum. Really he tried to interface with Charles and Charles looked into some of the claims he was making and his due diligence on Rockwell was...uhh...not encouraging let's say?