@_author: computer_barf
@_date: 2014-12-14 03:47:04
Use it as an oppertunity to teach them about the role of the pricing mechanism. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 10:23:14
The FBI placed a domain seized notice at the time of his arrest because they had hacked into the server, which obviously would have been a pretty obvious tipoff. 
@_date: 2015-07-27 14:50:33
This description you made, I do not disagree with it. I do not believe I have bitcoins because because the client says so. I am just interested in solving the problem that I presented in a manner in which it could be solved, and not in a manner that is known to not be solvable.  I accept that perhaps local enforcement is not possible, which is why i presented simple examples of how one might try and fail, then suggesting solutions that would be network dependent. 
You seem to be focusing simply on DRM , when this isn't really what I was thinking about when i thought of the problem I wanted to see solved, and perhaps I was misleading with the iteration of the term client, or the photoshop example. In that example the client is simply engaging the application and paying a fee, which is a little different than engaging in a market transaction within a community facilitated by the application , then being cryptographically compelled to pay a fee to the app developer to complete the transaction within the community platform the app provides.  
@_date: 2015-07-27 13:58:44
Considering how the bitcoin client runs, I don't really view it as limited simply to network behavior.  You seem to be expressing a ideology that bitcoin isn't currently limited to and as I understand the bitcoin client operates.  Fighting the premise isn't really all that interesting to me.  Providing a response to something I didn't ask doesn't further the thread and simply suggests to me that you don't have an interest in attempting to speculate on potential solutions.  
You might as well be telling me that the byzantine generals problem can't be solved for because there is an oppositional force.  Like it or not bitcoin enforces propertarian rights cryptographically, users don't have a choice on the matter because it is cryptographically imposed by the nature of its code interacting with the blockchain. If you don't want certain code run on your computer, its entirely possible to not download and run it, and I am not suggesting closed source, but an integral indelible functionality,  very much in the same spirit that bitcoin already has.  I'm not asking about your feels, but how what I am suggesting might be possible. 
@_date: 2015-07-27 14:26:39
Well as you might notice in my post I didn't require that the the entirety of the solution reside simply within the application, I am in fact anticipating that what I am proposing might rely on some sort of challenge/response to the content of the dht or blockchain. 
In fact, the entire reason why i would bring up the byzantine generals problem is that bitcoin was seen as a presentation to a problem that was regarded as unsolvable. 
Sure, the bitcoin client could be modified to run whatever code, so the local code isn't necessarily enforced, but because of the nature of the way in which it must interact with the block-chain to get the desired result, the local code is effectively limited to its core intention. 
@_date: 2015-07-27 01:01:29
No, Im interested in programmers being rewarded for producing services.  The particular service doesn't really matter, I can think of a variety of applications that this could apply to.  I could give a few examples to help clarify.
Imagine say for example, an independent app store that runs on bitcoin.  When the user purchases an app, the developer is paid, and a small percentage is remitted to the app store developer.  The fee's the app store earns would be an incentive to its creation and further development. 
I suppose , in a manner one could do something, I don't know if you would call it DRM, but something similar.  Lets say you developed a Photoshop clone for Linux.  Instead of charging the users the cost of photoshop up front, you could charge a microtransaction for the user to save their work. People don't like the idea of spending as much as they do on Photoshop up front, but they might be fine spending 5 cents worth in a microtransaction to get whatever job they need done.  In the aggregate a developer might do better this way independently than relying on being employed by X corporation.  
Lets say you develop some sort of manner to verify proof of remote data storage.  People could store their data in "the cloud", and others would hold it in hopes of gaining a reward when the user requests it.  Others could make money storing , uploading or streaming data , and with the method I mentioned the developer could make a living creating the software to make it happen.
Its also a way how developers could actively make a living creating software that others might not like them making.  If X corporation creates some software that people don't like, the government can simple go and shut them down. However, if the software was distributed anonymously, the developer could expect to maintain a cryptocurrency cashflow without a necessary need to bill individuals in a conventional manner. 
  
@_date: 2015-07-27 12:38:01
What if the user disagrees with not being able to spend bitcoins in other peoples wallets?  This sounds more like a political or social position rather than a cryptological one. 