@_author: comp-sci-stuff
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:35:28
I put this on r/software initially, but it really is very close to Bitcoin, and I thought this community would like to see as well.
I don't get a chance to share much of my work with the opensource community and want to start. Here is a project I recently started which allows a file to be securely timestamped. This idea has been mentioned a few times, but there hasn't been a real implementation. Its fairly easy to implement and I have a simple version working (which you can also use).
I would like to see if people would actually start using this thing. I don't know every scenario but a few that are relevant to myself are proving that you took pictures of an apartment right when you moved in to prove you did not cause certain damage during your stay. Also, if servers are down for turning in an assignment you could prove that you completed an assignment prior to the deadline. There are more important uses like for futuristic E-voting scenarios to show you actually voted prior to the closing of the polls.
Anyone have advice on how to get people to use an opensource tool? What to write next for the tool to help others use (GUI, Windows/MAC builds)? Anyone want to help?
@_date: 2013-04-11 02:39:46
Thanks, I'm glad someone was able to use and appreciate it.
I saw the code, seems like a good choice. I overlooked encrypted wallets (along with many other things probably). Once it discovers the encryption status I'll include it.
When I first started, I was looking for ways to get data into the block-chain. Contracts is a reasonable choice as well. Another possibility I came across was making a custom transaction using the scripting language, putting data on the stack and then just popping it off. I chose the quickest way to get this implemented but definitely open to other options. An advantage in the current way is that you can run this utility with -j (just print the address) and pay that address in any way you can imagine, so you could even use a wallet offered through an online service.