@_author: compounding
@_date: 2015-06-05 00:02:04
Ironically, Mark knows that any exchange he’s associated with would be shunned unless it was fully decentralized and with audited code and constantly proved reserves etc.
Other exchanges can rely on trust, so they have less incentive to solve those very hard problems. Mark has zero trust, so if he brought back the Gox, he would be forced to work out a solution that can fully cut trust from the system to even have a chance. Makes me wonder if that is why he is talking about this well known problem at all...
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:06:32
But if you think they are solvent, you  *could be*, and get 10 for 1 on your money, profiting nicely off your hunch if you are right. It's [down to]( 0.07 BTC per GoxCoin, a great steal if your "gut" says they are solvent!
@_date: 2014-03-19 18:10:17
SQRL - The concept of a single master secret that securely and anonymously authenticates you across various services, all without linking your activity across those services is actively being worked on by a group of security researches including Steve Gibson of the Security Now podcast who invented it. Furthermore, they are currently building an implementation and protocol and planning to release everything as open source software.
Its actually a really clever use of cryptography (like Bitcoin) and solves a lot of problems with the "single master secret" paradigm. It was [first revealed]( on Steve's podcast (see, 37:10 for the start of the SQRL info) but you can get more technical details [here](
@_date: 2014-02-18 21:31:34
It isn't a unique issue. If you re-issue transactions with new coins, you are opening yourself to attack if the old transaction gets confirmed after you check that it wasn’t included in the block chain and re-send a new transaction. Someone fixing a failed and malleable transaction id is only *one* of the possible attack vectors this opens up.
The “safe” and *necessary* solution is to always re-spend some of the same coins whenever you re-issue a transaction that has failed. That way, you are assured that only one of the transactions can go through and the other is killed permanently (because it would be a double spend).
GOX did not take this common sense, well known, and *necessary* safety precaution and got burned because they *also* didn't understand malleable transaction IDs.
@_date: 2014-03-02 21:14:50
What are you talking about?
Every purchase on Bitcoinbuilder expressed a buyer's and seller's estimate of this. When a Goxcoin sells for 0.10 BTC, it means that the Goxcoin seller thinks that there is &lt;10% chance that they will see money returned. The buyer thinks the opposite, that there is a &gt;10% chance that money will be returned.
Right now, goxcoin is selling for ~3-6% over there, suggesting that *on average* the market thinks that is the chance they can "make good" on their debts.
If you think that you need hard evidence to make a probability estimate, I have some Goxcoins to sell you. Since you have no "evidence" either way, what would you sell Goxcoins at for a fair rate? 100% because your head is so far in the sand you can see daylight out the other side? 50% because, "there's two choices and we don't know which!1! lol"? Ironically, numbers *really* don't work that way...
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:36:31
Ya, I thought I was making a joke...  
In retrospect, so is Mark, so it shouldn't be surprising that they line up so well.
@_date: 2014-05-07 22:54:19
Bitcoin sacristy is *not* fixed to 21 million coins. It could be changed to any arbitrary amount by a majority of the users.
Hey, kinda like a democratic majority for many fiat currencies.
Just because bitcoin enthusiasts cannot comprehend why the majority of citizens would want and choose a flexible rather than fixed money supply does not mean that if bitcoin became mainstream the masses would not just co-opt the network and alter that parameter to fit the system they prefer.
@_date: 2014-02-20 08:03:59
There are places you can buy 1 week contracts based on the price differential rather than actually putting money in gox. It was something like 70% chance of default, so if you wanted to bet that they wouldn't you could make a pretty penny without exposing yourself to GOX conterparty risk directly.
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:38:56




not technically?
@_date: 2014-02-24 08:04:48
After deleting their twitter feed its gets a bit more.... [intense](
@_date: 2014-06-12 19:42:25
If the number of private keys is (vastly) greater than the number of addresses, doesn't that mean that there exist many different private keys which control the same address?
@_date: 2014-06-17 23:39:51
Well, not in the U.S., not until this year.
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:18:21
From all accounts, Satoshi did not predict mining pools as a rational method of lowering variance.
The reason that miners cannot steal currently is that the blocks they are hashing have the payment address of the pool already imbedded. If they submit proof of work to the pool without the pool's payment address in the hash, they don't get paid from the pool shares and are just mining independently.
The solution would be to *also* allow the network to accept a block that has been wrapped in a zero knowledge proof proving that you solved a block with certain transactions, but obscuring the payout address in the block header, along with a *new* payment address to receive the block reward.
In this way, a solo miner would continue to hash in the normal fashion, but anyone mining in a pool could alter their software to withhold a successfully solved block from the pool, and broadcast it themselves with the zero knowledge proof and a personal payment address. All of the proof of work they submit back to the pool would be entirely legit, but pools wouldn't be able to determine who was submitting wrapped blocks and which pools were being cheated.
@_date: 2014-05-15 22:38:44
Some people have touched on a few knock on effects of this, but I haven't seen anyone really articulate the core problem:
The reward for mining is tied so strongly to the price/adoption that it has led to an over-investment in hash rate. This is good for short-term security, but has important long-term implications and negative effects including higher network costs, more centralization, and potentially *lower* long term security.
None of this is a nail in a coffin or anything, but these are at least potential problems, and the solutions to some of them accentuate others. 
1. The most obvious effect of this is the high cost of entry to Bitcoin mining due to the proliferation of specialized ASIC's. While these have done an excellent job of securing the network from any conceivable attack (the network hash rate is faster than basically all of the world's supercomputer's combined), they now cost tens of thousands of dollars and are only getting more expensive. As the costs go up and inflation decreases in the long run, mining is likely to become less profitable and the combination of these two effects is likely to result in there being only several large Bitcoin "companies" doing most of the mining from large data centers in areas with the cheapest power.
2. A way of visualizing the over-investment in mining is to look at the [USD cost per transaction]( which is directly linked to the USD exchange rate because of the constant generation of coins. The whole incentive system of bitcoin mining is *designed* to push the marginal cost of bitcoin production to the marginal cost of electricity. This means that if Bitcoin has another bubble before the next drop in the block reward (in ~two years), the cost-per-transaction by then could be literally 3-5 times *higher*, an astronomical $75-$125, and that's not even an upper limit.
3. So far, transaction volume has been growing much more slowly than price. Furthermore, that growth has been distinctly linear rather than exponential. A quick and dirty estimate I did based on blockchain.info's transaction volume data suggests it would be 10-12 *years* before we even come up against the hard-coded block size limit (on average). This is actually good news^tm for scaleability (see  but it means that the current growth in transaction volume simply will not be able to cover lost mining revenue with transaction fees without seriously impacting the usefulness of Bitcoin itself. 
4. Well, so what if miner revenue gets cut in half during the next block reward? Well, if every miner is barely profitable (because the marginal cost of electricity/bitcoin production drives inevitably towards that result), then *none* of them will be profitable until the next difficulty adjustment. Depending on what fraction of the hashing network drops out, that could be (on average) ~15 days of 20 minute confirmations if 50% turn off their rigs, or *two months* of 1.5 *hour* conformations if 90% of the network temporarily drops out to wait for the next adjustment. Furthermore, transaction fees would have to rise an implausible 50-100x if they were to compensate for the drop in revenue. This is only a short term problem, but if longer transaction times cause the price to drop it could cause a spiral where more miners drop out as their revenue falls even farther, inconveniencing users more and resulting in further price drops etc. Slow confirmation times could be solved by a developer update, and are only a problem if the number of miners drops rapidly. However…
5. ASIC’s have basically no value outside of mining for the Bitcoin network (or any altcoin with the same algorithm). In the long-long term, there is likely to be some maximum mining revenue that then decreases, making some large fraction of ASIC’s redundant. Since these don’t have any plausible secondary use, they are basically worthless once they can’t be used to mine. Unfortunately, if people sell off their unprofitable equipment for pennies on the dollar, it becomes very cheap to assemble a network of cheap hardware with network relevant hash rates that is just *slightly* unprofitable (and likely to remain so).  This means you could very cheaply build a network that can’t make money by mining on its own, but then make money by making leveraged bets against the market and then attacking it.
6. Finally, one solution to many of these problems would be ever increasing numbers of transactions. This could allow individual transaction fees to remain low while providing slowly growing or at least steady miner revenue. Unfortunately, there hasn’t been much demand for more transactions even though fees are already so low that they generally only account for 0.2-0.5% of the per-transaction “cost” of running the network. If transaction fees need to rise before transaction volume picks up, it could actually prevent the growth in volume itself. Furthermore, transaction volume probably can’t scale infinitely. There have been some excellent discussions about just how well the network can scale, but it almost certainly has some limit, and that could well be below the transaction volume required to sustain $0.05 fees. To maintain even current miner revenue with only transaction fees, Bitcoin would need to process an average of ~500x the current rate of transactions. This would result in blockchain growth of ~73 mB *per block* and nearly 4 TB per year. This isn’t impossible, but it also drives centralization in both mining and nodes… We can create incentives for hosting a full node, but that increased the cost of transactions (or decreases the mining revenue with the associated problems in 4 and 5).
In conclusion, there are a lot of “what if’s” for Bitcoin to navigate, but a clear one is whether Bitcoin’s skyrocketing price in the near term might endanger it in the long term if the price ever levels out to a stable or even slowly growing level. As it is, anything below a 2x increase in either: price, transaction volume, or per transaction fees during every single 4 year period going forward will cause problems with ASIC’s becoming permanently unprofitable and flooding the market with cheap hardware which could be used to attack the diminished network.
@_date: 2014-04-11 23:01:10
I actually think that alt coins will provide a great opportunity since they will allow the market to show what users prefer among "high security", "high explicit fees", or "hidden inflation based fees" (Pick two).
I suspect it will be moderate security with inflation based fees (instead of explicit ones).
 
@_date: 2014-05-31 09:25:45
Boy were you ever right.... [jesus that was quick...](
@_date: 2014-02-21 00:03:41
He *didn't* say he had seen their balance, *or* that they had plenty of money. He said "I'm sure that all *the current withdrawal problems* are being caused by the traditional banking system" because "the traditional banking partners... are *not able to keep up with the demands of the growing Bitcoin economy*"
There is ample room for misdirection in the first statement (based on the added emphasis), and it appears that the second statement is *not 100% accurate* because withdrawl problems have not gotten better even as growth has slowed down, stopped, and even reversed, alleviating the, "demands of the growing Bitcoin economy".
Edit: In fact, blaming the traditional banks because they "can't keep up with our fantastic growth" sounds an awful lot like blaming the Bitcoin protocol because GOX was not double spending coins when they re-sent transactions *or* properly forming transaction id's in the first place. It's just one more of many cases where GOX blames everyone but themselves... regardless of the fact that no one else seems to have all of these problems... or when they do, take nearly as long to fix them!
@_date: 2014-06-13 19:14:39
Honestly, you would probably fork the coin, even assuming the miners don't attack the new version in order to keep theirs running. A major community induced fork would put a huge dent in Bitcoin's reputation (and rightly so) as a reliable store of value. Anyone who transacted on the "wrong" fork would be liable to have their transactions invalidated, killing the fungibility of Bitcoin...
Also, if miners don't join en-mass, it would be trivial for Ghash to run up the SHA2 difficulty, then drop out, leaving hours or days to confirm every SHA2 block until the difficulty resets after another 2016 blocks. That could be months worth of extremely slow confirmations...
@_date: 2014-04-09 19:16:30
I agree. Password managers are basically a kludge... though I've been using LastPass already since my algorithm is already clunky enough to be inconvenient. I've had good success with everything but mobile (I don't pay for that premium service), especially using 2-factor authentication and the fact that their service is deliberately and cleverly structured so that they never receive the password needed to decrypt your passwords (which are decrypted locally).
Ultimately, I'm holding out for the "next big thing" in authentication. Maybe something like [SQRL]( 
@_date: 2014-05-14 04:40:55
To be fair to them, it did pop up a warning... twice!
The guy thought that the "unusually large fee" it was referring to was his 0.0005 BTC so they changed it to 0.0003 BTC and clicked through once they got the same message a second time.
Obviously there is still room for user error, but they had to try pretty hard to find it.
@_date: 2014-10-04 18:01:12
OP is a pro and is long on margin. If his cost basis is ~$600 per coin like he claims, that must be damn close to margin liquidation already. In another comment he admits that he doesn’t even know where his liquidation price is... christ, how could you be long on margin and not even know that?
@_date: 2014-03-19 08:23:50
In the real world, somebody always will, its just a matter of how much it costs. Even Greece at its worst could still roll over its debt as long as it could afford the ~20% annual interest rates that the market was charging. (It couldn't afford those, but the credit was "available" if they could have). Hence, it is better to consider not whether you will be given credit, but at what point the cost of that credit becomes unviable. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 23:11:58
This is correct, the current "price" of transacting in bitcoin is ~$44 [*per transaction*](
Nobody is paying that much in fees because it is being paid by inflation of the currency. As inflation drops, fees will go up substantially or hashing power / security will drop *significantly*.
It will be interesting to see if users prefer inflation based fees, explicit high transaction fees, or lower security. We will get a chance to see as other crypto-currencies can wedge into the market by undercutting the fees as bitcoin inflation falls.
@_date: 2014-05-20 23:00:10
@_date: 2014-03-19 07:28:18
I merely meant to point out that the logic doesn't mean what you said it means (that growth rate economy &lt; growth rate debt = negative growth).
But anyway, I would be interested in a link to your numbers, it actually is an interesting question if the deficit has been higher than absolute GDP growth.  It still wouldn't mean that growth was "negative", but it would be problematic and certainly not something that could continue indefinitely.
Actually, I looked it up myself. The deficit has averaged ~307.2 Billion annually from 1980 - 2013, while annual growth has averaged ~416.6 Billion over the same time period.
The growth in GDP being higher than the deficit probably doesn't hold for shorter time periods during the last decade while recovering from the biggest economic downturn since the Great Depression, which isn't all that surprising. For 2013, this ratio was still slightly negative, and CBO projections for the 2014-2016 budgets would have it turn positive again in all of those years if we grew by the same amount (not even at the same rate) as we did in 2013. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 05:34:53
If you are verified, you can still transfer within Gox, so you transfer your GoxBTC to a supplied address, then they transfer the requisite real BTC to your address. Its a nice way to allow people stuck in GOX to get out if they think a failure is coming (even though BTC cannot leave GOX itself) and it *also* allows individuals to speculate/bet that GOX's finances are a-ok and that they will get more bitcoin out once everything settles down. 
There are also traders who want to get into GOX so they can trade the volatility and news which is just swinging everything up and down like a banshie. This gets them more value for their coin vs. just transferring full BTC in directly and is also faster than fiat deposit to GOX would be. They can then transfer any gains out again via the same way they came in, or hold their gains in the account, betting that GOX is solvent.
edit: if you haven't already, you should get started on verification... they don't allow any withdrawals of any type without verification and even before this whole mess it was taking months. If you are not already, that should be priority  for you. My bet is that even if they are insolvent, they will allow for small amounts of withdrawals at some point before shutting down entirely. If you can get verified before then, you would at least have a chance of getting out whatever limits they allow (1 BTC/day? 10 BTC/month?) or you would at least have the option to sell on bitcoin builder and salvage some of your value...
@_date: 2014-06-08 23:49:37
No. Currently, some pools publish their ip address and sources like Blockchain.info use those published addresses to estimate who controls what percentage of the network.
Already ~20% of the blocks come from "unknown" addresses, and we don't know who mines or supplies them.
If there was an attempt to block a specific pool (or require that blocks came from more than one location), that pool would just submit their blocks from a new address each time and not publish that it is associated with them.
Then, the "unknown" blocks would account for 70% of the network and we would have no idea how many of those miners are actually controlled by one entity. In truth, any pool with &gt;30% of the hash rate right now could be hiding their mining behind some fraction of that 20% so that they don't alert people that they have &gt;50% of the network already.
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:05:31
The downside is that overall investment will be lower as some fraction of non-insider investors decide that its not worth the risk of being fleeced.
It's a market inefficiency caused by asymmetric information. If the guy wanting to sell to you *could* have better information than you do, then the *very fact that he wants to sell* is some amount of evidence that he *does* have information you don't, and that you should not buy. Thus, simply allowing inside traders to exist in a market creates extra friction for *every* transaction.
@_date: 2014-03-02 19:27:52
Sorry if I was unclear? I was referring to the linked scams in the parent comment, not your post or emails. Those emails included the text, "Download Documents" and "Please download the Cloud VPS Miner" with hyperlinks to malicious websites in *those* spam emails, which were not from, and did not link to mtgox.com at all.
@_date: 2014-04-11 00:58:29
Think it'll get down below the anniversary bubble all time high?
@_date: 2014-02-17 02:45:24
I'd bet non-GOX BTC that op made a shit ton of (fake GOX) money off of that spike they created before deleting their account...
@_date: 2014-05-08 05:15:01
It's only internally inconsistent if you take "any change in the allowed number of coins" and "rapidly" "seriously degrading their value" as synonyms.  For example, additional coins could introduced to hold the value steady as opposed to explicit deflation and there would be no reduction in value at all.
@_date: 2014-02-24 05:23:27
If you are a verified GOX user, you can sell your GoxBTC for real BTC at [this website]( The current "price" is a 60% discount to real bitcoin, but that has been between 45%-65% in the last 12 hours depending on news.
Essentially, if you have BTC in Gox, it is advantageous to sell your coin there if you ascribe more than that % chance of them failing. If you are holding fiat in your Gox account, you can probably get it out without losing any value because the price to buy coins on GOX is so low that you essentially get your value back just by transferring it out (Buy 1 GoxBTC for ~$200 with money in your account, sell it on bitcoinbuilder for 0.4 real BTC, sell 0.4 BTC at Bitstamp for $231 to get a small profit).
@_date: 2014-06-14 20:11:10
There is an even bigger problem: as the reward drops, unprofitable miners will drop out of the network, eventually dropping the hash rate drastically.
That hardware still exists and companies can buy it up very cheaply. I expect a cottage industry of cloud miners rented out that are slightly unprofitable for mining, but can be turned on for short periods of time to attack the network to get profits from crashing the price or performing double spends, but then disappear as soon as they complete their task.... over and over and over and over again.
@_date: 2014-10-05 02:55:56
There is no risk to selling off all his positions and putting it in a bank account. FOMO (fear of missing out) is not an investment risk, and frankly, however badly he feels if it goes back up is his own problem.
He set this course when he invested more than he could afford to lose (with other people’s money!), and didn’t set an appropriate stop loss. Keep in mind: he has *already* lost every penny he put in several times and is still trying to add more and use leverage and prayer to dig his way out. The appropriate thing to do would be to cash out, give the remaining money to his family, and then say, “I think you could make it back by putting it into Bitcoin, but I recognize that I long ago lost the right to make that decision for you”. 
Oh, and did you do the math? He is leveraged and probably near liquidation as it is, he can’t even afford to ride it out if he wants to.
@_date: 2014-03-22 20:31:18
Like subsidizing customers who get cash back on their credit cards? Bitcoin is the answer!
@_date: 2014-03-02 21:44:32
Well, to get the 850K figure for customer deposits, there must be *some* records of aggregate customer accounts... Presumably there are some backups of that as well which might have a history? 
We can largely assume that few/no BTC were being deposited after withdrawals were shut down, so if the total BTC in all customers accounts rises significantly after that point it would be extremely suspicious...
@_date: 2014-04-11 03:45:56
Actually, according to wikipedia, the most common quotes for S&amp;P are the "price return" instead of the "total return" index which includes dividends.
Good thing to be aware of though. In any case, I should have been more clear, I was actually basing the gains for that calculation off of an index-following ETF - SPY, which does pay a dividend (1.9%).
@_date: 2014-08-17 16:05:34
If it isn’t the format of *any* commonly used bitcoin software, it would be worthwhile to run some simple tests for randomness.
If OP is actually the owner of the wallet (and their comments support that assumption), then they are just about knowledgeable enough to Dunning-Kruger themselves by trying to roll their own encryption.
Knows how to check the sum in a terminal but doesn’t understand social engineering or embedding malicious files? Considering their ignorance about side attacks, its easy to imagine them thinking that security was easy and bashed out a script to [encrypt their own file]( This guy would be the perfect candidate to use a block cypher and not [understand chaining](
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:00:45
Despite being a troll, cash has physical security and digital transactions have electronic security. You can't really compare the two because digital transactions are open to the entire world with very low risk while physical interactions are open to (comparatively) limited numbers of attackers who would have to accept a much higher risk of being caught.
A better analogy for cash would be a paper wallet, where Bitcoins are actually better because they can be encrypted and backed up. Cash is just not a good analogy for digital bitcoin transactions because cash can't be transferred electronically and is open to far fewer attacks with much higher risk to the attacker.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:38:28
Precisely. And anyways, by any theory the audits certainly didn't require them to prove ownership of the coin by signing something with the private key (which would alert GOX if they lost it within 1 month and make the regulators go nuclear), so even if they were being audited, GOX would have just been showing them their own computer system that said they had enough coins, not being checked in a way that would rule out running a fractional reserve or lying about the numbers.
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:49:32
Quite obviously, its not illegal so why not?
@_date: 2014-06-06 16:02:38
See, while I do make jokes about it, things like this actually make me sad.
Both these guys are essentially making up their own rules, and then expecting it to work out well for them. Spoiler alert, it probably won't. It might go alright as long as the judge or prosecutor feels bad for them and doesn't want them to spend 6 months in jain for not obtaining a fishing license, but eventually, they will get a judge that is exasperated with their bullshit and just says, "fine, contempt it is - take him away".
Maybe it will make them feel like a martyr, but they won't be. It just means that not believing in the legitimacy of Government authority over you won't protect you when you get thrown in jain for breaking the law, whether you recognize it or not.
Out of curiosity, do you think that I would be a martyr because I don't recognize property rights, stopped paying my rent, and told my landlord that he could not evict me, the natural born person, because I am just fulfilling my natural right to seek shelter? Would I be a martyr as the eviction goes through and I uphold my natural born right to defend myself in my shelter and end up dead or in Jail for assaulting an officer or resisting arrest? No. 
No, I'd be an asshole who isn't holding up my end of a contract recognized by the society I *choose* to live in. These people are just the same. They don't recognize the law, but it won't stop it from applying to them, and then they needlessly escalated the situation when the terms of that contract are enforced. Sure I could live life in an anarchic state, not recognizing the laws or the societal structures around me, and yell that their a bunch of criminals as they drag me to a metal cage and lock me up, but does that really enhance my life? 
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:04:26
Done, great idea.
@_date: 2014-02-17 23:26:52
And that is *so hard* when weighed against the other option which is complete and total business failure. I don't think this is an answer, I think it is evidence that to alleviate the withdrawal problems early on they thought the failed transaction problems was a "low funds" problem and *already* added the cold storage coins back in... 
When did the transaction problem really start to accelerate? Was it mid January concurrent with the [big spike]( in BTC days destroyed?
@_date: 2014-03-01 21:22:29
I didn't realize that getting a run of the mill virus on your computer could result in having your money sent by Western Union...
So of course you can get scammed by sending money deliberately to a dumb place... plenty of Bitcoiner's have been ripped off by Ponzi Schemes as well, but that is totally different from a virus or worm on your computer being able to steal all your money without recourse.
What % of the population do you think are sophisticated enough to keep their computer (or phone) secure when their savings are on the line? Even well informed and enthusiastic early adopters are getting their coins taken despite "advanced" security measures like 2-factor authentication.
@_date: 2014-08-16 15:49:46
Poe’s law I guess. I was mocking the ridiculous concept that Karpeles’ huge clusterfuck was somehow the work of nefarious governments with a gag order that prevents innocent little Mark from telling us what *really* happened.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:44:57
That merely demonstrates that Mark had *no ethical problems* with running a fractional reserve for a time in attempting to make up for the losses. This suggests that he may have *already been doing that*, accounting for the truly massive losses which should have been noticed before withdrawal troubles began (i.e., they were noticed, Mark just didn't have a problem with the discrepancy until the money ran out).
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:21:49
Well... There was at least one thread here where people were examining a 50,000 BTC wallet that was receiving many small but significant transactions from Gox that were duplicates spaced ~30 minutes apart.
Haven't seen anything lately, so perhaps nothing came of it, but there certainly has been suspicious transactions being examined.
@_date: 2014-06-14 02:24:38
[this should help explain everything](
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:49:35
I certainly hope so. I can't understand why PFS isn't the only acceptable default already, but I guess these things do take time.
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:52:12
How would you force the network to accept this new change to the protocol? Miners have invested a *massive* amount of money in the network and will simply not upgrade to any new fork that does not leave them with &gt;= their current profits. Heck, according the the core dev's, its difficult to get miners to upgrade to new versions even for just technical fixes and improvements... and you want them to give up half their revenue? And want ghash to voluntarily give up their control of the network, which they have already refused to do?
Remember that Bitcoin is not something you (or the devs) can declare from on high, it is a decentralized mechanism for forming a consensus... Good luck getting the miners to form a consensus around something that destroys their profit and/or control without first having some catastrophe that is even worse and makes the change in the protocol less bad in their eyes.
@_date: 2014-02-24 22:02:13
Depending on the method of crash (physical damage? no luck), you could/should try [SpinRite]( It's a heck of a lot cheaper than professional data recovery and resurrects some pretty far-gone hard drives (and even an ssd on occasion!)
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:17:19
Even if they liquidated them over two months on the open market (very very fast for a legal process) the increase in available coins would still be less than the constant addition of coins by coinbase transactions from mining.
More likely they will liquidate them over &gt;6 months, so a moderate downward pressure, but only &lt;133% the rate that bitcoin has experienced for the past year and a half.
@_date: 2014-02-28 00:48:38
I'll bet he can hire a better security team with 750,000 bitcoins too... But I'm sure the free market will sort it out somehow.
@_date: 2014-06-07 01:02:31
So, what I'm saying is that we just need to restructure the constitution so it lines up perfectly with your own personal philosophy and it can stay exactly the same, except you won't be a slave because you will have voluntarily decided to sign the contract.
We just make the president the owner of all the property, and he generously seeds power to the congress (or state governments) to make the "laws of the land" and bequeaths it to the next elected president out of tradition (as is his right). There is no private land, and you don't actually get to own any, just buy the right to use it minus some limitations (regulations) and clawback terms in the contract (eminent domain).
Here's my (overdue) point: your philosophy has no problem with something that looks *exactly* like a government when its just a wealthy guy who owns every bit of land in your home town, state, or even the whole country. So why are you so down on that property owner (the U.S. Government) doing exactly what you believe they have a right to do: enforcing their property right to say, "follow our rules, or GTFO"?
@_date: 2014-06-07 00:33:00
If you are born on somebody else's property, can they make you follow the rules or leave if you don't like it? 
My understanding is that Objectivist philosophy grants a property owner basically total dominion over their property... Not to mention the fact that it is very clear that you aren't "owed" anything by society, so if somebody else owns all the land, you have no right to complain about how unfair it is to make you follow their rules or take your leave, right?
@_date: 2014-02-24 07:21:23
Well... if you are in the U.S., [this article]( says they will accept a "residency citification" - I assume that is something like [this]( 45 days and an $85 fee... not particularly helpful... It might be easier to get your parents to transfer a utility bill into your name for a month...
@_date: 2014-03-19 19:36:09
Ya, its currently geared for web logins, but has also grappled with a lot of the problems that come out of having a single global "master key". One very interesting development is the ability to [unlock the identity]( (or essentially "supper verify" yourself) in order to revoke and replace a potentially compromised "master key" without any third party intervention.
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:55:12
Easiest way is probably with a [prediction market]( I have seen several and this is just the first one that came up with a quick search (and it doesn't look very liquid)
@_date: 2014-07-08 03:14:21
No. Electrum produces a random number, and then converts that random number into the seed using an algorithm they developed.
It is similar to how brain wallets work however. Each ("serial_number" + x) would produce a new brain wallet private key, but anyone checking 0000001... 0000002... etc. would easily find it.
The problem being discussed is that once you have hashed that counter, you can't actually tell if the initial thing you hashed was truly random or not without brute forcing the hash function to see if you can reproduce it (impractical).
So a black box random number generator could be just designed to hash  a counter starting with a 256 bit number known by the CIA (along with a chip designation so each device's output is unique), and the output would be trivial to break by anyone who knew the 256 bit starting number but look 100% purely random to anyone else.
The way to get provably random numbers is to allow some input by the user in a way that they can verify that their own number was mixed with the random numbers provided by the device.
You can only increase entropy, so as long as the user knows that they are supplying "real" randomness (like from dice rolls) that cannot be sent back to the NSA somehow, they can be sure that their data is *at least* that random.
@_date: 2014-05-22 03:25:05
After all other expenses from rent, salaries, layer fees, payments for the investigators time, court fees etc. etc. etc, you could probably expect to get back maybe 10% of your money. That will be provided in USD and might be priced at the final Mt. Gox closing price of $135 per BTC.
That would probably be around 2.5% of the account *value*, so that seems like a reasonable statement. Plan for that, and if they reimburse based on market BTC price then things went better than expected.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:23:53
If you really believe that, why not profit from it? Bitcoinbuilder.com is still going strong and GoxCoins are selling for a 91% discount  to real bitcoin. There are people there who have orders in for 10,000 GoxCoin for 1 BTC if the price ever gets that low. If it works out, you could increase any stash you have by a factor of 10-100 as the sellout goes on. I've heard registration there is really quick too, like 15 minutes!
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:42:42
Yes, I would like to know what happens next! With dates plz
@_date: 2014-02-20 08:31:56
If you *knew for a certainty* that you were the only insider...
@_date: 2014-09-12 16:28:41
Sure your credit card company will still get the data (as they must in order to bill you), but it could be one fewer company (and a marketing company in the case of Google) that doesn’t get the whole of your purchasing data. I probably wouldn’t mind Google myself, but it is a more customer friendly approach *if* they can pull it off.
I’ll definitely be interested to see if they can fulfill both of those promises. They have been reported based on the wording in the presentation and follow up questions by journalists, but those aren’t always the most reliable. Getting rewards would require cooperation from the card companies, which Apple is pretty good at negotiating.  
Apple also has a pretty good security architecture, so its not inconceivable that they could build something secure and anonymous, but I’ll be interested to see if they manage to get beyond, “we get all your purchases and know they are from one person, but not exactly who it is without checking” to “every purchase is encrypted and sent directly to card processors and we have no ability to figure out if two purchases were even made by the same phone or individual”, which again would probably require some investment in better architecture from the credit card companies themselves.
@_date: 2014-04-11 01:31:42
My number is higher, that means I win, right?
@_date: 2014-04-11 01:22:18
Not an indictment, just tying to understand:
So, a month ago you said you were [down ~$1000](
The price then was ~max $850, so if your comment about being down from $7K -&gt; $6K was correct, you then went and added at least $62,000... Is my math right on that? 
Worse, that would have been right after you made [this comment]( about having addictions... presumably gambling.
If that analysis is true in any way (I hope its not!), it would probably be best to cash out the remaining ~$28K and get some help...
@_date: 2014-02-17 01:26:20
To your edit, [this article]( explains the bug itself, and the way it could cause someone to think they had not paid when they had. The problems with MtGox specifically are explained and speculated [here]( with a high level of technical detail (including some interesting insight into how shoddy their code base actually was for keeping track of these types of things).
edit: by the way, the author of the second link has a different opinion of whether this is a technical challenge or a fundamental problem with insolvency as I have presented it. While I would advocate planning for the worst, they make an excellent point that it *could* just be a major technical challenge combined with an incredibly "tone-deaf" response to their customers. If MtGOX wanted to clear everything up, it would be trivial for them to safely prove that they have enough bitcoin to cover every deposit. I take the fact that they haven't done this - along with their deliberate attempt to "pass the buck" to the bitcoin protocol - to imply that they are having more than just "technical difficulties" relating to the bug, and that over the past several months attackers have been slowly draining their hot wallet... possibly even prompting them to re-add coins from cold storage only to have those drained as well.
@_date: 2014-02-12 17:55:38
Not only this, but the marginal cost for processing transactions in a centralized trust based system is *much lower* than using the decentralized Bitcoin protocol due to the proof of work requirements. 
Basically, even if Bitcoin provides enough competition to force fees down, the current establishment could always *choose* to undercut the transaction fees* from the distributed payment system and still make a profit equal to slightly less than the equipment and electricity cost of collectively running the distributed network. 
*Note that while fees are currently very low, that is offset by high inflation (~10% annually). Once the reward is lower in 3-5-10 years, either transaction fees will need to rise, or the inherent security of the network will decline (because it would be less expensive for someone to subsidize the cost of mining to push out "for profit minors" in order to perform an attack). 
@_date: 2014-06-18 03:32:56
I'm certainly not saying that it *couldn't* work, but it seems like any solution to the problem (that isn't just let things go the way they are now) should fix the incentives problems that are introduced by the current  protocol design rather than just running an arms race against centralization being more efficient in many many many conditions.
Does bitcoin really need a hash-rate that is more than 5,000x all of the worlds supercomputers combined? All of the dangers come from actors within the bitcoin space already... Its seems like a better solution would be significantly reduced mining rewards (and some way to limit the incentives from growing with usage, which drive up the potential costs and the profits) so that it is slightly profitable, or at worst, a slight loss, for individual users to mine for the network to secure it rather than having a whole industry pouring its heart into defeating any system designed to prevent centralization to reap a share of the massive potential profits.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:51:37
This ruling isn't a law, it is their guidance on what the law does and did mean. The answer is a clear "yes" because this document shows that they think the law means "x", so if you did "y" for your taxes last year you could be subject to penalties. They will probably not go after anyone for a bit to allow people to file amended returns for previous years though.
@_date: 2014-06-12 21:15:17
Ya, I think this really proves how mind numbingly impossible these things are to visualize…. each address would have to have something like 80 billion billion billion private keys that “work” for it…
but even if all 8 billion people on the planet were individually guessing addresses at the speed of the bitcoin network at the current hash rate of ~100 PH/s, and they kept guessing for 1000 years, the chance that *any* two of the guesses would find the same address would be significantly less than the chance of *two* extinction event astroids hitting the earth within the next second. You just can’t visualize that kind of improbability.
@_date: 2014-05-08 00:57:18
We may have different view on what the majority of people would choose if given the chance (and therefore whether it is the will of the people or evil private banks asserting their will in current fiat systems), but that doesn't change the fact that Bitcoin is not fixed at 21 million coins.
@_date: 2014-03-19 22:08:45
I am no expert, but it seems like it is implemented so that you could sign something with the private parent key to prove your ownership. That would (I think) reveal the parent public key from which the descendant was derived, and allow trivial connection between all daughter keys derived from that parent.
I agree that one solution seems to be simply keeping many parents and not re-using daughters, but I am significantly worried about this:


I'm not sure if signing with the parent can be done without exposing the extended public keys, but that right there is enough to remind me why I don't speculate on novel potential uses crypto without "adult supervision"!
@_date: 2014-03-30 00:20:13
My understanding is that cooperation with the selfish miner is incentivized for most sized pools (only a problem if others join in as you say), but an attacker that controls 33% of the network could initiate an attack to control the chain on their own.
If a selfish mining attack can be performed with 33% of the network, then no attacker would ever waste effort time going for 51%, and so 33% would be the relevant cutoff for security. I also agree with Gavin, even achieving 33% of the bitcoin network is not very practical (without cooperation), but it *is* an attack vector requiring less than 50%.
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:30:37
Out of curiosity, what would it take for you to recognize the legitimacy of a government? 
Do you recognize a "right" of property and contracts? If so, would your acceptance of government shift if it was structured slightly differently so the government (or some figure within the government) holds the property rights to the country, and at the age of majority requires you to explicitly sign a contract to follow the "rules"/laws in order to continue to live within the boarders on that property? This changes the moral relationship into a consensual one (same as with a landlord/tenant), but without changing any of the practical realities of governance or policy.
I guess you could claim a moral high ground that you aren't "on your knees" though...
@_date: 2014-03-02 14:58:57
Get you to visit web sight. Website installs malicious code, steals the wallets and site credentials of people known to be part of the Bitcoin economy.
In fact, both of those emails have "downloads", so they might even be hoping you'll install the virus directly.
@_date: 2014-06-13 14:21:54
No. That is a misunderstanding of what it means to have a 51% attack on the network. It is not someone just hoping that they will mine 6 blocks in a row...
@_date: 2014-06-07 05:02:17
It works just fine [until it doesn't](
The problem is that the small predictable wins draw you in without actually realizing that you are risking more than you probably would if you were considering a single all or nothing bet. 
The total odds are exactly the same, but you are just betting a much higher amount of money without realizing it because the bets grow exponentially and losing streaks do come along more often than expected. 
The longest recorded roulette streak is ~32 consecutive reds. With the martingale strategy on a $1 bet, you would have had to bet more than 17 *billion* dollars to come out ahead against that streak and win a single $1. Most people aren't planning for or considering that kind of loss when they place a $1 martingale strategy bet, which makes it kind of dangerous.
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:25:33
Actually, I think there is a flaw in your argument here.
The regulatory burden did *not* prevent Mt. Gox from starting up (nor many of the other incompetent companies that have vanished with money), so why would you say that it would prevent a *more competent* company from taking over?
I predict that the answer is that Mt. Gox (likely) acted illegally under the regulatory scheme, but that is further proof that companies at that base level of competency *should not be allowed to exist*.
Furthermore, the argument that regulations stymied the opening of new exchanges does not explain why *many* knowledgeable individuals did not move to the *much better* exchanges that *did exist*. Why not?
Without regulation, there may have been a few exchanges better than Gox, but there would have *also* been *many many more* that were worse. If people already couldn't chose between Gox and the better ones that currently exist, what makes you think they would choose the *smaller* % of "good" exchanges in an unregulated environment?
@_date: 2014-04-11 01:49:50


Well, for starters, it has a cost of $40 *per transaction* to secure the network and the miners are *still* losing money. 
Some coin needs to come up with a managed currency that can control the money supply based on price so that bubbles/adoption don't drive the mining incentives to insane* levels.
\* sure the difficulty will adjust downward, but to get reasonable fees once inflation dies down in a decade, 90+% of the miners will have to disappear... What happens to all of those mining ASIC's? They are specialized hardware and can't really be repurposed, and no alt coins use the same algorithm... There would be enough supper cheap (unprofitable) mining hardware out there to 51% the network 10 times over!
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:22:42
I did mean to indict the whole comment chain, and throwaway does seem to imply equivalency (literally/figuratively) but your right, that could have been better aimed.
@_date: 2014-03-04 19:18:12
In the original leaked document, their liabilities were:
 * 624,408 BTC (Customers)
 * 120,000 BTC ( MtGox)
 * =744,408 BTC missing (well, besides the ~2000 remaining in the "hot wallet)
However, just a week or two later they filed for Bankruptcy and said that they were missing:
 * ~750,000 Customer BTC
 * ~100,000 GOX BTC
 * = ~850,000 BTC missing
The idea would be that at some point, they had 90 "real" customer coins, and 10 "real" coins that they owned. Then, they sold an additional 100 "fake" coins into the market driving down the price, creating 200 GoxCoins. People got worried and started to withdraw their coins, but but after only 100 coins had been taken out, the remaining 90+10 are "missing" without having been stolen by anyone. (Explaining the apparent lack of evidence on the blockchain).
There are a number of other potential explanations for the "extra" 100,000 BTC missing,  but *one* explanation is that they "sold" their customers an extra 100,000 BTC that didn't exist in order to exchange fiat in people's accounts for **additional** "missing" BTC liabilities that could be "explained away" as having been stollen... There isn't a justifiable explanation for the missing fiat besides outright fraud, and they may have been attempting to cover that up. I imagine that they were hoping that when the music stopped, they would have exchanged all of the "missing fiat" for "missing bitcoins" that could be pinned on malleability or hackers.
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:39:11
Last time I watched Coinbase and Bitstamp together when there was exceedingly low volume, Coinbase was a bit delayed, but when a price level held at $X for awhile with no new transactions, Coinbase was exactly X + $0.03 within ~5 minutes. They might take advantage of a quick dip or rise when they can, but they don't have $5 of built in buffer.
@_date: 2014-10-05 17:31:25
I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt that you didn’t see this, but homeboy *is* using leverage and so he does have to worry about margin maintenance. In fact, he specifically states:


See that? He *doesn’t even know what his maintenance or liquidation point* ***is***. By one estimate using his numbers, it could be as soon as $250, a mere $25 below today’s low. Still think he can manage to just “hold on”?


He has no responsibility for that now, his family can try and rebuild the assets in whatever way they see fit, including Bitcoin if they choose. Any attempt to stay in the market at this point is just him trying to save face and not have to own up to his *huge mistake* by risking even *more* of their money. How could that possibly be ethical!? 
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:30:08
Do you think that the gold standard was "stable" when it had a high market share?
@_date: 2014-06-17 22:12:01
You know there is nothing intrinsic to Bitcoin that couldn't be copied by credit cards, right? Public key crypto is no fancy exotic thing. Modern (read: European) credit cards already use a cryptographic challenge/response for in-person transactions which essentially eliminates card cloning, and those systems (and the incentives to actually use them) are coming to the U.S. within a year. 
That system could be easily extended to online purchases using NFC or low energy bluetooth. Yes, many credit cards (especially in the U.S) are archaic, and that is likely why OP's card was declined at a location that generally uses more secure technologies.
@_date: 2014-03-02 20:55:09


Well, the original theory was that people were selling coins to be in fiat which would be more likely to be returned in a bankruptcy. However, with GOX's own numbers, it appears that people were actually holding coins:fiat at a ratio of 8:1 (based on "real" BTC prices). This seems to blow that hypothesis out of the water.
For the alternative hypothesis, remember that that the crisis strategy "draft" claimed ~750k coins missing and was prepared the week before the shutdown. In filing for bankruptcy protection Gox now claimes 850K coins missing.
Sounds a lot like an extra 100k nonexistent coins got sold into the market during the final week of trading so that Mark's Fiat liabilities would be significantly lower (as a lot of people decided to hold the cheap Goxcoin instead of fiat). As a bonus, it enticed believers in GOX to send Fiat to buy Goxcoins for 80% off the market price, further increasing the cash the company had at when the music died. This also explains the discrepancy in the market exchange rates for USD --&gt; BTC --&gt; Goxcoin at Bitcoinbuilder vs USD --&gt; Goxcoin at Gox. The values were 20-30% off for an extended time. Now it makes sense, the selling of fake Goxcoin for USD on Gox depressed the USD price of the coins below the "true" market rate for Goxcoin expressed by Bitcoinbuilder.
@_date: 2014-04-11 23:07:18
I haven't looked into the allegations for Neo&amp;Bee, but generally defrauding *investors* is handled quite differently (and more seriously) than failing to provide a service to *customers*.
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:10:45
The public address is uniquely tied to (and I believe generated from) the unique private key. If the public address was the same, the private key would be the same as well. From a practical standpoint, the "generation" of addresses I was referring to would be generating a private key and associated address and then checking it against all of the other addresses that had been generated so far to see if any of them are the same.
@_date: 2014-05-19 14:24:31
Hooray! My Neo&amp;Bee shares *aren't* worthless after all!
@_date: 2014-03-29 23:39:53
A clever attacker would simply push the hash rate high enough that they (and everyone else) were mining at a loss (whatever was acceptable for them) until other miners couldn't sustain the bleeding and dropped out. Once they controlled ~33% of the network (not 51%) they could then perform a selfish miner attack.
@_date: 2014-02-21 13:38:25
I was using "inefficient" as an economic term referring to the deadweight loss from lowered investment due to a market failure. You can say, "well, thats a good thing" but the term has a technical definition which cannot be hand-waved away.
We could use your reasoning to support *many other* policies, regardless of merit. For example, a turbin tax increases market friction and therefore lowers potential returns and "actually promotes more intelligent allocation of capital by raising the risks for blind speculation.". Increased taxes? The same. "Windfall" tax? That would cut into the profits for speculation in particular and would do more to curb it than any of policy suggested so far. 
None of this addresses whether any of these are a *good policy*, the same as with insider trading... its just stating one *potential and theoretical* good result and ignoring the costs.
@_date: 2014-10-04 15:43:24
Remember that thread about the guy who lost a million dollar inheritance, half of it his sister’s money? That was at ~$800 per coin and everyone told him to just get out... Except for a few brave souls that told him if he only held on a little longer it could get better.
Fuck you for playing on his hopes and dreams that he can fix this. He can’t. He still has more invested than he can afford to lose, and the only way to fix that problem, *which he has created* by going too far in, is to *get out*. Now more than ever since he is in debt (morally) to the rest of his family, just like @_date: 2014-03-17 05:38:31
According to [this]( it never had anything to do with "folding" and evolved separately from the suffix "-feald".
Also, people are sloppy with their language! Here is another mind bending usage: 


@_date: 2014-03-17 03:51:32
Why would anyone bet until the minute before betting closed? Betting early seems like it would forgo any new information for no advantage if the odds change with the news...
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:19:06
Keep in mind that investing in the bitcoin economy is absolutely *rife* with scams, and you will have little to no recourse if someone disappears with your coins. Caveat emptor and all that.
That said, if you want to invest in *something*, the easiest is probably just-dice.com There is no personal information required, no minimum or maximum investment and you become part of the site’s bankroll. Basically, you and the other investors are taking on the role of the “house” for a casino, earning 0.9% *on average* from the 1% house “edge” (the site owner takes 10% of net profits).
It is owned by a pretty well known and respected member of the community, and has operated for about a year so far. You can invest or pull your money out strait to the blockchain in literally seconds whenever you want, but the private keys are not under your control (obviously). They are very open and post weekly investment balances and publish their cold wallet address to prove reserves. According to the owner, annual investment returns last year were ~42% (paid in real time in bitcoin), but I don't think that takes into account compounding returns if you leave the gains invested.
Keep in mind though, while you do have the law of large numbers going for you, there can be a lot of variance. Recently a whale took a big chunk of their bankroll, ~10-13% two weeks in a row. Obviously, that was recouped eventually as it is part of the 42% return, but don’t expect that things can only go up just because the odds are (slightly) in your favor.
@_date: 2014-06-14 00:23:43
Yes, because since there are two of them, it means you can only double it... Wow.
It re-adjusts every 1-2weeks at 10 minute confirmation times. At 10% of the hashrate that is 100 minutes per block, which means 5 months to get to the adjustment. If you are alternating blocks, that means a 10 minute scrypt block, then a 100 minute SHA2 block. That's an average of just about 1 hour per block, well more than double...
@_date: 2014-10-04 18:39:58
Unfortunately, the family probably has a better chance of getting some money back if someone does take it from OP and decides to play Robin Hood. He is long on margin and doesn’t even know where his liquidation point is.
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:36:18
That certainly does a great job giving motivation and context to why and how Mark dug himself in too deep.
I certainly wondered why, if struggling financially, Mark wouldn't exercise his effective arbitrage monopoly on the exchange to make the money back. That he was trying to "buy back" the lost "paper" Bitcoins on his own exchange makes a lot of sense.
It seems like no other theory can explain the massive fiat gap in addition to the missing bitcoins. As an additional touch, perhaps Mark didn't have the necessary 424,242.42424242 bitcoins to prove his solvency in 2011 and asked the previous GOX owner, [Jed McCaleb]( to loan him some coins to prove it. Everyone is chasing down big 50,000 coin pots only a few transactions away from that "proof" transaction on the assumption that Gox wouldn't have any reason to transfer coins from that transaction back to another person.
It would make sense that Jed might have leant Mark the coins for the "proof" transaction, then they were transferred rapidly back to cold storage under Jed's control. They aren't and never were Gox coin, but everyone is assuming they were because they sit so close to that "proof" transaction that we assumed was legitimate.
@_date: 2014-02-04 23:51:18
Everything has risk. If you are more certain about bitcoin to the extent that it is worth the lower return, then more power to ya. I was just pointing out that you should consider the opportunity cost when making the "all or nothing" decision.
@_date: 2014-02-16 23:15:36
This is so full of irony.
 * Bitcoin is needed to replace banks because the current banks won't give loans. Instead, Bitcoin will replace banks and *nobody* will give loans because its expensive as hell to pay back loans in a deflationary currency.
 * Bitcoin will circumvent that nasty regulation, but banks shouldn't be allowed to make commonsense decisions about creditworthiness outside of strictly regulated parameters.
 * antitrust breach of free trade - lolwhut? Bank sees someone investing at high volume in an extremely volatile commodity and is worried that if bitcoin goes bust, so will the loan repayment. Seems like a pretty reasonable choice to let them make for themselves *Mr. Free Market*
@_date: 2014-03-02 21:30:04
Probably depends on how good the record keeping was and if anyone had or knew anything about the balances/cold wallets/ etc. besides Mark. If he was smart, all that would be gone already for a reason with adequate plausible deniability... It would be really hard to prove anything without the internal records of both coins in the accounting system for customers *and* all the active wallets under Gox control.
Since this *is* Mark we're talking about, there is a good chance that he left evidence of this happening (if it did) based on a rapid rise in the total number of bitcoins stored in the system vs. the number staying the same or dropping on the Blockchain as people withdrew funds up to the lock-out (and then "accounting" coins continuing to rise vs. zero on the blockchain after that). 
This would be radically different than the official "story" of malleability which should have resulted in the internal books staying about equal for years leading up to the problem while the coins on the blockchain dropped to zero shortly before everyone panicked and tried to withdraw funds that weren't there. After that, there was nothing in or out, so the balances should be exactly the same ever since.
@_date: 2014-02-17 23:16:02
It was public information that 70,000+ coins were stuck in withdrawal transactions before they shut down the API. That the wallet was miss-spending up to 70,000 BTC means they could have lost up to that many (or less if transactions are made up of many inputs and small inputs were missing). 
Just proving that they have that many would be huge, saying: "if your funds were stuck in failed withdrawal transactions, they weren't actually stollen (leaving us thinking they were still there) we have them in cold storage and here is a signed message from one of our cold storage wallets with more coins than the que". This would be momentous and instantly alleviate some % of the pressure because everyone assumes a high % of coins had been withdrawn and got stuck (and that the stuck transactions themselves indicate that a high fraction of the hot wallet was stollen... possibly leading them to add back in the cold storage coins because they have no clue what they are doing.
@_date: 2014-03-19 06:38:45
Your numbers don't mean what you think they mean.
I have a debt of $100 and annual earnings of $1000. If the growth rate for my income is 5% and my growth rate in debt is 10%, I do not have a negative growth rate, nor is my growth entirely based on taking on debt!  (100*.01 &lt; 1000 * 0.05).
But I still don't get what (if anything) this has to do with the Fed, which doesn't control the issuing of U.S. debt....
@_date: 2014-02-10 06:08:30
Regardless of the math, your concession is the best comeback I've ever heard.
@_date: 2014-04-11 00:57:10
Actually, if you bought on Bitstamp at the high that day (~260) and sold at the time of this post (~353) on the same market, you just barely beat out the S&amp;P's returns for 2013 which were ~30%, plus a 2% dividend.
Far from best, if this trend continues it will be, "Less than average".
@_date: 2014-02-17 02:38:21
Haha, ya, the news has been moving extremely quickly. One interesting note: that second article is actually speculation from *before* the whole issue came to light. I think its one of the core developers and they were practically 100% accurate on the technical details which only came out several days after his post.
@_date: 2014-05-13 03:49:53
Good news for you!
In almost all graduate PHD programs in the physical sciences (in the US), you will be paid a stipend in addition to them paying your tuition (but not necessarily school fees). Furthermore, most schools will just have you apply for the PHD program and get the stipend even if you only end up with a Masters. Initially it will be compensation for teaching labs (Teaching Assignment - TA), and then you will have the opportunity to get paid to do your research if your advisor has grant money for your project (Research Assignment - RA).
Even if you don't get on an RA, you will have the ability to continue receiving funding through the TA (which sucks time away from your research, ~10-15 hours a week), but still pays the bills. Different schools provide different levels of stipend, so that can also be a factor with which school you choose. I don't actually know the levels for physics, but chemistry/biochemistry pay 15-30K a year on top of tuition, with better schools generally paying better stipends.
Check out [here]( or search for "graduate school physics stipends".
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:09:23
There certainly are exchanges that have made this statement! Mt. GOX is the first one that comes to mind....
@_date: 2014-04-10 02:50:15
Just how big is that market demand? If there are so many people who want those laws to go away, why haven't they been repealed? I don't doubt that there are many people who do, but I also think that people with an ideological bias tend to *vastly* overestimate the number of people who support their own position.
Many people will tell you they are totally for free markets and bitcoin-esque principles right up until they truly understand the implications of being your own bank, directly and personable responsible for securing your life savings, or the downsides of irreversible transactions.
@_date: 2014-04-08 19:59:21
Well, 2FA (and most security really) requires a secure band to set up a shared secret to be used in the future. The use case for 2FA and even passwords is not (and never was) securing you against attacks performed while setting up your account, it is for authenticating you securely from insecure locations and specifically inhibiting replay attacks which would otherwise be possible if your computer or login security is breached at some point in the future.
There are plenty of well known attacks that 2FA is unable to defend against. For example, a man-in-the-middle attack, especially now that an attacker could easily steal the server's private certificate key through heartblead and impersonate the server to you during an attempted login.
These are also weaknesses in 2FA (which certainly isn't the "end-all-be-all" of security), but not exactly "major flaws" because they are entirely outside of what it was designed to protect against.
@_date: 2014-03-02 23:10:29
I completely agree. Here is another way to test this theory: [ask the users]( if they were moving from BTC --&gt;$$ for safety (driving down the price naturally), or if they were buying up cheap (fake) BTC leaving their $$ being held by Gox themselves...
@_date: 2014-03-19 08:18:47
The treasury issues debt. Yes, they have been issuing additional debt and thus increasing it. 
The Federal Reserve does *not* issue debt. I'm not sure who the "they're" is in your statement. If it is the treasury (by the order of Congress), you are correct. If you mean the Fed, you are incorrect.
Every dollar the Fed adds to the system is balanced by an asset they hold (because buying those assets is the only way they get money into the system!). If they were to, say, burn the treasury bonds they had so that the treasury never had to pay those bonds pack (i.e. monetize the debt), then the assets would no longer balance with the excess money supply and they would have directly traded federal treasury debt for excess money supply that they could not remove, which isn't *really* debt, but in the interests of getting some sleep, I'll even let you call it that.
So, the fed traded (newly created) money for assets like treasury bonds, and as long as they hold those, they haven't  changed the overall balance of debt (because they could sell those assets back and take back the money they created). If they threw those assets away (like by telling the treasury they didn't have to pay back those bonds) then that would be monetizing the federal debt, and trading "treasury debt" for "money supply debt", but *still* not adding *additional* debt (by even your definition) to the system.
@_date: 2014-10-04 21:57:16
RemindMe! 12 hours “are we there yet?"
@_date: 2014-03-19 00:21:27
Well, if thats the case, they really suck at it... After making [77.7 billion]( in profit for 2013, they sent 100% of that to the treasury of the United States... Maybe they are just really bad at being a secret money stealing cabal?
Even if we assumed that they had $0 in expenses and skimmed all of the reported expenses as profit, they only kept 5.7 billion, or ~7%... A voluntary 93% tax rate... maybe they should impeach [Dr. Evil]( off their co-conspirator panel.
@_date: 2014-05-30 04:57:26
For students. Sign up with a .edu email address from one of several hundred approved institutions and verify a phone.
@_date: 2014-03-02 01:40:38
The genius of Karpeles: those who lost out have largely lost:
 * what they can afford to lose on a speculative investment
 * far more than they could afford to lose, leaving them in a poor position to pay for a flight to Japan, much less take time off of work...
@_date: 2014-05-16 21:01:50
Step three is an IPO while your user base is still growing at 10-100% annually.
If you are the one buying the tech ipo, the second and third step are, "sell to the greater fool before growth inevitably flattens off and everyone remembers how hard it is to turn free *users* into *profit*"
I'm sure there is a lesson in there somewhere, but I just can't put my finger on it.
@_date: 2014-02-24 12:08:09
In the case of a collision, the one that was generated second would have the keys to the first, and thus would be able to spend any bitcoin that had been transferred in. This is the vulnerability of all public key encryption - that there is always the smallest chance that you could find the key by brute force guess and check.
@_date: 2014-06-13 20:08:02
No. With 51% of the power, an attacker can *always* outpace the network just by running longer even if they have an incredibly unlikely streak of bad luck. See my comment [here](
@_date: 2014-03-03 00:49:42
Theory: He didn't have the coins, so he called in a favor from Gox's previous owner [Jed McCaleb]( then transferred them right back into Jeb's cold storage where they have remained since 2011, waiting to be discovered by all of the reddit blockchain explorers who have found hundreds of thousands of coins sitting in addresses associated with addresses that paid into the "proof" transaction, or received funds from it. Upon finding these, the explorers have assumed that those addresses represent the Gox cold storage rather than the truth that those are Jeb's addresses that sent coin to help Mark and the return addresses where Mark sent back the coins he borrowed to "prove" his solvency.
@_date: 2014-02-20 22:31:34
Isn't he an investor in GOX? Also, he may have *been* credible before [last summer](
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:49:23
Even libertarians have answered these questions in the same way that society has.
Here's a unique problem solved solely by initiative threats of violence: property and by extension capitalism.
Even in a fully libertarian society, most would recognize the right to *initiate* violence against another to enforce property rights. For example, I walk into an orchard and eat an apple. I am not initiating violence on anyone, and in fact, removing me *by force* is initiating violence against me! But libertarians put up with this *moral violation of the non aggression principle* because without it, you cannot accumulate property outside of what you can physically occupy/protect at any given moment. This makes the vast benefits of capitalism and individual incentives workable, and is therefore a reasonable *moral compromise*. 
Many people see other areas where the same moral compromise can produce further gains and consider those worth while as well. Don't pretend like Libritarians are somehow on the moral high-ground though, there is some societal good (capitalism) which justifies violation of the NAP to make it possible. Oh sure, Loche tried to make it consistent with *his own society* by claiming you were mixing your life force into the land by adding labor to it, making a violation of your *land* a violation of your *life force*... but as modern materialists who recognize the absence of souls and voodoo, we should at least recognize that its a flimsy justification (or at least one that is at least *as consistent with communism*... don't they also have some metaphysical theory about mixing labor with something meaning you should fundamentally *own* a portion of it?)
@_date: 2014-06-17 22:49:12
This is a really nice tool for policing decentralized miners pointing their hardware at centralized pools.
However, couldn't centralized and cloud mining services like Ghash still run hardware they control (~25-35%?) on a unique pool that would still be under their control, but not show up as part of their pool of distributed miners? In this way, they could still control &gt;51% of the network and remain undetected even by tools like this.
@_date: 2014-02-16 23:45:35
Not exactly double spending, but something that could let you trick someone into paying you twice.
They put the money on the counter, you snag it quickly and put it in your pocket and say, "hey, you haven't paid me yet". If they don't watch at the right time (in the right way) and if they don't check their wallet and see they are already missing the money, they say, "oh, sorry, here you go" and pay you *again*.
The vulnerability was what allowed you to snag the money quickly while making it look like the table was empty as long as they weren't watching closely during the first transaction.
@_date: 2014-03-02 14:40:23


This is *exactly* right. Everyone trying to justify things by saying that Gox just lost access to their cold wallets (by government seizure or otherwise) can't explain why they have been getting progressively worse over such a prolonged period of time, or especially that it started with *fiat* issues instead of bitcoin. It seems undeniable that they have been lying to customers while still accepting deposits of all types.
While you might be able to explain some of the evidence with extreme stupidity (i.e., not isolating their cold wallet from the hot and *never* checking their total balance of coins), things like the missing 30M in fiat practically guarantee some form of malfeasance. Et seems infinitely more likely that they have known they were having problems and they were attempting to continue their enterprise through fractional reserve and arbitrage... They started out holding Fiat, then Bitcoins reserves hostage while hoping that future deposits and arbitrage would fill the gap enough to continue operating. Even their recent "Crisis Draft" indicates a willingness to arbitrage and fractal reserve themselves back to health after getting a magical industry sponsored bailout, so it shouldn't be surprising that they had already come to terms with these practices as a matter of course to keep their doors open for as long as they could keep the issues hidden.
I'm really sorry for your misfortune, and especially that your own patience with their slow processes left you trapped in their system. I completely agree that they have been operating in bad faith and basically been a scam attempting to save their own ass from whatever calamity they created at the cost of worse losses for their customers. It's completely despicable, and they owe you a full explanation for what actually happened... Unfortunately, that explanation would almost certainly involve admission of their own deliberate and calculated fraud, making an honest and direct statement extremely unlikely.
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:47:14
No, it lined up with *nothing*, even the post that the receptionist told protestors that GOX had physically moved was significantly before the drop.
The real key for insider trading is that its obvious the announcement was priced in. Even the address change wouldn't 100% alert the market that GOX was going to "soon" all over themselves again.
@_date: 2014-05-07 03:22:21
This chart is really great so long as you understand the assumptions.  
Because the "baseline growth" is explicitly set by the low after the bubble, the time where the price is falling after a bubble will *always* look like it is about to take off. If the price drops lower, the chart is adjusted so the new low is the lower boundary. The guy who makes these has explained it and made that explicit, but it should be pointed out when linking to the daily updates for people not already familiar with them.
@_date: 2014-02-20 08:18:56
It's a hypothesis that could explain the actions they have taken. I can't imagine the motivation for it... The fact that it makes no sense strongly implicates the first hypothesis though.
The funny thing is that they really *should* just disappear with the money... but if they were going to do that, they would just say, "yep, everything is fine". So my highest probability rating would be that they are planning to file for bankruptcy protection and therefore need to have not made any provably false statements.
edit: that is, try to be a ponzi scheme without making any false statements and filing for bankruptcy if/when that doesn't work.
@_date: 2014-06-13 23:04:02
Are you kidding? Are you not familiar with the varience in confirmation times? Block 305658  just took two minutes to compute, so obviously the difficulty is 1/5 what it needs to be and should be adjusted immediately!
@_date: 2014-03-30 01:00:46
Lets say I control 33% of the network, so on average I mine every third block. But if I were to withhold one of the blocks that I mined, starting work on the next one, then there is some chance I could find another block before anyone else has found the first right? I could even predict how often I would be able to do that based on the ratio of hashing power for finding 2, 3, or y pre-mined blocks.
Well, I ignore mining revenue in the meantime and hope to mine two consecutive blocks. Once I do, I can start working on the *third* block until someone finds and releases the first. As soon as they do, I can release my two blocks, securing the longest chain (my two against their one) while still being ahead of the network by whatever I mined on the third block.
Now, I don't know the exact specifics of the attack, but you could definitely use it to run ahead of, and then keep ahead of the chain, wasting other's hash rate which increases *your* effective % of the total to something above 33% (which you could calculate on average). I'm not sure if the 33% number could be bumped to 50% *effective* hash rate to let you continue indefinitely, or if you just get an average of "x" confirmations ahead based on "y" pre-mined blocks, but it should be pretty easy to calculate an average success ratio. I haven't read the paper yet, so maybe it requires some amount of hash power between 33% and 51% to fully and totally control the chain indefinitely.
Also, while not a simple or one off attack, - if all miners have similar costs, simply guaranteeing yourself a disproportionate share of the profits with selfish miner would allow you to force other miners out and/or build your own portion of the network disproportionately over time, even without cooperation.
@_date: 2014-03-22 20:28:25
As someone who is interested in bitcoin for the technology, but doesn't think that the the Fed is evil incarnate, I can't agree enough.
@_date: 2014-03-17 00:06:51


Maybe for a few more years while inflation is still high, but it currently costs ~$44 a transaction to secure the network, 99% of which is a hidden cost. 
Even assuming that mining revenue (security) drops significantly over the next 10 years, the fact that the protocol doesn't scale to high (visa level) transaction volumes means that revenue can't be dramatically improved by spreading the costs among more transactions. This practically ensures that fees will need to rise dramatically as inflation slows, making micro transactions at best competitive with credit cards, and potentially much worse...
@_date: 2014-06-19 13:07:33
More profitable than shutting down the network would be to just use the 50%+ power to take an outsized chunk of the mining rewards. This doesn't even have to be obvious as it would already be expected that a large pool would have fewer orphaned blocks, always "winning" out against other chains when there are competing blocks.
Even without trying to attack the network, that small extra advantage should incentivize miners to join the largest network. With just a little extra effort they could turn that small advantage into a big one.
I for one welcome our new benevolent mining monopoly overlords.
Edit: Actually, they may be doing this already! The second largest mining pool [had 4 orphaned blocks]( within the last 2016. That's about 1.5% of their hash power flushed right down the toilet (plus any time they spent mining on the orphan itself). In addition, CloudHashing lost ~3.1%, Bitminter lost ~3.5%, and AntPool lost ~7.7%. Ouch!
@_date: 2014-02-24 05:58:43
Potentially the understatement of the century!
As an exercise in visualization, if the entire population of the world each individually generated and tested bitcoin addresses at the rate that the entire current Bitcoin network generates hashes, and they all did that for 1000 years, then the probability of a *single* collision would be roughly equivalent to the chance that the earth will be hit by an astroid the size of the one that killed the dinosaurs *within the next 1 second*
@_date: 2014-02-20 08:47:06
IANAL but I don't see why there would be. Mark is the sole proprietor and he could have literally declared a "dividend" of all of their liquid funds to the sole shareholder (himself) and that would be probably legal (there might be some rule about this if it was recent, I don't know... but if he did it over time and just depleted the accounts that way? no problem).
If he didn't or couldn't plunder everything there *might* be an investigation into the total company assets just enough to reclaim some for creditors (and *maybe* some customers as well), but the vast majority of assets are stored in bitcoin cold wallets which would be trivial to hide from any accountant by just saying, "sorry, hacked!"
@_date: 2014-09-12 02:10:24
I was not aware of that. However, it does look like using the google version makes you ineligible for bonus card rewards (3% for gas or groceries, etc.) and gives your purchase history to Google (fundamentally a marketing company itself) while the Apple presentation implied that you will still get all the same cashback bonuses and that Apple won’t see your purchase history at all. Both improvements to the core concept at least.
@_date: 2014-02-21 00:13:05
Yes, which is exactly what you would expect if there were problems with *both* liquidity and banking partners, and GOX convinced Ver that it was *only* banking problems... only to continue to struggle with liquidity until they couldn't maintain the fiction any longer.
@_date: 2014-06-08 19:16:23
In addition to this, if that file was stored on an SSD or any type of flash memory, it is even more difficult to wipe. Flash wears out when you re-write a file over and over again, so almost all modern versions have firmware "wear leveling" logic that says, "well, the operating system *told* me to write in x location, but that location just got used. I'll just tell them I put it at "x", but really stick it over in location y instead since that hasn't been used as much yet".
This is completely transparent to your operating system, and prevents you from being able to overwrite individual files *at all*. Instead, you must fill up every available bit of free space *simultaneously* to force the disk to re-write everything regardless of wear leveling.
@_date: 2014-03-21 18:23:45
How about moral hazard? If there was no legal liability for receiving stolen goods, individuals have no incentive to scrutinize their transactions to weed out illegal ones. This makes fencing stolen goods and money *much* easier and more profitable rustling in more crime.
Furthermore, it would make protecting stolen assets trivially easy. I stole a million dollars, then "bought" a million dollar napkin doodle from my friend. If I am caught, they can't recoup the money from my friend who then helps me pay for my lawyer fees and buys me prison swag until I get out and we split whats left over.
It makes very little sense from a societal standpoint to shield stolen goods from being recouped, it just makes it easier to commit and profit from crime and basically impossible to recover the stollen assets even if you catch the perp.
@_date: 2014-02-24 07:35:39
It sounds like it can be done, but that there are no "user friendly" solutions if you don't want to author the transaction yourself at great risk.
What about an alternate option - you could encrypt the private key of each wallet individually, then give them multiple copies of the encrypted files (or embed them on the blockchain if you really wanted to). Then set up several "future mailing" services like ["Future-me"]( to send the decryption keys at certain times.
The services do not have to be "secure" because the key is only valuable if you have (or know where to find on the blockchain) the associated encrypted wallet. You could also use several services that mail to multiple accounts so that the system is redundant against any one, or two, or "n" services failing.
Failing that, you could also see if any one has implemented an easy to use ["time locked cryptography"]( program and encrypt the wallet(s) that way.
@_date: 2014-10-04 18:49:32
You’d think so, but [its just horrible](
The guy was in so much denial that his desperate rationalizations were outright [disgusting](
@_date: 2014-02-04 22:58:55
Of course, if you took that 50k *right now* and put it in index funds, you would have a (relatively) low risk ~2 million by retirement. Ya, but a gamble for 200-450k is probably the smart move instead...
@_date: 2014-08-19 04:07:02
Shouldn’t all dividends from cloud mining be paid from recent coinbase transactions? I get that GHash.io and others let you sell and buy mining with older coins, but it seems like it would be pretty trivial for users to demand that the accounts for buying/selling and paying dividends be kept separate in order to ensure that the service has enough coins originating from coinbase transactions to actually pay out their stated dividends.
@_date: 2014-03-19 20:33:21
Thats a really good point, I hadn't thought about it like that.
@_date: 2014-06-17 22:40:12
You still get a scaling problem with POH once the incentives get high enough. Someone will build a data center next to a nuclear power plant on the ocean (see, Fukushima) and use off-peak power to produce extremely cheap heat that they can efficiently dump into the ocean.
I think there is a more fundamental problem that causes the scaling issue: as usage increases, the reward for mining goes up *too much*. The high and rising reward incentivizes industries around breaking whatever system you put in place. Change the incentives instead.
One option would be a variable block reward. Perhaps some mechanism for measuring how much "security" the network "needs", and increasing the block reward when it needs more, and decreasing it when it needs less.
Another (probably impractical) solution would be something like the Hyak Coin posted here some time ago. I think it used a decentralized consensus of the exchange rate to "fix" the price of individual coins to some external reference, and accounted for changes in value by scaling the number of coins in each user's wallet instead. (Yes, weird for users to get their heads around). This would keep the block reward extremely stable, and transfers the mining incentive from "mine and sell" to "mine and hold", similar to your proof of savings.
@_date: 2014-06-09 00:00:28
This has nothing to do with transferring money into an exchange. Options have inherent leverage based on what position you buy. You are not borrowing money or bitcoins from anyone (though you can do that *also* to increase your returns up to another factor of two.)
@_date: 2014-03-02 23:24:23
I can't see how they would do multi signature escrow if you could withdraw the coins yourself with the backup "cold storage" key.
The whole point is that they can only decide to authorize (with their key) the transaction to the buyer. In order to act as an effective escrow service, they also need to be able to deny you access to your coins while they are in escrow (or you could just withdraw them as soon as the buyer's payment goes through). The only options are that they transfer the escrow to *their account* (which defeats the whole point of multi-sig escrow) or they hold one of the keys necessary for withdrawing the funds and you have no access to it.
@_date: 2014-02-24 06:56:42
Anyone who withdrawals bitcoin or fiat from them has done the same... so yes, maybe? In any case it is literally the only way to get anything out... I wouldn't hold your breath though, all you can do is wait and maybe spam the "report/support ticket" option to hope they get you verified quickly.
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:53:13
See [here](
Its based on the amount of revenue that bitcoin miners earn (at current market price) through fees and inflation of the currency. Currently inflation accounts for 95+% of that fee structure, but as inflation goes down, fees will have to rise or a huge proportion of miners will have to drop out of the network because they won't be profitable unless fees are an order of magnitude higher than they are now.
@_date: 2014-05-23 01:01:41
In exactly the same way it's kind of weird to ask for a prenuptial for handling assets "just in case we get divorced"?
It actually sounds like OP and his fiancé are having a reasonable discussion about assets and their value and distribution as part of some type of prenuptial arrangement anyway...
@_date: 2014-08-15 05:35:43
Karpeles did nothing wrong!
@_date: 2014-02-26 12:07:27
Ya, that and the document itself had to have been written by an inside source since it accurately predicted *both* the shutdown date and the registration of "gox.com"... What's your theory here? That an insider released the document with accurate non-public information, then staged the IRC with a distinctive cat + ID card for their new "offices" to give it legitimacy... somehow knowing that Mark wouldn't refute either of them... and why? So they could manipulate the market *more* than GOX shutting down entirely without notice or explanation? And Mark *hasn't* turned up to refute any of it, why? ***he is shy??***
@_date: 2014-03-17 04:51:42
The limit is set at ~7 transactions per second which equates to a blockchain growth of ~50 GB a year if I remember correctly.
At even 200 transactions per second (still only 1/10 of Visa's volume), the blockchain would be growing at ~1.5 Terabytes per year. Such a large growth significantly increases the costs for both nodes and mining. Already groups are [advocating]( for off-chain transaction solutions to prevent centralization. Unfortunately, off chain transactions do not pay for the decreasing mining revenue.
@_date: 2014-03-19 07:55:47
Monetization of the debt (i.e. printing money to pay back your debt) actually decreases debt, not increases it. It does this by increasing the money supply by the amount of debt monetized which causes inflation (but not more debt).
The Fed does own substantial holdings of treasuries (see the link above), but that debt is only monetized if they *never* sell it back to the market. The assets they hold are the tools that they have to reverse the expansion of the money supply by selling those assets back and removing the extra money they injected. If inflation starts to rise, they will (just like in the 80's) act to counter it by selling those treasuries to the market, reducing the money supply and inflation pressure.
The Fed has already expressed a desire to return their balance sheet to a "more normal" size, more in line with what it was before the extraordinary measures they took in 2009. The current tapering of the quantitative easing program is part of that goal as well.
@_date: 2014-05-16 20:37:46
So every transaction will cost 100 bits even if it's only sending 1 bit for someone to play with? That's just poor marketing. mBTC is much more useful since the base unit of account is about the size people are used to thinking of *and* transaction fees are 1/10 of the unit rather than 100 times larger.
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:18:11
It does. The problem is when both the non-expected id and the new transaction get confirmed in the Blockchain. Theoretically, if malleability is the only problem we should be able to find a bunch of duplicate transactions where at least one of the two isn't the id that Gox would have "expected", and thus re-sent the funds automatically.
@_date: 2014-11-02 01:32:05
Yes, they were wrong. Alchemists believed more or less that changing the surface properties of a substance changed the substance itself.
If you formed an [alloy]( that changed the color of metal to appear gold-like, they thought that was a step in the process of literally turning the initial compounds themselves *into gold*, and with a few other manipulations, they could change the other surface properties (hardness, density) as well to complete the “transformation”.
@_date: 2014-03-02 23:06:56
Fully agree. Look up 's theoretical cryptographic proof of total account liabilities, which could then be proved with signed messages from the exchanges wallets. It's not perfect either, but its one potential solution that elegantly solves the problem of reconciling how much they have with how much they (say they) owe without revealing any individual account balances.
@_date: 2014-03-19 08:02:20
Loans are never really "called in", having debt come due at the contracted time requires you to roll over the debt to new creditors at whatever rate they will give you. In this way, loans are never really cut off, the interest rate just rises until it is higher than your return on investment and then you really do have negative growth.
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:12:06
How is this at all relevant to the financial crisis? The bank didn't uphold its contract (because it kept bad records) and is being sanctioned by the court as a result.
Furthermore, as a result of regulation, the *systematic* problem of bad record keeping is also being punished rather than just the individual cases where their negligence caused harm. This provides a strong incentive to do thing "right" rather than attempting to cut corners on the *hope* that nothing bad will happen (i.e., the Mt. Gox approach)
@_date: 2014-06-17 23:00:16
You might enjoy [this](
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:02:09
The constitution sets itself up to be interpreted through the courts which helps demarcate the boundaries of congressional authority.
At least you can agree that none of our current ruling backed laws are then "unconstitutional" and certainly things like taxes are not "unjust" because remaining under the jurisdiction of that system is a free market transaction, right?
I do disagree with Spherius, there is a process laid out by the constitution to change the laws - or even the constitution itself if you feel the current interpretations should be changed - but by staying here you are agreeing to work within those constraints and be bound by the decisions in the interim. I think the intent is to point out that *some* libritarian's protestations that the system is "unjust" or "theft" or "unconstitutional" just because it disagrees with *their own* ethical philosophy (which they of course project into our founding document) is absurd on its own terms. 
If they disagree with the ethics and jurisdiction, they are not prevented from leaving and relinquishing that jurisdiction. Its the same way that a libertarian would say that you don't have to follow any one person's rules, you just have to follow them *on their property*, and you are free to leave that property if you don't wish to follow them - but don't you dare complain that the rent your landlord is charging you is "theft".
@_date: 2014-10-05 13:24:06
Dude, I hate to break it to you, but your Grandma didn’t cash out shit. She got liquidated in a margin call when her cash value fell to 20% of the portfolio and she couldn’t make margin maintenance any longer.
Ironically, that is exactly what is going to happen to this guy, and you are encouraging it. You are the stock broker in the story who kept your grandmother in the market all the way to the bitter end because he didn’t want to admit that he had put her into an over-levereaged position and thought he could “turn it around and come up on top”. Congratulations on becoming the thing you should rightly despise because it fucked your family over. Excellent job of passing that on!
@_date: 2014-03-31 21:04:29
The average person *doesn't* have difficulty understanding this, especially after it has been explained several times.
Maybe the problem here is your baseless assumption that *your* level of intellect is *average*....
@_date: 2014-04-11 01:27:57
Ya, it rings a little hollow to say, "come on guys, why is everyone freaking out, I'm still up ~200% in less than a year!
@_date: 2014-06-13 13:50:23
And how do we know who exactly mined the previous 5 blocks? Currently some pools generously publish the IP addresses associated with their mining operations, but they would certainly stop doing that if they were being denied blocks.
You also misunderstand the problem of a 51% attack. It isn't that someone will randomly mine 6 blocks in a row, publishing each as it is found... An attacker with 51% could easily mine a private hidden chain to as long as they like (say, 200 blocks), and then release it all at once. The protocol is entirely based on accepting the longest chain as valid, so the previously public chain with ~198 blocks would be invalidated. 
This would be obvious and spook the network, but would give them 100% rather than 51% of the mining profits. A more likely and subtle attack would be to selectively invalidate a single or a few blocks at a time, never orphaning a large enough chunk to be suspicious. This would give the attacker 51+x% of the profits and makes mining at other pools less profitable, further cementing the dominant chain's power.
@_date: 2014-03-19 17:25:40
A 21 million coin limit, which can only be changed by a democratic consensus of the users (including you!)
@_date: 2014-06-05 19:32:38
Doesn't that mean that your friend had an extra 250 in income on their W2, requiring them to pay their marginal tax rate on that money? That would suck having to pay ~25% on my own money like that...
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:38:49
If you bought at $100 and eventually sold at $200, but couldn't *prove* that you bought at $100, then you would need to pay the tax on the full $200 of the sale because you have no documentation for what price you bought in and the onus is on you to prove that it wasn't "$0".
You might try and get that info from the hacker's data dump... 
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:30:50
Seems pretty simple to me: The NSA already sweeps up and stores all encrypted network traffic. Most web site servers just base their encryption off of the SSL key, so a totalitarian state just breaks into or even "nicely" asks all of the SSL providers for private keys and most of the internet is transparent.
Then, they just scan the decrypted data for bitcoin addresses and personal information so every online purchase with identifying information is connected to that bitcoin transaction. Then, add in all of the collection from unencrypted email (99% of it), messaging services, online postings and correlate non-identified digital records with the IP database they have access to through your ISP.
Once they have some fraction of your Bitcoin transactions, they can correlate those with other addresses though taint analysis and combined payments, all automatically. To avoid it, only use sites that only allow Perfect Forward Secrecy encryption and use a non-US based VPNs for all your online activities... Not impossible, but something less than 1% of the population will even attempt.
All of this could be totally automatic and would probably be able to get pretty accurate identification on 60-80% of addresses/transaction and without even attempting to focus on any one individual.
@_date: 2014-07-08 02:50:20
This happens in every bankruptcy. Customers expecting to be paid back their x of x/total fraction of Mt. Gox assets were simply delusional.
Next, everyone is going to be so supper surprised when all 200,000 bitcoins are liquidated, but everyone is paid back only based on the value of their coins at the closing price of Bitcoins within the Mt. Gox exchange itself.
If the price goes up enough before they sell, they might even claim that they satisfied all accounts and Mark will get to keep the left overs!
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:41:15
If you had any idea what you were talking about you would never make such a poorly reasoned argument (though a popular one on Reddit, I'll admit)
Rape violates the non aggression principle that is the very core of libertarian philosophy. Walking around outside without getting attacked and raped is a *fundamental right* under both law and libertarian philosophy.
Your attempt to equate being raped with losing money in a private business due to an incompetent CEO/partner trivializes rape and only demonstrates your own shallow understanding of both law and ethics.
@_date: 2014-02-18 18:31:37
The first guy who showed up at MtGOX headquarters and posted here said that Mark was very surprised when he showed them that the stuck transaction que was being publicly scraped through the API. This is pretty in line with GOX not having a clue what they are doing and it would not be surprising if they thought the true extent of their problems were hidden from public view... later that day they famously shut down the API and withdrawals simultaneously.
People were able to verify their own stuck coins on the api, and GOX hasn't explained what the supposed "problems" were, so there is no reason to think that the api was giving out inaccurate information as opposed to GOX giving out inaccurate information because they hadn't meant to disclose the extent of the withdrawal problems.
Theoretically, if GOX *did* have solvency problems, denying that the API information was accurate would be exactly the response expected, and so the fact that they claim problems is not very good evidence for problems with the api, but does *add* corroborating evidence to the hypothesis that they actually have solvency problems.
Furthermore, if they still have more than 70,000 coins on deposit, they should prove they have that much anyway because people *assume* the api was accurate.
Finally, *if* their deposits in BTC have in fact fallen below 70,000 coins and the API *was* giving out incorrect information, there is still a cryptographic technique where they can publish a sum total of all accounts in such a way that every person with a gox account can test that number to see if their Gox-wallet was included in the sum - neatly proving their total account balances which would then be accompanied by the necessary proof of funds.
There is nothing that conclusively proves they are insolvent, but *every single action and statement they have taken and made is 100% compatible with that hypothesis*. In fact, as far as I know, they haven't even *stated* that they still have 100% reserves... with people questioning, I can see no logic for not just saying, "Ya, we've got the money, your coins are safe" unless they *already know or suspect that they do not* and are worried about legal ramifications if they lie about it. Not that this statement would be evidence *for* solvency, but its absence speaks *volumes*.
@_date: 2014-06-12 06:55:02
Ya, it would be pretty terrible if the community was upfront about the fact that pseudo-anonymous non-reversible payments make bad actors come out of the woodwork.
I think we can all agree that it would be much better if new users just figure it out on their own, then they can get the "full" bitcoin experience.
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:41:35
Yes. The entire goal of a proof of work system was to make achieving 51% practically impossible to achieve without collusion among miners. Turns out the miners actually prefer colluding. There could be theoretical fixes that could tweak the incentives structure in some way, but consider that any change to the protocol would also need to be adopted by 50+ % of the network. It’s not something you can just force people to use, so it would have to be highly advantageous in some way to get them to switch from the current system which they have invested a lot of money in. 
Alternatively, if there was enough migration away from ghash coin, it would become more in the miners interest to go along with some kind of fix… But psychology and self interest among miners *and users* suggest that people won’t care to fix or change anything until there is a tangible disaster.
@_date: 2014-05-08 04:55:12


Have you even been reading our own comment chain? I actually went back to make sure you are the same user! All I am saying is that there is no fixed 21 million coin limit. That *if* a majority wanted to change they can! We (obviously) disagree on whether people would be so inclined, and by proxy, whether the majority consent to current monetary policy. 
Most people realize that there is a drastic difference between a *rapid* reduction in value, and slow and predictable inflation, which is the distinction you apparently miss in your own critique.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:11:37
You know you have to report gifts above a certain level and pay a 50% tax on them right? It would be hilarious to see someone avoid a 15% cap. gains tax only blunder into a 50% tax + penalties for not filing gift taxes.
@_date: 2014-05-18 17:26:49
You don't need to bring the key on-line to sign, you could put it into an offline computer, sign the message, save it, then take "appropriate" measures to wipe any traces of data off that computer. But you are correct that for coins already safely in storage, it would generate *some* level of additional risk.
Presumably if you foresee need to pass an audit, you could sign and save the statement, "I own address x" when you create and print the associated cold storage address. That would be slightly safer as long as the auditor didn't require you to prove you still control the keys by signing a statement of their choosing. 
@_date: 2014-09-12 01:04:06
Authentication by biometrics (if you want it)? Automatic one-time use card numbers so [Target]( aren’t responsible for protecting your data? Numbers stored “in-the-metal” so they aren’t available to software (or even to Google/Apple themselves)? Excellent integration with the phone operating system for quick access?
For all their faults, Apple is offering a pretty compelling and advanced option - if they can deliver on their promises that is.
@_date: 2014-03-25 02:56:47
Yes, fees currently run ~$30-$40 per transaction are "paid for" by inflation. After the block reward drops in the 5-10 year time frame, those fees will be paid directly by the users based on voluntarily added fees to get your transaction included in the blockchain in a reasonable amount of time.
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:58:17
I'm not sure why not, honestly. Probably because he didn't get into this to screw people over and honestly thinks he can pull it out of the fire (which doesn't really say much since he's been trying for *awhile* now)... If he is imagining himself as a good guy in this, it might explain why they *aren't* arbitraging their own market right now, which could frankly solve their solvency problem unless it is truly massive.
It could also be that he doesn't want to have to start over life living anonymously in a foreign country, laundering his significant gains in the hopes that nobody traces the blockchain well enough to find him. This could still change if he thinks he will have to go into hiding *anyway*, and so the downside of this course of action becomes inevitable. Thus, its not off the table and could still happen if he thinks there is no other choice.
@_date: 2014-03-01 02:26:12
In the long term, most of the excitement about the Bitcoin *protocol* can be entirely supplanted by an alt-coin. The only unique feature of Bitcoin itself in the current community and network effects. As Bitcoin ages, it may run into some significant issues that make alternative crypto-currencies more attractive to the community and network.
Running the Bitcoin network [currently costs]( ~2-3% of the transaction volume to provide security. Right now this is paid for by inflation (10% annually at current rates), but as that drops off while transaction volume increases (bringing increased competition to be to be included in each block for a timely transaction)  there are two possibilities for when inflation is not paying for the costs of the network and that burden falls to "optional" transaction fees:
1) The fees will rise to compensate for the lack of inflation. This makes the current hidden fee explicit and users will have to choose the amount of their fee based on how quickly they want their transaction included. The way the protocol works, larger transactions are prioritized, and so low-value transactions will get squeezed much more heavily than only 2-3% - significantly hindering transactions in the &lt;$100 range and making other crypto-currencies more attractive by comparison. We will get to see whether users prefer currencies with "hidden" inflation based fees, or explicit market based fees. I suspect the former which poses a problem for Bitcoin unless it changes to become slightly inflationary - a controversial change that could fracture the Bitcoin network itself.
2) If fees do not rise, then the profits available from securing the network (mining) will fall precipitously and become more centralized. Building up to this point, the hardware is constantly being pushed forward so that mining costs equal roughly the cost of the electricity to run the hardware. If the fees do not keep growing, I would expect a lot of miners to quit, or repurpose their equipment. Currently, mining is more profitable than attempting to attack the network with double-spends. That may not be true in the future if the difficulty drops significantly because fees and inflation are lower while hardware continues to improve and/or gets cheap as minors sell off their unprofitable equipment. And more centralized mining due to reduced profits and a necessary result of the growing block chain will make attacks more feasible for a centralized mining operation no-longer getting lots of profit from its state of the art hardware.
I'm not sure which of these scenarios is most likely, but it will probably be a combination - fees will rise, pushing smaller and time sensitive transactions to alternative currencies, and attacks will become more attractive, lowing trust in the network and requiring prudent users to wait for more confirmations to ensure that they are not being scammed by a double spend.
@_date: 2014-03-19 04:46:54
So they literally own all the money in the U.S., and then when they don't use that massive power to enrich themselves  (I would print myself a few hundred billion for example), that is evidence to you that there *is* some grand conspiracy?
What examples can you give that the Fed is acting in "its own" interest (whatever that would be) rather than simply implementing the policies assigned to them by Congress?
@_date: 2014-03-18 22:42:54
Well, nothing besides operating on a federal mandate with a board of governors appointed by the president and confirmed by congress...
All of the concern about it not being *directly and totally* controlled by congress is a bit ironic considering it is actually a safety feature to help prevent, for example, Congress from simply deciding to monetize the debt and instructing/requiring the Fed to do so.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:57:20
Hahaha! I though this [sounded familiar!]( You didn't seem to mind the anonymity when you were ***hiding your assets from the bankruptcy court***
Besides, I thought you had [a crack team of scripts]( ready to track that guy down?
Or was it that you and other ["cointel"]( operatives were going to pass along the evidence of "shadow moderation" to your "employers"?
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:01:23
Where is the change of mind here?
1. Bitcoin is currently too difficult to protect for it to be practical for unsophisticated users.
2. Bitcoin is not particularly resistant against blocking or denial of service attacks and would be significantly less useful in some future environment explicitly hostile to Bitcoin.
3. As a more sophisticated user, Bitcoin has some aspects which make transactions themselves extremely easy. These aspects can and should act as a model for other transaction systems or be available to more people through Bitcoin when other problems like security are worked out.
It's only inconsistent if the only two possible views are "for" and "against" Bitcoin. Is it that hard to believe that someone might think it has some valuable features, use, or even invest in Bitcoin without also thinking that it is currently practical for my Mom or predictably stable when confronted with an explicitly hostile government?
@_date: 2014-02-28 00:43:30
An interesting counterpoint to consider is that while *anyone* who got stuck there could have taken their funds out by paying the "gox tax", it is far from certain that *everyone* could have. 
It was people getting fed up and taking their coins out that precipitated the fatal crisis. If *everyone* had tried to get their coins out sooner, it would have just pushed up the execution for those who were slightly slower than whatever % got out.
@_date: 2014-06-13 00:40:07
I actually did do the math, and one of us is wrong. Where did your 80^26 come from?
hashes/second * people * seconds/year * 1000 years = 
1x10^17 * 8*10^9 * 3.16x10^7 * 1000 = [~2.5x10^37 hashes](
~~Then put that in the estimate for the~~ [~~birthday problem~~]( ~~and see that the risk of collision is well above~~ the chance of an extinction event astroid which arrives about every 325 million years at a probability of occurring each second of 10^-16, and even smaller than 10^-32 for two of them.
Edit: something appears to wrong with my birthday problem math in Wolfram alpha, perhaps the approximation doesn’t hold for these high numbers. 
There are still 10,000,000,000 times more hashes than could be run through in the above scenario, but the chance of collision could be much higher than I initially calculated
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:02:40
This depends a lot on your life situation. Are you living at home with almost no expenses? Are you working and paying rent? Are you in college? Are you taking loans for school or are are your expenses covered by working/parental assistance?
Generally, if you are out of the house and entirely responsible for your own finances, you should maintain 3 months of expenses in a highly stable account. Bonds will do, but a high interest saving account or even a CD will do as well or better than the ones you've got now.
After that, you should find out if your employer does a 401K "match". You probably don't have much income/taxes right now, but many employers will give you *literally* $1:$1 match as free extra money up to a certain % of your income if you invest it in a retirement account. This immediate and guaranteed 100% return on your money has literally no equal in any investment. The downside is that you can't touch it for most things, but so long as your tax rate is low you can easily and cheaply "roll it over" into a Roth IRA and get access to it that way.
Finally, if you have an emergency fund and the maximum match on your employer's 401K, your extra money can start going into other investments including for retirement. Earnings on investments get much much much better as you let them compound. Starting your savings for retirement at 19 is a fantastic step up on all of your peers. Every dollar you save today will come back 10-11x larger just because you are saving it now rather than in your 30's where that number will only be 2-5x. Diversification is the name of the game. I wouldn't suggest more than ~10% of this money going into something extremely risky like Bitcoin, and if your future is secure and you expect to earn a lot more over your lifetime, you can start adding money to a Roth IRA which will significantly reduce the taxes you will pay on your retirement.
It looks like you are in a great situation, keep up the good work!
@_date: 2014-06-09 00:22:21
Probably more like 10's of millions if you were to start from scratch.
What if you just happen to operate a pool that hundreds or thousands of people point their miners at? Those aren't your investments, and that is the concern with a 51% attack, not that someone is going to go out and buy 100 million dollars worth of mining equipment to set up their own system to compete with the pools that already exist and have near 50% of the hash rate *already*.
@_date: 2014-03-29 23:31:27
Well, there is the [selfish miner]( attack which requires only ~33% I think.
It works by withholding found blocks from the chain while working to find new ones, getting a head start on the next block before releasing the one you found previously. This wastes some fraction of everyone else's hash power at the cost of somebody scooping you at the beginning of the attack. If someone does scoop you, you lost some revenue but can just try again.
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:36:35
Exactly, why is everyone so down on Mark? He's working hard to get everything fixed up, I'm sure its all fine.
@_date: 2014-06-17 21:53:09
The only way to know who is publishing blocks is for the minors or pools themselves to publish the ip addresses which they are using to submit blocks, and the bitcoin addresses they are using to receive block rewards.
Since Ghash was getting flack and DDOS attacks for being too large, they could easily just change some of their systems to report blocks from anonymous ip addresses and new receiving wallets for the coinbase transactions. This would be the rational self interested response to attacks on their business due to being publicly too large. 
From now on, any pool that wants to grow large enough to create concern in the community will split their resources up to obscure their real size. This same effect was recently seen with Litecoin where one pool achieved 51% of the network and reduced their power under community pressure... only to have a new "pool" rapidly form which matched the size of the reduced hashrate from the initial large pool.
@_date: 2014-05-18 17:13:43
Anyone suggesting this (especially to a company!) should also mention the *huge* caveat...
Because of how the addresses are determined, if you share your *public* master key, any of the *individual* associated private keys can be used to recover the *private* master key.
Thus, using deterministic wallets, you can not treat the private keys as independent (i.e. give one to each department head) if you publicize the *public* master key in any way.
@_date: 2014-05-08 03:13:42
If a majority of the users wants to increase the number of coins, they would change the software and split the chain. The incentives in the protocol strongly encourages participants to choose the "winning" side of the split, and while individuals could choose to remain on the "limited coins" side of the split, the incentives would strongly favor the side of the chain with the majority of users as the chains would rapidly become incompatible and anyone choosing the "wrong side" would be SOL once transactions conducted in "their side" of the chain made those coins invalid in the other, seriously degrading their value since they are no longer compatible with the system that the majority of the bitcoin economy is using.
Similarly, I could today alter the software to provide slow and steady inflation for me and my friends to use (splitting the chain and essentially creating an alt-coin) but it wouldn't be worth much because the majority of the users won't accept coins from my fork. Whoever is on the minority side of a fork will bleed users to the majority side, significantly depreciating the value of their assets and incentivizing users to switch to the "winning" side as quickly as one becomes apparent. That is the whole point of the incentivized consensus in the blockchain, is it not?
So, maybe die-hard fans of 21 million would keep their fork running among themselves, but for all intents and purposes they are just effectively running an alt-coin after the majority of users + incentivized individuals all switch to the new version.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:41:46
How would you distinguish them from people withdrawing smaller and smaller amounts from gox trying to get their transactions through the failures (which at first were mostly affecting large transactions), and then consolidating those legitimate withdrawals into cold storage or another exchange (i.e. another big wallet).
@_date: 2014-05-22 03:38:52
I think that your plan makes a bad assumption about the distribution of Mt. Gox information. Prediction markets work best when information is widely distributed and the people who have parts of that information have similar capitalizations and willingness to participate in prediction markets.
In this case, information about Gox is highly concentrated in a few individuals who worked in the organization or have direct knowledge of the ongoing proceedings. Even if they knew about the markets and had the money and initiative to attempt arbitrage based on their inside information, it would likely be drowned out by others making essentially random guesses based on nothing but misleading news.
In my opinion, you would be much better off directly offering a bounty to individuals who might have real information. Maybe offer a 1 BTC bounty for a private 1 hour interview with someone who worked in a supervisory position at Mt Gox or who is currently working with the case. Use that interview to collect info about their business structure and maybe even get names and contact info for others you can tempt with larger BTC sums. Build your investigation that way, and then if you learn that Karples was the sole repository for all software/cold wallet information, you can save your remaining BTC unless you know a way of "making him talk".
@_date: 2014-03-19 05:44:28
Quantitative easing has been a definite plus for the government (makes money off the bonds it buys from the banks) and the economy (has helped lower long term interest rates). Any money "pumped" into the banks is in simply as payment for an asset which then earns the Fed (government through remittances) money. That is money the government would not have made without quantitative easing, and if inflation does start to rise, they can sell them off, pulling the money back out of the economy and making it disappear just like it was created.
Systematic risks from banking and bailouts are a big problem. There are two options:
1. do not insure the banks federally and caveat emptor.
2. a) federally insure the banks, and b) regulate them to prevent them from taking wild risks at the public expense.
In 1934 we decided on option (2), but recently, even after the financial crisis, (2b) has been hampered by political factions who want to pretend that "free market" banking can still exist. At the very least, those individuals should recognize that they can't dismantle (2b) without moving entirely to (1), but that is a problem in Congress, not the Fed.
All the fed's actions have been perfectly in line with promoting maximum employment. The fact that it is still high is a symptom of monetary policy not being able to solve every conceivable problem. It is also the reason interest rates are so low and they are using quantitative easing, so that is perfectly consistent with their mandate and doing everything in their power to lower unemployment.
As for stable prices, neither the Fed's nor congress's definition is consistent with yours. They [explicitly aim]( for a low and steady inflation and that is absolutely in their mandate, whether you agree with it or not.
They are balancing the sometimes contradictory parts of their mandate, that doesn't mean they are ignoring them. For example, parts of Congress have already been pressuring them to do more to help the unemployment situation, but they have held back because they were already taking "extraordinary measures". If Congress had direct control, I doubt they would be so cautious.... And even if Congress isn't so one sided now, they certainly couldn't have made the incredibly unpopular choice of raising interest rates to 20% in the early 80's to tame stagflation *during a recession*.  That kind of politically unfeasible but necessary bad tasting medicine is what an independent Fed buys us as a country.
@_date: 2014-02-16 23:20:07
Unfortunately for you, deflationary systems don't lend themselves to credit outside of a few niche areas. Don't worry, I'm sure it will still end up subverting the entire world economy though. Perhaps Doge-coin can save the day in the world of financing :-D
@_date: 2014-02-17 23:03:00
Haha, and this isn't even the same issue. Is there any evidence this was GOX?
It seems awfully unlikely that a white-hat found and reported that issue before anyone else figured it out, its a classic exploit known to affect databases not originally designed to handle financial transactions and it has been brought up over and over again that GOX *doesn't* use the necessary ACID compliant databases to avoid these types of problems...
@_date: 2014-06-06 08:08:51
Is [this]( you?
In all seriousness though, there are actually scammers that pre-package and sell these conspiracy theories to gullible individuals that because of the fringe on the flag, the court doesn't *actually* have jurisdiction, or if you structure yourself as a corporation, you can use the "corporation" as a shield since it gets punished for your crimes rather than you.
It creates huge legal problems for those who get roped into these "programs" because they become convinced that they have figured out this "one weird trick" and just keep digging themselves deeper and deeper in trouble by ignoring legal requirements and continually escalating minor problems into major ones.
@_date: 2014-10-04 17:52:33
Look around. Even still there are people recommending that he just “hold on” or “never sell at the bottom”. 
It’s an unfortunate fact that the faith this community has in BTC leads people to take on these types of reckless positions even while the party line is “don’t invest more than you can afford to lose”. Even though people say that, they still can’t all get behind it despite the fact that OP has lost more than he can afford to lose already, and still has more than that invested *right now*. The only real answer is “return every bit of your family’s money, it is not yours to gamble with”.
@_date: 2014-02-20 23:25:55
Maybe credible is the wrong word. In this case he wasn't very *accurate*, since time and shrinkage of Mt. GOX volume have not alleviated the stated problem that traditional banks were "not able to keep up with the demands of the growing Bitcoin economy"
@_date: 2014-06-18 03:22:21
It certainly isn't a perfect solution. Its basically a nuclear option against pools, and would not get the support of many individual miners for that reason.
I was just using it as an example of how a technological tweak could vastly change the social incentives.
@_date: 2014-05-13 03:17:28
No problem! My personal preference in your situation would also be a bit more risk since you have a cheap living situation with (eventual) well paying job prospects. 
Theoretical physics means probably graduate school? Most physics programs will cover tuition and pay a reasonable living stipend to boot while further deferring your loans so you've got a few years before that money will be necessary.
~$1000 is the minimum you can start investing with a 3-5 year time frame without having commissions eat up your gains. You could either choose 1 or two stocks you liked, or get pretty reasonable returns with something low effort like SPY (S&amp;P 500). Even with higher risk, I personally wouldn't put more than 10-15% into something speculative like Bitcoin. If you are more confident, maybe 20-25% of what you have max (and only because it is pretty small compared to your future earnings). 
Besides, if the "perms-bulls" are right, in 5-6 years even that much will return a very nice sum. If it goes to zero, an investment in stocks will still be around and will on average grow from $1000 to ~$1800 over 6 years just by itself regardless of what happens with the side-bet in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:30:00
Mark has been selling paper coin. Thats why he lost an unbelievable amount of it. Perhaps there are some real losses as well, but in an attempt to recover he tried to make a fractional reserve, artificially inflating the balance of coins he owes to customers well above the number that ever existed in the system. Once people got spooked and started withdrawing, only the first to exit had real coin that could be payed out and the rest are stuck holding monopoly "goxBTC"
@_date: 2014-03-19 07:44:18
That assumes zero return on investment though. I didn't realize you were referring to total debt of all actors including households and businesses, and I will certainly grant that the economy as a whole cannot continue leveraging up indefinitely (though it could continue for some time still).
However, increasing leverage does not equal negative growth unless return on investment is lower than the interest cost for those investments.
@_date: 2014-04-09 02:00:36
Yes, once each service has fixed this bug, that would be the safest option (from a well secured computer obviously). 
In order to be compromised, someone would *probably* have needed to be attacking the server when you set up the authentication (unlikely unless an organization like the NSA was scooping up everything), but depending on the way 2-factor was implemented, it wouldn't be impossible that they could have observed that secret while attacking the service anytime you were logging in.
@_date: 2014-05-03 05:25:20
in the last ~365 days, Bitcoin has increased in price by ~4.5x, a 450% annual interest rate.
If that were to happen again, a person who borrowed bitcoin to invest in non-bitcoin denominated assets would have an almost insurmountable effective interest rate even before adding in the 19+% interest on the loan itself.
I can only imagine that bitcoin is being used as the mechanism for transferring money, but that loans would be denominated and paid back in the local currency, to be converted back to bitcoin for repayment, right?
If so, how is this different from other forms of micro-credit besides marginally lower transaction and (perhaps) regulatory compliance costs?
@_date: 2014-05-31 09:18:22
Yep. It's a [familiar story]( That guy spent ~$325K chasing a mere $550...
The scary thing is that you can shift your short term returns into the positive and think you are a genius without comprehending that you are implicitly putting huge sums of money on the table for little gain... and those small early gains will keep you playing until you hit a bad run and lose it all.
@_date: 2014-05-17 01:57:26
Easy, someone new to Bitcoin trying to test it out without sending away the all of their value.
Hell, the other day I was showing my brother how to use the wallet and I sent him 10 mBTC to play with. When explaining how to send transactions, he *automatically* decided to send me 1 mBTC back. This is about setting user expectations. 0.1 mBTC feels a bit high, but isn't unreasonable when you explain it is only $0.05.
If I had instead sent him 10,000 "bits", he probably would have *automatically* chosen either 1, 10, or 100 to send back. Then, once his brain has already decided how much to send, I have to explain that his "fee" is at best equal to his payment size? At worst 100x larger? That leaves a bad taste in his mouth because the impression is, "jeze, I only wanted to send 1, but I had to pay 100? What a rip off!"  You can still explain it is only $0.05, or that it isn't very useful to send $0.00045 anyway, but it doesn't change the bad initial impression. I can practically guarantee you his reaction would have been "I thought you said this had low fees!?"  It's all about managing expectations, and a *minimum* fee of 100 base units is a recipe for disaster on that front.
As a counter point, how is it at all useful to denominate things in 0.04 cent units? Especially when transactions of up to 100 have a &gt;100% fee.  It personally feels like the whole "bits" phenomena is just people being jealous of Dogecoin being able to send someone 1000 doge like it's nothing because, "look at all the zero's I gave them". It works for Doge because the fee is something like 1 doge. It would be different if people sending 69 doge were also paying a 100 doge fee for the transaction!
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:26:36
"IANAL" is Reddit boilerplate for, "I Am Not A Lawyer" since speculating on these types of things as a layperson can be *vastly* different from the reality of our current laws.
Ponzi scheme's pay out old clients from new "investors". If Gox has a shortfall, they need to entice new people to come in (say for cheap coins) to balance those leaving... otherwise they would just strait up go bankrupt. By Ponzi, I didn't mean to imply they were soliciting investors, just that they will likely try to entice new people to join so that they can fund the people who choose to leave. If they use withdrawal limits, they could probably keep it going for quite some time before enough people left that their insolvency was revealed - screwing the latest round of people who arrived, just like a Ponzi scheme would.
@_date: 2014-03-17 04:11:16
Currently the bitcoin network costs $44 per transaction to run. Most of that is hidden in inflation, but the number of transactions can't scale up as fast as inflation is programed to fall (due to the problem of blockchain bloat) and so fees will likely rise substantially in the 5-10 year time frame.
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:52:50
Ya, it's to prevent people from avoiding the inheritance tax by just gifting their estate away before they die. It's got a relatively high cutoff, so you don't encounter it unless someone is transferring significant (&gt;10K) assets to you.
@_date: 2014-03-19 06:30:09


Wait, how did the Fed increase the debt by 5%? Is it possible you are you conflating fiscal and monetary policy here? Also, is that an increase "*of* 5%" or an increase of "*by 5% of GDP*", it makes a *big* difference.... Also, does that 5% include the loss of revenue during a recession and the cost of automatic stabilizers that would have added to the deficit *regardless* of any action by Congress? 
Aside from that, GDP is annual and debt is one time (at least when interest rates are below inflation like they are now), so a 5% (absolute) increase in debt/GDP would be paid off in the economy as a whole within ~2.5 years, and to the government itself (~20% of the economy) within ~11 years, not a terrible ROI - especially if there was a chance it prevented a 5-10% *drop* in the economy...
@_date: 2014-02-17 01:14:51
You are not confused at all, that is the whole of it, minus the context which explains the confusion
It appears that several major players in bitcoin had automated systems for repaying people who claimed they weren't paid, but the way the system "looked" for whether the money went through was vulnerable to this bug, and they had been too stupid to have other controls in place to double check in some other way. The "bug" has been known about for *years*, but a recent change made it easier, but only because the software they were using was incorrectly making transactions in the first place.
So now the context: They (probably) lost *a lot* of customer's money and there was a rush to get funds out. When the company went to pay, the transactions failed because they had already been sent out by accidentally double-paying. Then they "investigated" and are trying to cover their ass by saying, "its a bug in bitcoin itself! Its not our fault!" 
The misleading statements by the company trying to cover its own ass would be bad enough, but as this is the oldest exchange in bitcoin, early adopters stand to lose 10's-100's of thousands of dollars and are further clouding the issue by issuing either hope-filled protests that its just a temporally technical glitch, or perhaps  more sinisterly, deliberately spreading misinformation trying to convince everyone *else* that the company didn't lose everything in the hope that they can get their money out first by clouding the water.
As a result of these incentives, the discourse is very confused because its a pretty technical thing to explain accurately (and my example doesn't do it justice!). Even still, the whole boondoggle is lowering confidence in the ecosystem as a whole because one of the oldest, best known exchanges may have lost everyone's money, and its a huge reminder that if no-one can trust anyone, then Bitcoin doesn't really have a future that justifies the current price.
@_date: 2014-03-28 19:44:31
It is seriously disturbing when people proudly display this much financial ignorance while saying that *others* look like idiots. The level of Dunning-Kruger this implies is astronomical.
***Not all markets are zero sum games***. The stock market in particular is not. Currency trading, options trading, gambling, and yes, Bitcoin are zero sum games.
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:50:30
Most places where any significant heating is required rely on natural gas heating which is somewhere less than 1/2 the cost of heating with electricity. Those places that *do* use electricity only do so because of the capital costs of switching over, or because the incentives to do so are misaligned - i.e., a landlord has no incentive to decrease their tenants power bill and the tenant has no incentive to increase the landlord's property value.
So except for areas where natural gas is just not available, any capital costs to switch from electric heating to POH heating is better spent on just upgrading to natural gas instead, especially when considering the increased difficulty and inefficiency (capital costs) of a POH heating system that has a high total capacity (for heating up your water or house quickly when it is needed), but an overall *low* expected usage - maybe only being turned on for 2-3 hours a day even when significant heating is required.
@_date: 2014-02-20 08:11:11
Every possible bit of evidence is consistent with only two hypotheses:
 * they are insolvent and desperately attempting to salvage the situation by turning what was a 100% reserve exchange into a ponzi scheme
 * They are maliciously attempting to destroy their own business
When asked directly "are you solvent, do you have people's money?" they essentially said, "that's confidential".... lol
@_date: 2014-06-12 07:10:53


You only have that much entropy if you genuinely choose those words randomly. It isn't that hard to take 10 *randomly* chosen words and make a story or poem that you can remember, but humans are so bad at generating randomness that your 200K word list is probably only something like 100-1000 words if people are choosing for themselves. Worse, those words will likely be in some recognizable order that can easily be scraped from online text sources. Together these reduce your 1E53 possible seeds down to somewhere between 1x10^15 or 1x10^20.
That's the whole point of this post: don't let yourself choose the words or you will end up with something like thirty to forty orders of magnitude fewer possibilities than you think you will.
@_date: 2014-03-19 07:34:43
Quantitative easing doesn't increase the debt.... can you link a graph of the debt you are referring to? It increases the money supply in exchange for various [assets]( on the Federal Reserve balance sheet, which can then be sold back into the economy to reduce the money supply if the Fed decides that is the necessary policy... These are the trillions in assets that the fed holds expressly for the purpose of "buying back" the money it created in case it needs to make it disappear again.... 
@_date: 2014-02-21 05:48:11
of course, but it is one calculation to be selling to those with equal information but differing opinions, and another to be (potentially) selling shares of Mt. Gox to Mark Karpeles as he prepares the next press release (I know, bad example, we already know what that release will say...)
@_date: 2014-03-02 20:32:03
Wasn't Gox stuttering at 50 transactions/second not nearly able to keep up with the load even a year ago? Now, what's the maximum rate transactions can be run on the blockchain?
How do you propose that the scale of a large exchange can have every transfer and wallet verified by a system that maxes out (currently and for good reason) at 7 transactions per second?
@_date: 2014-06-13 23:25:42
Ya, and with the longer time to get an average of varience, if the hashrate suddenly dropped by 90% it would be up to 5 months of hour and a half confirmation times per block.
@_date: 2014-06-08 19:00:06
The seed itself is your last ditch backup that contains everything you would need to recreate the wallet from scratch. As such, it does not save your password and with knowledge of just the seed, someone can steal all your coins.
It should basically never be entered into a computer or stored online, write it on several pieces of paper and put them in the most secure locations you have available so that they can be available if your house burns down or whatever.
@_date: 2014-03-02 23:01:59
Haha, I thought about adding this... but decided to forgo it for simplicities sake.
As a perfect illustration of this, the rate is hovering right around the ratio of Gox's assets/liabilities - if the coins are based on the "real" market price.
@_date: 2014-04-11 22:26:41
Transactions cost ~$25 each at the moment. That is what pays for the security of the network. You think miners will mine for charity after inflation dies down?
@_date: 2014-06-13 20:16:45
I agree with that. My cynical view is that Ghash will not do anything in the moment and people will become complacent while those with a technical understanding will distance themselves. Heck, we may even go through another "bubble" which will cement in everyone's mind that the Ghash thing is no big deal. 
It won't be a problem until Ghash finds a way to profit from it, and there are a *lot* of ways they can - especially with months to plan it out and buy up short or options positions. Then, "oh my goodness, we were hacked!", sell out of the short, then go long and pen the repentant "we have seen the light" press release and profit on the way back up.
Of course, once they reduce their hashing power, another pool will suddenly appear and gain an equal share, just like with LiteCoin.  And nobody will care until they pull the choke chain again... 
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:08:58


If you aren't already familiar with it, this is the idea behind Zero Coin. It doesn't exist yet, because the existing zero knowledge proof methods require too much space to be practical on a blockchain. The guys who originally proposed it are legit academic crypto researchers and have reported that they have a way to reduce the proof size by 95%. They are supposed to release a paper on it this year, with the coin itself sometime after that.
@_date: 2014-10-04 18:30:51
OP fell into money and doesn’t understand the value of it. He’s going to learn the hard way while paying off his $18,000 in student loans (!!!) working a $40,000/year job while having his wages garnished pay back the $300,000 to his family after they sue him for reckless breach of fiduciary duty.
@_date: 2014-03-19 06:46:49
SO WHAT!? 
I am so confused what point you are trying to make... Are you saying that the *money supply* grew by 5% during the recession? I bet it was way higher than that, so you seem to have been talking about legitimate treasury debt which *does* have to be paid back with interest and could be a legitimate concern if it got too high. Federal reserve notes *don't* have to be "paid back", so what is your point? The problem with growth of the money supply is when it causes high inflation, which it is not.
@_date: 2014-04-08 18:02:19
I have been using an obfuscated version of this for awhile now (you wouldn't notice the "base" password as it is jumbled by the algorithm)...
However, in light of this recent breach, it is clear that multiple sites could be unknowingly breached and used to correlate passwords even from "high security" websites. As a result, I am considering giving up entirely and moving to randomly generated gunk managed by a password manager.
The primary vulnerability to an algorithm is that if someone gets the passwords for several sites, they could reverse engineer the algorithm. Worse, it doesn't need to be obvious... the best password cracking programs take a probability approach with their guessing... For years targeted attacks have had the ability to create a probability estimate from the raw data on a hard-drive to create a personalized attack (including any fragments of unencrypted memory dumps from ram).
With the ability to have scraped literally millions of passwords from many different accounts just in the week between this bug being published and fixed, the next step (if not done already) will be probabilistic analysis of related account passwords to get a *much* better classification of the password systems that people use for *high security* applications rather than just for low security web-apps.
Its easy enough to imagine scrapping several of my passwords and deducing a statistical pattern of "number in the third position, high probability of characters from the domain name as the 5th and 12th characters" etc. Humans are *really bad* at creating randomness and computers are *really good* at exploiting that fact based on probability.
@_date: 2014-03-30 01:09:08
Ah, thanks for the clarification. But by wasting some of the network's power, you increase your *effective* hash rate above its "real" 33%, right?
 It seems like you could find some equilibrium where you could keep ahead of the chain with less than 50% of the total hashing power by wasting some percentage of their hash on every new block... or do they eventually catch up to your lead?
@_date: 2014-02-21 06:30:22
From [their AMA]( about a year ago




@_date: 2014-06-13 18:55:19
And would create an even larger economic incentive around centralization which is the whole problem in the first place...
@_date: 2015-05-15 19:15:34
So does that mean that you cannot defend your property with force? If you can only impose on someone else with the same action, extent, and type of imposition that they imposed on others, does that mean that if a vagrant entered a farmer’s larder and began to eat, the recourse available to the farmer is to steal an equal amount of the vagrant’s property and perhaps trespass on any land he might own?
I’ve seen a lot of discussion among anarcho-capitalists about defending your “property” with violence which seems quite contrary to this principle of reciprocity. If the vagrant doesn’t recognize the property rights of the farmer (perhaps in general, say he is fine with others taking things that otherwise might be considered “his” as well), and the farmer reacts violently to the trespass, shooting at the vagrant and causing the vagrant to defend himself by shooting back and killing the farmer, who is in the right? 
It seems like the farmer in this case overstepped his bounds, reacting with life threatening force which is neither the same extent or type of action imposed on him by the vagrant. The vagrant reacted fully properly - he has no property he would exclude people from and would not violently prevent others from taking sustenance from it if he did, and so he acted in no way that he would not expect others to act towards him. Further, when confronted with life threatening violence, he defended himself to exactly the same extent and with the same type of violence which was brought against him by the farmer.
Is this an accurate description of what such an encounter might look like under anarchic reciprocity?
@_date: 2014-04-11 21:21:01
They calculate a total return index, yes. They also calculate a "price return" index which doesn't include dividends and is the most commonly quoted on the news (and is therefore what most people think of). Either way, my 30% calculation was actually based on the growth of an ETF which holds the companies stock and pays a ~2% dividend rather than automatically reinvesting them.


@_date: 2014-06-17 23:23:28
Is it fixed in the case the Ghash runs its cloud miners on a private pool consisting of ~15-25% of the network while continuing to run its distributed public pool consisting of 30-40% of it?
@_date: 2014-06-17 23:29:09
some technical fixes rely on social incentives as well.
For example, one technical hard fork fix is the addition of another way to submit blocks that would allow individual miners to "Steal" blocks from a pool. This would disrupt any mining in pools which do not directly control the hardware.
Of course, this doesn't fix the "cloud mining" problem (and likely makes it worse), but it demonstrates how you can use a technical fix to effect a social problem.
@_date: 2014-03-02 01:34:08
Easy: Mark was selling paper goxcoins on his own exchange and finally ran out of runway when people withdrew all of the "real" coins out of the system. This may or may not be what happened, but its one way for those coins to "*not* exist", because they *never did* 
@_date: 2014-02-20 02:09:54
"We're enabling withdrawals soon, but its taking a little longer than expected due to our recent office move. I'm sure you understand..."
@_date: 2015-01-16 22:29:31
Sure. The concept of a progressive tax system is based on the decreasing marginal utility of money.
If I earn $100/month, a 10% tax is a massive impact to my lifestyle.
If I earn $1000/month, a 10% tax has a significant, but not totally crippling effect on my lifestyle.
If I earn $10,000/month, a 10% tax hardly affects my lifestyle at all.
The goal (whether you agree with it or not) of progressive taxation is to distribute taxes so that the *burden* on each taxpayer is more even than would occur with a flat % tax. On the above three taxpayers, we might bring in the same amount of money by charging 1%, 3%, and 10.8% to account for the fact that $1 to the guy making $100/month probably means as much or more (i.e., whether they can eat today) than even $1,000 means to the guy making $10k/month in terms of what they must go without in order to pay the tax.
@_date: 2015-01-17 15:43:05
Whoa there buddy, I’m not talking about taking forcefully from others at all! All tax laws are known well in advance (as well as their changes) and there is no communist style restrictions at the border if you decide that you don’t like the conditions of citizenship in your country of origin.
I happen to believe that nobody else *owes* you anything, so spare me any lamentations about, “but where else will I go?”. You can choose another country (if they will take you), or even live in the many unclaimed areas (international waters, parts of Antarctica, the moon). Don’t you dare think that you are *owed* the means of your own survival there though, that really would be forcing others to provide for you!


Ya, ya, that’s what I told my landlord when my parents died and he held me responsible for paying the rent or getting evicted. Somehow I don’t think that your argument *really* revolves around some god given right to ownership of whatever patch of land your mother squatted over when she popped you out (subject to being lost to the next women who pops out a kid while squatting over the same patch).
@_date: 2015-01-17 19:58:19
If I showed up after both of you, absolutely. The morality doesn’t change with 100 or 1000.
Nobody is saying that you owe anyone something for nothing, you have a simple choice (within the confines of a non-aggression based morality common to many libertarians): accept the laws as legitimate and follow them, attempt to change them from within the system set up to do that, or move to someplace which has laws that are more in line with your own predilections or even someplace that doesn’t have laws at all.
If you believe in property rights, you certainly wouldn’t say that current land owners on that small island owed some of *their* land to a newborn kid with nothing just because they were born (or showed up with no means of supporting themselves), right?
@_date: 2015-01-20 15:51:00


This might be the sticking point: This concept is from a utilitarian standpoint - If the benefits (to us, or society, or whatever privileged position we care to choose) are high enough, then the ethics/morality of property ownership could (and should) be subverted in order to achieve those benefits. The irony with arguing for libertarian rights from a utilitarian perspective is that utilitarianism is (roughly) how democracies are currently structured - if something is good for most people (and bad for a few), that thing will get approved. You can see this on our island - the landed owners would (probably) never consent to having their property taken without extracting their tolls, but such could be justified under a utilitarian ethic.
A utilitarian morality (probably) does not recognize “true” property rights as inalienable, only “convenient” property rights where allowing certain rights to property with some pre-conditions is beneficial to society as a whole. For this reason, most libertarians approach property rights from a “fundamental” or even “natural” rights perspective - it doesn’t matter how beneficial it would be to how many people to confiscate some property, it isn’t ever justifiable ever.
Perhaps you can see the problem - if you and some of your friends are living on an island and have developed your libertarian society there, and a few people wash up from a shipwreck and say, “excuse me, I need some food or I’ll starve!” From our perspective, you are not required to give him any food, and you might even make them agree to certain things before giving him the sustenance they need to survive. To complete the analogy, we might even say that you and your friends feel like you barely have enough land as it is, and none of you are keen to sell any of your land ever - you might rent to the new arrival, and you *could* sell if you wanted (as the property owner), but you probably won’t because the land is so valuable that the new arrivals probably can’t ever earn enough to pay you what you really think its worth!
They might counter back, “how are we much different from slaves - never allowed to own anything and forced to work for our overlords?” Furthermore, two of them had a child he might say, “according to you[r morality], [some people] own everything and they can easily coerce others to comply. You leave us with the only option to flee from the land of our fathers.”
You can see that the property rights situation doesn’t change with a small subset of owners who refuse to sell, and the current government setup of many (most? all?) countries. However, if you argue that those property owners on that island don’t have *the right* to own their property and subtly coerce every new arrival into agreeing to their rules, then what is the basis for property ownership at all?
@_date: 2015-01-18 02:43:42
Here is the key question: is it ever coercive force for one person to *own property at all?* There is (imho) a reasonable or at least self-consistent argument to be made that *any* property is fundamentally coercive for exactly the reason you imply: if if one person (or group of people) owns everything, then they can coerce others to comply because those others have no means of survival without “giving consent” to whatever rules the property owners want to enforce. This is currently what you seem to be arguing for, which is an argument against *all property*, so taxes shouldn’t really be an issue.
However, if you believe (like me) that one person’s ownership of something like food does not require them to share that with every starving person, then just like with your island example, it doesn’t matter if there are 2 or 100 or 1000 people, those people that own the property do not need to share their property with you without extracting your agreement to follow the rules or anything else they wish on their property.
It actually seems that we agree that the latter is the proper way to structure society, but I’m confused because you are actually arguing for the former in the very specific case where you want to own your own property, but the land-owner where you live is saying, “sorry, I won’t truly sell you anything, but I will allow you to lease the land/material goods under a certain structure of rules and conditions (subject to those conditions spelled out in law)”, which is entirely within their right as the land owner if simply owning a lot of property is not coercive.
@_date: 2014-02-26 01:17:09
Well, besides Mark himself claiming that it was, "more or less accurate", just about his only statement on the matter.
@_date: 2014-07-07 00:40:27
The reports of "BadBios" have been largely repudiated and the concept of a virus living in bios remains undemonstrated and unlikely.
The guy who reported it was interpreting random noise on the speaker channel as encrypted communication packets and used a bios infection to explain how his air-gapped computers kept getting infected.
With more recent Snowden leaks, there is a much [better answer]( - see COTTONMOUTH
@_date: 2015-02-22 12:43:54
Poorly stated, but property rights – as distinguished from personal property which someone would have to violently take from you because it is on your person – and thus capitalism are inconsistent with the NAP because they rely on violence and coercion to enforce the definition of what property (for example: land) belongs to who.
Interestingly, (and bringing this tangent back on point) Bitcoin manages to avoid this issue because knowing your private key and keeping it secret does not require any violence or aggression.
@_date: 2015-02-22 23:17:47
I think the idea of (and distinction for) personal property is specifically from anarcho-communism, but don’t think that the other baggage of that movement is necessary to see the point that restrictive property ownership appears to violate a reasonable understanding of the NAP without some form of mental gymnastics (e.g., Lochian “mixing” of the “self” with physical goods so that *self* ownership extends to the physical world around you).
My own views on ownership are not based around the NAP, so I do think that you can own something you build. However, I don’t think that the NAP can justify the initiation of force in the defense of property rights unless it is responding to direct aggression against *another person*, not against a nebulous and potentially contentious extension of that person out into objects that they have laid claim to. 
For example, if the NAP was able to justify violence in defense of property rights, what would happen if two people legitimately disagreed on ownership? One would claim their violence was in self defense of their property and the other would claim violence in defense from legitimate aggression - does the NAP allow justifiable violence to start and potentially grow from legitimate nonviolent disagreements?


Can you expand on this? I’m not sure I understand how Bitcoin specifically changes the incentives for most of the negatives you mention. The only specific change I can see would be changing the way legislation/regulation is enacted, but I’m afraid I don’t see the path towards that even in a world where Bitcoin fully supplanted the fiat money system - governments had no trouble existing and enacting sometimes very corrupt regulation under other fixed-money systems, so what does Bitcoin change from that perspective?