@_author: compsci_enthusiast
@_date: 2012-11-18 05:53:58
Personally, none of them, but let me back up for a minute. Perhaps I put a bit too much emphasis on "truecrypt is bad", and not enough on "use cryptography that fits your situation". If you situation is trying to keep your tax returns safe, Truecrypt is probably fine, although if I didn't need daily access, I would probably just use OpenSSL to encrypt and decrypt a folder. If you are trying to keep your bitcoin wallet safe, while I don't use bitcoin in any capacity that warrants I protect my wallet, it gets a little bit sketchy IMO, because yes, if someone steals your computer, okay, your coins are safe, but if you are targeted by malware, it doesn't really matter, so in this case I would rather use some sort of more secure offline system. If you are trying to keep something out of the hands of the police, once again, it is a bit iffy, but you are probably fine with truecrypt. If you have the misfortune of being targeted by the government or one of its agencies, truecrypt is probably a bad idea, if only because of the closed development nature, there is really no telling what sort of backdoors are in it, although I have never heard any concrete evidence to support this.
So what I am getting at is that it is about risk factors, and determining what the best solution for you is. If your concern is thievery, or the police, you are probably alright with Truecrypt. If you are worried about being targeted for one reason or another by the government or some sort of special task force, then once again, you need to start weighing what is going to be the best solution. If this is your risk factor, I would personally suggest storing any data on a full encrypted Linux install using AES256, and be sure to be extremely careful with anything you browse to or download. If you are storing things of the illegal nature, the full disk cryptography, as well as encryption of individual files and folders is probably something you also want to consider.
There was an informal AMA by someone who is a contractor for disk forensics in the US, and while i cannot find it, his advice was "When dealing with the police, any sort of cryptography of sensitive data will save your freedom, because they dont have the money or resources to pursue it". However, he did also say that it may or may not help when dealing with government agencies, depending on the cryptographic implementation.
Also, I should mention that nothing in here is sourced, it is the opinion of the semi-paranoid university student who likes studying security and privacy. If I have made any statements which are false(ie: Not a matter of opinion), please let me know.
Just so I am not misunderstood, in the post, when I refer to the government, I mean federal agencies like the FBI, NSA, CIA, &lt;insert 3 letter agency here&gt;,not the police. Police are explicitly mentioned when necessary.
Edit: I should also add that just because I say government and specify an agency like the NSA, this does not mean it couldn't be essentially any other group in the world who benefits from having a backdoor in your computer. Like keepthepace said, it could be the mob, or the chinese, it could be the russian government, the british, or for all we know it is corporately backed as as to sell the backdoor to governments or entities who want it, lots of shady stuff goes on in the business world of surveillance, backdoors, 0-day exploits and rootkits.
@_date: 2012-10-29 07:34:58


I think so, but my opinion on this is sort of conditional on the general populations feeling towards information. I think that we could have proper information sharing systems that respected peoples right to be anonymous and/or private in what they do without people needing to consistently use things like Tor or VPN's. However, I think that this hinges on the general populations willingness to push for privacy, and I think that, at least for now, that won't happen. People like myself who are willing to talk to anyone who will listen about information privacy, anonymity, and security can only do so much.


I until it is absolutely impossible to share controversial data online, I will not say that the information age is bad, because it is not. Look at the Arab spring, that was fueled by the free flow of information. Free flow of information is key to being able to make educated decisions, and too a free society. This said, I think that as I agreed to above, at the current time, increases in the ability for data to flow increases the ability for people to be tracked, but like I said, I think that this will only continue as long as people let it.


I think that at this point phones and computers, for most people are the same thing. They perform the same functions, can be used to track you in the same ways, and i am really not particularly opposed to either. The only difference I think is that on a phone your communications can be private, but not anonymous, whereas on a computer they can be both. I think that if I ever got a phone, it would be an android, because there are quite a few projects that essentially make it impossible for your cell provider to do anything except track you by location, which I believe can be defeated with special pouches that block cell service, so you are basically only tracked when you then choose to check your phone.
I feel sort of odd talking exactly about how I feel about some of these services, just because I don't really use them. I have read about them extensively and talked to people that use them, but I have never touched facebook, or twitter, and never had a cellphone that I can't take the battery out of. I use Jabber, and IRC, and that is how I connect with people, because for the most part, in these situations, my information is in my control. I can anonymize myself, and join encrypted chat rooms, and that means that only the people directly involved can ever see what is being discussed. I use reddit, but that is probably the extent of my "web browser accessible" online foot print, and even then I have never posted any information that could be linked directly to me.
I apologize if none of this makes any sense, I am incredibly tired due to rigorous studying for some exams, so feel free to message me back with criticisms, or let me know what you think about the same things you asked me. I would like to hear and discuss your opinions as well.
@_date: 2012-07-11 07:49:09
Personally, I think the electronic emissions attacks are cooler, but to each their own. In fact, over in there was a thread about those attacks. Not a lot of information on them, but the government has supposedly been able to do these TEMPEST attacks for years if they so need to, no concrete data to support that though. Short of building a Faraday cage around your workstation, there isn't a whole lot you can do.
@_date: 2012-07-11 07:48:29
So much this. There have been numerous cases of malware found which is designed specifically to steal or transfer funds out of wallet.dat files.
@_date: 2012-07-15 22:12:49


She is going to be disappointed when she goes to cash them in. This ad is a real bargain, a house keeper for less than minimum wage.
@_date: 2012-08-01 08:10:36


You can always do charge backs, and the CC company will always side with the consumer. It is up to the business to prove that they offered a proper service, which is a huge hassle, and then would have to be able to prove you received the bitcoins into your personal wallet, and so on. It would be a huge mess that would utterly fail. I am sure there are ways that you could ensure that a chargeback could be successfully opposed, but even then, until you prove to the CC company you provided the service to the customer, you are out of pocket.
@_date: 2012-07-13 21:09:49
Any idea where I could get that, or do you think it is custom made?
@_date: 2012-07-13 16:51:43
The more I read about cyber security, the more I realize there are just as many idiots in the field as there are walking the streets.
@_date: 2012-07-13 23:35:39
Well, the first question is: Do you have ATI or Nvidia video cards? If Nvidia, you are going to get between 3 and 5 times less performance than an ATI card. Secondly, assuming you don't have to buy parts, it is a good idea to mine now while you can still perhaps earn bitcoins. Come October, commercial systems designed for bitcoin mining will ship, causing the difficulty of bitcoin mining to skyrocket, and causing most people with home setups to be essentially forced out of mining bitcoins for any sort of profit. This, coupled with the fact that the block reward halves from 50 to 25 sometime near the end of the year means that the number of bitcoin available to be mined will also drop. 
Mine while you can, if you can.
@_date: 2012-11-18 04:01:58
No, the development is closed, not the source. Something that is rarely explained to people is that just because the source is open, doesn't mean the development process is. Parts of Mac OSX are open source, but no one except apple knows what is being actively coded, and the same is true for Truecrypt. However, the process of getting bugs fixed, if you discover them, I have heard is pretty bad, and often times futile. I have also read(because I don't use truecrypt) that it is increasingly hard to compile from source because of issues with compiler compatibility. The 2 people who are supposed to be writing it do so for free, and somehow manage to support, in a timely fashion and by themselves, 3 different operating systems, and multiple versions of them, with both 32 and 64 bit code. If you ask me, the whole thing seems a bit shady. The developers are anonymous, and I have been hard pressed to find any code or security audits of the software that actually appear to be indepth, but perhaps that is just me. It is good software, or so it seems, but if you want proper encryption software, it needs to be easy to submit and fix bugs, and it needs to be open enough that proper audits can be done.
So personally, I wouldn't trust it. I would rather write a small program to automatically encrypt and decrypt a folder, of course only once given a password, than use truecrypt.
@_date: 2012-06-22 17:42:00
It was probably "stress tested" for a few months to make sure the unit could handle the sustained usage.
@_date: 2012-10-28 19:11:04
Do you hate smart phones because they are smart phones, or do you hate them because they symbolize the ever growing cultural acceptance of being constantly tracked? I don't like them and don't have one because of the later, but I like the concept and functionality of them.
@_date: 2012-07-14 03:43:11
It isn't exactly bad either. If you look on the hardware specs sheet on the bitcoin wiki, you should be able to see the MH/joule draw of the card. Then calculate how much it will cost you in electricity, and use an online calculator to roughly figure how many bit coins you will be able to mine. If the earnings exceed the cost, mine away.
I also suggest joining a mining pool if you have not already. I found that  had the best payout, although the only other one I ever used was deepbit.
@_date: 2012-07-14 17:51:18
Great to hear.
@_date: 2012-07-14 08:26:57
For Device, you need to select your video card, you don't need to set any extra flags, and CPU affinity, well, CPU mining is essentially useless, it produces only a fraction of what a GPU processes, so that is up to you. The numbers boxes next to CPU affinity are each for one core on your computer, so select some, all, it doesn't really matter, you probably won't notice a difference in mined bitcoins, so save the CPU cycles if you want. I suppose if you really want to make use of all your hardware though, look into Litecoin as well. They are a crypto currency like bitcoin, except it is more efficient to mine them on a CPU than a GPU. They can be traded as some exchanges for bitcoins as well.
@_date: 2012-08-07 06:41:39
I am sort of curious as to how the Silk Road operators get their commission, because I am sure the cops are smart enough to try buying from the site, and just watching the bitcoin trail. It is not like bitcoins are really anonymous. Perhaps they use a few mixer in between the people paying commission and their own wallets?
@_date: 2012-11-18 20:28:27
It was initially, but I believe CGMiner now has scrypt support in their miner, which means that the GPU can do hashing that used to be exclusive to the CPU.
@_date: 2012-07-14 04:51:08
[I prefer the "GUIminer"]( but that is because I am lazy and don't feel like running in the CLI. You can get windows binary there, as well as linux if you want, or the source for it. When you install it, be sure to make a new "OpenCL" Miner, this will make use of your ATI graphics card. If you have other questions, don't hesitate to ask!
@_date: 2012-07-14 05:46:23
No worries. In the folder, there should be an executable called "guiminer". Launch that. Now it brings up a window. Go to File -&gt; New miner -&gt; New OpenCL miner. From there, you pick a mining pool, enter your mining workers name and password, and start mining. If you went with the mining.bitcoin.cz pool, it will be selected by default, called "slush's pool".
@_date: 2012-07-09 04:39:49
Well then we better outlaw sugar, MSG, salt, and deep fryers to help everyone who is morbidly obese as well.
@_date: 2013-02-12 07:46:41
The problem is market penetration. Paypal has it, Bitcoin is getting it, but slowly. I am not an economist or anything, but I would suspect that as more people realize the benefits of things like bitcoin, the market usage will start to snowball.