@_author: conbase
@_date: 2014-01-06 08:15:04
I would agree that Coinbase should operate like an SEC compliant merchant or P2P bitcoin merchant, in which case such incidents would be prevented. Your question alludes to the opposing margin for error that also serves as evidence for victims of Coinbase.
@_date: 2014-01-06 08:04:51
As a short term Coinbase user, I have experienced all of the aforementioned issues, and I've made many trades. Having done my research, I and many others need not the lent credence of one skeptic. However, I will say you should remain skeptical for those feeling victimized and isolated. Individuals on reddit are gaining no traction in community feedback due to heavily modded and inappropriately banned pages and comments, but our page is full of surviving complaints; many of which clearly violate SEC terms.
@_date: 2014-01-06 00:47:53
Would be posting there if not for unending bans by coinbase mods!
@_date: 2014-01-06 00:46:51
There is staggering evidence that Coinbase is not fulfilling orders after accepting, withholding, and delaying the returns of ACH transactions. Because many are involved in either investing or converting currency, the amounts not fulfilled are mostly correlated with those who buy low and fail to receive  explanation until weeks and months after. 
Explicit to the SEC, nature of this type is considered fraud, and the many people who would be adding value to the bitcoin exchange are being abruptly defrauded by one of the largest bitcoin merchants in America. 
Coinbase operates under a terms of agreement that is unconstitutional and serves no protection in violated terms and damages for its participants and consumers.
In trying to seek losses from a company operating in fraudulent margins, in which a main product is an investment tool, the consumer needs to now their rights and spend their time and energy fighting such transactions, rather than waiting for benevolent pardons, which rarely occur in the financial world. 
At any time, Coinbase could cash out and take large amounts of consumer money with them. As trends are signifying, the company has incentives to do so, highlighting ensuing legal issues and increasingly unhealthy relationship with the majority of its customers.
Join our organization in pursuit of damages of various nature, primarily financial, and act against Coinbase. Our sole purpose is indemnification and moral shaping of an emerging and large risk financial merchant.
Join our developing page at
