@_author: concretehero
@_date: 2018-01-10 06:02:14
Printing more money weakens USD and increases price of BTC. So a manufactured news event intended to cause a big sell off would mean government could use inflated USD to buy BTC. So it takes more USD to buy BTC and hurts the dollar's strength. Maybe not zero sum but not a total win win.
I am describing a different scenario, one where government just gets tax revenue, manufactures some bearish sentiment thru a press release, uses that revenue to purchase BTC when people sell into USD, which means more cap gains revenue. Government picks up more BTC for their buck while price of inflationary USD gets a boost from sell off. Total win win.
@_date: 2017-12-27 04:16:04
Increasing value drives enthusiasm, enthusiasm drives interest, interest drives education, education drives innovation, innovation drives disruption, disruption drives change, change drives value. It's a circle.
@_date: 2017-02-26 01:08:35
Ultra smart but ultimately human. I think most people in the Bitcoin space understand and share your expression of frustration and wish Bitcoin could have these problems solved as well. 
But I think it's naive to believe that Bitcoin will be the exception in the story of human evolution and the human drive for control and power. Bitcoin cannot divorce us from this drive, it can only be another avenue for it.
Ultimately, like all technology, humans will use it as a means of asserting their control over a desired outcome. Not all humans see altruism as rational within the framework of their reality. Every organism wants to survive and powerful corporations and nation states are no different. We cannot program global equality. 
Bitcoin will exist but it will be the bottom layer to off chain blockchains that large multinational entities create and control as extensions of their power. This will further stratify humanity and inequality until inevitable development of genetic programming and those with financial means and access will start physically augmenting themselves. Eventually only those with the financial means will leave this planet. Bitcoin cannot stop evolution, it will only aid entropy. We cannot outsmart or rationalize the process of evolution. It's always unfolding nonlinearly. I hope I'm wrong and that we can act as a global collective but I think I'm being idealistic.
@_date: 2017-03-07 09:35:23
whats with the sudden drop?