@_author: condiment
@_date: 2018-01-28 21:48:35
Haha 'interest in a crypto at a young age' is certainly not a trait I would associate with future success. You guys are all kidding yourselves.
@_date: 2018-01-29 00:04:15
Yeah, I missed the boat in the same way that I 'missed the boat' on investing in Apple in the 1980's, or betting on the Patriots last Superbowl. The majority of people getting involved in cryptocurrencies, especially more recently, are in my experience, idiots. These are people with not only a complete dearth of investment know-how, but a desperation to get rich quick. 
The young person who created this application is without a doubt smart, and I would never do him the disservice of grouping him with the average cryptocurrency investor. He will get rich off the frenzied cryptocurrency sheep, he is obviously cut from a different cloth. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:37:00
Gold also has intrinsic value for its aesthetics. People are going to say 'hur dur that's not intrinsic value', but even that alone gives it more value than fiat currency or Bitcoin. Gold also has a finite, unrestricted supply (unlike diamonds which derive most value from a artificial restrictions on supply).
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:43:44
Buying drugs on the silk road was to clean up the financial mess boomers helped create? Bitcoin is an anonymous fiat currency, you guys need to get a grip on its significance.
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:52:39
Bitcoin is massively increasing in value because there is an effectively finite amount and increasing demand. As a fiat currency it goes without saying it has no intrinsic value, rather it has an attributed value by the people who have it and the people who want it. Bitcoin will continue to rise in value as long as the people who want it (or the volume wanted) outstrips the desire to sell. The people on this forum are doing nothing more than gambling (I realise I will be shit on for this). The majority of early investors in bitcoin have a far greater knowledge of technology than they do smart investing. They have no way of knowing how future policy changes will effect the demand for bitcoin. 
Bitcoin is a closed system without any reason for its intrinsic value to increase, as it has no intrinsic value. Just like stock you can't sell it if no one is buying it and vice versa, so for every story of someone holding onto their bitcoins and making bank there will be a story of someone who bought high, freaked out during a crash, and sold it all for a total loss.
As bitcoin becomes more popular among the mainstream you will see this phenomenon continue, and I'm sure there will be many tortured souls who lose their savings if a major crash does occur (which there is no point speculating on the likelihood of, just to acknowledge that it is a possibility).
@_date: 2017-11-30 01:00:56
Do you have experience with investing outside of bitcoin? Just curious because you sound very confident about your positions. It's shocking to hear you suggest that "that means no matter what time you get into it, you'll still win". Demand is finite, and there are other competing cryptocurrencies in the marketplace, and there is no telling how government policy will change in the future. The mantras you guys tell yourselves every day make bitcoin seems more and more like a cult (but it does do a great job of driving demand for a good with no intrinsic value).