@_author: congressional_staffr
@_date: 2014-05-12 13:56:56
I disagree.  One good lobbyist would cost mid-6 figures annually in house (max).  
If a contract lobbyist (ie a K Street firm) were hired, you might be looking at twice that.  
The Foundation could spin off a (c)(4) and spend maybe a million a year on it.  
Given the profits that have been made in the Bitcoin sphere over the last few years, the money's there to do it.  
But this is where the "screw-the-government" attitude will ultimately screw Bitcoin.  
Like it or not, for Bitcoin to takeoff, there needs to be a simple way for Americans to move funds between Bitcoin and USD.  Everyone might long for the Utopia where Bitcoin is self-contained (ie people don't need to move funds into USD), but you're not going to get there overnight.  You need a transition period where people use both systems.  
I can guarantee that if the US Government takes action, it's not going to make Bitcoin illegal explicitly.  
It'd simply make it incredibly onerous (if not outright illegal) to move funds between Bitcoin and USD.  If that happened, good luck turning Bitcoin in the eyes of the public from a toy for internet nerds to a legitimate monetary system.  
@_date: 2014-05-10 02:30:18
Only Bob Barr would be presumptuous enough to think it's a given that he'll get back on FS.  
@_date: 2014-05-13 16:11:20
Yes. PAC's provide support to established candidates and members who support their positions.  
I'm glad you understand.  
And yes - that scenario is pretty much always valid. PAC's generally do not give to challengers/non-incumbents who can't prove support for their position.  You don't give a few hundred/thousand dollars to someone for them to use in getting elected/reelected on the outside chance that your $2k is going to make them change their mind.  
For one, it's not.  The average competitive campaign costs +/- a million on each side.  If every donor to a $1 million campaign were maxed out, that's still in the range of 400 or so donors.  No member who values his seat is going to sell out for $2k.  It's not going to happen.  
Will the guy who gave $2000 get a Christmas card? Or a meeting with the Congressman? Sure.  Will his $2000 get the Congressman to ignore the opposition to his position? No.  If it comes down to what a lobbyist wants, and what my boss's constituents want, the constituents win, every time.  
Feel free to see a bogeyman around every corner.  
And for that matter, if you want to completely eliminate campaign donations, then go ahead.  
I just hope you're excited about a world where incumbents never lose, and every member of Congress is obscenely wealthy.  Because that's exactly where you'd end up.  
@_date: 2014-05-12 02:32:43
Who isn't on the Hill now.  
The guy got his nomenclature wrong, maybe, but the staffer reviewing the Bitcoin mail to determine how to respond (not the intern logging it) is much more likely to be familiar with Bitcoin and/or pro-Bitcoin than his boss.  
@_date: 2014-05-13 20:19:40
In which case everything is controlled by staff and lobbyists.  
If you think lobbyists are a problem now, what do you think will happen when the only people in DC with anything approaching institutional memory or expertise are lobbyists (and staffers who want to become lobbyists)?  
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:38:09
His campaign is being run by his son, so there's that...
@_date: 2014-05-12 02:23:14
There are so many holes in that alleged study I don't know where to begin.  
The fact that they only got meetings with 12.5% of members should set off alarm bells.  Well over 75% of members will meet with Joe Blow if he's from the member's district and they have openings in their schedule (thus the need for lead time).  
The reason these guys didn't get meetings with the other 87.5%? Because they broke the law in their initial emails.  
Every member office I am familiar with bends over backward to make the member available to constituents, assuming a reasonable lead time.  
Which makes me think they didn't provide one.  
First, if they did the study in the "summer" (they don't say when), and wanted meetings later in the summer (ie August recess), that could well be very short notice.  
Particularly if they said they could meet on THIS day, or THAT day.
Most offices need 2 months lead time to book a meeting - especially if the constituents' schedule is inflexible.  
Second - policy meetings rarely occur in the district.  They occur in DC.  So it's not impossible that it would've been suggested that they reach out to DC staff/schedule a meeting in DC.  
Chiefs of Staff are usually DC based, and are usually NOT policy staff.  
It would be possible to design a study to address this question - but these guys did a piss poor job.  
You'd need to request meetings in DC, request them 2+ months in advance, and request them on behalf of a group that either has or has not donated to the member in the past.  And for God's sake - you don't email the staff and say, "I gave your boss money, meet with me."  
When I get those emails, I delete them.  They don't even get a response.  If someone persists in that vein, I forward the email to Ethics.  Any staffer who wants to stay out of jail does the same thing.
@_date: 2014-06-11 01:52:55
Loudermilk will get 60% or more.  It won't be close.  
@_date: 2014-05-12 13:45:40
You have absolutely no idea what you're talking about. If you want to advertise that fact, feel free. I wouldn't if I were you. 
1) Without going much into the well documented fact that it's a [myth that bitcoin is actually anonymous]( (Dark Wallet may think it is, but if the NSA wants to get to the bottom of it, they will) an anonymous bribe is still a bribe.  Perhaps if the bribers are all chipping in a few Satoshis or whatever, it's not worth going after them.  [But it might be worth going after, say, the guy that announced the effort to bribe a Congressman on Reddit, and proceeded to coordinate the efforts to do so.](
And either way, taking down a member of Congress makes an FBI agent's career.  Not to mention this would play into the "bitcoin is used by nothing but criminals" paranoia laid out by Frank Wolf in the [CJS Report.](  That'd sure help the cause.
2) A bribe doesn't have to be in a brown paper bag under a table.  [A campaign donation in exchange for specific Congressional action (introducing a bill is specific Congressional action) is a bribe.](
If you'd like to read about [an example.](
If you'd like to engage Congress in Bitcoin, you don't need to lay out a specific quid-pro-quo.  Make campaign donations in Bitcoin.  Depending on your politics, there's at least one [Republican]( and one [Democrat]( accepting Bitcoin donations.  
If you want to educate a member that might not seem "with it", call their campaign, and tell them you've got $10, or $100, or $1000, or whatever you'd like to give them, but you'll only do so in Bitcoin.  
But engaging in a quid-pro-quo will get the door shut in your face if you're lucky.  If you're unlucky, it'll get you an FBI interrogation.   
@_date: 2014-05-12 02:41:28
If you knew anything about Frank Wolf, you'd know this was in that bill because Frank Wolf wanted it there.  
And he's gone in 6 months. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 02:35:02
That's called a bribe.  It's illegal.  
@_date: 2014-05-13 03:33:20
Neither of those articles illustrate a "bribe".  
Regarding the *Breitbart* story, what the funds are used for doesn't really impact whether they're a bribe or not.  It might well indicate general shadiness on the part of the politicos that hold all their PAC fundraisers at cushy beach resorts, but it doesn't change the requirement that there be quid-pro-quo.  
Regarding the *Wired* story, the simple fact that people who got cash from defense contractors tend to support policies those contractors like doesn't mean much.  
To illustrate with a hypothetical - lets say that the Bitcoin Foundation set up the Bitcoin PAC tomorrow.  Who's that PAC going to cut checks to on day one?  Justin Amash and Jared Polis?  Or Frank Wolf and Chakah Fattah?  Obviously the former two (the latter two being the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Approps subcommittee that put out the language attacking Bitcoin).  
So does that mean that it'd be reasonable to say that Amash and Polis were bribed, since all that Bitcoin campaign cash went to people who voted to support Bitcoin? Of course not.  
"Virtually the same thing" does NOT occur on a regular basis.  Everyone knows where the line is.  It's exceedingly rare that people get close to it.  People that do get close to it are investigated, and can be and often are charged.  People that are known to get close to that line are blackballed - because no staffer or member wants to be seen with the lobbyist who demands specific results for his donations.  
The FBI is paying attention - and people DO go to jail.  
[And either way, correlation does not equal causation.](
@_date: 2014-06-02 03:32:17
You should take note of his comment history.  
Clearly Barr/a staffer/volunteer pretending to be a disinterested bystander only supportive because of his supposed Bitcoin support.
@_date: 2014-05-12 03:00:37
Look at my username again.  
If you think that Bitcoin is not an issue that offices are considering more carefully than yet another letter on abortion or guns, you're clueless.  
The point I was making is that you're dead wrong.  
Interns aren't writing Bitcoin mail.  
And if you really think that getting checks has influence day to day,  you're clueless too.  
This is an issue that nearly all members know nothing about.  
Most staff don't know that much about it - but they certainly know more (and are capable of learning more) than the boss.  
And this is a tricky enough issue that depending on the office is going to get passed up the chain for final review/decision re: mail.  
House offices rarely send generic boilerplate.  When they draft their Bitcoin mail, it's going to mandate that the staffer learn the issue, and in many offices the member is going to learn the issue too.
@_date: 2014-05-12 02:31:10
The issue is follow up. 
If it's an X/Y decision now on a vote, sure - that helps.  
But if the ask is something nebulous - "Support bitcoin" - that's where having a lobbyist helps.  
All that said, despite the guy who interned once (and clearly didn't do a good enough job to get hired on full time), staff ARE your best chance in a lot of offices.  I am not the only staffer pretty familiar with Bitcoin - and there are very few members who are.  
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:50:08
Obviously with 535 different members, different members have different priorities and different management styles - so they're not all precisely the same. 
And generally ones that have just shown up (ie just been sworn in) like to think they can do it all, so they micromanage a little more - read every bill they'll vote on in its entirety, review all mail before it goes out, review everything their signature is going on, etc.  Partially because even members with past elected experience - particularly in the state house - often did just that in that prior position. 
But you can't be successful that way - it's not possible. 
That system generally breaks down within the first month - it's just not feasible. Mail volume, requests coming into the office, committee and voting schedules.  
At which point staff are usually cut loose/given more leeway.
To be fair, the stuff that staff are literally deciding with no member input tends to be on the fringes - a Republican staffer is probably going to just stick his boss on that pro-gun bill or that pro-life bill without asking.  A Democrat staffer is probably just going to stick his boss on that UI extension, or minimum wage hike, or gun control bill without asking.  
But even stuff that a staffer has to clear by the boss, or get his/her approval for, the staffer has a LOT of leeway.  Members trust their staff - they have to.  So if a staffer takes something in to the boss and says "do this", the boss generally will.  If he says, "don't do this", the boss generally won't.  
As far as the system, I think a lot of things would be better if people just paid attention.  And there's really no excuse not to - 20 years ago, there was no real way to know from the middle of Nebraska or whatever what Congress was doing day to day.  
Today, it's easy to track down to the minute.  99% of the resources I use on a daily basis are available to anyone with an internet connection. 
So from there, people need to just weigh in.  It does in fact make a difference.
@_date: 2014-05-15 02:09:52


No, it can't.  That's like saying that because you played high school or college football, you'll be great in the pros.  It doesn't work like that.  DC is nothing like any state legislature.  The pace is different, staff competencies are different, the legislative process is different, the peripheral players are different.
The only thing that state leg experience offers is 100% on the political side - CAMPAIGN experience/success at one level can often be built on and learned from.  
But day-to-day governing?  It's not even the same universe.  


We don't (in the House) rotate elections now.  As far as the rest of that - I'm not talking about knowing where the toilets are, and knowing where your office is (though I have funny stories I won't tell about those things too).  I'm talking about not getting steamrolled by leadership or lobbyists. I'm talking about being able to figure out who is and who is not a friend.  I'm talking about things that a Member should not blindly trust leadership on, quite frankly.  
Members that are successful (quickly) generally find their own way - they don't cozy up to someone important on day one.  


Those goals are established via state/national polls and the executive branch. The closer you get to them, the more compensation you receive.
Good luck.


And how do you do that? I have an idea - how about if you let everyone in America vote for the guy that does what they want him to? And the guy that gets the most votes wins!
@_date: 2014-05-12 05:08:07
If you were a summer intern and think you actually learned something, you didn't learn anything. 
Believe it or not, summer interns are not privy in any way, shape, or form, to the goings on in the office they're in - much less in other offices.  
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:27:20
Will power is really the issue here - and probably to some extent it's a tragedy of the commons issue, with no one willing to pony up.  
@_date: 2014-05-30 14:24:13


No, he doesn't.  At least not by himself.  R's pick their Committee assignments through the Steering Committee.  While Boehner obviously has a lot of pull there, it's not a one man show.  [And others on the steering committee aren't as keen on Bob Barr.](
And quite honestly, I doubt Boehner is, the above article notwithstanding. 
And then of course, there's the non-negligible chance that there will not be a Speaker Boehner by mid-afternoon on January 3rd.  


You should read some history books.  
Bob Barr takes the position that he needs to take for himself on a given issue.  He has zero consistency, and won't even acknowledge that he has zero consistency.
[*National Review*]( (I really don't read much National Review, but they were the best hits) does a better job of disecting Bob Barr than I could.  
@_date: 2014-05-12 02:39:54
There aren't enough.  
Polis hosted a Bitcoin ATM event on the Hill a few weeks ago, but there need to be more of them. 
@_date: 2014-05-29 20:41:42
1) Barr is not an incumbent.
2) It's awfully presumptuous to think that a guy like Barr is going to waltz back into Congress and end up back on FS.  Seniority would get him a better office.  It would not get him back on FS.  
3) Look at Barr's track record.  He goes where the wind blows. 
For God's sake - you've GOT to get deeper than just taking a politician on their word.  
@_date: 2014-05-15 13:55:37


1) General principles of federalism.  
2) [Article I, Section 5, Clause 2.](


Don't be so idealistic.  Maybe - just maybe - that'd be true among members (though given how quickly alliances form among/with/including - think within a month of elections at the latest, but more realistically before elections), lobbyists aren't going to change every 2-4-6 years, nor are staff.  
And not to get onto a tangent, but the alliance issue would actually be an interesting case study for someone's poli-sci PhD.  The youngest member of senior leadership in any party in recent years (ie top 2 slots) is Eric Cantor.  He's been the Republican's  (Minority Whip under Speaker Pelosi, and now Majority Leader under Boehner) since his 5th term in the House.  That is nearly unheard of. 
He got there by building alliances early - he started playing in primary races (ie by endorsing, donating, etc).  I will actually grant that campaign donations CAN buy votes - but not lobbyists giving to members; members giving to members.  When two guys are running against each other for whip, or majority leader, or whatever, and one gave you a $2500 check, and the other didn't (or worse, the other gave that check to your primary opponent), who are you going to support?  


No one's stopping you.  That's how I vote personally.  More people should.  
@_date: 2014-05-15 17:43:22
The only thing about the lobbyist/member relationship that would change is that the lobbyist would have more power.  
Further, one of the main points that you seem to be missing is that in most offices now (much less in a world where every member is "green"), all the power is with the staff. 
Staff write the bills.  Staff decide what letters the Representative will sign. Staff decide what questions the boss will ask at Committee.  Staff decide how the boss will vote.  
Literally the only thing my "boss" does that is not in actually done by me is vote.  That is not an exaggeration.  And the boss votes exactly the way I say to 95+% of the time.  
In a world where I'm working for a new member every 4 years (for instance), I'm still going to be buddies with the same lobbyists.  And the boss is going to be even more reliant on me for what I hope are obvious reasons.  
@_date: 2014-06-02 03:22:50
So then you're completely missing the part where if you know anything about Bob Barr you'd know that you can't trust his position worth shit?  
Do your own research.  Read about his positions (or lack thereof).  
Bob Barr is "supporting" Bitcoin right now because he knows that by doing so people like you will fall all over themselves to throw him money, and he's in desperate need of it.  That's it.  
If you think Bob Barr's "support [for] Bitcoin in Congress" is going to go beyond taking your money off your hands, I've got a bridge to sell you. 
EDIT: Just looked at your post history.  Real classy - astroturfing reddit.  I don't think posts from a candidate/his campaign pretending to be a "disinterested bystander" are kosher.  Maybe I'm wrong.  
@_date: 2014-05-12 02:00:35
You should be worrying about FS more than CJS approps.  
I would be surprised if Frank Wolf didn't have it out for anything new and internetty.  
Yes - Bitcoin (like it or not) needs lobbyists.  
But it's not a lost cause.  Jeb Hensarling (House FS Chairman) is the kind of guy that is winnable on this.  
So is Wyden (Senate Finance Committee Chair).  
Most Senators are going to be a bit trickier, though - but Senate Banking (rank and file at least) are pretty decent looking too.