@_author: congress-is-a-joke
@_date: 2019-07-25 22:35:32
Because it will generally average 8-12% per year you’re invested, and inflation will only rise by -1% to 5% at the most.
@_date: 2017-11-28 12:51:56
A “bubble” popped from the housing market because bad news started pouring out above the economy and loans. Bitcoin isn’t bought on loans. It is bought with cash and held with cash. It’s another bank account, in a sense, that fluctuates in value.
A bitcoin bubble would form and burst if bitcoin had NO future potential. However, because of wide spread adoption in the coin, and future expectations of the coin, it HAS value. It may be overvalued for what it is NOW, but it still has value because you CAN USE IT. It’s not just a currency. It’s an anonymous currency, that can be traded around the entire world, and once it gets REALLY large, it will have much less volatility. Right now, it’s new, it’s cheap, and it’s volatile. But the value is there.
@_date: 2017-11-28 18:59:11
Selling someone an entire wallet?
That’s tied to your personal information, don’t hand it out. 
I’ll admit I don’t know the most, I’m relatively new on the topic. It seems to be secure enough to me through P2P and two tier authentication. Maybe this technology will even lead businesses to sort of have a “business wallet” between other businesses that they sort of use as a medium for their transactions.
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:59:44
See and the bitcoin private key explanation I read, seemed to state that yes you can manipulate the sale, but only until that bitcoin that was transferred by that code is moved or acted upon a 2nd time.
That, and with 2 factor authentication (using a physical Authenticator), the chance of someone using your key without permission is next to zero. They would have to literally mug me to make the transfer occur. At that point good luck; I don’t have to give you my phone password :)
@_date: 2017-11-28 12:39:39
The 17th century is not at all relevant in today’s markets. Bitcoin is
1. Worldwide
2. Sold through exchanges, who have varying rates of transfer.
3. Currency, not a company
4. Being adopted by businesses
5. Being regulated by governments
6. Supported by “holders”, locked bitcoin (forgot password, cant access, death),
7. Not the only crypto currency.
I highly doubt we will see a crash into the ground; the fact that the exchanges are a bit complicated makes selling a hassle, and “panic sellers” can only drop it so much before others see it as a “discount” and the trend flips back around.
A huge “panic sell” of bitcoin would likely lead to a fleeing into other currencies; LTC or ETH for example, or even the smaller currencies are good replacements in the event of a “crash”.
That being said... I feel it’s far, far, FAR more likely that bitcoin has established itself as a viable border less currency, and myself and plenty of others will buy it at any dip.
Crash away. I’ll buy it again at $1 if I need to :)
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:27:25
The private key only lasts as long as that bitcoin hasn’t been used after the deposit. So once you change that bitcoin to USD, that private key becomes unusable for future transactions. Is that correct? I think that’s how I understand it.
That being said, yes you can transfer your bitcoin to a hard wallet and that process is a little different and a lot more dangerous, but it’s not much more different than carrying cash.
@_date: 2017-11-28 12:09:54
I could see 50%. But 75? Nah.
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:05:37
Unusable as a currency?
Businesses are adopting “pay by bitcoin”
Business are investing into block-chain/bitcoin technology
Bitcoin transactions are anonymous, and take very little time to approve (this can improve by a LOT, still early stages).
Worldwide currency. Maybe you’re not understanding this, but if MOST bank accounts could be linked to bitcoin, it could serve as a “standard exchange” into other currencies.
It’s not a bubble. Bitcoin is BACKED BY EVERY OTHER CURRENCY.
The money cannot be FAKED.
The money cannot be directly hacked out of your account; it would have to be transferred by someone with a code, your password, and your verification method.
Whereas with the housing bubble, people bought houses WITHOUT THE CASH ON HAND. Lemme repeat this; YOU WERE GIVEN A LARGE ASSET THAT YOU HAD NO WAY OF PAYING.
THAT is a bubble. The money and value was NOT THERE.
Bitcoin is backed by currency. Every cent of it. If I buy today, and look tomorrow; my dollar and everyone else’s dollar will still be there. There is no “we gave out more bitcoin than we have to offer, now we have to take it back”.
The bitcoin is REAL MONEY. A stack of it.
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:57:24
Likely, bitcoin would be the in-between transaction.
I have an account with cash, you have an account with cash. Rather than using a check or direct deposit, you can instead give a deposit key and the person who deposits cannot “return” this transaction; it is final. No check bouncing, no loaning. Just cash, instantly, after a service has been rendered.
The exchange is “controlled” by the p2p system you described. If I send you $5 in bitcoin, that transaction is verified through several other IP’s first; this transaction cannot be faked because it relies on several external forces to verify it has not been tampered with in any way.
I guess I’m confused as to what you mean by “keeping the key”. Why would anyone have access to YOUR private key if you didn’t trust them? In addition, these coins become “locked” once you do anything with them; for example, I receive the coin and withdraw, or convert to USD. This coin is “spent” and cannot be retrieved by the depositing party.
So it’s really down to whoever has the key doing the transaction, to guard their goods. That’s like if I gave you $100, and you put the wallet on the table and said “I’ll go to the bank and deposit it later”.
you run a risk of someone taking that money back. So... put the money in the bank when you get it. Problem solved.