@_author: conswalo
@_date: 2013-11-01 11:27:50
Or include a video/webcam interaction which required to do a dance of some sort, verifiable by software as being from a live stream and involving a real human dancing live? Imagine the farms of people dancing around like crazy...
And make it part of a long (10 min) interaction requirement of captcha, webcam/movement, trivia/research tests?
@_date: 2013-10-31 13:22:20
"A participant would download the v0t3r client software to their PC/smartphone, then in an offline process, create an account by creating a private key, through a series of interactions. These interactions would require genuine sustained human physical presence and attention, in order to make the creation of multiple accounts not feasible at an industrial scale."
And see below response of mine to TeachAChimp :)
Short answer: you cannot. You can only make it painful and ultimately pointless, as any votes of real importance (ones with lots of people voting) would have so many votes, that statistically voting twice (or even ten times) would not have an material impact.
But yeah, important to remember it is merely a polling tool, not a replacement for government.
Think of it this way: Twitter allows you to post text to other Twitter users. This would allow you to conduct a poll yourself. Currently there is not decentralised free open source polling tool that I know of, and I would like there to be one :)
@_date: 2013-10-31 14:42:49
If you think of my idea as an underlying tool which allows free instantaneous online polling, it can then be adapted for specific purposes.
I would argue that the anonymity is provided by using TOR networking principles in distributing votes and results, the results being verifiable utilising bitcoin principles and ideas.
In terms of absolutely ensuring everyone only has one vote, the tool could be adapted by whoever wanted to do it. For instance, a government could then launch an amended client software package (still open source), which requires some sort of verification of a provided identifying key through some sort of mechanism to do so ( such as by the client verifying with a government database, or some fancy maths that requires the to be required to make the private key creation work) . That way it can conduct referendums at any time for free.
Put it this way, no system would ever completely rule out voting fraud, however I reckon the proposal above is still a lot better than what we currently have in terms of voting systems, which are all centralised, where the question asking is centralised, and the vote counting is centralised.
Thanks for your feedback :)
@_date: 2013-10-31 14:37:16
Like the federating verification idea :)
I have no idea what zero-knowledge proofs or secure multiparty computations is.... again, I have no maths skills, I am purely going on the assumption that whatever makes bitcoin work in terms of verification principles, could be used to build a system that allows online polling to be conducted by anyone. Think of it as kind of an app/plugin novelty at first.
What is really does is enable voting results to be trusted due to decentralisation, and to make the process free and more widely accessible to participate in.
@_date: 2013-11-01 11:29:05
And also, thanks for your discussion, really appreciate it, has given me lots to think and learn more about :)
@_date: 2013-11-02 03:04:49
I believe it would be very possible to achieve the anonymity of an individual vote of a person, if registration did not require anonymity.
From that point of view, it would be no different from current voting systems. To be on the electoral roll, you have to identify yourself. However then when you walk into a voting booth, your actions are anonymous.
To make this possible, maybe register the client software via authentication with the electoral roll? Or passport number? Once authenticated as a genuine passport number/elector, it is incorporated into the private key generation process. The private key could then be encrypted further, and then be registered in a list of all validated accounts, which is held by everyone. This would then result in a person only being able to set up one account.
This would of course result in the system being reliant on a central organising authority, however that authority is limited to providing a validation portal for the client software to ensure a user is an actual person as per their electoral roll or passport database.
@_date: 2013-10-31 13:07:00
If you mean how would multiple voting by the same user be prevented, that is where I imagine the system to work on the same principles of bitcoin, where transactions cannot be duplicated.
The idea is largely based on the hope that whatever math-magic makes bitcoin possible (transactions cannot be duplicated), can be adapted to also not allow votes to be duplicated.
Calling all Math-Lords :)
@_date: 2013-11-01 11:01:39
I accept you cannot completely rule out multiple voting.
However can you maybe force someone to reinstall their OS to enable that to happen? Or how about using a unique identifier that is already available to every user, such as the MAC address? This can then maybe be verified by checking it with a database (via TOR) that ensures that device has not been registered before? So the MAC and IP addresses are never linked? Or some sort of cryptology to make it anonymous?
The only solution I have to multiple voting is make it as painful as possible to do. Any other ideas on how to do that? Use up short bursts of huge amounts of computational power in the registration process?
Also, think of this as a toy, which is not perfect, but serves its purpose in terms of its core objective, which is to provide a decentralised, free and relatively trustworthy polling mechanism available and accessible to all (with a internet connected device).
If this is created, at the very least it will make online polling a short to medium term fad, but who knows how it could be adapted in the future.
For official purposes I suggest registration via a TOR like network with a government issued unique identifier, which is checked against their electoral roll, where double registration is not possible. Furthermore, current voting systems, in their centralised nature, are subject to manipulation as well.
Think of it this way: Twitter was an app which aimed to allow instantaneous short text messages to be broadcast to an infinite, or restricted, amount of people. Now it has become a news source for journalists. All I am saying is who knows where it could go...
@_date: 2013-10-31 14:32:01
I disagree. If you require random human interaction, such as voice interaction, movement, possibly even biometric inputs, then you can ensure input came from a human.
@_date: 2013-11-01 11:41:02
Cheers for that...
Am reading up on Zero-knowledge proofs, secure multi party computation and such. Much to think about.
Like I said, not a maths person, but will attempt to understand the underlying concepts. Thanks again for the pointer :)
@_date: 2013-10-31 13:03:31
Thanks for the feedback, I appreciate it.
I make no secret of the fact that this system would not prevent multiple accounts per user, and concede that this does limit the credibility of it for some polling purposes, especially official ones.
I however intend this to me more of a polling tool for anyone's use, where a big part of the disincentive for setting up multiple accounts is lack of incentive. The tool could be used for inane polls such as "do you like roses? (Y/N)", where voting multiple times, including the interaction and time required in generating an answer key (multiple CAPTCHA's?).
I agree that if it was mathematically improbable to be able to set up multiple accounts it would be better, but that is an area in which I am borderline illiterate.
Maybe added complexity such as making the IP address of the user at the time of sign-up part of the private key generation?
Again, I agree that all I have here is an idea, with many possible holes in it, not least of which are a barely-existent knowledge of the bit-coin maths stuff.
The motivation to post this was to build on the idea, maybe get people with math-ability to get interested... maybe get pointers on how to make something like this happen.
But thanks again for your feedback :)
Conswalo