@_author: consider_airplanes
@_date: 2019-10-03 18:30:40
You can install Brave browser, which is a Chromium fork but isn't run by Google, and use the addon with that.
Bonus: free universal adblocking, and comes with a crypto micropayment infrastructure to give tips to sites you like.
@_date: 2019-10-03 21:07:48
LTC grew in a universe where BTC already existed. As far as I can tell, it never had store-of-value demand remotely equivalent to BTC's (or even an SoV-demand/stock ratio near that).
S/F isn't the foundation of my investment. It's merely usefully predictive under circumstances that approximate the current ones. If I had to guess, I would say that the underlying causal driver is more like price always adjusting to match flow to new demand rate; if you hold new demand rate for assets constant (and assume all new demand is on net satisfied by flow), this yields a linear relation of S/F to market cap, as the model suggests. It's those two assumptions that differentiate metals/BTC from alts (and that will also inevitably break down as flow approaches zero).
Under this model, you should look for the S/F model to break down if BTC's new demand rate diverges sharply from that of metals, i.e. if the SoV demand in the market changes sharply.
@_date: 2019-10-03 18:41:21
The micropayment system uses a separate crypto (I think an Eth token).
I wouldn't hold it, but it works fine as a payment system for tips.
@_date: 2019-10-04 00:06:41
"Built deterministically" means that the compilation (the process that turns source code that humans write into executable code that computers run) was done via specific careful steps, so that anyone can compile the same source code and ensure they got exactly identical executable code. That means you can get the executable code from Bitcoin Core and check that it really comes from the Bitcoin Core source.
Electrum is built without taking all that extra trouble, which means different people can compile the same source code and get executables that look different (even though they do the same thing). That makes it much harder to check that the executable you download from Electrum really comes from the Electrum source code.
@_date: 2019-10-11 19:43:24
All real assets are depreciating, that's the nature of entropy. Appreciating assets only have any value insofar as you can trade them for depreciating real good/services.
@_date: 2019-10-03 18:27:49
This isn't how it works. Supply and demand drive price -- halve the supply, and the price _must_ rise (assuming demand doesn't drop by a comparable amount).
The halving can be "priced in" by front-loading the rise in price associated with it; you could interpret the rise from $3k lows as being the early part of this effect. But after mid-2020 you'll still have similar demand chasing half the supply. The price will rise; it just won't be a simple knife-edge function like the actual supply shock is.
@_date: 2019-10-08 20:14:11
Futures trades can only affect the spot market by arbitrage, and arbitrage is still limited by the supply cap. Futures markets can push the price up (if they turn arbitrageurs into holders), but not really down.
@_date: 2019-10-02 20:40:46
When last I recall, their finance minister didn't even believe that price inflation had anything to do with money supply inflation. Merchants deciding to charge more after they printed five trillion new banknotes were just evil wreckers.
If they were, like, sane, this could be a really good move for them (and for Bitcoin). Given it's this crew, though, my hopes aren't high.
@_date: 2019-08-30 16:38:02
If people stop believing in the value of the fiat, they'll stop using it whatever the government says. See every hyperinflation episode ever.
In first-world nations, the population continues using the fiat currency because the governments have successfully avoided inflating them too hard. If that stops happening, government mandates won't prevent people from going to other things.
@_date: 2019-10-03 19:44:57
Fine, "rate of supply change", then.
The point is, to sustain prices at any given level, the rate of supply change from mining must be matched by a rate of demand change from new investment. At $8k prices, that's ~$14M per day. If rate of supply change drops in half, in the long run prices must increase to match new supply with new demand, i.e. doubling the price (on average).
(and obviously rate of new demand is very far from constant, and it's the major factor in large price changes. But unlike the rate of new demand, rate of new supply is at least predictable.)
@_date: 2019-10-03 19:26:50
Obviously S/F is a limited model, as all models are limited. There's a good argument that the market dynamics of BTC are much more similar to established monetary-commodity markets like gold or silver than either are to alts, which have direct monetary demand very small compared to either stock or flow.
Consider: you could create an alt tomorrow with a 5-million-coin premine that only mints two coins per ten-minute block, giving a S/F of 50 or so. Obviously, no one would expect this alt to achieve the $10T gold-like market cap that a naive S/F model would predict. Why? Because no one is holding Hypothetical Garbage Alt as a store of value. Likewise, no one or nearly no one holds even large alts as an investment; the ones that have a decent use case to them all revolve around payment-network stuff.
S/F is a model of the market, and thus you have to use it to model the market, rather than any inherent fundamental feature of the commodity. BTC differs from alts in that its stock has grown organically along with its store-of-value demand. This is why an S/F model is (provisionally) predictive for both BTC and metals, and not for alts.
(Meanwhile, a more sophisticated S/F model wouldn't be a pure linear relation, and so wouldn't predict infinite values as flow drops to zero. The linear equation is an approximation for conditions kinda like now. But the conditions in 2020-2021 probably won't be wildly different than they are now, so the linear S/F prediction for that period is probably pretty reasonable.)
@_date: 2019-10-11 19:41:36
If you made 30000 in realized capital gains, you had better claim and pay taxes on it, or else you're asking for problems much more costly than the ~4500 tax bill.
You can certainly say that the tax is illegitimate, but from the standard of individual prudence it's much preferable for any given individual to pay it.
@_date: 2019-10-08 17:21:35
It's very likely that the low is in; I don't think anyone really expects that we'll drop below ~$3100 again, which was the actual low price. That doesn't mean that we won't drop below the current levels. 
This phase of the cycle is always volatile. That means downs as well as ups.
@_date: 2019-10-08 17:22:52
The people who bought for the halving will sell, which is why the price increases associated with the halving are spread out over the two years or so surrounding the actual event, rather than being a knife-edge function like the halving itself. That doesn't mean halving supply rate doesn't still make the price go up.
@_date: 2019-10-11 22:40:41
It is if you don't upkeep it.
(to be precise, property value is land value + facilities value; former is very complicated but often appreciating, latter is a depreciating real asset subject to entropy just like a car)
@_date: 2019-10-08 18:31:03
No one expects that it will drop back to $1, therefore it will.
No one expects that it will top $100k by December, therefore it will.
@_date: 2019-09-24 17:08:29
The obvious form of "quantum upgrade" would be to a new, quantum-resistant but classically-computable public-key algorithm. This would probably look like any one of the past new-output-form upgrades, like P2SH and so on.
Thus, coins in old-form UTXOs would remain and still be spendable. Whether they could be quantum hacked depends on specifics; if an address has ever been spent from, then its public key is known and can be inverted via quantum computing (and thus a quantum hacker could take the coins), but if not, then all that's publicly known is a hash of the public key, and that probably can't be inverted by quantum.
@_date: 2019-09-04 19:32:42
The problem with this kind of analysis is that, in reality, anything you ever see that looks exponential is actually just the first half of a logistic curve. Nothing grows forever. Bitcoin's price _must_ stop increasing eventually; in the best-case scenario, this happens when demand is fully saturated i.e. every person on the planet wants to hold all their liquid wealth in bitcoin, but likely the real endpoint is far short of this.
Thus, any decade-level analysis, to be serious, must be less about the exact parameters of the power law we _currently_ appear to be following, and more about when we can expect the current power law to stop applying. It's far from clear (though certainly possible) that we'll ever see $1M/BTC. (For reference, that would mean BTC had 2-3 times the current market cap of gold.) If we're already thinking in terms of decades, it doesn't really matter how fast we get to the final steady state; what matters is what the final steady state is, and you can't get that from a curve fit.
@_date: 2019-09-11 18:22:23
A scam post of the "deposit X bitcoins, get 2X bitcoins back" form.