@_author: consuelanator
@_date: 2013-04-25 07:53:32
I agree, probably one of the more philosophical approaches you can take in regards to money is the discussion of value since it is an entirely human construct (in regards to currency). The question of where money gets its value is an age-old question in the field of economics. The hardest part about this question is that anyone asking has most likely lived in a world in which a standard unit of exchange (currency) already existed and was accepted for trade. Therefore, it is valuable to us because people will accept it and that guarantee is reason enough to keep it as a store of value. But how does a currency *first* get accepted? This isn't asking how a country begins a rival paper currency amongst already established paper currencies, but how a currency in a form that has never before existed become accepted? 
Gold was visually appealing, scarce, and as a metal has other physical applications. It eventually became valued for these "intrinsic" values (and others not listed) and became valuable *because* humans wanted it. 
Bitcoin doesn't even exist physically. And yet, in 2009 the first bitcoins were created and a group of individuals (a relatively small group) already wanted them. They began to transfer some of their wealth into bitcoins, and trade the coins for other goods and services. They did this despite the fact that 99.99% of the world would not have accepted their unit of exchange at the time. 
Why? Bitcoin isn't visually attractive. You can't use it to make anything like you can with gold. You can't even use it as a paper weight! Yet the moment one human was willing to exchange it for something else, it was assigned value. Maybe the first person was crazy, fine. But look at the history of bitcoin, for the first couple of years people held onto it, traded it, *believed* in it. That stronghold of individuals valued something about bitcoin long enough for it to gain traction; and now it truly has potential to be a rival currency to a form of exchange that has dominated human trade for centuries. 
Value is that which someone wishes to gain or to keep. How does a currency allow humans to divide and transfer their value into tradable units? 
@_date: 2013-04-11 10:06:17
I'd ask that if you believe in Bitcoin fundamentally, you leave what you can in it. By that, an amount of money that won't destroy you, hell, if anything an amount that is relatively insignificant for you (depends on how much you value bitcoin for what it represents). I realize this is all very frustrating, but it is an inevitable result of any new technology. Whether this is a group out to destroy bitcoin, or a group that simply wants to push it to its limits because they can, the one sure thing bitcoin has is its fundamentals. All that makes it great: decentralized, anonymous (for the most part), available for all, etc. gives it the "intrinsic" value people claim it doesn't have. I agree that it would have been nice to have the exchange markets for bitcoin ready to scale to handle the sharp demand increases and these attacks (I even have a post on it earlier). But truth is, as a another redditor laid out for me, we face these problems because bitcoin relies on all of us (decentralized). So it relies on us to make the exchanges. Naturally, the exchanges will lag behind demand. But if the core group pulls out to "wait" for it to catch up, bitcoin will lose. The masses who don't value it for its fundamentals definitely won't stay, it is up to us. So again, if you have it, please leave some that won't break the bank and let it ride. 
@_date: 2013-04-25 08:43:47
I really appreciate this. I lack programming knowledge (though have recently begun studying) and so don't experience the same emotions when I look at source code (mostly because I can't read it). Your comment perfectly communicated the value you see in the source code of Bitcoin (in other words, Bitcoin qua Bitcoin) that I can only understand from a theoretical stand point; and yet, I'm sure there's much more that I could only understand from the actual experience. I thank you for helping me understand another fundamentally important source of value for Bitcoin.
In my defense, I was writing to a particular audience (OP, though the fact that I responded to a comment not written by the OP may not have made that clear) who made it apparent that he/she is not well versed in monetary philosophy. Therefore, in the context of my analogy (loosely, but I think understandably) to gold, "visually attractive" implied an attribute to a *tangible* object. However, I do realized "visual" is not limited to this context and in a broad sense, I very much so over generalized. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:59:04
Thank you!
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:51:50


I completely understand and agree with this demand of responsibility. The truth is I absolutely believe in the principles of bitcoin. However, as of yet I currently do not have nearly the technical background to achieve such a design and won't at the pace bitcoin is growing. This of course does not mean anyone owes it to me (just as I can't/nor would not demand Taggart Transcontinental provide me with free transportation!). I just simply worried that bitcoin's desire to circumvent intermediaries neglected the necessary transitional infrastructure to make bitcoin as widely accepted as those of us who believe in it ultimately want it to be. I don't think bitcoin will completely fail because of the core group that will always support it, I simply wondered if you thought the infrastructure could catch up (admittedly without my help) with demand before the "masses" abandon it. 


I have every right to complain. It's called freedom of speech, though maybe that's not a right you recognize yourself. I do not have the right to FORCE anyone to act. 
EDIT: Struggling with the quote, first post...sorry.