@_author: constantskeptik
@_date: 2015-04-03 13:51:27
Thats rather crass. You have to be more commerce oriented than that. The laws of commerce apply to everything in the United States, because everything is leveraged on debt. If you navigate these commerce laws following proper procedure, you can absolve yourself of the requirement to participate in the "public" and you will in effect nullify the contractual requirement to participate in the entire system. This means that you no longer accept or consider for use ANY federal instrumentation. This is prohibited by the impracticality of finding a substitute fungible common denominator such as the dollar that is based upon equity and not a promise of future payment, as the Federal Reserve System uses.  Its not impossible, merely impractical. As far as I know, the Treasury still controls the issuance and minting of coins. If we were to stop using Fiat Reserve money, and start using Treasury coins, controlled by the government, we would be able to recapture our economy from the perpetual debt machinations that currently run our banking system.
@_date: 2015-04-03 13:26:59
I disagree. The legitimacy is based upon a pledge of property. Your children, and their children. But can these children be liable for a contract made on their behalf when contracts must be made by individuals that understand the contract they are "considering" and accepting? No. So how is anyone alive today actually liable to pay federal taxes? If they don't dissent than any contract in their name is assumed legit but on a purely voluntary basis. There is no real penalty for non payment of personal federal taxes, because if you are using Federal Reserve Notes, you are using IOUs or debt obligation contracts. Since there is no equity in debt, you have no means by which to pay this debt with an asset or equity. It is the failure of the Treasury on the grandest scale that this oversight is permitted to exist in direct contradiction to common sense, common law, and the common man. Corporations were required to pay taxes, and resident aliens too. So which are we? Well, both actually. The federal "
System" lies directly on top of the states territory, an invisible overlap of two laws. This "Public Policy" declares that we are members of the U.S. Federal Corporation, a foreign territory to the original United States. The one exemption is the Washington D.C. area, which is not bound by public policy, ironically. So, Naturally, politicians exempted themselves from Federal Income tax in this way. This is why Justice Scalia declared on t.v. on 60 minutes years ago and said "The constitution is a dead document, not a living document" It has been usurped and rendered impotent by Public policy portended as "color of Law" Welcome to the Cabal. If you expose this , you will be disbarred as a lawyer. So, as you can infer, lawyers are obliged to keep quiet about this or else. The barr is responsible for keeping common men out of court to exercise their rights through cost prohibitive and abuse of executive powers as a means of intimidation. We have all of these rights but we don't use them. Failure is forfeiture. Wake up and pay attention. This is all public record, it is just written in such a matter of fact way that you have to decompartmentalize it before realizing it.
@_date: 2015-04-03 12:54:09
To be clear, a majority of the Public Policy is a mirror image of Common Law, but, it actually is administrative, or "Statutory" Law. This system is not legitimate, it was established along with the IRS and Federal Reserve.  
@_date: 2015-04-03 12:51:36
Its not. All of these "color of law" orders are based upon a thing called "Public Policy" So, it isn't actually Law. The only clause is that you can invoke your common law rights.
@_date: 2015-04-03 13:55:33
He who fails to exercise his rights has none
@_date: 2015-04-03 13:54:39
Its not that I don't believe you, its that what you are describing is herd mentality oversimplification. Edward Bernayse would be so proud of the propaganda machine for the "old saying" that nothing in life is certain but death and taxes....what a joke. It defeats the common man for lack of understanding. My people perish for lack of knowledge.....
@_date: 2015-04-03 14:02:27
But it is not the only means. The press is explicitly mentioned because it was known even then that information was key to understanding, and a free flow of information would help prevent an out of control executive. The idea that we need "federal legislation" to protect "religious freedoms" is preposterous, but they tout it in the news as if it were legitimate. If our constitutional rights are protecting us from the government establishing any law regarding religion why do we even consider such nonsense? Because the public is by and large manipulated by media. We don't exactly have a FREE media. We have lost all of our rights via sheer ignorance through public perception.
@_date: 2015-04-03 12:48:41
@_date: 2015-04-03 12:49:44
@_date: 2015-04-03 13:57:41
I suppose you believe the 2nd amendment is only for hunting too? It is implicitly meant as a means of sedition upon a majority consensus that corruption of the political machine has invalidated government legitimacy and authority...