@_author: contribution05
@_date: 2018-03-02 07:11:46
"There have been 61,998 cash seizures made on highways and elsewhere since 9/11 without search warrants or indictments through the Equitable Sharing Program, totaling more than $2.5 billion. State and local authorities kept more than $1.7 billion of that while Justice, Homeland Security and other federal agencies received $800 million. Half of the seizures were below $8,800."
That was from a 2014 article. I'm sure that number is a lot higher now. I remember reading a story of a guy complaining that he had $5k seized from him as he was traveling to buy a used car, and the cops didn't care that he had a laptop showing his ebay purchase.
The government takes what it wants, and the only hope for the little guy is that their gaze doesn't fall upon you among the masses. Anything that puts the power back into the individual is for the better.
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:21:26
lol the panic and bickering is real now. 
Funny, people think that there are no new buyers out there, didn't even break $1 trillion on a global market. To me that means not many people were in the market to begin with.
As for RL examples, I know someone who panic sold recently at a loss. I also know someone who never got in the market during the run up who is now signing up on an exchange looking at this as a good time to buy.
For all the media attention, most people never touched this market, and even though some will leave to never return, there are definitely going to be new people jumping in.
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:34:28
The amount of people who actually bought crypto was extremely small. There are plenty of noobs still out there. They will be back.
@_date: 2018-03-19 06:41:17
You really give people too much credit. There were plenty straight up scams that people knew were scams and people still invested. So many alts that were deceitful and that didn't stop people from pouring money in them. Plenty of people who lost money from the Mt. Gox and swore off crypto still came back to it.
As soon as prices start going up again, normies will flood in again and throw caution to the wind like they did before even on the most obvious high risk scammy coins they did. This is why gambling/casinos are always so profitable because humans love the idea of getting rich quick.
@_date: 2018-02-21 23:35:27
Let me start off by saying Bitcoin feels like the a blue chip stock of crypto, I trust it the most long term.
As for alt coins, while yes they go down when BTC goes up, and they go down when BTC goes down, they sky rocket when BTC gets stagnant. That sky rocket period is what people try to time when trading in and out of alts. That's the way to maximize gains, but there is the risk of being a buy high/sell low person trying to do this.
As an Alt holder you would think when 2/3 scenarios cause your coin to go down that it wouldn't be worth it, but if you look at the gains the alts have had over the span of 6 months-1 year, that 1/3 scenario actually causes enough growth to still outpace BTC gains.
But again theres a lot of worthless alt coins that will probably fade away in the near future and be worth nothing, and even some of the promising ones might have the same thing happen. So I think BTC is the safest bet, but there is a reason people keep alts too.