@_author: controlledchaos77
@_date: 2014-05-17 13:59:16
I don't think the masses truly understand the legal theft that has become a daily occurrence, shifting money upwards to the 21century robbing Barrons. Think about this one issue. Every time you buy something, a percentage of your money goes to a third party of rich bankers that have made debit and credit cards the mechanism for purchasing. My Mother's small florist shells out a percentage of a sale to an entity because her client used his_her own funds to purchase an arrangement by phone. Mind you, this isn't money borrowed, it is money deposited into their account by their employer. Think about the billions of daily transactions where buyers and sellers musy pay fees just to interact. Why do these banks, that we the taxpayers constantly bailout, have their hands in every function of our lives. Bitcoin must survive and the system must be changed. It is time free citizens truly are free. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 14:10:19
The BF will either be taken over by the powerful or used as a tool to push the agenda of the global industrialists. The moment meetings are selective and closed, means it has become yet another exclusive club for the elite. The concept of making two parties pay a third party for the ability to conduct a transaction is system based theft. The masses are apathetic to their surroundings and cannot comprehend the con that is debit and credit cards. The rich continue to pickpocket the masses and small businesses. What is needed is a true peer to peer solution that eliminates the risks presently seen in Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 14:20:23
We need a currency that relates to production or services, not some random mining that has no real bearing on real world economics. For example, I am a florist and sell a $25 arrangement for $25 Anarchydollars (not 22and 3 to Masterpand FTd) ,  I would want to be able to order a $10 pizza for $10 Anarchydollars. If you can find a solution and software to make this happen,  solution solved! 