@_author: cookingboy
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:26:13
This plan paints the company in a rosy image, in fact so rosy it looks like a pitch deck to attract investors/buyers. 
If I have to guess, Mark prepared this back in January knowing something has gone horribly wrong with Mt.Gox, but he tried to cover it up by getting a capital injection from a large investor(s) and hopefully nobody notices the big gaping hole in Gox's coin reserve. 
If that speculation is true, then this would be his attempt to defraud investors as well, much like how Autonomy "fixed" its balance sheet and faked profit before selling itself to HP for a ridiculous valuation, and somehow incompetence during due diligence didn't catch it.
Mark was potentially aiming for the same thing. Except in this case he could have even been trying to sell the company and then relieve himself of any personal liability. By then the 700,000 missing coins would be the problems of the new owner, and he would be sipping pina colada on a beach somewhere...somewhere where Japanese jurisdiction does not reach.
@_date: 2015-01-14 21:04:16
Yeah right, if you actually EXPECTED it to be lower you'd have waited and bought it at the lower price.
@_date: 2016-03-05 00:37:46
Really? You actually think having poor communication skills is a positive? We are not talking about being concise or succinct here, we are talking about lack of communication, or worse, miscommunication.  
@_date: 2017-11-11 04:03:34
I know. I have some play money in it and I am just in for the gambling fun. Same as dropping 10k all on black. 
It’s sad when people put in their entire saving into this gamble because they hear stories about someone else struck rich. For each of those fabulous tales there are 5 people who lose a ton.
On the other hand, since you mentioned that you have a bearish outlook, where would you park your liquidity? Also what time frame are you thinking of? Crash in the next 3 months? 3 years? I have quite a bit of investments, and even though I can weather a recession fine, Id still like to mitigate the risk a bit.
@_date: 2017-11-11 02:00:47
I honestly don't know why you waste time arguing with the idiots on this sub. Nobody with savy financial knowledge treats Bitcoin as anything but digital tulip, and sure in the short term it can make some people very, very rich very quickly.
But my biggest case against Bitcoins in the long term? Every fan/bull case I've heard are from people who are complete idiots, and in the history of humanity it's always the few and smart that wins it all in the long term, and the mass fools lose everything in the end.
It's a great pump and dump, there will be billionaires minted, on the back of everyone else who lose everything before they can cash out.