@_author: coolraz
@_date: 2018-05-29 04:55:54
There are multiple addresses that have been obtained for Imad. I think you would have to prove that you have the real address and are not also trying to scam people..
@_date: 2018-03-01 03:44:33
I am sure they are not scamming every single user. Only the people that do large block trades. I know TrustPilot had multiple negative reviews and they were all removed. That's typical when companies pay to do that (like Yelp etc) and the service removes them due to some "terms of use" bs. 
If you can read Korean, or have google translate, you can read this here about a Korean user that got scammed: 
@_date: 2018-03-01 05:04:28
They have not been in business for a year. I also did some research and their UK business is completely fake, there is no one at that address associated with Cointal, and their phone number does not work (it's a voip number not a real UK number). Look you want to keep trading there it's fine. I just wanted to warn people because there is clearly a problem and it's being suppressed by those guys. I don't blame this Elizabeth White woman for deleting her post (cus apparently it was required of her in the deal she made with them) but for the community this NEEDS to be heard. I assume you are doing small trades so you are probably safe no one will scam you. But people doing $50k to $750k are the ones that got hit in this targeted scam. 
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:42:20
I just saw this. Not surprised...
@_date: 2018-02-28 01:59:21
I found out why this thread got deleted. Looks like these Cointal guys are fraudsters and are getting sued big time! 
@_date: 2018-02-28 14:28:05
No it was not removed by Reddit bot. If it's removed by reddit bot it will say so. It was clearly removed by OP.
I really don't know whether they were trying to do the right thing or not. It doesn't sound like it, they stories don't add up at all (when you read the convo and listen to the voice call). Not to mention, they ADMITTED there was a hack 2 months AFTER it happened (while during that time apparently this user kept trying to contact them). And then on top of that, they promised to pay the user and then stopped (hence the lawsuit). 
Oh and I looked it up and the scam user (SamB) is STILL ACTIVE on the site. So if they were trying to do the right thing...wouldn't they have banned/removed him?
Also, you can see from the comments (in the original thread) there were other users that were scammed. I also saw reviews on Trustpilot from other users and a post on Twitter. This person is clearly not the only one, although it sounds like she was scammed for a lot of $ so she took the time to get lawyers etc involved. 
Of course it will come out in a court of law. I have a feeling this story goes even deeper. I will be watching the filings closely as this is very interesting indeed.....