@_author: coolshitblog
@_date: 2016-02-12 02:38:07
Which is a scenario that seems to be inching closer by the day. 
@_date: 2012-05-09 03:30:49
You make a lot of good points in favor of Bitcoin, but I take issue with part of your argument. Specifically this: 


Why would the gold standard require that the gold in circulation be equal in value to all of the goods, services and assets in the world economy? What theory of money postulates that this would be or should be the case?
Regardless of your definition of money, or how your prefer to measure the total money supply in the United States; there is no economist alive, of any school, who would claim that it is equal to the value of all assets within the United States.
Under the gold exchange standard, which preceded the rise of the Federal Reserve, the supply of money redeemable for gold was far less than U.S. GDP. Banks practiced fractional reserve lending, and even then - the total value of all currency and bank deposits was never equal to the total value of all assets in the United States. And why should they be equal? Why should we assume that gold would be valued in those terms if it were returned to it's role as money? 
The Austrians don't argue that. They don't even agree on 100% reserve banking. Mises argued in favor of free banking (let the market decide optimal reserve levels) while Rothbard argued for 100% reserve. 
Your arguments in favor of Bitcoin over gold are generally strong. You do not need to resort to making straw man arguments. 
@_date: 2012-05-05 01:24:56
Thanks, this is useful. 
@_date: 2011-08-04 19:57:10
Interesting, I'm going to read up on this. Thanks. 
@_date: 2011-08-05 17:12:55
Being able to move BTC between exchanges isn't the same as being able to fill orders across all of the exchanges from the same account. If I own shares in GOOG, I can transfer that position between multiple brokerage accounts (in basically the same fashion as transferring Bitcoin between exchanges) but I can also sell my position to any other trader in the world, regardless of where they've set up their brokerage account. It may seem like a small difference, but in practice it has fairly significant ramifications in terms of liquidity and stability of the BTC marketplace. 
@_date: 2011-08-05 17:09:24
Did not know that. Wow. That's a much larger fuck up than I was lead to believe had occurred. 
But at the end of the day, that's a solvable security problem. The CME doesn't have an issue with traders creating fake oil futures contracts; so there's no reason, other than sheer incompetence, that this should remain an issue if traders could fill orders across exchanges.  
@_date: 2011-08-04 19:55:55
If you sell 400k of Bitcoin through a central clearing facility where orders from all brokerages can be filled, then you're much less likely to knock out all buy orders (What happened in the MtGox flash crash when $/BTC went to 0.01) than you would be if you're restricted to buy orders from MtGox alone. This is true because there would be a greater number of buy orders available to the seller. 
You're right that siloed exchanges prevent the seller from crashing all market places - but the tendency will be for the other exchanges to trade down anyway if MtGox crashes. Let me explain. 
If the $/BTC rate drops massively on MtGox but not on TradeHill, astute speculators (with multiple accounts) will buy on MtGox and sell on TradeHill - netting the difference. This will tend to bring the price into equilibrium even if the exchanges aren't connected. 
As the Bitcoin market matures, this sort of speculation will develop and will help cushion massive declines. It's just a lot more inefficient than having central clearing.  
Now obviously the 400k scenario is an outlier, and it's unlikely that any real trader would sell off his entire stash at such a steep loss. There's really not much that can be done technically to deal with that, other than installing circuit breakers after certain % moves up / down. If an individual trader controls 5.7% of the Bitcoin market, and that trader decides he needs to liquidate his position immediately; it's going to cause a massive price drop regardless of whether you have central clearing or not.  
Even if there isn't a central exchange and we allow traders from one exchange to view and fill orders in other exchanges, as you propose, you could still crash $/BTC to 0.01 on all exchanges if someone sold a truly massive amount of Bitcoin. Your proposal doesn't solve that problem.
@_date: 2016-07-22 17:21:54
That's a terrible law. 