@_author: coolio247
@_date: 2015-12-21 00:28:36
Guys, do you realize that Coinbase has already lost two U.S. banking relationships? SVB and Silvergate. Now they are left with some bank in New York. If I were you, I would leave Coinbase, they are a sinking ship, can't hold a U.S. bank account and will soon be probably fined by the government, think FinCEN like the Ripple fine. Its a sinking ship, get off before you lose your btc.
@_date: 2015-12-21 00:35:06
Hahahahaha, so you help them patch up their big holes and they reward you by banning you. Classic Coinbase. They blow and they will be going down soon, just got an email that they are on their third Bank account, some bank in New York. Garbage and they look at every f***ing thing you do, even after your coins leave them. They are looking at the blockchain to see where you move your coins. If they haven't banned you now, they will after you go to LBC or paxful.
@_date: 2015-12-04 02:09:50
If you don't want the hassle of KYC or Government probing eyes, buy your coin with cash (localbitcoins.com, libertyx, Bitcoin Meetups) and keep your XBT as XBT. The minute you want to convert your XBT to fiat then all the KYC/AML/Gov't and ID things will kick into gear. What everyone doesn't understand is that you can't have your cake and eat it too. Keep it as a cash to xbt transaction and you will be ok, the minute that you want ACH/Wires/Bank Transfers/Credit Crads/Gift Cards/Skrill/Paypal/etc. to buy XBT then you are BEGGING for government oversight. Cash for XBT is the ONLY solution for the Privacy/drug buying/keep your government out of my life/libertarian/Rand Paul fans out there. 
Coinbase and all the other exchanges will get shut down in the US if they do not collect ID, validate your identity, monitor transactions and report the shady Caca. Why is that so hard to understand?
Not happy with the "invasion of privacy"? Then buy straight up with Cash. Problem Solved. FYI, everyone knows that after Ripple was hit with a huge fine by the govt that Coinbase is next. They say that the IRS and finsen (Fed gov) is already at Coinbase and they will be dropping the fine hammer on them for things similar to ripple. 
@_date: 2015-11-16 02:45:33
Hahahaha, money laundering 101. Mix clean money with dirty money at such a ratio that the mix becomes undistinguishable. Mixers currently do not have enough clean coinage to achieve the right ratio. Besides, if the coin is clean no need to mix. What could you be up to that you need to mix? Heroin? Gun smuggling? terror financing? They will find it, they have become way better at identifying these things. Besides, why would you want to engage in these terrible things?
@_date: 2015-11-29 18:32:03
Who cares? Bitcoin use in Ukraine and Russia driven up by the Cryptolocker ransom ware scam and Bitcoin theft scams. When we see Bitcoin usage occur away from Localbitcoins and occur on legal exchanges, then we will see Bitcoin being accepted legitimately. Until then, it will be in the shadows. Sad. 
@_date: 2015-11-16 02:53:29
Are you serious? Bernie is right. We need to break up these huge megalith banks that have become too much of an economic risk for the people of the US. If they fail, we will need billions and billions of TAX PAYER MONEY to bail them out. If Citibank or JPMC or Bank of America were to fail, the cost would be huge. Why? Because they are too big and instead of allowing them to fail and unwind them, they could cripple our economy in the US. Its best to prune them to a manageable size not let them become obese tax burdens. Bernie is 10000000000000% right on this point. 
@_date: 2015-11-16 02:49:46
The reason they are searching is because Ukraine and Russia hold the highest concentration of black market and Cryptolocker related coinage that is out there. These two markets are probably the darkest of the dark market aspects for bitcoin. Wonder why it hasn't gone mainstream? Ask the old man down the road who has to seek bitcoin out to pay a ransom because his old dusty PC just became locked through a malicious link and now he needs to find the 2 XBT payment to send to some ransomware a-hole hacker in Ukraine/Russia.
@_date: 2015-11-15 14:22:21
Again, here is the issue. The government will *ALWAYS* seek to track cash. ALWAYS. Keep your funds in virtual currency and do not seek to cash out in government funds and you don't have this issue. Also when we allow "dark net" type purchases in heroin, gun smuggling, red rooms views and other disgusting items to be associated with virtual currency, we allow the ideas and principles to be lumped with illicit behavior. If we stomp this activity out and do not provide venues for this with our virtual currency we will be less of a target.  
@_date: 2015-11-14 03:01:06
Admiralrooney was banned on twitter. also check out  on twitter. coinbase trying to hide this information. 
@_date: 2015-11-15 14:18:38
But isnt the great fallacy that we *expected* to be able to convert bitcoin to government currency without any scrutiny. If you keep your funds in Bitcoin and transact only in Bitcoin then you will not have issues. The true larger issue is that people want to hop back and forth from bitcoin to government currency and that will never be allowed without some sort of scrutiny. Anyone who thinks that an established exchange will allow this without any review is just naive. If you truly want anonymity then stay with Bitcoin and do not seek to convert it back to government issued currency.  
@_date: 2015-10-27 19:58:53
YIKES. Pakistan? isn't that where the taliban and al qaeda are hiding? no wonder they closed those accounts.  