@_author: cooperstevenson
@_date: 2016-01-31 15:57:33
I didn't write the paper! :)
@_date: 2016-01-31 16:14:34
Okay, I'll do it. Maybe you'd like to comment on what you'd do to fix the issues in the paper...
@_date: 2016-01-31 16:30:06
had some insightful comments in reply to the original post. Here they are (edited for context):
There are numerous, very serious flaws both in the paper itself and the idea, as far as I can tell (without yet having read it all).
1. I fail to see the point of using a QR code as a message format within an image - the image already must be transmitted digitally, so why wouldn't the plaintext payload just be directly hidden in the steg'd image data? This idea completely bypasses the entire point of QR codes, which is to be machine-readable from analog media. The transmission must already be digital (and of significant resources, if you're serious about recommending .bmp as the container format), so I fail to see literally any point whatsoever in bringing QR Codes into the mix. Not to mention that the QR Code format is proprietary...
2. Why are you using such weird ciphering schemes? And why are you rolling your own crypto at all? Symmetric crypto is quite mature - why not just use an already well-reviewed and highly secure library for a well-reviewed system, like AES, Salsa20, TwoFish, etc.? The very first and most important rule of coding crypto is DON'T ROLL YOUR OWN CRYPTO, and that's for very good reason.
3. A vernam cipher? Seriously? Have we learned nothing from the RC4 break? Where is the keystream coming from? Can you trust CSPRNG? Does the system even make use of one?
4. Cryptanalysis is hardly worthy of the name, and is not a reflection of your actual threat model. If the authors are not a cryptographer or cryptologist, I wouldn't bother trying to do your own cryptanalysis - although if you were using an actually secure cryptosystem like those named above, you wouldn't need to, anyway. The cipher choice and demonstrated attacks appear to be literally decades out of date.
5. The "password" functionality seems to be completely pointless - all it does is allow the software to... parse the LSBs from the image. And it's not even stored in the image with a KDF or anything, not that it would matter... What is the intended purpose of this "steganography password?" Note that attackers will simply modify your code or write their own to ignore this "password" functionality - and it will not be difficult to do, even for an extremely novice programmer.
6. I see no mention of Message Authentication Codes anywhere in the system. This is a mistake. Also, be sure to use Encrypt-Then-MAC ("ETM") as other schemes have demonstrated weaknesses in recent years.
7. There are numerous, glaring spelling, tense and grammatical mistakes throughout the paper, which are forgivable to an extent, but are definitely not helping the authors, here.
8. The paper offers no comparisons to existing image steg systems, like OutGuess, StegHide, whatever that new one that Bram Cohen is working on is, etc. Why not? I would say that such comparisons would be an essential part of a paper like this.
9. A system reliant on BMP images in 2016 completely defeats the purpose of steganography, as such images stand out like a sore thumb (and are difficult to transport, besides) in the age of GIF, JPEG and PNG.
The intensions of this paper and efforts are exceptional, and I'm very glad that work is done in the field. But I think the authors may need to get a better handle on how things are done before diving in and publishing their own papers like this.
This is a solid effort and a noble project, though, and I look forward to seeing whatever they come up with, next!
@_date: 2016-01-31 16:01:16
Would you mind if I shared your reply with the group? Alternatively, would you mind posting as a reply to my 'fixed link' submission?
What do you think about using a PGP based encryption algorithm for the QR code?
@_date: 2016-01-31 15:38:18
Thanks I'll remove this post and relink.