@_author: coopa99673
@_date: 2017-01-12 18:45:33
? slightly confused but i guess ill give it a shot...1Dqb7a56fRwPwNJGaXYH2uMtDztGB4Rd4B
@_date: 2017-01-22 19:49:39
If you still need this then post your address and i will give you the $3 in btc.
@_date: 2017-01-11 02:05:04
Lol. That tx id is showing as not valid for me. Lost bitcoin only creates more scarcity, which is a good thing to those who hold.
@_date: 2017-01-11 02:15:01
Oh i see now I used blockchain.info and it shows as tx already rejected for the reason you stated...you should be able to go back to where you originally sent from and resend with a priority fee...what wallet are you sending from?
@_date: 2017-01-11 02:30:30
If the tx was rejected just make sure its now back in your wallet and if so resend with higher fees. Once it's rejected it should be sent back to your original wallet. 
@_date: 2017-01-22 01:54:03
1BG96pqz29ZTNrrcCroiCkS6b7mRSKrjnk   , I don't know how to link my qr code so i hope this works.
@_date: 2017-01-22 04:15:06
Thank you!
@_date: 2017-01-11 02:50:52
Ahh I see that makes perfect sense...thank you.
@_date: 2017-01-22 02:44:15
Yes, intense anal sex in the disney hotel!
@_date: 2017-01-22 01:43:46
Sitting at a table that afternoon under the Paris moonlight, love was in the air. As Theymos sipped his latte, Ver was hastily tweeting his love for all things Bitcoin. "I appreciate your enthusiasm honey but I wish you'd be content to just spend time with me instead of tweeting all the damn time", Theymos said as he glanced toward Roger. "I know, I know" Ver responded, "I just feel so happy that we've finally put aside our differences and formed our joint subreddit. I can't believe how successful it's been". "Who would've ever imagined a scoundrel like you would finally see the light" "I may be a scoundrel, but I'm your scoundrel" said Ver as he smirked at Theymos. "I'm just so happy I put all that r/btc bullshit behind me and declared my love for r/bitcoin" Ver said before standing and grabbing his coat, "I'll see you in the room tonight honey" he smiled as he walked away. 
Things hadn't always been this way, there was a time when competition between the two subreddits was a source of contentious debate and both Theymos and Ver thought of eachother as the enemy. Not anymore. In the summer of 2018 they both by coincedence were booked as speakers at the New York Bitcoin Subreddit Conciliation Conference and had accidentally been given the same time slot as the other. As they both took the stage that day, one could hear a pin drop as they glared at each other. After a few choice words, they began to duel. They first threw punch after punch and then they took the fight to the ground. As Ver sat on top of Theymos, the atmosphere in the room changed, and their eyes met. "We both want the same thing" said Ver, "Y-Y-You're right" stuttered Theymos "We both ultimately want Bitcoin to succeed". It was after this exchange that they suddenly realized that their energy shouldn't be spent fighting each other, but fighting the true enemy of Bitcoin. As they exited the stage that day, whispers were heard amongst the rowdy crowd that they had kissed backstage. 
The fight was quickly forgotten on reddit, but about a month after the conference, Roger Ver began posting on At first he was ridiculed as only trying to get in Theymos' pants, but soon he was actively generating constructed conversations and then was welcomed as a new mod to the subreddit and he apologized for his foolishness in the past. Within a year Ver and Theymos had started a new subreddit-and it was met with considerable excitement. One night in late December, right after Christmas, Ver surprised Theymos with tickets to the Bahamas. Theymos imagined that it would be a nice friendly vacation for them both to relax and unwind. Little did he know though, that it was much more than that. After their plane landed they made their was to the Disney Bahamas resort and Theymos was speechless when he learned they would be staying in the penthouse suite. As he opened the door, he was greeted by a trail of rose buds which led to the bed. On the bed was Ver, with his chest exposed showing a fresh tattoo of the BTC symbol and the name "Theymos" over his heart. Theymos began to cry and met Ver on the bed where they would lay for the next couple hours. 
That night he would be surprised even more. Ver drove for an hour to a restaurant on the beach. Theymos didn't know what to expect. He just thought they were going to enjoy a nice meal. When they arrived he gasped at the sight of an empty restaurant. "What's going on honey" he said, "Oh just wait and see sugarcakes" Ver replied. As they walked through the doors on the restaurant they were greeted by candlelight and a Mexican band quietly serenading them in the background. "This is all for you baby" Ver said as he kissed Theymos' cheek, "You shouldn't have"Theymos replied. As the words left Theymos' mouth, Ver took a knee and began to cry. "Will you marry me?" he said through his trembling. "Oh Oh my god" theymos cried, "I will!". They both hugged and ate their meal that night on the island. That day has gone down in Bitcoin history as the result of the most unlikely relationship of all time.