@_author: coopdude
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:29:09
Why equate criminality with absolute common sense? Mark Whitacre informed the FBI about the Lysine price fixing conspiracy by his employer ADM (among others) and then [proceeded to embezzle $9 million out of ADM while acting as a whistleblower]( guy ended up spending way more time in jail than many of the executives he acted as a whistleblower against. Enron's auditor started shredding documents as that house of cards collapsed and regulators moved in.
Particularly for Bitfinex and Tether, neither are American companies. If they believe they can ignore the subpoena, or ride a potential scam/ponzi scheme out until they withdraw the money and go live in a country that will not extradite to the US, they could easily continue to increase the scale of any fraud they may have committed. Even if neither was true, it still wouldn't stop them from doing it if they wanted to (even if that's a really dumb idea).
@_date: 2018-02-06 13:46:05
Agreed for a couple reasons:
1) Credit card debt is unsecured debt. If someone loses their wallet, or is scammed/hacked, or just buys it and holds but then loses value (and they sell it off), the bank has no recourse to get the money back if the person declares bankruptcy. (Even if the person doesn't, getting a judgment and garnishing wages can be very costly, they'll usually sell debt off for pennies on the dollar after some period of non-payment to a junk debt buyer).
2) The dispute resolution procedures of credit cards is heavily pro-consumer and a consumer can dispute months after the fact. Even on card not present (online) transactions where the seller is generally liable on the sale of a virtual good (nothing to ship, so no confirmed shipping address) and a chargeback would result in the bank getting reimbursed, it's still tremendously risky for the bank to allow the charge.
Wire transfers are easier for the banks because the person making the wire needs it up front, and once the receiver's bank gets it, that's it. There is no credit card dispute, there is no check bouncing, it's done and over with. Any reverse wire is at the consent of the recipient of the original wire.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:08:00
They attested the amounts while pointing out that in September when there was $443 million listed in documents provided by Tether ([via an Arstechnica article](
1) $60 million belonged to an individual, with a supposed paper agreement that Tether could get access to it (but they could not guarantee access)
2) The information provided by Tether was insufficient to determine if the funds Tether claimed to have access to allowed Tether free access to it, or if the "*funds are committed for purposes other than Tether token redemptions*." One possible example of that is Bitfinex loaning the money to Tether solely so they could pass the review in September.
Since then (and since the subpoena in December) tether has been printing like crazy, up to $100M a day in January , a 5x+ increase since the opinion in September. It's theoretically possible that tether has actually received and kept $1 USD wired to them for every $1 tether they've issued, but given the fact that US regulators are after them, the unprecedented rate of making more tether, and their auditor severing all ties, it does not pass the smell test right now.
@_date: 2018-02-06 13:34:37


stop the presses, right? why would this be a surprise to anyone?
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:03:45
[Arstechnica had a writeup on a couple of pretty big "gotchas" in the September "opinion" Friedman provided]( The amount of disclaimers on the previous opinion in September 2017 puts some doubt on the solvency, since it's the most recent information to go on (and even then it's not that reliable).