@_author: coopster
@_date: 2012-10-17 19:43:24


If someone puts money into a bank, the bank loans out more than they put in.  Saving money that way adds to circulation.
If someone puts money into the market via a fund or direct stock purchase, they give the money to a company that will spend it. Money stays in circulation.  If the company doesn't spend it, they will put it into a bank.  See above.
_THIS_ is why hoarding BTC is going to be much worse than 'hoarding' USD.
@_date: 2012-08-20 15:43:43


That's the problem.  There is a large incentive to wait, so the entire economy grinds down to the question of "do I need this _now_, or would I rather buy it cheaper later?"  Why should a business with Bitcoin capital invest it in anything when it makes money just sitting in the wallet?
I couldn't really guess what the overall effect of this would be, but I would think that whatever effect it is will be pretty significant.  
@_date: 2012-08-20 15:29:14
I've always wondered why no one is addressing the main problem with the Bitcoin economy.  We know that we will hit maximum Bitcoin count at some point.  We know that deflation will start to occur then, as coins will be lost or otherwise leave the economy permanently.  The main hope I've seen is that users will resort to exchanging arbitrarily small portions of a Bitcoin.  So, there will be significant deflation.
In an economy with deflation, the main problem is not a dwindling money supply, it's the increasing value of the remaining currency.  There's a similar phenomena happening now (and since the beginning of BTC):  when your existing currency seems to be arbitrarily increasing in purchasing power, ***why spend it***?
When a large portion of the market is hesitant to spend any Bitcoin because they believe it will become more valuable, what happens to the economy?
@_date: 2012-10-17 20:24:13


Come again?  Basic econ says that if demand is constant and supply goes up then cost goes down.  The housing crash didn't happen because people really wanted to buy houses but there were not enough for sale...
In my reply, I'm referring to the current BTC 'market', where we have 100% of circulation made up of 22% of BTC.  The circulation is the market, and the BTC-USD value is a good reference.  The flood of supply that I'm referring to would be 78% more BTC suddenly coming into circulation from hoarding.  Suddenly instead of that 22% of BTC making up 100% of the market, it only makes up 22% of the market.  
If the remaining 7.019 million BTC enter the market right now, it would fill every single sell order on MtGox.  In fact, that would still happen if less than 1% came into the market right now.  So, that would bring the "sell" price of BTC-&gt;USD down to $0.  That would be the crash.
@_date: 2012-10-17 19:40:45


That's not how it works with any currency at all though, that's the problem. The disconnect here is with your notion of "savings"; when people save money, they don't remove it from circulation. When people save Bitcoin, they decrease the amount of BTC in circulation.
When I save USD in the bank, the bank turns around and loans that USD to someone else. My not using the money doesn't mean the overall amount of currency has changed. So, if I have a billion USD in savings, then withdraw it and spend it, the USD market is unaffected.
If I have a billion BTC in savings, the BTC market shrinks by a billion. There is literally less BTC to go around because I'm hoarding. The effect of this is that the market shrinks, and the relative value of BTC changes. If someone hoards 78% of all BTC, then the remaining 22% seems more valuable. This is directly responsible for the value of BTC in USD; I'm trying to buy BTC with USD, but I have to compete for the available 22%. If someone suddenly releases that 78% into the market, the market will crash spectacularly. BTC value is based on the "apparent value" of the 22% in circulation making up the entire BTC market, and then suddenly that's not the case.
__TL;DR__: Saving $1bn keeps the USD in circulation. Saving 1bn BTC removes it from circulation. This is why "hoarding" will be much more detrimental than we think of traditional "saving".
@_date: 2012-09-13 08:12:33


BTC exists in the real world.  He fraudulently offered services, accepted goods with known monetary value, etc.  I'd bet that some sort of wire fraud applies here, it's pretty broadly scoped.
@_date: 2012-10-17 19:44:29


And what happens to a market that was restricted in supply but suddenly gets flooded with supply? It crashes.  This is the problem.
@_date: 2012-09-13 08:11:21
The word you're looking for is "fraud", and it is a crime.
@_date: 2012-08-18 07:22:07
This idea is great, but the author uses hand-waving to downplay the huge amount of very hard problems...




The hard part is not figuring out the technical details of automatically provisioning servers in the cloud.  That's trivial and already solved; IBM or Amazon would be happy to provide an API for that.
The hard part would be automagically providing some profitable service.  There's nowhere near any sort of AI good enough to develop or improve such a service on its own; you're reduced to having to design the service yourself.  At that point, what does an 'agent' contribute?
Take the example service from the article:


The disk and bandwidth themselves are provisioned from some provider.  The agent is now just trying to perform some arbitrage by selling a low cost service at a higher price without contributing anything.  Why not just buy the disk space from the original provider?
There's no point in having a detailed protocol for 'agents' to roam around the cloud if the base assumption is that somehow AI will be able to produce profit from nothing...
@_date: 2012-10-17 19:39:33


That's not how it works with any currency at all though, that's the problem.  The disconnect here is with your notion of "savings"; when people save money, they don't remove it from circulation.  When people save Bitcoin, they decrease the amount of BTC in circulation.
When I save USD in the bank, the bank turns around and loans that USD to someone else.  My not using the money doesn't mean the overall amount of currency has changed.  So, if I have a billion USD in savings, then withdraw it and spend it, the USD market is unaffected.
If I have a billion BTC in savings, the BTC market shrinks by a billion.  There is literally less BTC to go around because I'm hoarding.  The effect of this is that the market shrinks, and the relative value of BTC changes.  If someone hoards 78% of all BTC, then the remaining 22% seems more valuable.  This is directly responsible for the value of BTC in USD; I'm trying to buy BTC with USD, but I have to compete for the available 22%.  If someone suddenly releases that 78% into the market, the market will crash spectacularly.  BTC value is based on the "apparent value" of the 22% in circulation making up the entire BTC market, and then suddenly that's not the case.
__TL;DR__: Saving $1bn keeps the USD in circulation. Saving 1bn BTC removes it from circulation.  This is why "hoarding" will be much more detrimental than we think of traditional "saving".
@_date: 2013-03-04 20:56:01


Thank you!  I don't think I've ever gotten a real response to the question of "If my BTC is 'guaranteed' to be worth more in 2 months than it is right now, why would I ever spend it right now?  If no one is spending and everyone is hoarding, how do you have 'an economy'?" 
I love the idea behind crypto-currency, BTC, and "non-centrally controlled currency" in general.  In particular, I don't know that BTC is going to work out well in the end.
I know that there are some real believers behind/in BTC, but it really seems like all discussion about BTC is at least 75% drooling speculators...
@_date: 2013-06-01 05:03:41


Minor pedantic correction: your goal will be to make back the money you spent, plus inflation, plus the return that you would have gotten if you'd invested the money in another way.
Can't set aside losses due to inflation or the opportunity cost of not investing elsewhere.
@_date: 2013-03-04 17:57:21


You throw that out there like it's a _small_ difference.  Having the money to back his ideas and a track record of actually seeing these ideas through to implementation is not a small difference...