@_author: copiousdrinking
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:59:05
Actually good point, perhaps bringing up issues around hacking &amp; security is a bit of a moot point. Unfortunately the way in which most people would use bitcoin would leave them open to hacking, so I was probably a bit misrepresentative, which wasn't my intention.
Theft of currency is by no means isolated to bitcoin, and I didn't mean to claim that even local bitcoin storage was foolproof (probably should have clarified that), but the risks are different and there are ways for consumers to protect themselves just as they can put locks on their doors.
@_date: 2014-02-16 11:49:30
Fair enough, just thought I'd give it a shot. Any ideas on how to improve it?
@_date: 2014-02-16 10:13:07
"Well when you send money to paypal, you've gotta trust them to give the other person money. What if Paypal went bankrupt? What if hackers stole your money from Paypal? What would happen to your money then?
The difference with bitcoin is that you don't have to trust anyone else with your money to be able to send it to someone, you just have to trust yourself."
@_date: 2014-02-16 12:21:47
Well they've happened with marketplaces &amp; exchanges, not with the currency itself. 
But it's a fair criticism. You can't claim that bitcoin is "unhackable" or anything like that, because to the average person, if your online wallet gets hacked into, it doesn't matter how much you try to weasle around it, your money has been stolen by hackers.
But as far as I know, bitcoin/related-cryptocurrencies are the only online currencies that emulate cash almost entirely.
@_date: 2014-02-16 12:24:36
Exactly. Long form investigative journalism CNN aint.
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:04:02
Wasn't my intention to mislead, but probably should've put more thought into what I wrote, you're right. The difference between having your money stolen on an online exchange or through viruses/malware/etc is moot, if your money is stolen your money is stolen.
You're right about MtGox &amp; the inherent risk of leaving money in an online exchange. Ideally consumer use of bitcoins would use a lightweight desktop client that stores things locally, but there's always a fine line between security and ease of use.
By virtue of being a digital currency it's always going to be vulnerable to hackers, thats why it's important for devs &amp; early adopters alike to make the standard of use one which secure.
Most people can afford security by obscurity, but that's an uneasy way to do it &amp; there definitely needs to be some security best practices ingrained into consumer use of bitcoin.
As if that'll happen? I dunno, I'll stay optimistic here and say... *maybe*. 
@_date: 2014-02-16 10:54:20
Oh yeah, I hope so too. I'd love for it to become a more developed and easy to use currency, and it seems like we're getting there. Still early days, who knows what uses we will find for it in 10 years?
@_date: 2014-02-16 21:09:21
Nice! It could use a bit of tidying up in the first half as most people would give you a blank stare when you start describing how money uses through the internet under normal circumstances, but a bit of education is never a bad thing.
That said, I'm not entirely convinced that fees currently in place by banks/credit card processors/etc are high enough for that to be a big enough incentive to get everyone to move. I know that in Australia I have no fees on any of my bank transfers within Australia, and if I pay with a credit card to buy something there's no fees on-the-top, although those could just be hidden.
Also I hardly use paypal unless it's just as a credit card processor, which is how the majority of people I know probably use it. Perhaps I'm getting fees and don't even realise, but if that's the case then I'm used to it and it's a non-issue.
All of that applies to small purchases though, I can't deny that sending a million or a billion dollars through bitcoin is much cheaper than doing it through traditional means. But I doubt the majority of people will ever make a single transfer that big in their life, so it's probably not the best example to use.
@_date: 2014-02-16 10:27:01
Agreed. While it's a good laymans explanation, you're going to be far more effective by explaining it in terms of use that are actually relevant.
I've still never heard a convincing argument as to why bitcoin is better than using a credit card for the average consumer except for having a different security risk, being more anonymous (not entirely), and having more freedom over what you can purchase.
So until you can get a simple explanation for that, I feel that bitcoin is going to be relegated to a hardcore user market.
That said, I still love using bitcoin, but it can still be a pain in the ass to use sometimes, and there's not much incentive for me to go through the hassle of using it unless I have to.