@_author: cor2
@_date: 2014-12-08 03:12:19
Askcoin has again turned up the volume of fake LTC traffic to 110 BTC per day, while there are only 0.2 BTC on either buy or sell side in the order book.
It is almost painful to watch their hypocrisy to keep pumping fake info into their exchange history in hopes that someone will get fooled and consider them a high volume exchange.
Unfortunately, for most it is a reason to *stay away* and they hurt their business running this scam...
@_date: 2014-11-22 22:47:19
Update: in the last days, the LTC "volume" on Askcoin has steadily increased and is now indicated at over 100 BTC per day. First it showed 101, now 110 BTC. How long is this charade going to last?
@_date: 2014-12-04 22:36:13
I am still monitoring Askcoin from time to time. THey have now wound down their fake volume in the top 5 coins to single digits BTC - apparently they found out that there is a serious backlash from this obvious fake volume, so they damaged their name and get even less volume than when they would be honest. So, they tweak the fake down until it looks sorta OK (even though a coin like Doge shows it is trading at 87 Sat, while everywhere else it is 61 Sat. Apparently nobody is trying to trade Doge at their site, so it is only fake volume).
I don't know that I would ever do business with them again or trust my coins there, with practices like this. How do we know they are not trying to manipulate price and cheat you out of coins that they then make a profit on themselves?
@_date: 2014-11-20 08:12:52
BTW, another way that you can detect that the traffic is fake (besides that none of the existing ask/offer bids are touched) is that every day the traffic goes up a little bit. Usually the traffic of a single coin (like LTC) will jump according to the mood in the markets. But on Askcoin, it continually rises. Last week the site claimed to do in the 60 BTC volume per day in LTC. Then it was in the 70's a few days later. Now it claims that 95 BTC of LTC-BTC trading is occurring per day. I am not sure that there is any exchange that is trading so much LTC every day and definitely not Askcoin, they are crooks. Stay away!
NOTE that one of the reasons to warn so sternly about them is that two weeks ago, I suddenly saw this spike of traffic on Askcoin and did not realize it was fake. So, I bought a large amount of LTC on another exchange (paying premium to get it quickly, because I saw high prices on Askcoin) and quickly sent all of it to Askcoin. I set up sell offers on Askcoin and then noticed that every time I entered a bid, the traffic would avoid the price up to that bid and only trade in between the existing ask and sell prices. Then I looked closer and saw none of the existing bids ever being traded, only fake traffic. So, after waiting a long time and seeing the same, I had to withdraw all my LTC and so I am trying to sell those back at the exchange where I bought them, but I am making a loss and still have almost 2 BTC worth of LTC waiting for the price to go high, because I bought these at a premium and the deception that Askcoin has created, caused me to lose money if I try to sell them now.
I can only say: avoid these tricksters, there is no traffic on that site, it is empty besides the fake volume.
@_date: 2014-12-26 04:33:37
In the last week or so I noticed that Askcoin has turned their fake volume down to something that would be move believable, but still even the 4 BTC of fake traffic per day of the same 4 coins that they have been injecting this into is well above the 0.1 BTC/d of all the other coins on their exchange. I suspect that after this scam, they will never attract any serious investors, only an occasional new/naive person who thinks (just like me initially) that they can make a good trade, only to find out that the "traffic" always disappears when they place an order...
@_date: 2014-11-20 23:29:23
Are there any before-and-after pictures of Jason? It is impossible to perform such an extreme feat, without equally extreme change in appearance. For example, he should have weighed about 100 lbs less towards the end of the run. If there is an arrival picture where he looks anything but wiry, then it is clear that he did not run more than a few miles. And running in less than half the time that a professional runner has managed this is.... unlikely. These questionmarks combined with the red flags from non-accountability lead to a total picture of a scam. It may still be proven true, but the chances of that happening appear to be very slim, because help is rejected - another red flag, so be warned and draw your own conclusions.
@_date: 2014-07-13 06:20:16
Maybe you can read the issue instead of stating the obvious but wrong answer?
@_date: 2014-11-20 23:21:12
This sounds familiar - people providing statements and say "trust me" without allowing anyone seeing their books, publishing a single shred of actual bills, receipts or other tangible evidence and just by claiming to do good, try to win the debate. When did I hear that earlier this year? The names Alex/Ryan/Moolah come to mind... If only anyone had insisted to see the audit reports of the "heavily audited platform" that he was pushing, a lot of hurt would have been avoided. I agree that rejecting *any* actual transparency and fact-checking is an unacceptable red flag. Advice: avoid till this has been addressed and keep pushing for facts.
@_date: 2014-07-13 06:30:47
The only time I lost money was after I wired it (that was the only accepted payment method of a Chinese supplier that had the processors that I was looking for, for a 20 year old product. When they arrived, their OTP memory was already pre-programmed with unknown code.) Paypal has been good. High fees, but good when dealing with disputes.
@_date: 2014-11-21 06:17:14
It is impossible to run across the USA and do it apparently in a blistering record-time and look pudgy. It simply does not add up. I would not want to touch this with a 10-ft pole. Stay away. If you are duped, seek legal counsel, else move on. Their actions will dig their own grave - all you can do is warn others and present what evidence you have.
@_date: 2014-11-21 07:09:39
I am afraid that Jason is doing this to himself by rejecting to seriously engage and give just any shred of proof of actually running the distance or other accountability. The last person I saw behaving that way was Ryan "Alex Green" Kennedy. We know how that ended. It is really expected that when people donate, they also expect transparency. Hide behind apparently made-up numbers (because difference sources contradict) and you can expect to be called out.
There is one thing Jason can do and that is take transparency serious. Else, there is only one thing that donors can do and that is stay away,
there are enough scam artists that show off using a small percentage of the donations/investments to make it appear good and legit, but where a (too) large amount disappears in a personal slushfund.
Since Jason has not given the needed transparency, all we can and should do is exercise caution, warn the unsuspecting and try to find hard evidence. preferably from Jason directly. Until then, there are too many red flags to ignore, so be warned.
@_date: 2014-07-13 06:25:49
I sent him Paypal instead of BTC because I maxed out my $1k limit on Coinbase and I expected that he could easily convert. Now it appears that conversion is a pain (slow, high losses) so he wants to find someone looking to buy fiat for their BTC and not get any fees. 3 weeks ago I would have jumped on this, because I just did that conversion (expecting BTC to tank) and took the conversion losses. Now I can't get BTC out fast enough and caused this Paypal issue. Bummer.
@_date: 2014-07-13 05:00:08
To give a little insight, instead of all the conjecture and factless opinions - the Paypal thing is very simple. I bought from Moolah but did not have BTC, so I sent them USD via Paypal, presuming they could easily convert. Now it appears that it is a hassle to do that in the UK, that is why Alex asked help to convert, which actually benefits both, since otherwise you pay at least 1% bank fees on each transfer so if someone wants fiat and Moolah wants BTC, instead of both paying 1% (total $180) they can trade and each is happy. And why is that a problem for you, Mr Throwaway, is what I am wondering, because you must have a reason to submit these baseless allegations to the world? Full disclosure: I have no relation to Moolah, other than that I am one of many holders of some investment in Moolah so I have an interest in seeing them succeed and there is all the reason for that, but constant fact-less attacks like these do not help but distract. I wonder why you ask for "people with more crypto experience" when you are discussing a simple financial transaction. If you were interested in discussing this with investors, you would have posted in the investors sub-reddit. It appears you just wanted some negative attention for Moolah by trying to create accusations in a public forum. I just gave you the facts. Now go and apologize to Alex for the poor way you handled this "news". I am guessing you won't, because you are not interested in hearing the facts about this news, you have an axe to grind with Moolah and that is why you try to create controversy and distractions in a large public forum. I can only say that I hope Alex pays as little attention as possible to this, so he can go on create the things that you apparently do not want him to succeed on... It seems to me that you are not an investor at all, because which investor would want this for the company they invested in? Just wondering.
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:45:23
That behavior (fake volume) sounds exactly like what I reported on the Askcoin exchange: no real volume, only 99% fake transactions:
@_date: 2015-02-16 07:11:02
This is *not* a cold wallet if the same address is issueing multiple payments of 100 BTC. Look at the fact that the hack stole the entire balance *immediately* after 2 payments of 100 BTC were issued - the next block carries the hacked transaction. That tells me that the "cold" wallet was connected to the internet occasionally to retrieve one or more chunks of 100 BTC and that wallet was compromised already *OR* hacked as soon as it got connected, so the hacker could issue a single transfer out.
Note that all you need is the private key from the wallet - you do not need to have control over actual wallet on the server itself. Once you have the private key (a copy of the wallet.dat file - even from an old backup) then you can run a parallel wallet with the same key and at your leasure issue a "send" command which will be mirrored by the original wallet and accepted in the block chain.
I know this because I occasionally run a second wallet to issue a send when I do not have access to the wallet that I have running permanently but in a different location.