@_author: cordshoes
@_date: 2014-07-16 01:13:16
Those are all really good points! Cord actually does offer complete custom fittings and services (those are each unique projects), but as I'm sure you know, those can be very time consuming and are often pricey for customers. We've recently started offering standard sizes which bring down costs and production times considerably. My shoes certainly aren't inexpensive, but I've worked for bespoke shoemakers whose pairs begin in the thousands.
@_date: 2014-07-28 13:53:01
@_date: 2014-07-16 01:28:07
I haven't made any combat or work boots. There are a myriad of technical requirements that go along with vocational footwear, which I am certainly not specialized in at the moment. Making boots for job-sites and combat situations requires materials and production methods of a different kind of expertise than mine. My training and studies were mostly in classic men's styles (ie. oxfords, wing-tips, derbies, etc.), and that's what inspires my designs.
@_date: 2014-07-16 01:44:31
For standard sizes, there are several measurements a customer can easily take from their own feet using a soft tape measure. If you have any questions about your size before ordering one of our standard designs, these measurements can help us more accurately advise you on a size (all of our standard men's boots are D width, and women's are C width).
As for completely custom fits, I would be very hesitant to take an order from a customer I am not able to measure myself (with the exception of sandals). As mentioned previously, custom designing, patterning, and fitting all take a lot of time, and as a result the shoes become very expensive. I would worry about being able to achieve an accurate fit from a long distance client. I know there are foot scanners and mold-makers out there, but they are a bit out of my price range at this point. My workshop is always open if anyone is traveling through the Southeast and is interested in being measured for a custom fit pair of shoes.
@_date: 2014-07-16 01:14:24
We don't have a brick and mortar just yet. We may in the future, but it's all online sales for the time being.
@_date: 2014-07-15 17:48:33
Thanks for sharing It looks great! A video is definitely in the planning stages. Almost everyone I talk with about Cord is curious about the actual shoemaking process. At this point, most of us are completely removed from the craft and history of things we buy, but a video can definitely help bridge that gap.
@_date: 2014-07-15 21:36:05
Glad you like it! I probably won't be changing the design of the Mercer boot anytime soon, but if you're interested in making modifications to existing designs or if you have something else in mind entirely, I do offer [custom shoe services]( (the prices vary according to the customization). Shoot me an email, and we can discuss.
@_date: 2014-07-15 21:26:15
I hope I didn't imply that the quality of a product made by hand in America is inherently better than a product made by hand in Italy, China, the UK, or Bangladesh. There is superbly crafted work being made all over the globe. "Made in the USA" is a legitimate concern for us as an American company. Creating jobs is a legitimate concern for us and our local community.  Being transparent about our modes of production and manufacturing is a legitimate concern because we value useful and dignified work, and we're placing a bet that our customers do too. I'm not really qualified to comment on the economics of globalization because I'm not a trained economist (maybe you are). I do know the issue is much more complicated than 'globalization is bad' or 'globalization is good'. Still, the only thing we can confidently address is the quality of our products. You'll be hard-pressed to find better quality shoes and boots at this scale, at this price point.
@_date: 2014-07-15 21:40:13
Perfect! Is there any sort of collection/compilation page where I can find these kinds of legit and trafficked registry sites? So far, that's been a minor barrier to letting bitcoin users know Cord is out there.
@_date: 2014-07-15 18:31:35
That's a really good question with an equally long answer. Before I get going, I want to stress the fact that we've certainly got nothing against either Ecco or Dr. Martens; they're fine shoe companies. Several factors do set Cord apart though:
1. Construction + Repairability: Cords are 100% sewn construction. This means that the uppers, insole, midsole, and soles are all joined together through several stitching processes. Most of your everyday factory shoes are a cemented construction, or some combination of stitched/ cemented. This means that if the sole wears out, the shoe is trashed. It can't really be fixed. Our construction methods allow for easy repair. If the sole wears out, it can be removed and a new one attached. I've worked in shoe repair and had to tell a lot of unhappy customers that there was nothing we could do for their favorite shoes that were falling apart. Cheap shoes really can't be repaired.
2. Materials: We use very high quality leather in our shoes. Our uppers are made from leather tanned in Chicago at a tannery that has been around for more than 100 years. All-leather soles make for a flexible, but sturdy shoe, and vibram midsoles cushion shock while making the sole much more durable.
3. Our Company: We are a really small operation, but we are doing this because we want to grow. We would like to employ more people to make shoes in the USA, and especially in the Southeast. Our customers are willing to pay a little bit more to know how and where their shoes were made. It says this on our website already, but it really is the truth: "Our pride in the craft of shoemaking is evident in the quality of our designs, the integrity of our products, and the transparency of our manufacturing process." Our shoes are pricier than Docs or Eccos, but there is a lot that goes into them. An everyday pricepoint will get you an everyday shoe.
4. Social Component: There used to be a huge number of shoe manufacturers operating in the USA. They were making shoes and employing thousand of Americans with jobs that provided living wages and dignified work. The number has dwindled considerably due to globalization and especially because of the rock-bottom labor costs offered in emerging markets. We believe in reviving this industry in the USA, one shoe at a time. We also offer an added social value in the fact that a percentage of our profits goes to the Atlanta Underdog Initiative (AUI). AUI focuses on pit bull and mastiff rescue, providing breed information and finding alternative solutions to breed specific legislation. One of our slogans: Buy good shoes. Support good dogs. It may not be a cause that everyone believes in, but it's one that's close to our hearts.
@_date: 2014-07-15 21:27:37
Thanks! We're not shipping internationally yet, but we hope to start soon.
@_date: 2014-07-16 01:51:55
Thanks for the tip and the suggestions!