@_author: corelatedfish
@_date: 2019-08-20 14:29:30
and the so called economic specialists are literally the reason we had the last crash... not saying nobody nowhere understands any economics, just that as far as tangible things go the economy is like the least solid thing there is.
@_date: 2019-08-20 23:19:32
... by your own apparent argument you seem to suggest that repealing glass-steagall and too many risky loans was the root of it. is this not government getting rid of constraints in favor of the so called "free market"... also were none of those practices in place due to economists of the time? governments don't get their information from economists? you have studied for 10 years and you still think the free market is the answer? where did you go to school tennessee state?
@_date: 2019-08-20 15:00:35
look a bit further into the housing bubble. economists were a large part of it. neo-conservatives telling us to go to war, climate change, and stagnating wadges imo more or less caused it... whats your take?... since you are the expert?
@_date: 2019-08-21 14:31:02
You go ahead and keep worshiping the "free market" and hope it fixes all the economic issues past and present.. I'm pretty sure your economic studies have not been unbiased.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:29:54
not to hate, but i personally feel that every economic system currently available is a form of scam... in that they are designed to represent value, yet they typically have no internal mechanisms to protect said value. I mean currency is tied to production, distribution, as well as need.. yet all we have are weak consumer protections that are eroded every year.. the thing i think i like about bitcoin is that it represents the fact that people *can* change these large systems and that we *could* take back our economy... but truth is there is no reason to think that bitcoin isn't just like the dollar or euro. just another platform that will be used to exploit people in some place or another...sorry just the term scam got the wheels churning. maybe if it can be kept separate long enough to actually take over bit could actually be the force for change. maybe weird things will happen and this is only the begging and eventually it will be the only currency :) and ai will be in charge of inflation/loans. 