@_author: corinalas
@_date: 2019-09-21 07:42:16
Especially when capital flight is about to occur in china
@_date: 2019-09-21 15:47:43
Well, the trade war is revealing all of China’s insecurities.  Their central bank dropped their rate two months in a row which makes it harder for them to manipulate the value of their yuan, if their currency devalues more than they want they’ll open up the bag wider for more shadow lending, unsafe market conditions and they chance their empty city’s housing bubble comes to reality.  I mean most youth in the country feel they have been priced out of a home or condo in the country because the buildings are there and have supposed value even though they sit empty. Anyone who has money in real estate is going to try to get it out of the country in case the trade war doesn’t go the way China wants.  They have already demonstrated that they will raise tariffs tit for tat the question is will American businesses leave china because Trump asked them to. If they do leave or are forced to through official sanctions they will be horribly impacted as well costs etc but china will need to replace the US market.  Good luck with that.  The counter protests that happened in Canada showed the Chinese people that the officials rich kids are basically money laundering and living nouveau rich lifestyles.  That’s extremely on the opposite side of what conservative Chinese people in China like and a buddy of mine says that they see everything that’s happened around the world before the government is able to take the videos down.   So you have the people who are very unhappy with the actions of the government and civil disobedience in hong kong winning, and Trump not backing down and willing to continue to raise tariffs over and over.  I mean he has until the election and it will put the states in a depression but other countries that will only be slowed down will see a lot of capital inflows.  I expect Europe and Canada to see more money laundering from China.  The last time this happened in 2016-2017... my house value tripled.  Around the same time btc went up an insane amount. Then china cracked down how much yuan could leave the country and also took direct control pf the btc exchanges to control capital flight.  But they don’t control everything, the really rich will find a way to save their wealth.  There are more rich people in China than live in my entire country.
@_date: 2019-09-25 03:52:48
Trump getting impeached would mean a deal with china sooner rather than later.  Less likely of massive capital flight out of china so less need for bitcoin.