@_author: corkyr
@_date: 2014-10-06 21:23:42
They're also both a favourite go-to example for those trying to fight the power and the establishment mannnnn! In this case, you are right. There are few better ways to fish for a libertarian tirade than using these two terms as bait.
"Blah blah blah bitcoin/medical marijuana blah blah blah if only the government and corporations worked for the individual blah blah blah fight the power blah blah the future belongs to us blah blah blah"
@_date: 2018-11-19 15:51:13
You haven't really addressed my initial and core criticism, which is that is
1) Libertarianism is naive and very faith-based, as it presupposes that individuals will voluntarily cooperate, contribute to common problems, and keep their personal behaviors to themselves and away from impacting others. The existence of many laws, regulations, or government policies are therefore unnecessary and probably more harmful than just leaving it up to people. With more freedom for individuals, everything will magically become better than it is now. 
2) Rules make things worse, ergo fewer rules will make things better. Founded upon the flawed process that totalitarian government has been generally bad, and freedom/capitalism has been generally good, ergo more capitalism and freedom and less government will be better. We don't need government anyways because people will voluntarily support and protect the things that government - with all its resources and a monopoly power - cannot seem to adequately support or protect. 
3) Libertarianism is closer to a religion than it is a real political position, as its very much tied to abstract scripture and faith in a system to provide as long as we believe in it and let it flourish. The preacher says "if we all love Jesus and believe in God and create a society where these things are paramount, things will become better, safer, and more prosperous", while the libertarian essentially subs out "Jesus and God" for "freedom and individuality" 
It's pretty glib, easily dis-proven by simple observation, and certainly overlooks any sort of complexity in the world whatsoever, but faith doesn't care about that. 
There is very little room for "belief" in discussions about government, just as there is for urban planning, engineering, science, the arts. When there's a discussion about where to build the subway or who should build it, the adults in the room have little time or need for someone coming in to share their "beliefs" about subways, mass transit, construction, or why the whole thing can and should privately fundraised through corporate and personal donations and its route dictated by direct referendum in the name of letting "democracy and the free market decide
Just as the Pentagon has no use for a pacifist coming in to discuss theory and beliefs when they're planning an invasion or the next year's defense budget. What value would that have, entertaining such theoretical, useless nonsense? 
Ultimately, it's absolute nonsense to suggest that the way to solve problems that we don't have enough consistent money, coordination, or coherent power to deal with through government will somehow be easily solved by having less government and there less money, less coordination, and less coherent power. 
As much as it seems nice that all we have to do is have faith in one another to get along, work together, and stay out of each other's space voluntarily :) 
@_date: 2018-11-26 14:09:09
Tbh it just sounds like you're a radical centrist. Join the club
"The state shouldn't be involved in areas where the private sector could do it better and it's worth exploring where this might be the case, while ensuring that the private sector does indeed do it better"
A long way from libertarianism and what is preached by CATO, reason, etc. But it certainly doesn't sound as tough.
It's way cooler to say "I always crank up the volume!!!!" instead of "it depends on the song" 
@_date: 2018-11-27 13:02:51
You're right. 
They, too, make badass simplistic statements about more freedom and less state and how individual choice is beyond reproach and the market solves everything, but then usually back-peddle and dilute when called upon to provide further detail.
I can dig it. I know a lot of people who like to eat meat who call themselves "carnivores" 
@_date: 2018-11-19 15:22:29
Annnnnd there it is
"I'm a libertarian!! As much freedom as possible and as little government as needed! It's simple and it's bold"
"Well here's a number of problematic elements with what you believe"
"uhhh (backpeddles) no that's not what I believe...that's uh...the other guys. My libertarianism is actually very nuanced and moderate, and actually doesn't really correspond with a lot of the problematic elements of libertarian. It's way different and I understand there is still a very important role for government and that a lot of things are more complex" 
@_date: 2018-11-16 19:22:46
No no silly! Those corporations will *voluntarily* act in a fair and ethical matter because if they don't, customers will *voluntarily* choose other options by "voting with their dollar" (even if the alternative is more expensive)
After 5-50 years, the corporation behaving poorly and dumping its waste in the lake will either eventually go out of business or will voluntarily change their practices as a matter of competition. Consumers have a ton of disposable income and low prices are only one factor in the decisions they make. That's why Wal-Mart isn't that popular. The way a corporation acts towards its employees, the community, the environment, and the law, are all equal factors for consumers as price and quality, and it's been proven time and time again.
See? Bada bing bada boom no need for government at all. Just voluntary goodness and socially-conscious consumer choice to make the world a better place :) :) :) Koombaya
(3 months later)
"I can't believe that private corporation is changing it's practices just for political reasons and to court the spending power of a bunch do-gooder consumers. BOOOOO STAY IN YOUR LANE CORPORATION POLITICS AND SOCIAL CONSIDERATIONS NOT YOUR PLACE. MAKE YOUR PRICES LOWER FOR HARDWORKING CONSUMERS." 
@_date: 2018-11-20 13:33:29


That more or less presupposes that people voluntarily abide by laws, not harm one another, and don't take too many common goods and that the laws that we have in place. If you're suggesting nothing will change with a drastic reduction in the state, you're essentially saying that people will voluntarily not burn trash in their backyard or commit fraud.
Your core premise is "people will get along just fine with less government and all the problems government tries to deal with will 
go away with less of it. have faith"
No need for speed limits in residential neighborhoods. People will just naturally drive a speed that is safe for them and others anyway. 
The rest of your rebuttal can essential boiled down to "I've read a lot of interesting literature from the CATO Institute that my confirmation bias and love of Penn and Teller tells me is irrefutable proof that my faith in vague and dubious concepts of freedom, natural rights, and the voluntarily benevolence of individuals and markets is well-founded"
The existence of pseudo-poliscientific fratboy literature from obviously compromised "think tanks" does not a valid ideology make. There's plenty of anti-vaxxers who have **good journalism on specific policies showing exactly how and why they are harmful**. 
If your response to complexity is "let's just sit back and let nature take it's course. I'm sure everything will be fine, and if it isn't then so be it we'll work it out together" is cartoonishly suburban kumbaya nonsense. Essentially suggesting volunteer bucket brigades for fires is workable and preferable. 
@_date: 2018-11-16 19:15:10
Oh! My mistake.
Here I thought libertarianism "everyone will willingly get along and do what's best and things will work out voluntarily and automatically with peace and stability and prosperity forever"
It's actually (According to you) "everyone is selfish and will take as much as they possible can, and things will work out voluntarily and automatically with peace and stability and prosperity forever"
My mistake! It's even stupider and more optimistic than I thought.
"Everyone is naturally going to take far more than they can eat from the buffet and we should allow this, as long as it doesn't impact other people's ability to also eat as much as they want. In doing so, everything will work out and all customers will be able to eat as much as they want. The only reason people can't have all they could possibly eat now is because the restaurant is telling them they can't" 
@_date: 2018-11-16 15:14:13


And accordingly, we need far fewer rules, and far fewer rule-imposing institutions.
And that this won't be a bad thing, because rules and these rule-imposition institutions were unncessary in the first place. They are ineffetive, and the alternative is not only preferable but obviously workable
The alternative being that people can behave themselves just fine, don't need rules or regs to shape their behaviour, and everything will work out because people will think about themselves in the broader context of society and will voluntarily not litter/pour their old paint down the sink because its easier.
It's nice to paint it as a virtuous crusade against the untrustworthy, but the other side of the coin is that in doing away with those things, only trustworthy things will be left.
It's founded on the (absurd) premise that free-thinking, free-acting individuals are naturally and inherently trustworthy, collaborative, and honest (as long as they aren't given any power).
You don't need a rule not to smoke in the bathroom. People just voluntarily won't out of their own self-interested for an unsmokey and safe plane! 
And drug addicts won't hurt innocent people or steal from them to support their addictions (that we are totally ok with because freedom). They will keep to themselves and have no kids, because that's how things work out when freedom is maximized and government is minimized :) 
Plus, it would violate the non-aggression principle. So that means they simply wouldnt do it. 
@_date: 2018-11-19 18:22:42
Usually the people who cry "ad hominem" are those so lacking in credibility that they require their arguments be divorced from their obviously unqualified sources.
The motto of the homeless man giving out weather forecasts who doesn't like you questioning his prediction based on who he is
The best part? I didn't even really use one. Re-read the response you replied to. 
@_date: 2018-11-16 20:58:15


This extremely vague. In the real world of politics, you need concrete positions. Numbers, policy. Your statement is a very simple one in response to very complex problems (like pollution, guns, drugs, beating one's kids, dumping one's trash in the creek, etc. etc.) 
This is my core issue. Answering "how should the government fix up Main St and what do we do about fentanyl, literacy, littering, and airplane safety?" with "whatever maximizes freedom and ensures the rights of citizens are upheld" is not a real answer
I might as well ask a priest and be told to have faith in the Lord. People want concrete direction from people who are in positions of power.
Would you trust a bus driver who responds "whatever way gets us there in the way that maximizes your freedom"? when you ask them "what route are you going to take?"
"Maximum freedom" doesn't mean anything, and when you start presenting real cases or questions of what "maximum freedom" means and where it might present an issue for society that will require tax dollars to deal with, most libertarianism start back peddling.
After about 5-10 examples of how dogmatic commitment to maximum individual freedom wherever possible may be problematic, you get 5-10 concessions that there is still very much a role for government in many things (and therefore very much a role for taxation, regulation, etc.)
And then they don't sound so libertarian anymore.
Big, bold, inspiring statements are really easy to make but it's truly the nuts and bolts that matter. 
I can walk to the Sahara and start talking about how maximum food is important and nutrition is the key to prosperity, but it's a pretty empty position to have. Sexy and technically true? Maybe. Meaningful or workable? Absolutely not. 
Much like communism - it's complete bunk that is founded upon people using their imaginations. 
"Well - if it worked out the way I'm picturing it (which has never been tried before), and all the bad things that could happen didn't happen, it would be a great system. That's why I support it" 
@_date: 2018-11-16 20:34:49
Everything you described as within the realm of what the libertarian system would include still sounds like it would need something quite big and powerful to exist, and likely one that would require resources beyond what could be voluntarily fund-raised. 
It exposes the vagueness and inconsistency of libertarianism, beyond the faith-based statements that make at an otherwise illegitimate and fantastical ideology.


Somehow - like via some sort of government? Or perhaps some other way (yet to be defined, but certainly likely to emerge as an alternative to big bad government).
And where does this "dealt with somehow" stop? If phosphates are bad for the rivers, and people can't be trusted to voluntarily stop using them on masse, does this "deal with it somehow" body have the authority to step in? What if it's not obvious to indivdiual consumers how their behaviour is harming others when it occurs in aggregate? What about heating my house with high-sulfur coal?


It just means swearing off any kind of system that might have the resources or authority to deal with them (or at least believing that such a system should be extremely limited, and yet retain the capacity to deal with things)


Defended against by a body that barely, if at all, uses public funds (taxation is violence-enabled theft)


Ah - so if there was less government, the price of drugs would be lower, and addicts would be able to afford them. The only issue that addicts pose to a society is the crime they present from not being able to afford their drugs. Let them do what they want, and the rest of us can step over their corpses. 
None of them have kids or dependents so what's the big deal? The health of addicts and the problems stemming from lack their of has 0 effect on society and presents us with 0 burdens. 
TIL that the real problem with opiod addicts is *affordability*. Not losing their jobs/homes/etc because their lack of capacity to function. If they could get more opiods more easily, we'd all be fine.


TIL that pharmaceutical companies made oxycontin because of....the risk involved in trafficking low potency drugs? Or let me guess - the pharma companies arent to blame, the government is for allowing them to operate. If there was less government, there would be more competition, and more competition would mean less aggressive sales of harmful drugs.


You've lost me with this particular strawman. I never said "government needs to exist so the addicts can be locked up". The burden presented by addicts is not the burden of having to incarcerate them. It's the burden of their poorly supported/orphan children growing up to having 0 capacity to function in the world that is survival of the fittest. Nobody gives two shits about the fact that addicts are "breaking the law" by using. It's that they have 0 capacity to contribute, support themselves, or their families, and that these problems become shared regardless of government. 


WTF? Are you actually going with "I'm libertarian because I don't believe in shooting and raping innocent people, and that's why I believe we should drastically lower taxes, remove business regulations, and reduce the size of government" ? Seriously? 
So the real question is - did you have this text about drug criminalization pre-prepared and that's why it kind of meanders away from anything I brought up, or did you just purposely miss the point?
Regardless, the fatal flaws of libertarianism are this
1) The definition of it, and the place of where government is and isn't involved within it, changes wildly from person to person. For you (for instance), libetarianism is primarily a lack of police state. Where you think the government would and would not still have a role in this theoretical libertarian society is probably not the same as someone' elses
2) Besides being horribly inconsistent from person to person, it's very faith-based. "Things will get better if we just removed X!". Sure, there is a temptation to talk like there's an economic basis for things by using terms like "elasticity", but utlimatley it's founded upon faith that less government means a better society. It's fundamentalist in a way. You might as well be saying "faith in Christ's love and God" 
3) It's founded on the premise that selfishness is harmless and does not affect others or cost society, but then doubles back and is essentially "except when it does, then we need government to step in and do something" 
@_date: 2018-11-19 15:20:45
Hahahahahah you actually did it! 
And you even included the "all free societies have been successful, than more freedom - more success" nonsense! 
Freedom is like fire, and communism is like cancer.
Both have killed millions. One is far more useful and has far more value than the other.
But only a retard would say "we need more fire because fire has given us great things!! It's kept us alive and driven industrialization! Anything that restrains or manages fire is holding us back from our real potential!"
@_date: 2018-11-16 21:11:32


Amen brother.
Waiting for someone to chime in about how "COMMUNISM KILLED MILLIONS BUT LIBERTARIANISM WOULD NEVER HURT ANYONE BECAUSETHE NAP DOESNT ALLOW IT AND ONLY TOO MUCH GOVERNMENT HURTS PEOPLE AND YOU CANT ARGUE THAT BECAUSE ITS NEVER BEEN ATTEMPTED" 
@_date: 2018-11-22 16:07:20


I feel like you're a victim of the common libertarian flaw/shortcoming, which is understanding government as a relationship between an authority structure and individual citizens. Naturally it's more complex than that and deals in the aggregate, with many different entities including business, zoning, etc. Your relationship to government isn't you vs. them, and naturally the "law" isn't just policing property and transnational relationships between individuals. 
We're talking about public policy here, and the libertarian position is "there should be less of it"


Ah yes - back to the naive and very faith-based premise that a private-sector, fund-raised option can not only replace a public one, but do a better job at it in a more ethical and trustworthy manner. Using the libertarian technique of course that a few gated communities in Florida are proof that every neighbourhood ought to carve out its only little volunteer private police village funded by voluntarily donations by home owners, via an HOA, to fund a mercenary speed limit enforcement force.
What a sensible vision! Silly me for thinking that is absolutely ridiculous. 


No - if someone extrapolates recklessly as "proof" that private individuals will voluntarily cooperate and always figure out grass roots market-based solutions as laughably nonsensical as individual residential neighborhoods passing the hat around and funding their own private mercenary speed enforcement, I will dismiss them.
Just as I would if some hippie argued that, because they subsistence farm their own sweet potatoes, we somehow don't need the food industry because their little example is "proof" that it can work anywhere. 
Wreckless extrapolation is a common afflicition of fundamenatlists and dreamers, a category I think it's very clear libertarians fit within. A thirst for a made up better world (dreaming), founded upon very simple (fundamental) ideas, and a faith that it will work out and is worth pursuing (religious fundamentalism) 


You essentially proposed a bucket briage solution to the speeding through the residential neighbourhood example.
"Let's away with the monopoly and start taking turns to develop a home-grown option that's best for our immediate geographic region,  based on the expectation of sufficient voluntarily participation and adequate voluntarily donations! A shitty option that is voluntarily participated in by free individuals and funded by choice is ALWAYS superior to one that may be superior in getting the job done, but eliminates the power of individuals to choose and shape the option" 
That's a real warm and fuzzy premise you've got there, neighbour. Volunteer fire departments work out in extremely rural areas, so naturally we can all have them everywhere. Each block could have its own fire hall and we can all take turns helping each other out :) If that doesn't work, we can send out volunteer fire-fundraising group captains once a year to raise money to pay for a private fire fighting service. The kids can do a bake sale and the grownups can sell wrapping paper :) 
As long as we can hug after. 
At the end of the day, your core ideology is founded on the premise that laws and regulations and policies are, to a great extent, in a number of places where they are either unnecessary, ineffectual, or downright harmful, and that they got there solely based on the meddlesome proactive expansion of the state (possibly facilitated by monied interests and other sinister undemocratic forces). It's a mix of overly simplistic reductionism, reckless extrapolation of isolated local case studies, juvenile contrarianism against authority, and good old fashioned ignorance-fueled conspiracy theories.
I'll never forget the shining example of a libertarian analysis of why phosphates have been banned in detergent (as taken from Reason itself). "Because the government hates your freedom of choice, loves to control you and, doesn't want you to have clean dishes"
Can't put much stuck into people who think we all automatically cooperate and that the only reason we don't is because there's a corrupt authority structure hell-bent on stealing as much freedom and money as it can from us 
@_date: 2018-11-16 13:16:45
Exactly this.
The people who voted for this subscribe to an ideology (libertarianism) where they genuinely believe people will just voluntarily behave themselves and treat each other fairly and everything will simply work out. 
"9/10 naive optimists think this is a great idea!" 
@_date: 2018-11-16 21:07:54
It almost sounds like you're saying there should be a large number of small governments. 
That is not, in the slightest way, libertarianism. It's just decentralized federalism. 
It completely ignores the fact that things like issues or rivers transcend borders, but that's for another day. 
@_date: 2018-11-19 15:17:03


Most political philosophies also know that they have no real basis in the real world, and do their best to translate their vague platitudes into an actual position. Think of it as "applied philosophy" vs. just nonsense empty theory. 
That's why very few people apply titles to their omnivorous and nuanced views the way libertarians so boldly call themselves libertarians. Even Bernie qualifies that he's not really a "socialist" 
If political discussions are about the nuts and bolts of what the current government and structure should do over the next 4 years to address the issues of today, vague platitudes about individual freedom and liberty and natural rights and eat pray love really have 0 value whatsoever. 
If your house is on fire, are you going to discuss water temperature and composition? Of course not. Nor would you seek out someone who wants to discuss whether or not the water is legitimate. 
So if the issue is "Mr. X may or may not be inciting violence and we need to discuss the limits of our society regarding whether or not what he said specifically falls within the realm of free spech", the following would be an insufficient and essentially irrelevant response


 
Because it provides 0 guidance whatsoever, but I feel like the person saying it would think they actually participated and provided some sort of insight. 
That is essentially libertarianism. Responding to the real world with unspecific (and often contradictory and inconsistent) theoretical platitudes . 
What's hilarious is that if someone described their political views as "I'm a Sophist/Platoist", they'd be dismissed and laughed out of the room
And yet people still think it's somehow legitimate to say their political views are "Libertarian", as though it somehow exists any more out of the disconnected vacuum of political philosophy. 
@_date: 2018-11-28 13:45:32
Libertarians are rarely, if ever, nuanced. "Well golly gee, the government sure is effective for some things but we ought to slowly and incrementally explore areas where perhaps maybe the private sector and for-profit entities could possibly provide that thing/service better" 