@_author: corpski
@_date: 2018-01-29 00:42:30
What MarchewkaCzerwona says is not accurate.  Users who created wallets that were NOT password protected should move their funds out.  A simple upgrade to 3.0.5 will suffice for many users.  
Edit: taken from the page-
What should users do?
All users should upgrade their Electrum software, and stop using old versions.
Users who did not protect their wallet with a password should create a new wallet, and move their funds to that wallet. Even if it never received any funds, a wallet without password should not be used anymore, because its seed might have been compromised.
In addition, users should review their settings, and delete all contacts from their contacts list, because the Bitcoin addresses of their contacts might have been modified.
Should all users move their funds to a new address?
No, we do not recommend moving funds from password-protected wallets.
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:18:03
With all due respect, I know it's easy to say that but please don't make generalizations.  Many traders including myself have been around for quite a while.
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:38:55
It really, really is a cesspool of filth, hate, and negativity.  I'd urge anyone to do this experiment - take a snapshot of /bitcoin and /btc at the same time, every single day for the next 3 weeks.  It won't take you long to see how depressing it would be for anyone to stay there.
@_date: 2018-01-21 03:42:08
I respectfully disagree. If this happens to you, you need help. Join a trading forum, learn how to trade, discover a trading style suitable to you - it’s not difficult if you put effort into learning, like perpetually catching falling daggers in disciplined portion buys, buying the dips repetitively, etc.  I’ve pretty much tripled my BTC count in the last 3 months and by most active traders’ standards in my groups, I’m lagging. 
It is extremely difficult to lose now in crypto. How many popular coins other than bitconnect have you seen go to zero? (and even at that, they’re not even really dead yet). Anyone can milk the gravy train now. It’s a great time to be in crypto.
@_date: 2018-01-29 00:57:43
Same here.  Upgrading to 3.0.5 is fine.
@_date: 2018-01-21 06:09:25
I should probably clarify - I'm neutral when it comes to you saying that people more likely end up with fewer BTC.  What I am disagreeing with is "this is true even if you are an experienced trader".  
To say that most experienced traders most likely end up with fewer BTC, I would say that the greater part of the burden of qualifying this, falls on the one who made the claim.  There would be very few traders if this were true.
@_date: 2018-06-11 14:40:22
\*\*Warning: wall of text incoming\*\*
Best would be for you to do your own research and make your own conclusion.  BCH is comprised of people in the Bitcoin community that have pretty much broken off from Bitcoin, citing the sub's "extreme and hurtful" censorship.  They believe that Blockstream / Core has hijacked Bitcoin completely, creating Bitcoin that is unusable, expensive in fees, and completely under corporate control (AXA and such) from hereon and the future.  The theories and declarations of certainty don't stop there and go to what I would personally call wild and psychotic extremes.  I will not delve on the censorship aspect of this sub as each sub has the freedom or choice to pursue its own policies.  Many in the r/BTC sub have come to equate Bitcoin as r/Bitcoin when this is certainly not the case.
Many of us here know and understand the arguments of those in r/BTC very well, and on a personal note, I see BCH as a dead\-end asset with no significant future other than to be a laggard that will be pumped and dumped time and time again.  Here's my take on BCH:
\- They prioritize cheaper on\-chain fees more than anything else.  I see on\-chain scaling as a total dead\-end.  They argue that hard disk space is cheap, without knowing the implications of a block size increase's effect on exponentially increasing block propagation time.  This problem is starting to manifest now in Ethereum and will in due time, force Ethereum to possibly declare a block size limit \- and no, the gas limit doesn't count.  This drastically brings down the total node count because the hardware requirements needed to pass for being a node become unrealistic.  BCH is gunning for maintaining cheap fees (they will never even be the best, because one altcoin already has free transaction fees), and going the centralization route.  Their insistence on "no need to run a non\-mining node" because SPV clients are good enough and non\-mining nodes don't propagate blocks is, in my opinion, one of the most idiotic things to say.  I feel that it is quite telling of how technically proficient (sarcasm) the ones pushing the narrative are.
\- They support Jihan Wu for blocking segwit at every possible turn.  Some don't, but they don't have the balls to call him out.  This is directly related to segwit being the change that exposes Bitmain's covert ASIC boost exploit.  Jihan Wu's words \- segwit makes transactions "unfairly cheap".  Even though Roger Ver was initially saying that "segwit and lightning are great" early last year, when business interests come into play, the narrative can change overnight.  Now you see Roger Ver conveniently saying the opposite.  BCH supporters keep insisting that segwit is poison / broken / bugged / opens a new attack vector, and yet there have been no such instances since segwit activation.  Segwit is a malleability upgrade that was achieved with a soft fork.  It fixes transaction malleability, and makes possible many future upgrades such as rootstock and LN.
\- Many BCH supporters cannot accept that they did not get consensus. Consensus, they claim, was "stolen" by Core, forcing the many uninformed sheep to go along.  I find this ridiculous.  It was clear as day to many that practically everyone signalled for segwit.  It was a choice between segwit or segwit 2x.  The smaller block size overwhelmingly won out.  Segwit 2x was a catastrophic code failure.  Jihan had a bad day and decided to fork off to a non\-segwit chain, taking along Roger Ver, and others which I would categorize as undesirable personalities such as  Craig the fraud Wright and Calvin Ayre.
\- They insist on the great convenience of accepting 0\-conf even if it was Satoshi himself who said that 0\-conf should not be trusted.  They attack RBF as a flaw of Bitcoin, yet a few days ago, RBF is now being considered as a solution for certain cases in the BCH chain.  Retarded.  To be honest, you have the most number of talented coders, the brightest people, all working on Bitcoin.  Following the twitter feeds of BCH personalities, most of what I see is that bad ideas that were removed from Bitcoin, are being added cluelessly back into BCH.  0\-conf is doable in BTC provided a wallet is coded for this.
\- Upwards of 60&amp; of BCH servers are on Alibaba servers with the concentration in Hangzhou.  Right now, BCH commands a hash of about 14&amp; of BTC's.  After the last fork to their 32MB block size, for many days, more than 20&amp; of BCH's nodes were unable to sync.  Today, that number is still at 12&amp;  Not only is BCH very 51&amp; attackable, it's evidently very centralized.  I would draw a conclusion that only less than 20&amp; of BCH mining nodes are not situated in mining concentrations or data centers.  I would not invest in this.  Buy to dump in the future would be okay though.
\- Last year, Bitcoin transactions hit an all\-time high, and Jihan spamming transactions contributed greatly to that.  In spite of the high fees, many in the Bitcoin block understood the issues and were more patient with how things were playing out.  Those who demanded instant relief with cheap fees (though so many altcoins can do this), moved to the BCH camp.  In retrospect, we've hit blocks greater than 1 MB size, segwit adoption is now greater than 40&amp;  Batching has reduced the number of transactions in the mempool.  Fees have been at 1 satoshi per byte for a very big part of this year.  Regardless of how one feels about Bitcoin, it is in a good place now.  As I said earlier, you have the brightest, most talented, and the most number of independent teams contributing to Bitcoin right now in the entire cryptosphere.
\- BCH supporters insist on calling Bitcoin "Bitcoin Core".  This is unfortunately an unavoidable insecurity brought about by many people in the Bitcoin community calling BCH "Bcash".  Bitcoin Core is an implementation.  In the same light, Bitcoin Cash should be called Bitcoin ABC.  Instead, they insist on the terminology in order to paint Bitcoin as an exclusivist, controlled cult.  As you may understand from what I've shared, many BCH supporters view every single Bitcoin supporter as part of the core shill army, the blind sheep that can't see the light, or such.  Either they cannot comprehend that so many people \- both new and old, reject their big blocks approach to things at present (this does not preclude Bitcoin from adopting bigger blocks when the time is right), or the reality of the situation is too painful for the ego.  They made a decision which they though was the best \- to support big blocks and to block segwit.  Bitcoin unfortunately does not care.  It goes on and gets far better, regardless of people's feelings on the matter.  Bitcoin is called "core coin, blockstream coin" and such.  I disagree with that.  But even so, if they only looked in the mirror \- BCH is Jihan and Ver coin.  What Jihan and Ver say, goes.  When a blocksize increase or hardfork is declared, consensus is automatic.  There's nothing BCH supporters can do about it.  They're helpless now, riding in Jihan's truck, but they don't know it.  That is reality.
While I personally feel that censorship in r/Bitcoin has done probable harm to Bitcoin in the years past, r/Bitcoin is not representative of the Bitcoin community itself, and one has the freedom to join other allowable subs to discuss things in a manner of their choosing.  In any case, as others have said here, do your own research, and form your own opinions.  Follow everyone on twitter and ask difficult questions.  There's no "good" or "bad" side.  For me, it's just "technically sound" or "technically bad".
@_date: 2018-06-10 12:35:18
This is false.  You have the SM group that is so afraid of crypto and hence, BDO, Chinabank, and the other major banks do not encourage crypto.  BDO themselves have a memo to discourage and prevent transactions in crypto when possible.
On the other hand, you have three banks pushing the envelope on all things crypto.  Unionbank, Sterling Bank of Asia, and Security Bank are all very much in favor of pushing crypto when possible.  Unionbank itself has a strong relationship with the rebit / [buybitcoin.ph]( group and will be creating a new bank\-intertwined debit card offering with the launch of Citadax, the competitor of CXchange (of the [coins.ph]( group).
If you really believe that Bitcoin is perceived as a scam in the Philippines, you are out of touch with reality.  The BSP and SEC have been very open to regulation and encourage such investments and initiatives.  There are so many investments groups and circles and crypto is pretty much available and legal for anyone to own.  Perhaps you hang around with a bunch of thought dinosaurs.  In that case, it would make sense for you to have that opinion.  Several ICOs have already successfully been completed, though the only ICO I know of that was accomplished in the Philippines (with a Philippine\-based company) is LoyalCoin from the Appsolutely group.
There are 2 serious major mining groups that I know of in the Philippines and they are very tech\-savvy.
Bitcoin and crypto is doing fine in the Philippines.
@_date: 2017-11-14 00:14:07
That makes sense. I guess a “neutral” miner would have the foresight to go 50-50, if not gamble a bit more on the chain which is perceived to be more valuable in the future.
@_date: 2017-11-10 00:00:36
I can agree with this sentiment but I'm okay with my level of risk.  I simply do not agree that online methods should be discarded and nothing should be connected to the internet.  There's also the matter of owning 20 different assets with more than 30 private keys, in addition to constant trading and dropping / acquiring new asset types.  The paper wallet method is not practical.
Just because offline cold storage is the more guaranteed method, it doesn't necessarily mean that it's always the best one.  My opinion stands that you can be very safe even using online options if you know what you are doing.
@_date: 2017-11-15 04:53:53
Do a google search for the Japanese entities GMO and DMM. On a personal note, I’ve written both and can’t wait to rent or buy their rigs. Lower power consumption and far greater output than anything Jihan can currently come up with.
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:36:17
I don't agree with this overgeneralization.  Nothing is ever really a sure thing.  If your house were to burn today, your paper wallets would be useless.  There are ways to protect yourself online.  Most people just don't know how, or aren't confident enough.  Some would even argue that having your keys online is the safest bet for them to survive.
@_date: 2017-11-10 09:50:55
I’m not arguing against that if you read my first reply.
@_date: 2017-11-13 23:30:46
From what I understand, that’s the BCH game plan. They doubt that BTC will successfully follow through with an algo change without going against consensus - a pilar stone of BTC’s commitments among others.
edit: with both chains locked in perpetual equality, the BTC chain is looking more valuable given the higher price, CME futures, and the prospect of massive scaling and growth once lightning is deployed.
@_date: 2019-02-12 01:07:53
Selling them is actually rather easy provided that you open an account in the said bank.  Their mobile app links to ABRA which charges an average spread of 1.5%, which is very reasonable considering all other options in the local market.
@_date: 2017-11-13 23:13:39
BCH’s upgrade adjusts block difficulty every 10 minutes. If you refresh now, Bitcoin’s profitability is 1.01x to BCH’s 1.00. Miners should be able choose which coin they prefer. Perhaps someone knowledgeable can give insight on the situation.
@_date: 2017-11-10 02:56:06
Thanks, but I understand the vectors of attack pretty well, more so than the average user I'm certain.  I appreciate the sentiment but it won't change my opinion that all wallets must go offline is ever going to be correct.  And even if "they" did try to steal my coins, good luck with that.  They'll take hundreds if not thousands of years over 3 layers of protection and much guesswork, it'd be easier to win the lottery.
@_date: 2017-11-13 15:53:38
Many times when BCH was having really crazy EDA issues, Jihan kept mining that chain at a much lower reward even if all miners were over at the BTC chain.  Does that conclude as well that the experiment had failed on the BCH end?
For me, it's the miner's prerogative in determining what their perceived (including current and future) profit will be.  A decision like this can come from considering future ETFs / futures, altcoins owned and pegged to BTC value, and even more complex categorizations.
Maybe Slush just doesn't want a future where BTC is dead, and he's forced to kowtow to a China-centralized coin.  There are profitability considerations even in that circumstance.
@_date: 2017-09-27 23:25:07
What makes you think that every country in the world is going to ban it?  Japan, Canada, and Australia are going all-in on crypto and are pro Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:53:38
This is true of any entity and currency.  The question is, would you trust the government with a centralized and limitless currency or asset, or a group of individuals with a decentralized ledger?
@_date: 2017-09-27 23:24:25
@_date: 2017-09-19 12:14:37
Let it go.  It's not as if there's anything you or I can do about it.  There is no major problem.  If China had their way, there would be no Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-29 16:55:44
No you are not safe.  You will, at one point, send your crypto assets to an exchange to trade them.  Perhaps decentralized exchanges might be a viable alternative in the future.
@_date: 2017-09-28 00:10:03
They can force Americans to pay taxes, yes, everyone knows that.
But the US, block crypto?  Not a chance.  At this point, you have way too many politicians, traders, and celebrities involved in crypto.  Libertarians love the concept.  Republicans and Democrats love the money.  I reckon it won't be long before a candidate wins because of an ICO.  It's too embedded for good or ill.  Las Vegas has already blocked blockchain taxes.  Practically no one in the entire cryptosphere fears the United States when it comes to crypto.  Ban all they want, everyone knows it's futile.  They can't even ban something like bittorent or flex their muscle on the TOR network.  Now try blocking out a thousand different protocols on multiple decentralized blockchains and networks.  LOL.  Just wait until decentralized exchanges pop up.  Good luck to America if they decide to block the entire internet!
@_date: 2017-09-09 16:12:55
Everyone knows the tulip analogy.  It's been repeated time and again and beaten to death for years here.
Miners are a subset of the nodes.  I meant precisely what I said.  That argument has been discussed here to death as well.  An attack by 51% of the miners will undermine the future value of the blockchain and would not only be expensive but self-defeating.  Perhaps it's you who hasn't spent years discussing and learning about crypto in detail?  The situation is exactly the same, and arguably worse in the case of Litecoin where F2pool and Antpool control about 69-75% of LTC hash.  Pulling off such an attack is not as simple as you seem to be making it out to be, and to what end?  The miners hurt themselves as well.
If you are worried about the centralized nature of miners, then there's Vertcoin - the people's coin.  I suggest you spend time in that subreddit and know the difference.  Even if China bans crypto entirely, proof-of-work ASIC resistant coins such as Vertcoin will continue to chug along as the developers have purposely intended for that coin to be mineable even with a GPU, and decentralized for all time.
I do not watch CNN, ever though I have seen a lady try doing that for a week on Youtube.  You can't expect people to live on it exclusively, at least not yet of course.  You seem to lack an understanding of Bitcoin and what crypto brings to people in general, in addition to more recent developments in the world.  Try these:
It would probably be better if you do not go about trying to convince anyone here as your arguments are the same rehashes that everyone here has heard for months and over years.  This really comes as friendly advice.  You are treading on a sub which is one of the oldest in crypto and viewed by many of the brightest minds in crypto (and the dumbest ones among others).  The last thing I'd like for you is to get burned really badly stressing a point that is moot.
EDIT: grammar and missed a sentence and a word.
On a final note - I reside in South East Asia.  I know of 4 major chains in my locality that will start accepting one form of crypto or another starting this December, to January of next year.  Like it or not, it is a phenomenon that is happening worldwide.  Pandora's box has been opened.  No amount of debating between you and I will change that.
@_date: 2017-09-27 23:21:20
Then you get the situation in China where Localbitcoins shot up to all time highs yesterday.  You can't eliminate it.
@_date: 2017-09-27 23:55:38
Good luck with that.  The US hasn't been successful in any war they've waged be it drugs, terrorism, or whatever else.  Heck, I'd wager even Trump himself owns a lot of crypto.
@_date: 2017-09-27 23:23:14
If it's not one thing, it will be another.  You can't stop this.  To believe that you can is delusional.  Even the Chinese know that they can't (and everyone knows they will not ban crypto usage).  They are just trying their best to limit its impact.
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:41:07
So are you bashing it?  Are you here to disagree and enlighten everyone?  Show us quality and write things from your perspective then.  
@_date: 2017-09-09 15:01:20


Everyone knows what this is.  What about it?  You think any single entity can attack 51% of Bitcoin's nodes at a given moment?  Let's see how technical you really are.  Humor us with what's on your mind.
Tulips rot and die.  I don't know how much research you've done, but crypto is accepted in many retail stores all over the world now.  Times are changing.  My own business accepts Litecoin for fast confirmations.  Even Lambos and houses can be bought with bitcoin.  
I'm not here to convince you of anything and you certainly won't be convincing anyone by posting here either.  You've done your research, and I've done mine.
@_date: 2017-09-17 11:02:12
Buybitcoin.ph, rebit.ph, and bitbit.cash are all owned by the same entity.
@_date: 2017-10-22 06:11:03
If he took your advice at any point during the last 4 years, he wouldn't be where he is now.  
@_date: 2017-09-28 00:38:00
But that's exactly it.  What exactly are US regulations on crypto?  Why would the US even consider a ban?  They wouldn't do it to themselves, and until they can convince all other so-called countries that they would (which is silly and stupid as it is), why would you even argue that they would tell other countries' banks to do it, which is another entirely challenging and improbable thing in itself?  Certainly not to protect their banks, which are owned by non-Americans.  I mean I can toss my money into an open fire and both you and I can acknowledge that.  Do you think I would ever do that in my lifetime?  The discussion over that would be pointless.
And we should probably agree to disagree that the US can cripple crypto badly for everyone else in the world.  The US is but one country, and I'm sure you think very highly of the US.  On the contrary, I see a waning nation that will happily cater to the highest bidder.  You've seen China taken out of the equation the last few weeks.  Crypto can take the US out too.  I think you overestimate the US' influence too much.
In the inconceivably stupid scenario where the US decides to ban crypto for whatever ridiculous motivation, it can fire all the nukes it wants to.  Crypto will evolve and find a way, just like piracy.  The combination of the internet and blockchain technologies have given birth to this new paradigm that no centralized government or authority can effectively control.  It's an amazing, transformative technology that everyone will have to acknowledge, and accept.
edit:  if you meant that the US government would cripple crypto for Americans, then that qualification can be acceptable.  Sure, in the short term maybe.  Any government can oppress their citizens.  If you think they can do that worldwide, good luck with that.  Even the US doesn't get its way in the WTO.  You can check again how TPP failed.  If any bank pulled such a stunt in my country, they'd be Facebook and media shamed, issuing a full retraction and apology a few days after.
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:47:20
That's fine.  I on the other hand, am okay with a store of value that can swing in that range, and has the capability of being teleported immutably, instantly, and rather anonymously across the world, free from boundaries and intervention.  I would trade all my gold, jewelry, and other worldly things for Bitcoin in an instant.  Just giving you some other perspective as well.
@_date: 2017-10-22 10:47:36
You don't want one million.  You want more :)
@_date: 2018-04-17 07:24:33
Guys, any idea if exchanges like Bittrex and Binance can send to bech32 addresses yet?
@_date: 2018-04-08 00:34:12
If he hates gold so much and feels that both gold and bitcoin are useless, he should just sell.  Don't be a hypocrite.  Dump the price and do those who want to get in cheaper a favor.
@_date: 2017-07-24 12:36:24
You can watch this video to try to get an idea of the numbers involved:
@_date: 2017-07-05 00:31:12
Yup, I got into Decred early as well :)
@_date: 2017-07-28 03:44:41
You know for a fact that you won't be able to convince anyone here to stop using Bitcoin. You shouldn't be wasting time loitering in the Bitcoin sub, unless you're the type who secretly wishes you bought some.
@_date: 2017-07-28 04:50:33
Same with fiat money.  People and markets just assign value to paper.
@_date: 2019-05-21 02:58:12
There is only one Bitcoin.  BCH is a cyclical pump and dump, which from inception, has been perpetually plummeting in price and value relative to Bitcoin with every cycle.  Its supporters will always talk about cheap fees (they'll never be the cheapest) and fast transactions (0-conf is doable by any alt coin; this is something that no crypto asset should be proud of), but the value proposition is an eventual dead-end.  
When browsing the subreddit, you will notice that no less than half of the topics spew toxicity, hate, or ridicule towards "the cult of core", people who've controlled and ruined Bitcoin, those who've "stolen consensus" and lie so much, etc., but the simple truth is that BCH is a low security, unused minority chain which lost the scaling debate, with few technically competent people and no very long-term plan.
Some other things you can look up: Roger Ver, Jihan Wu and Bitmain spamming transactions intentionally to cripple Bitcoin, Craig Wright, Calvin Ayre, Jeff Garzik's S2X incompetence.  It came as no surprise to many that these people broke up even further into the BCH and BSV camps.  Desperate birds of the same feather flock together.
Ironically, you can follow Roger Ver on twitter and read the replies to his tweets.  For what it's worth, it'll be one of the faster ways to learn about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-12 23:29:12
It has no such problems today and is insanely cheap relative to bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-12-09 09:44:00
\&gt;Never put bitcoin related things on a Mac or Windows device, ever.
No need to be a sensationalist.  There are probably hundreds of thousands of people in the world smarter than you who do this and are just fine.  An inept Linux user could fare worse in one or a million ways.
@_date: 2017-07-25 23:42:58
The Philippines.
@_date: 2018-12-09 16:43:14
\&gt; Your extra steps wiped away 90% of your security.
How do you even quantify that?  You are telling me not to be cute and here we are.  Is it always necessary for you to find some way to degrade an individual or group of people who don't share your same preferences or opinion?
With all due respect, there seems to be a pattern on how you say things. No need to make it any more than it is.  While I generally share your sentiment for Windows, I've never seen the same for Mac. Perhaps you can enlighten us with your knowledge and experience.
I do use hardware wallets in multiple redundancies.  Storing their seeds in the cloud with an encrypted Keepass file (you can even use yet another encrypted DMG, zip, or similar layer with another 20-character password if you want), never having typed the actual seed in the real order, and managing your personal firewalls and network permissions is way overkill as it is.   
@_date: 2018-12-09 12:50:27
Hardware wallet + cloud backup is the best option for me personally.  You can use one of the following methods on any OS:
\- Mix up the seed words in a way that is very specific but easy to remember.  Ensure that you and trusted people in your life know how to unscramble.  Anyone who sees the seed will still need hundreds of millions of tries to get the 24-word seed correctly.  Save in encrypted Keypass.
\- You can opt to do this in a password protected xlsx file as well.  Don't use xls since it's easily hackable.  There's no need to worry even if the words are exposed.  Rename the xlsx file and extension. Move to a folder full of the same kind of files. Upload to a cloud server.
At this point, you've just guaranteed that regardless of a house fire, city-wide breakdown or commotion, nuclear war, or mass extinction event, you will have given your keys the best possible chance to survive.
@_date: 2017-06-10 01:27:47
That's the only potential caveat with Litecoin.  That's why there's Vertcoin.
Disclaimer: I hold BTC, LTC, and VTC.
@_date: 2017-06-07 13:30:02
no need to feel sorry for anyone except yourself, bud
@_date: 2017-06-07 13:50:31
Who said you're the only one using Linux?  I've been using it too since it was the "year of the Linux Desktop!!!" - which should give you an idea of my age.
I personally find your advice categorically wrong and rubbish.  You should be careful giving this kind of advice as you ignorantly sell Linux as a universal end-all platform. All of them are equally suspect, with my anecdotal experience being Windows is the worst of the lot by far.
Feel sorry for yourself for being ignorant.  Do you use all three OSes?  Spare us your sympathy.  But hey, you can call me sheep and continue to be ignorant.  You can also stop trying now.  It ain't informative, it ain't entertaining, and you probably aren't convincing anyone.
@_date: 2018-12-09 22:34:30
Thank you for your concern really.  I think I'm comfortable enough with the level of risk I'm taking.  I don't necessarily subscribe to the doom and gloom some have been preaching about doing anything online.  I would quite rather have my seed available forever at all times.  It's something I only go after in the event that I lose my paper copy, which is rearranged in the same manner.  I won't complain either if I do become that guy.  My online stock trading account would be far easier to hack, and it's been fine for more than 15 years, even without 2FA.
To put it more appropriately, even if say, you told me that you had a million dollars in a really lousy cloud backup service, and looting that entailed having to wade through terrabytes of files, finding the exact right one, renaming it to an appropriate container, figuring out its 20-character password, opening it only to find some unknown file, knowing what to do with said file and pairing it with yet another needle you'd have to find in another haystack, opened with the appropriate app, after which any seed you'd find inside would still not be the right one, I wouldn't bother wasting my life with whatever else it is in your cloud account.
In contrast, if my house were to burn down, my paper seed and backup hardware wallets would be gone.  I live somewhere where hardware wallets aren't just available, too.  I don't think I'm being shortsighted at all.  But again, thanks for your concern.
@_date: 2017-07-04 00:36:13
It might sound silly now, but I'd say, be careful what you laugh at :)
This is absolutely a thing.  BTC's drama helped give attention to Litecoin and Vertcoin.  They may as well be the first two coins to experience atomic cross-chain swaps too.
@_date: 2017-06-05 22:50:25
If you hate ASICs, there is yet another option - Vertcoin, which is ASIC resistant, can be mined with a GPU, and was made precisely because of the shortcomings of Litecoin.  It isn't mainstream though.  The three coins that have segwit enabled are Litecoin, Syscoin, and Vertcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-13 06:47:32
I wasn't wrong.  You're the one who said nobody uses it.
Edit: I see the down vote and just wanted to say I'm not picking an argument with anyone.  Anyone who did their research knows that LTC carries a daily trade volume that is more than 10% of BTC's in a day.  You have 6-7% the number of transactions, a really fast network, at a little more than 1% of the valuation.
These are facts... not that "nobody is using it".  If you want to be correct for whatever it's worth, you should qualify your statement properly.  "Not many people are using it relative to bitcoin" is accurate.  When you deal with facts, no one can refute your statement.  But to say nobody is using it, is again, absolutely false.  It's 3rd in terms of crypto volume.  By any metric, saying that no one uses it, is like saying that only BTC and ETH are being used in the world.
I know you guys don't like being wrong but downvoting isn't going to change the facts.
@_date: 2017-06-13 01:23:32
That's absolutely false and a little research will tell you otherwise. Everyone has their own opinion of course and I hope yours won't hold you back in the future.
@_date: 2017-06-07 10:30:07
If your first question isn't a rhetorical one, you should expect people to run wallets on their PCs forever. Do you believe that the entire human race is intelligent and resourceful? I'd wager at least half the crypto traders in the world are pretty nervous and clueless about how their wallets work.
@_date: 2017-06-17 09:23:49
LOL.  Corrupt politicians find the ultimate way of hiding their ill-gotten wealth.  Here comes a bank wanting to kill it.  Not likely going to happen.
@_date: 2017-06-12 15:20:22
$2500 would be great for buyers.
@_date: 2017-06-07 07:57:45
This guy is spewing nonsense.