@_author: corpuscallosum
@_date: 2018-02-10 18:29:28
They don't like competition.
@_date: 2011-06-13 14:52:30
@_date: 2011-06-13 11:01:14
Pillars of power:  Money, Military, Energy, Mind Control (Media, Religion, Education)
@_date: 2011-06-15 01:41:26
The system may need to be augmented with digitally signed "rule algorithms" and web-of-trust assurances from other nodes, such that any node that discovers a contradiction between signed "rules" and behavior is automatically black-listed from the network.
The only tricky part of this is to work out a risk assessment web-of-trust, so that P2P nodes are constantly assessing the risk of nodes going rogue.  
@_date: 2013-11-06 02:00:50
* If you invest in the financial industry, your money is used to loot and pillage through financial paper weapons.
* If you invest in the pharmaceutical industry, your money is used to suppress cures so that symptoms may be treated more profitably.
* If you invest in the defense industry, your money is used to cause death and suffering to brown people.
* ... etc ...
Where do you think the wealthy put their money?
@_date: 2013-09-12 11:40:12
Sex and porn;  The harbinger and test of all new technological innovation.
@_date: 2013-11-06 01:55:06
I have been living in the Philippines for the last few years and have seen this phenomena first-hand.  I have to say, after seeing how things evolve without wealth redistribution and proper taxation, it is absolutely a mess.  Unfortunately, I think the pendulum has swung too far in the other direction in the United States.  Wealth redistribution, if that is the goal, should not involve taking poor people's homes from them for not being able to pay taxes.  We do that in the United States.  From that point of view, the Philippines does some of it right.  Somewhere between these two extremes is a balance that is both dignified and fair. 
Take property taxes, for example.  In the United States, property taxes are so high that a home owner is basically paying rent to the local government and if you can't pay your taxes, you loose your home.  Meanwhile, wealthy individuals and corporations are able to take advantage of loopholes and grandfather clauses to keep their property taxes down and accumulate vast tracts of land.  This is not how wealth redistribution is supposed to work.
In the Philippines, property taxes are so small that the wealthy have no incentive to sell property, or even use it, pretty much ever.  As a result, the top 5% own 95% of the real estate and the prices are absurdly high (because there is no incentive to sell and therefore no real market).  On the flip side, the poor that do own their homes aren't going to be evicted by the government and poor can actually squat on rich land-owners' land, and the rich can't do anything about it because the poor are protected by the law.  In fact, after a few years, the poor can use the court system to take the land they squat on from the rich as a matter of common law (e.g. he who uses the land owns the land).  So there is some wealth redistribution through that system, which seems to work.
In the Philippines, almost no one files a tax return.  If you work for a company, income taxes are taken from your salary, but people don't bother to file about non-employment income (even though there are similar laws to what exists in the US, they are simply ignored).  The end result is that the government has less income tax to work with and that results in fewer services (or fewer mansions for the politicians, depending on how you look at it).  But for income taxation to result in wealth redistribution would require that the government heavily tax the rich and then set an example by raising government salaries to a more respectable level and initiating job development programs (that pay well) throughout the country.  This sounds nice in theory, but in practice the rich will just figure out how to avoid taxes and the poor and middle class will get further encumbered by unfair taxation, making it more difficult for upward mobility to take place and further entrenching the class divide.
The compromise, I think, is to heavily tax excesses and luxuries;  Leave property taxes low, for your primary residence, and tax the crap out of all other real estate holdings,... Tax inheritance as much as possible.  There is no reason that a few lucky kids should be born with everything while everyone else is born with nothing.  Let people accumulate all the wealth they can, but take the vast majority of it from them when they die (put reasonable limits on how much can be inherited).  Personally, I think that just those two things would redistribute the wealth just fine.