@_author: corq
@_date: 2014-06-15 07:42:40
Thanks for your answer; I have a family friend who's been hearing all about this, and has a weakness for "easy" investment schemes and was picking my brain for how all this would scale. I personally am in it for the alternative currency aspect and mine just because it amuses me and makes me pocket change I can spend in interesting ways. 
I was trying to explain to him the "arms race" nature of mining hardware, and he asked the question  about "could those cloud servers" consolidate all the mining and while I hadn't read enough here to be sure ('future of bitcoin' posts always seem to derail quickly...)
Once mining hardware for me is out of reach I'll probably just invest what I can afford in the BTC price fluctuations and see how that goes.
@_date: 2014-02-21 04:01:13
dead cat bounce
@_date: 2014-02-24 10:57:53
So folks trying to cope with the cognitive dissonance of MTGOX folding up, you have two choices to remind yourself to walk away from this:
Karpeles is either:
* a fraud
* incompetent. 
Either way, you're BTC at MTGOX is dust as you currently know it. 
"Wait and see" is just extending your impending anguish.
If you need to have a mock funeral for your gox coin, do that if it helps.
This happens in the stock exchange world all the time, and you'll recover if you don't keep hanging one all the way down to the sea floor.
Let go, and come back up for air.
There are other exchanges.
@_date: 2014-04-26 19:21:04
Bought from TigerDirect... yes I've heard grumbling, but I figure I live in Florida, I can probably take a day off and go to corporate offices if the BTC transaction in any way goes south, but no issues so far. 
I'm not crazy about the lack of "invoice" in my  TD account afterward, but getting the fed ex tracking from the drop shipper restored a bit of confidence. I'm not a hardcore gamer, so this will be my entry-level "steam machine". 
I've liked MSI desktop builds in the past, and this was at my price/comfort zone. 
Most of my BTC has been gradually purchased on paydays via coinbase, and some of it mined with a combo of 3 jalapenos, and 5 redfury usb's. attached to my ODROID XU - averaging about 30 ghs to Slush's pool. 
I tried to wait until there was a bump in BTC price, but I wanted to do this, and specifically with my accrued bitcoin. So I just went for it.
I should have the laptop Monday, am very excited.
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:38:43
And OJ's still looking for the Real Killers(tm).
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:04:57
1. Bought a Solar 12V DC Battery Charging Station for a raspberry pi garden project; Yeti Solar was GREAT and actually customized it for my particular needs.
2. Went a little nuts at Tiger Direct, got myself the 2013 Nexus 7 I'd put off for a while, also several more usb hubs to build out my little red fury miner farm :D
3. My BF loves herbal teas, so I purchased some pretty awesome sampler packs from several tea vendors from SpendBitcoins.com listings that specialize in small artisan tea growers' collectives. 
4. Overstock I've bought sheet sets (boring I know) but they had a pattern I liked. 
Right now I use bitcoin as my slush fund for "whimsy" purchases, or stuff I'm saving up for. The Solar panel was the priciest thus far but has been very reliable,And like I said the vendor was awesome. As more bitcoin vendors come onboard, I'll get more serious. I haven't tried gyft yet, but I'm trying to stick with vendors that take bitcoin directly as a show of support.
Edit: Wanted to give a shout out to the solar vendor
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:54:23
 I suspect a bit of both at this point, and transaction malleability was the fall guy.
 The "virtual office" move, so many other  things that have nothing to do with the blockchain, don't pass the smell test.
@_date: 2014-07-12 14:53:48
So this was on a blog from January from redditor but googledup when I was searching for a place to buy shortwave radio supplies with bitcoin.
A bit old, but I thought interesting to some bitcoin folks. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:39:28
1. Denial - In this usually short-lived stage, investors express disbelief and incredulity. While temporarily denying reality, common responses include, "This can't be happening" and "I refuse to accept this." However, when reality hits home, most soon move on to think about the implications of "the event."
2. Anger - At this stage, investors become outraged, angrily casting about for anyone to blame other than themselves. Often, they become swamped with helpless rage, protesting about the unfairness of the event and its harsh effect on their lives.
3. Bargaining - For some, the third stage of grief is the most tragic, because bargaining gives investors false hope. At this point, many remarks begin ruefully with "If only I ... ," "I'll do anything for ... ," and similar pleas. In an attempt to avoid confronting their pain, investors promise to give their life and soul in a futile attempt to make a pact with fate and turn back time.
4. Depression - Depression marks the beginning of the end of the grief process. Comments such as, "What's the point of going on?," "I can't live with this suffering," and "Why bother trying?" show a clear need to disconnect from the world and properly mourn.Often, depression is the longest stage of grief, with some investors taking years to clear this hurdle.
5. Acceptance - Redemption arrives in the form of acceptance, when investors finally come to terms with their loss. In this "light at the end of the tunnel" conclusion, they realize that life goes on and it's time for their struggle to end.
@_date: 2014-02-21 04:39:27
Meh, I get the sentiment,  but the longer we focus on this as a lesson-in-progress, the better off we are in terms of caution against the next trickster. It's also important to watch how the other trading houses compensate for future technical issues and customer services. 
I know its painful to watch the negativity and stress on reddit, but this is a growing pains phase for bitcoin, and we're not yet out of the tunnel with MTGox yet. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 11:13:03
dead like abe vigoda
@_date: 2014-06-05 10:55:59
File came as a "rar" with a jar file within.  I whois'd BitcoinTalkSupport.com and no joy ;-)
So I did the upload to virustotal, but foolishly didn't grab the screenshot of the mail headers before I reported the phishing to gmail, so gmail has nuked  the email I flagged, and I didn't grab the headers :/
The smtp remailers looked generic. I may crosspost to if anyone wants my sample. Looks like I was the only 2nd person to upload/scan the "backup" so the filename is not likely unique to the victim's actual wallet address.  
Just a heads up. 
@_date: 2014-05-17 05:41:12
lol works here. very nice. Someday, the Google Wallet will open to this same question...
@_date: 2014-02-19 01:49:16
Part of the anger here is that lack of transparency; the lack of communication to their account holders would kill a normal financial institution, and they were completely vague about the problem in the early days.
To outside onlookers, especially non-bitcoin-invested currency investors, this came off as reflective of the whole protocol. Karpeles is still trying to deflect that onto the protocol. If this "bug" was so well known that his organization continued to transact with it (and their imprementation of it), he needs to take part of the responsibility, and it's not seeming like he is. This degrades confidence to the investor, and it should.
From the Bitcoin Foundation statement:
"Users of the reference implementation who are bitten by this bug may see their bitcoins “tied up” in unconfirmed transactions; we need to update the software to fix that bug, so when they upgrade those coins are returned to the wallet and are available to spend again. Only users who make multiple transactions in a short period of time will be affected."  
It's actually more telling that many exchanges were NOT affected by this bug, or at least handled it much differently to their customers. It's common for business to not fix a bug until it directly impacts them. How Mt Gox handled it after they knew there was an issue, is where all the haterade is coming from.
The odd disparities between their BTC prices and other exchanges, well before this debacle, was uncomfortable to me. I ended up going to Coinbase instead. If they were affected by the bug, they found a way to work around it, and my transactions were never disrupted.
It was the deafening silence in the early days of the bug issue that made people angry. Vague statements weren't helping. People who were doing high volume transactions were more directly affected. People who do high volume transactions are more likely to be negatively impacted and emotional about what they have tied up.
If a fiat-based bank did this, account holders would be thoroughly justified in asking if the bank was solvent, and there would be all manner of investigation, and current account holders would also be justified in publicizing their mistrust of that bank to save others the risk.
How Mt Gox chooses to handle this after the crises is over will matter. They deserve the stinkeye they're getting and more. Bitcoin is a "buyer beware" market based (at least for now) on speculative behavior of the buyers and sellers. The idea that a large exchange is being less than transparent, should be unnerving to anyone thinking they will resume business with them after this is over.
If current Mt Gox holders buy up the cheap Mt Gox coin and move it after this is over, and profit, good on them, but I'd seriously take that profit and move the hell away from Gox until they learn how to communicate with their customers in a transparent way.
Disclosure: Apparently I have an account as Mt. Gox but the information they wanted to authenticate my account was a bit steep at the time, and I didn't feel good about giving it to them (this was May of 2013 and I was just getting my feet wet). 
**TL;DR: Mt Gox may or may not have a bitcoin problem, what they REALLY have is a communication and confidence problem, and that lies solely with them.**
@_date: 2014-04-27 00:05:05
Inorite?  I'm also a horrible person for not negotiating a better deal and avoiding windows licensing... I'll image it for restoration purposes, but will be probably slapping an SSD and running Xubuntu on it :P 
@_date: 2014-02-07 14:35:34
You will need to complete all their validation and keep a (verified) visa CC on file with them. This will enable instant buy after they have completed verification of your details.
@_date: 2014-03-06 04:25:45
Hmm Overstock carries candles :P
Conveniently as well, Tigerdirect sells UPS systems.
@_date: 2014-05-17 05:39:02
What the hell constitutes a 'share'? Bitcoin isn't purchased in shares. Does that give this guy wiggle room when he fails at this?
@_date: 2014-12-20 22:17:35
Appeal to authority spamming, wow. 
Reads like a mad-lib, and I like it better with Chihuahuas:


Posting here supporting bitcoin, neeneer neener, come at me, bitcoin-hater bro! I run with the Chihuahuas
Hahaha via PM response was :




@_date: 2014-06-15 07:56:47
Thanks. Hey, all that undelivered hardware has to be pre-paid-for somehow! /s
@_date: 2014-01-11 05:01:31
Just did a test purchase of usb hub and discovered it was shipping to an old address; cancelled the transaction and while coinbase just says "you sent money to coinbase" it seems to be the refund transaction and only took a minute or two, so I'm happy with the problem handling so far. I reordered with my correct shipping address and all seems to have gone well.
As new bitcoin merchants start accepting bitcoin, remember to test their refund mechanism!
@_date: 2014-07-01 08:22:15
At the link, the listed of affected applications that it looks for passwords in, appear to be all windows-based. I'm not as familiar with Mac applications,but  linux wouldn't need 35 variations of FTP client :P
@_date: 2014-03-05 15:49:33
My BTC were safe and cozy this morning, just checked.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:58:50
Thanks - partly I felt like there had to be *some* kind of profit incentive  for online wallets to sustain themselves, yet assumed at some juncture they'd try to use some other term for it to set themselves apart from the banking comparison. 
The "not being able to cash out during crashes" thing needs to be addressed, and sounds like it is (transaction malleability issue).
I'd like to see honest btc exchanges succeed without necessarily falling on traditional banking practices, yet it seems like there's no real way to avoid reinventing the wheel if they try to avoid the usual banking practices.
Thanks for your answer.
@_date: 2014-02-07 14:40:57
I bought .07 (roughly $50).
Entire markets buy this way on economic forecast dips of their favorite stock. Yes if you're psychic you'd like most to do so on the absolute low bounce when it starts going back up, but if you are investing only cash you can afford to invest with, you'll be fine AND probably get a deal.
@_date: 2014-03-21 07:50:45
Heh I wondered if there was a name for this technique.
 [CSB] I once loaned someone money (knowing they'd never repay me, but I figured they'd avoid me after, and I wanted to be rid of 'em). Only it backfired with hardship story after hardship story...then an offer after several months to "repay" me with a gift card of supposedly equal value. Turns out the GC was from a church the guy had been frequenting and telling his hardluck story to -- to solicit more hardship loans from sympathetic churchmembers. Church had outreach programs, but specifically only gave giftcards that were difficult to trade for cash or drugs. 
Anyway, Karpeles &amp; co are FOS, and I hope the last of the accountholders find a way to let go of the loss and walk away, or else this drama will just rope them back in to the next bad business scheme. There was no way to know early in this that it would amount to a pyramid scheme, but now that it's out in the light I hope folks will cut their losses and stay the hell away from this this trainwreck with whatever bitcoin they have left. Also, pay it forward and warn the next generation of bitcoiners with their experience when another MtGox scenario arises. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 22:43:47
So, I'm not trolling here, this is my honest observation: it's the manic swings of investment drama that attract many. To bitcoin or anything speculative with potential profit attached. This *is* analogous to stock market traders that are drawn to the drama of those markets, even the ones that are successful in many cases are obsessed emotional people. Re-watch "Wall Street" sometime soon. In reality, while many are actually drawn to the bitcoin "freedom" concept, many others are just drawn to risk and speculation by nature.
@_date: 2015-01-01 19:34:40
Happy that it confirms what we already knew, actually surprised the investigation pushed this far, forensically, to make the statement public. 
@_date: 2015-01-10 22:13:52
Very Nice!
@_date: 2015-02-16 03:33:00
How...original. 
@_date: 2013-05-30 09:20:43
Huh, I had started the process to get verified, but starting to feel a tad hinky about all the info they want, just to verify a person. I assumed this was for the rest of their business line, but as I really only wanted to use it for bitcoin, I found the depth of the verification process a tad too intrusive. 
Looks, like I won't need to  finish the process anyway if they won't be honoring future bitcoin business. 
@_date: 2013-10-17 03:37:44
My first proud purchase was just this week to a tea company in Hawaii, it was completely easy (like it should be) so I'll be checking out Massdrop as well. I've perused the bitcoin shopping links posted here as well but wanted to start with small purchases to get used to how well merchants handled the transactions. I'm very excited to shop this way.
@_date: 2013-12-19 08:28:13
So I mine a bit for hobby, and then have a $20 a week buy order in coinbase on my paydays. Small change. But when btc is low that 20 bucks buys me more btc (or mBTC if you like) so I'm balanced either way. When the price topped 1k usd, I shopped a little and got to know bitcoin vendors, bought some nerdy gifts with btc and general got to know the market. When it dipped again, my $20 was aggregating a bit more mBTC for the next btc market freakout.
People get this way about penny stocks too; BTC enthusiasts just need to not wig on the highs and lows. If you treat this like high stakes gambling, you're gonna have bad time.
@_date: 2013-12-28 07:36:18
That was what caught my attention, way to show disapproving bias, Bloomberg writer.
I swear the two media 'postures' on bitcoin is either completely dismissive of legitimacy, or ZOMG UNREGULATED CURRENCY MUST IMPLY CRIMINAL ACTIVITY!!!111
I suspect paypal when through this hyperbole in the early days, but it's still annoying.
@_date: 2013-06-13 09:26:10
lol, seems legit