@_author: corvidorum
@_date: 2018-04-05 16:54:06
There's a big difference between owning gold (which harms nobody) and irradiating your neighbours with irresponsibly stored material.
But even ignoring that, the group still has no right to seize your dangerous property. They have the right to make you keep it somewhere else, or store it safely, but not to just steal it.
If you run into me with your car, do I suddenly have the right to seize it from you? After all, it's clearly dangerous property that's actively caused harm to another member of the community
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:15:49
I think we actually both agree that personal liberty has limits where it involves causing harm to others, I just don't think those limits extend to your property rights.
Of course the community has the right to take measures to prevent you from causing further harm (like revoking your driving license, or forcing you to store your hazardous materials safely), but I don't accept there's a moral case for seizing rightfully owned property. There are countless other more reasonable and proportionate measures that could be taken to eliminate a clear and present threat to others.
Impounding is a little different, as it's generally a case of temporarily depriving you of access to your property rather than appropriating ownership of it altogether.
I'm not familiar with US law, but if any government agency has the right to permanently seize property, even with compensation, that's outrageous and shouldn't be accepted. By all means temporarily hold things as evidence of a crime, or restore stolen property to its rightful owner, or take goods in lieu of payment for a debt, but the ability to just steal shit from people sets a terrifying precedent.
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:35:07
This is completely ineffective in a global network like Bitcoin.
If the UK legal system identifies a coin as stolen, but the current owner lives in, say, China, what can they do about it? And why would the new Chinese owner care about what a UK court says?
A trivial solution would be a coin mixer that matches participants in different countries, and chooses the outputs so that each user only receives coins that are untainted in their jurisdiction