@_author: corvus133
@_date: 2013-06-25 14:16:31
Then why dont those people support the free market? I always hear this but nothing supports it. They support a controlled market.
@_date: 2013-05-16 15:52:35
Why don't you think about it and realize why it's so important that they don't.
You keep bringing up ideology but are you aware you sound like a naive child when you discuss the wonders of Government? Talk about ideology.
Seriously, take your own advice. 
Anyone surprise a Statist is being a hypocrite? I'm not, it's impossible for them not to be. They bring up all these issues as if they don't exist today in the very structure they insist works but is causing it all.
@_date: 2013-05-16 15:50:50
Did you count all the scandals just in the last week by the U.S. Government?
How about all the countries they are attacking? I just want to make sure you understand the current Governments are the ones fucking the planet up, blowing shit up, killing people, restricting people, etc.
So much fear about the other guy when you can just elect someone who instills it in you. I guess when you control who feeds you fear it's less of a shock then not knowing who will do it.
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:08:04
Don't forget greedy and selfish (they the same thing?)
@_date: 2013-04-12 23:46:57
That's my contribution to society?
Actually, sport, my contribution is my job. That's what keeps the economy going.
All those little social services? Ya, wouldn't exist without my job.
None would.
If we live in a tribe, our work would be our contribution.
We wouldn't hunt all day, build a hut, then at the end of the day, pay taxes on top of that.
No, our work is our contribution.
What you are talking about is charity which is what taking money from people with it and giving it to those without it is.
Fuck socialism on reddit. Why they think centuries old styles of running a society is progressive is beyond me. This isn't new.
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:09:59
You understand the "rules of society" were only like this for some decades, now, right?
And, people like you were always free to move but you never did? You sat around forcing change on everyone else. You and other useless individuals contributing nothing mold society around your beliefs when they were never what the country was founded on. Ever!
Did you know people flocked to America on the premise of pursuing their own interests?
Funny how that all changed to being guaranteed everything - health care, welfare, etc.
And, that whole time, not one of you socialist "left the country" as per "you were free to start your own country and rip everyone off." I know why you didn't leave (you'd have no one to rip off in your new country until someone actually started being productive).
You sound very naive and the result of Government as if Government granted you your life so best of luck being a pawn.
Sometimes, I think you left wingers would sit around, starve, and then die if Government wasn't spoon feeding you. You guys often come off as large, useless, dependent babies. Do you think being completely helpless is some position to strive for and then brag about? The same as a new born infant?
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:11:01


Hey, remember when America, when it was founded, was more to "freedom lovers" liking and Socialists slowly changed it versus "moving to another country where the rules are more to your liking?"
Ever notice how left wingers can do whatever the fuck they want but you can't?
@_date: 2013-05-16 15:44:29
Ya, wow, you found something their military invested money into.
Libertarians, who are basically what you're arguing towards, don't actually disagree with defense spending so if the internet was created via defense spending, that would most likely be fine.
Now, keep going, you stopped at the internet. What about phone? Car? Airplane? How about discovery of electricity? Didn't seem all those socialist countries did much with fire in 2000 years.
Took a man in a free country to discover it.
@_date: 2013-05-16 15:49:08
Is this topic on the internet because you keep referencing that 1 thing they created but nothing else.
But, let's continue with it. Internet in many western countries is regulated. That means no outside competition.
And, surprise, the communications companies aren't reinvesting into themselves. 
It's taking Google, a private company, to start buying up fibre optics because the existing companies didn't care - regulations were propping them up without having to do a whole lot.
So, keep going with your internet talk. Tell us how the Government is improving the internet since they made it or you going to tell me about google and other private companies actually driving it?
@_date: 2013-09-23 13:59:53
Regarding your second example, if someone is violent towards others and you do nothing, are you a good man?
Impossible to answer. As a Libertarian, I don't have enough information.
Perhaps the "others" just previously raped someone the violent person knew. Perhaps I am arriving at the scene when the others tried to rob the violent individual.
We don't know and thus, getting involved is not the proper procedure.
I can mediate, but I am not choosing sides, at this point, and I will only at the invitation of those others/violent individual.
Becoming involved, I run the risk of injuring myself and/or anyone I am with. I run the risk of escalating the situation higher than it already is which may cause further damage to others not currently involved OR to those that ARE involved.
Regarding your first bit about power - the bottom line is the power will corrupt and history is mired in countless numbers of examples from business to Government to religion. All have numerous and repeat examples. Philosophy can lead; people are corrupt.
It's the very idea that politicians have a less then 10% trust rate (meaning, less than 10% of the population will trust a politician) that confirms this. Compared to, say, firefighters that have over 80-90% trust. These stats are taken from readers digest polls from Australia, Canada, and U.S. though I believe, the U.S. did not have fire fighters on the list but doctors ranked high.