@_author: costofanarchy
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:19:05
That's all right, except that many journals require non-Computer Modern fonts (although I typically prefer the look of Computer Modern to the fonts use by such journals).  Also, I have a habit of typing two spaces after periods even in LaTeX; of course, it makes no difference in the final output.
@_date: 2013-04-15 20:02:48
I'm a big proponent of the efficient markets hypothesis, but... if there was ever a non-efficient market, it would be this one:
*  You can't easily short bitcoins, nor are there many derivatives based on bitcoins.
* It's quite difficult to get USD (or other preexisting currencies) into the exchanges to buy BTC. 
* Even for when it seems easy to get your money into an exchange, it may involve steps that appear to be "shady" to most outsiders (and even insiders), such as going through multiple third parties or sending money to a foreign country.
* The exchanges are relatively low volume, not necessarily for a single asset, but for an entire exchange, and hence the exchanges have lower visibility.
* Bitcoins require some level of tech-saviness to keep safe, and even then you could lose them due to a simple mistake or an attack on an exchange containing your bitcoins.
* The exchanges have lots of problems (e.g., safety, stability, lag, vulnerability to attacks).
All that said, historical information about prices still shouldn't be a super strong indicator, and even though many of the points I brought up are in favor of Bitcoin being undervalued, it's by no means necessarily the case (and there are perhaps other compelling reasons to believe that it is overvalued).
I'm basically saying that a lot of forces (investors, etc.) that could exist to help efficiently price bitcoin are kept away to the unusually high (or at least annoying) barriers to entry.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:46:02
Actually, I think no major bank has presence in every metro area in the US.  In my metro area, the major banks are pretty much all different than the ones present in my previous state.  But the banks on the coasts are pretty much the same (BoA, Chase, etc.)
Lookup the bank footprints and you'll see.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:31:56
Not all US states really have Bank of America.  Are you talking about localtill?