@_author: cotdamit
@_date: 2014-10-14 13:20:45
Thank you for the advice. If I'm getting an ATM that only does cash &gt; Bitcoin, what possible fishy things could I keep an eye out for? I'm definitely not looking to break any laws. This is what I'm looking into: 
How much were you quoted for that? Setting up a bitcoin ATM is already a pretty high risk investment IMO. Any day some shitty regulations could come into play and make it entirely illegal.
@_date: 2014-10-14 16:31:14
Oh wow, I knew ADA was Americans with Disabilities Act, but I was thinking you meant something else. Had no idea that would have anything to do with an ATM. Thank you so much. I'm clearly extremely unprepared. You are right. These machines seem to be asking for a lawsuit, but it seems like it would be very challenging to make a Bitcoin ATM ADA compliant. 
@_date: 2014-10-14 16:52:38
It seems like it's possible in Texas to operate a machine without a money transmitter license. 
* ATM has a BTC purchase limit. (PL)
* ATM gets BTC from a hot wallet that always contains more BTC than PL
* When coins are bought from hot wallet I could try to buy coins off exchanges at similar rate to always keep buffer in wallet. 
Is there a way to automatically do this?^
Am I correct in thinking this isn't considered money transmitting, and that I wouldn't need a license?
@_date: 2014-10-14 13:13:45
I definitely agree with you on the compliance thing, hence my post. The purpose of me getting a bitcoin ATM would be to make money (a piece of every transaction), and making it easier to acquire bitcoins locally. If I'd like to see a reasonable ROI I think keeping it low volume is out of the question.
If the second part of your post is correct, then it seems like it's not worth the effort at this time. Thanks.
@_date: 2014-10-14 15:42:32
As far as i'm aware, the ATM manufacturer doesn't take a percentage. (Just now starting to do research on it)
That percentage fee would be used to help pay for the initial investment on the machine, and help contribute towards putting out more machines. Do you intend to pay for it entirely out of pocket, without seeking a ROI? Also what do you mean by ADA? We can take this to PM if you'd like.