@_author: cottoneyejoe23
@_date: 2014-02-28 05:29:50
I'm not sure you'd need nearly that much. The premise is that we get the source. Maybe not exclusive rights to it, but enough to operate it basically as is. It HAS been a functioning exchange for quite a while and I doubt it needs much maintenance for this purpose. God knows Gox wasnt exactly piling features into it over the last couple of years...but it did have volume.
Further, if it could be focused on only exchanging btc &lt;-&gt; alt coins you could undercut all of the hassle of KYC/AML and the last mile issue with getting funds through legacy banking.
I dunno, it might severly limit it's usefulness to not deal with fiat, but it might also be a good starting point to at least get some momentum going. The old agile idea of starting from the simplest thing that could possibly work. Might be something that could be figured out later.
The most pressing thing would be to secure the account balance info and to get even the most basic trading happening.
@_date: 2014-02-28 03:11:17
They may be able to release the account info without any personal info. If we know that the account holder has access to a btc address they used for withdrawal then the can use that to prove they are the account holder until a new terms of service and KYC/AML stuff can be gathered under whatever the new operation would be.
For any accounts that dont have or lost access to their withdrawl address, Mark could surely whip up some magic php to allow them to set on under the existing system.
Then a 3rd party/escrow can get the account records without any personal info related to it.
@_date: 2014-02-28 03:00:17
Very similar idea here: 
I wondered if it was essential to operate the fiat end of the exchange. Assuming it wanted to be low overhead, not having to deal with bank xfers and KYC/AML would be a big relief
Just doing swaps with btc and alts might be enough to get back the losses until maybe a suitor was found. People have been clammoring for more exchanges for LTC and Gox was thought to be close to releasing support for it.
@_date: 2014-02-28 06:59:04
Well, you do have to live in the world youre seeking to change, so yeah, go figure! it happens here too.
Also, youre missing Drugs and Terrorism. Extra troll points left on the table for general porn instead of kiddie porn.
@_date: 2014-02-28 07:08:20
I hear you. I dont enjoy working with php either and have seen many a mess from it. But, I think the premise at the outset is that we would just have to operate it basically as is. 
Spahetti code is most troublesome when you try to touch it or add features to it. Left in a steady state it's as determinstic as any other set of strange code. 
Gox at least has the empircal history of conducting trades with it for several years. Most of the problems of late seemed to be at edges dealing with fiat, and apparently cold storage. The scale problems seemed to get reduced as volume grew at other exchanges.
As a long term code base to build from, no way. But as a way to get back to at least a basic operational state, it seems the most practical.
However, as others have stated, the time to strike this deal may have already slipped by. In some sense it was (and may still be) what Mark was trying to do in the last moments.
@_date: 2014-02-28 05:50:11
They are welcome to take that up with Gox/Tibane. 
We would be giving up our priveledge/rights to wait months, nay years likely, asking the lawyers and justice system to return a "haircut" of our losses for us.
Instead would be rolling up our sleeves and doing something productive to dig ourselves out.
Action &gt; Litigation!