@_author: coupdetaco
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:59:17
if the file is stored elsewhere (meaning it's possible to manipulate it) then at least a hash and description on the chain can determine whether the data was tampered with.  it can be used in the typical way that hashes are used
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:28:26
yes that would maximize transparency and minimize manipulation.  do you think it shouldn't include all previous?
@_date: 2014-12-26 20:29:46
that's kind of a problem since mining isn't as simple anymore.  not much of an incentive to help process blocks when a cpu doesn't cut it, and special processing gear is needed just to make it worth while
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:44:54
video,audio &lt;other large files&gt; could be kept elsewhere but at least hashes and descriptions in the chain. potential evidence deserves some storage space.
@_date: 2014-12-25 19:41:31
this from someone who's motto is that he doesn't advocate investing in something he doesn't understand
@_date: 2015-02-24 21:06:27
yes, this would be a treasury type of wealth accumulation design, as opposed to taxes and debt.  not sure that the premise was about forcing BTC usage into a population, more about adopting it would make it the wealthiest, which may not be the same thing.  if they adopted, then they'd use BTC, but the country could just completely reorganize around some new form of decentralized government (which seemed to be more about the premise) and how that would work might not include a 'forcing' of anything but rather a community organized around BTC use and gathered for common purposes such as defense, etc.  BTC is by design not limited by borders, so declaring BTC the national currency would mean there would have to be some pre-mining or else there would be no government funding.  so then, yes as you said, the question would be why use BTC at all.  strictly requiring the population to use any currency, electronic or paper or whatever, would still be some kind of fiat system.
another question is, how would a decentralized nation even form right now?  you go off-shore and you're open to any warship or pirate that wants to pillage.  most of the landmass has been claimed, or can be reached by an expeditionary force if a nation desired to capture some part of the community.  maybe a current nation, norway or greenland or other, could allow an autonomous experimental city-sized portion of undeveloped land somewhere.  maybe something like a modern-day epcot.  with its own citizenship, based on blockchain verified identities, etc...
@_date: 2015-02-24 22:20:39
refer to the title, the scope of the premise is that adoption will make that nation the wealthiest. i don't think that this necessarily follows, since by design BTC doesn't need to be transacted within the borders, and therefore any nation that adopts would only temporarily gain some advantage but would likely cause its own beaureacratic processes to be obselete very quickly due to decentralization of the internal workings of that country.  it might still be a landmass within some designated border, or it might fracture, or become some new mutated entity.  it's not clear how this would play out since this is all relatively new and not enough case studies to make a prediction (not any case studies that i'm aware of actually).  
as for your thinking on how the state's mere existence automatically means that they will get their taxes, they're more than welcome to check on people's BTC public addresses.  they're not going to get much further than that without individuals providing that information.  the public ledger of BTC transactions is good for transparency but doesn't mean that a government can go track down all of the payments made and sent by some individual.  taxes, at least in the usa and probably most of the world, are based on income and gains from various soures and deductions based on expenses and losses. so they'll need to prove that all of the addresses that a person sent the amounts to were owned by that person, so that they therefore cannot deduct it as expense since it's just a movement of money.  otherwise, those could all be claimed as expenses.  and that's even if they were able to track down just a few of the accounts, or even just any others beyond the one that's publicly listed to receive payments for that person.
@_date: 2015-02-24 08:59:59
so how would you design a stack around a set of human/political/legal protocols?  number of layers, functionality in each layer, etc.
seems like one way would be to divide each up by how many peers are affected by an action, so a 2 party interaction would be the lowest level, and a broadcast would be the highest level.  doesn't really account for functionality though since there would be a duplication of efforts across layers, in that example.
@_date: 2015-02-24 08:52:53
they might pre-mine some of it, as most devs would, but what would be the point of pre-mining to any great extent?  just because some nation decides to create an open-source fork of bitcoin, this doesn't mean that anyone would want it.  now, if they were forcing everyone to use it, then that might work within their borders, but then it's not going to be anything like BTC.  that would just be some electronic version of fiat currency.
@_date: 2015-02-24 08:43:30
if the demand is high enough, then wouldn't that mean BTC is a scarcity?  If so, then what stops another crypto-currency from being more available for trade and therefore gain popularity?  What stops that from happening recursively as each last crypto-currency gains scarcity status?
@_date: 2015-02-25 08:13:16
you're comparing the transactions of fiat to btc as though the infrastructure for one can be used to disprove a case of the other.  other countries can use usd's all they want, it just keeps the demand for usd's up and relevant in trade.  not sure what you're talking about here, but this isn't just trading usd's for oil or gold or whatever.  since btc is decentralized, there is nobody who can stop it or control it within that border.  they can try.  but that'd have the same effect as someone trying to control it now.  if a 51% attack ever goes through, people can just move to any of the other wide selection of crypto-currencies.  
as for taxes, what are they going to accuse someone of?  let's say they call someone into audit randomly.  or even not so randomly and they suspect someone's making money under the table.  they ask where this person got the new car from.  person says that they saved up money and used coupons on food until they had enough for a new car.  go track down any other payments.  especially if the btc's are held overseas with governments that are less likely or able to scrutinize, or perhaps sympathetic for whatever reason.  let's say that the auditors wanted an accounting of everything that came and went through a particular btc address that they think is associated with a person.  that person might have sent all the btc out that account into other accounts that may or may not have already been tied to that same person.  if they weren't tied in, then the investigation stalls while the person says that expenses and bills had to be paid for which each of those 'receiving' accounts might be associated with some overseas entity.  i'm just scratching the surface and the ultra-wealthy have been finding tax loopholes for a long time.  i'm not saying that someone should try to avoid taxes, it's important to contribute to the cause, but i'm sure that there's plenty of loopholes if someone wanted to park their wealth in btc.  and the scope of premise was a country trying to adopt btc, so i'm saying that this wouldn't work out so well for the slower-to-adapt beaureacratic institutions within that country.  they might adopt, for sure, but it would bring swift and merciless change due to making many of the current institutions obsolete or too oppressive for the public interest.
@_date: 2015-02-24 08:48:19
bitland, bitlandia, bitania, so many possibilities if only i cared more about the name of it.  pity.
@_date: 2015-02-25 07:58:09
what would be the case if a non-protocol person interacts with a protocol-following person?  who are the arbitrators, investigators, and enforcers and how are they selected?