@_author: cowboylaw
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:20:29
It's not that you're wrong, just that you've chosen the wrong audience. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:20:17
Because RICO applies to any organization that has as a primary aim the commission of crimes.  And let's be totally frank here: that's what his website was primarily used for.  The sale of drugs by people not legally allowed to sell them to people not legally allowed to buy them.  And the owner-operator of a facilitating website is part of that conspiracy under the laws of the U.S.  This isn't novel or new or an extension of precedent, it's how the RICO laws have been uniformly applied for several decades. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:45:32
My favorite kind of person!
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:18:06
Because he's the one they caught.  Extend your analogy: each of the multiple Pirates is individually, personally, guilty of his own piracy.  Thus, if caught and hung in the harbor, that's not being a "fall guy," (which means being blamed and punished for the wrongdoing of others) that's just justice.  That caught up with him and has not yet (and may never) catch up with others.
@_date: 2013-12-18 18:58:24
Comparing currencies to equities isn't a good idea. When I own a share of Exxon, I own tangible things and rights.  Every quarter, I get a dividend. And I own my fractional share of the company---a company that has actual, hard assets that have inherent worth. Trucks and pipes and oil and computers. 
Currencies, especially fiat currencies (which is virtually all of them nowadays), are a completely different kettle of fish. It has no inherent value of any kind. And it conveys to the holder no rights whatsoever.  BC is actually a bit worse than most fiat currencies.  At a minimum, the U.S. dollar MUST be accepted by the U.S. Government in payment of debts owed to it (like taxes).  Ditto for most governmentally-issued currency. Thus, these currencies have a market of last resort---someone who must accept them even if no one else will. BC does not.
I take no solace, joy, or hope out of the constant fluctuations in BC value. But those who buy it ought to know what they're buying into.  Part of understanding it is understanding what it's not.  And comparing it to equities doesn't further understanding.  Even if your point was just that the value of things change, best to keep it apples to apples.  FOREX can provide you a host of examples of currencies whose value has collapsed. The BRA real in the 90s is not a bad example. But I think BC holders would do well to avoid comparisons to non-currencies.  It's confusing and fundamentally misleading.