@_author: cowbell_solo
@_date: 2018-11-06 20:06:17
Sure, media summaries can misinterpret articles. They are still important because they break down very dense text into something a layperson can understand. Some outlets are more reputable than others. The Guardian is considered one of the more reputable news outlets. The original research was published in Nature, among the most reputable of peer-reviewed publications.
Please point out the part of the media summary that is incorrect.
@_date: 2019-01-11 21:02:57
It makes you wonder how many things have been compared to email and cars over the years that actually did end up going nowhere. Maybe the success of one thing tells us virtually nothing about the chance of success of something else.
@_date: 2018-11-06 19:47:22
r/science has this submission rule:


If you are unfamiliar with peer-review, it is basically sending your article off to several random, anonymous experts in the field whose job it is to find the flaws in your article. Only after these issues are settled is it published. 
In the article, you describe in great detail the methods and evidence that support your conclusion. Other researchers then attempt to replicate what you've done. If they are unable to, *they* publish an article to question yours. 
Yeah, it's still possible for misinformation to get through. But to describe as simply FUD is, frankly, stupid.
@_date: 2018-12-11 18:33:22
First, you should apply a healthy amount of skepticism to a report released by people with an incentive to portray bitcoin in a positive light. It is not from a peer-reviewed journal. It also doesn't report strong confidence in its own numbers:


Second, and more importantly, even assuming the claim is true, it only represents the current state of affairs. If the price of bitcoin were to increase to the degree that many here are hoping/predicting, it would become economically viable to for miners to operate in just about any region. There is no inherent property of mining that makes it convenient to operate in energy systems driven by renewable energy, and you can't assume that will be a factor when miners are setting up new operations.
@_date: 2018-12-11 19:24:53
It will always be ideal to operate where energy is cheapest but if the price of bitcoin is high enough, it can easily outweigh the price of energy. Say the price of bitcoin jumped by a factor of 100, which is very conservative compared to what many are hoping and what we would see if there was widespread adoption. It would be economically viable to operate in any region.
I'm optimistic about Proof-of-Stake. It's very unclear whether bitcoin will adopt it, but other coins might.
@_date: 2018-12-11 17:17:07
Your explanation assumes that more mining will always provide more value. This isn't true, while the system requires a diverse set of mining participants, it can quickly reach a point of redundancy. 
It also assumes that profitability reflects the actual value of the energy expenditure. The "something else" that the energy would be used for if not bitcoin mining is energy required for daily living and industry. Just like any other market, a narrowing supply will drive up price. It could easily reach a point where miners can afford to pay prices that other industries and families cannot afford to pay. 
At the moment it is only profitable to mine in regions where energy is plentiful. If the price of bitcoin skyrockets as many here hope it will, that will no longer be the case. We could build more infrastructure to offset this problem, but then we are facing increased environmental costs. Bitcoin requires a 24/7 stream of energy, and wind/solar are not suitable to meet its needs. Hydroeletric is suitable but has environmental costs beyond carbon emissions. 
No amount of mental gymnastics can get around the fact that energy is a scarce and precious resource that needs to be spent wisely. There will be regions of the world where there is a short-term abundance, but you can't assume that those will always be around and be sufficient to meet any scale of use.
@_date: 2018-12-11 19:50:07
This rough model reflects my understanding of the issue we are discussing:
`Profit = Price / Miner count - operation costs`
Where `Price` is the price of bitcoin, `Miner count` is the total number of miners participating in the system, and `operation costs` include the cost of energy. I understand that as miner count goes up, profitability goes down. However, price could increase by orders of magnitude higher than it currently is (unlikely, but necessary if bitcoin were to see widespread adoption). As price goes up, it becomes profitable for an increased number of miners to operate. Even at its current value, mining is consuming more energy than a small country. What would you expect to happen if it increases?
The model is imperfect because operation costs would also increase with miner count, because the cost of energy going up. But the cost of energy is a function of its scarcity, and increased prices would have harmful effects for every other activity that requires electricity.
Energy *is not* limitless, it is only limitless in the fantasy universe you have in your head. Energy production is the  cause of environmental harm that we are currently seeing. Sure, maybe in some distant future we can use a technology like dyson spheres to provide virtually unlimited energy. At that point, currency is basically useless anyway. I love the idea as much as you do, but you can't just apply a future theoretical solution to a current problem and consider it solved.
@_date: 2018-12-11 20:27:26
The number of miners operating in your mid term and long term scenarios is still higher than present, and it is extremely idealistic to think they will always use a supply of energy that will otherwise be wasted. Indeed, I think it is overly optimistic to think that is even the case currently.
If we keep going I think we will just continue to go in circles, but I appreciated this discussion.
@_date: 2018-12-11 07:53:31
I found it really distasteful, referring to people as idiots is really unprofessional and unnecessary. That said, if you are aligned with the left in regards to climate and the environment, I'm not sure how you can reconcile the wastefulness of bitcoin. My understanding is that proof-of-work is inherently wasteful and it is pretty much guaranteed to stay that way, no matter how efficient we make computers.