@_author: cowfu
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:03:31
Considering you can "invest" in a foreign currency I'd say it's fair to call this investing. 
But it's definitely on the gambling side of investing. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:24:44
Speculation is about the current price vs. the true value of the stock/bond/currency/whatever. It has nothing to do with the type of investment, and is always short term movement. 
Bitcoin is easily compared to forex investing. [Here's the basics on it]( (scroll down, lots of forex education). But instead of investing in a foreign country's currency, you're investing in a non-country currency. But the principals are identical. 
So before you go around telling others to read books, you may want to at least use the correct terminology. Someone could invest in bitcoins without it being a speculative investment.
@_date: 2015-01-14 19:34:55
Here, let me argue the same way that he did with me. 
You're wrong. Ascertaining the true value of the stock is speculation. Read Against the Gods: The Remarkable Story of Risk by Peter L. Bernstein
See how it doesn't actually make any points besides saying "you're wrong, here's an authority to back me up"?
It's totally okay to reference a book to make a point. You actually have to reference the point made in the book though, not the whole book itself. Like how you and I quoted actual parts of the references we made. 


That's exactly what speculation is. Even by your own link's definition as you have not satisfied the "promise of safety" or the "satisfactory return" as you are unable to predict that the current price will actually reach the true value you were able to ascertain.
@_date: 2015-01-14 19:16:07
I've read two of his books. I read it in college when I was just getting into investing. I agree with the vast majority of his points. I do not agree that an investment has a promise of safety. 
If you want to use Graham's definition than all real estate, stock purchases, and loans are speculative as none of them promise safety and have risk associated with them. It makes almost every investment into a speculation, and I simply disagree with that one point he's made. 
The quote you gave isn't even from the book you mentioned. You know that right? You quoted "Security Analysis" and told people to read "The Intelligent Investor".
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:45:53
[Here's an article from investopedia about speculation]( - Choice quote: "Instead of purchasing stock in what the investor regards as a high-quality company with long-term upside potential, the speculator looks for opportunities where significant price movement is likely."
So care to actually address any points I've made instead of just saying "Wrong" with no evidence, then just suggesting I read a book I've already read?
That's absolutely what speculation is. Predicting movement of a stock based on the current value against the true value. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 17:51:06
I disagree with Mr. Graham that is what an investment is. Speculative investors believe their analysis promises safety as they have predicted better than the market the value of the stock compared to the current price and attempt to position themselves for the move. His is just describing an arbitrary amount of risk involved to call something speculative. 
No investment truly promises safety.
@_date: 2015-01-14 19:57:58
Sorry, I got annoyed with you when it was me who clearly wasn't communicating effectively and let my emotions get the best of me. 
Thank you for not taking it further. I feel like an idiot getting heated over something so simple on the internet. Cheers.
@_date: 2016-02-17 16:06:15
Disagree strongly. The government should not have access to all of it's citizens' information at all times. 
Hackers are just an extra worry on top of the real one here.
@_date: 2015-10-22 16:01:50
Until people start using it as a currency instead of an investment it's never going to be anything but a novelty. 