@_author: cowmoo
@_date: 2014-07-24 08:51:50
Thank you for your reply. I agree with your sentiment regarding dev's. I'm hopeful that distributed exchanges and escrow services will collide together at some point and maybe some day they'll be merged into the BTC central ledger as a utility service.
I'll keep a close eye on Orisi and am taking a close look at their spec's and actual implementation; appreciate all the current and future feedbacks here,
@_date: 2014-07-24 08:09:29
More details,
For merchants,
Merchants face the problem of being exposed to BTC volatility when they accept BTC; normally, this is being taken care of by Coinbase. I propose an alternative where the merchant payment processor is a free open-source client to the BTC network (BTC merchant account interfaces on top of the core client can be written for Wordpress/PHP/J2EE/Node/whatever for ease of adoption) and takes care of immediate conversion of BTC to X currency.
The merchant would be happy theoretically since the conversion takes $0 fee/commission than going through a intermediary exchange such as Coinbase or Bitstamp and more trustworthy as the transaction is guaranteed by any number of escrow authority, whose reputation is vouched by the master ledger; making the exchange system more resilient as the central exchange mechanism remains the same while there are more points of redundancy for escrows.
For exchanges and escrows,
Exchanges face the risk of insolvency and attacks because they hold BTC for their customers. A "futures delivery" would make a user's trading of BTC with another point to point, with the escrow authority only vouching for a) the buyer's buying power upon trade and then upon settlement date, b) the actual transfer of buyer's money to seller's.
So an escrow agency typical business model would be to hold the user's cash account ideally for free (and earn interest off the cash); when a user A and user B make a trade, they submit their respective record of trade to their escrow agencies with the buyer's escrow agencies rejecting the trade if the person doesn't have enough buying power; then on day of settlement, the seller's escrow agency not settling the trade if the seller's account hasn't been deposited with the fund (the wiring of funds is up to the escrow agency). Only when the trade is finally settled is the BTC is transferred. Thus, individual exchange actors roles will only be reduced to account custodian storing national currency and transferring it; with trade and exchange messages standardized.
This could get interesting as you can have different levels of "trust," and even have "self-escrow" users who can wire money directly for trades kind of like self-signing a SSL certificate; and of course, the network could keep track your level of creditworthiness, kind of like credit score.
For speculators,
With a central exchange, there'll be more liquidity; however, risk against attacks will be smaller as the escrows will be distributed. Fees should theoretically be less as escrows handle only account custodian and wiring and are commoditized.
@_date: 2014-07-24 08:36:15
Thank you for the link. I read the white paper. Yes, they built what I propose. 
For wider adoption of their framework and to cut out Bitstamp and Coinbase IMHO, you need to build a futures exchange right into the BTC protocol and also tools for merchants to use to connect to it to immediately enter into futures delivery contracts. 
It is my humble opinion that Orisi with their current protocol relying on Bitstamp price as a settlement price is not a true futures market but a cash settled derivative market. Sry for being nitpicky, but vast majority actual BTC trading will still remain under for-profit exchange. I believe that a better BTC market would be one where the BTC merchants and speculators can meet at a non-profit exchange without intermediaries and fees. So Orisi and internal exchange rolled into the BTC protocol. 