@_author: cozzy891
@_date: 2014-04-29 23:08:01
Do you rent an apartment?  All of the apartments I've rented with do not offer credit payments..you must pay with a check.
@_date: 2014-07-28 03:18:52
That's what I'm saying!  About a 15min walk east for me.
@_date: 2016-12-31 15:08:09
Microsoft has become a very forward thinking company. It's great. The things they are doing in the tech world wow me more and more as time goes on. 
I used to work as a developer in a Microsoft shop doing C# work. I moved on to a Javascript job and thought 'wow yes no more Microsoft', but now I use Typescript and Visual Studio Code full time. These are Microsoft products, and I use them because they are the best. It's just so nice to see Microsoft doing great things. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 15:04:01
I just got back from a run and checked bitcoinity and saw the HUGE flatline on the price with the massive MtGox trade lag and got really curious.  It's crazy how much bitcoin is dependent on MtGox.
@_date: 2013-03-11 15:21:14
It's very easy. Just pick up the receiver on the phone and follow the instructions. Take the things I told you to and make sure you select "pay a bill" when the phone asks. At some point it will ask for the receive code payment and account number (not in that order. ) At the end it will tell you to go talk to the cashier and tell her/him you need to make an express payment. She/he will pull it up and ask how much and your name (probably to make sure you are paying the correct express payment and not somebody elses) and then you pay her)/him and that's pretty much it. It's very easy. In an out in less than 10 minutes.
@_date: 2013-06-09 23:16:54
Yes, that is exactly what I had. I called Dwolla and they told me it was because I wasn't fully verified with Dwolla, and that I was to relog and there would be a button I could click. Sure enough, it was to verify my details and I still had to input my SSN.   After that, it still wasn't working.  I called back and the same lady gave me CampBX's Dwolla Account ID.  She said I could just send them my money that way and to put my CampBX account number in the Extra Details box and that they would just transfer it into my account.  I did this, no problem.  It's been 4 business days and still no money in CampBX.  I'll wait a few more days until I hit the magical 7 business days and see what happens.  If nothing, I'm raising hell.
@_date: 2013-06-09 16:20:07
I've been having problems with CampBX.   Had an issue where I couldn't do a Dwolla&gt;CampBX transfer as it said I needed KBA, so I called Dwolla and it still didn't work, so they had me transfer money from Dwolla-&gt;CampBX's Dwolla, and I still have not received my money.
Edit: I read somewhere it takes 7 business days to transfer money into your account from Dwolla?  Maybe I haven't waited long enough  - I'm used to the typical 2-3,and it's been 4 bus days.
@_date: 2013-03-11 03:57:50
Like I said, if you look at their website, it says this. "The Bitcoin address and Bitcoin-to-email options are temporarily offline for system updates. These options should be back up on Monday, March 11. We apologize for any inconvenience and thank you for your patience while we run these upgrades"  Normally you can send to a Bitcoin address, but they are down for updates.  The only information you need to pay the moneygram is the receive code, the account number, and the total amount.  You'll have to put your name in the first time and your country and whatnot.  The next time the phone remembers it and even asks if you are paying to ZipZap.  There used to be a video on bitinstant explaining it all, but it seems to have moved or been removed.
@_date: 2013-03-11 03:07:53
They normally let you sent it to a bitcoin address, but if you notice on their website that option is currently down for maintenance.  Previously I had them sent to my blockchain.info account.
If you are doing a cash deposit through CVS or whatever, just write down the information you need on a piece of paper.  Make sure you select that you are paying a bill, and write down the receive code, the total amount, and the account number.  And whatever else you fill think you might need, but I believe that's it.  MtGox is pretty easy. It transfers in within an hour or two, and then you just enter your USD amount and buy Bitcoins.  It's very straight forward and instant.
