@_author: cp5cd1438hsce
@_date: 2017-08-14 15:19:01
To understand why, you need a deeper technical understanding of how Bitcoin works.
You are correct that each coin has a unique ID and so does every user (though there is no unicity here).  But each coin's unique ID is called a "UTXO" and each address is a representation of a "public key".  Before continuing this comment, go read a bit about public key cryptography.
You've probably heard that Bitcoin is a distributed ledger, and this is true.  One only "owns" bitcoin when one controls a private key that mathematically corresponds to a public key/address that some other Bitcoin holder previously transferred some coins to.  The mathematical relationship between public and private keys allows only one who holds the private key to authorize/sign transactions; everybody can see the public key and verify such a signature, but *only the private key holder can authorize a transfer*.  There is no global list of accounts whose balances get updated on each block; the ledger is represented in a novel data structure called the block chain.  Verifying a coin transaction or an address's balance requires verifying those transactions and their signatures all the way back to the genesis block.
"But," you might be wondering, "if in order to 'own' bitcoin someone must have transferred some to you before, how are there any Bitcoins at all?"  This is where block miners come in.  In exchange for working hard to find a valid block, extending the transaction ledger and permitting liquidity, miners are given a "block reward" of currently 12.5 BTC in a special transaction called a "coinbase transaction".  So ultimately all BTC originated with a miner.
Now, everyone can--indeed, everyone *must*--verify the "theft" transaction happened, is a valid Bitcoin transaction, and can see the address that the blockchain says received the coins.  But nobody except the "owner"/controller of the corresponding private key can craft a valid transaction to spend those coins--to register a transfer to another Bitcoin address.  Without a signature from the right private key, any attempted transaction would have an invalid signature, and every Bitcoin node around the world would reject it.
Finally, there is a disconnect between the blockchain and real-world identities.  Anyone can have as many keypairs/addresses as they please: One person/entity can have multiple addresses, and one address can correspond to multiple people.  Bitcoin mixers are an example of the latter: they intentionally combine many peoples' coins into an address, then create a new output that is then split among those people (note that it isn't strictly necessary to use these intermediary addresses; it depends on the architecture of the mixer).  Unless one has non-public information about the participants in that transaction, there is really no way to reliably determine ownership "backwards".  The transaction is valid and is accepted, but if there are 8 people transferring in 1BTC each, and there are 8 transaction outputs of 1BTC, an outside observer has no way to tell which output corresponds to which input.  In this way and others, Bitcoin thieves can effectively launder their proceeds and ensure that the Bitcoins they keep at the end have a tenuous--or no--connection to the stolen BTC.