@_author: cplusplusdeveloper
@_date: 2013-10-02 21:37:28


The problem here seems to be one of arbitration. I.e. feedback systems like Amazon and Silk Road have a trusted authority that can cull obviously false feedback. That is they act as arbiters. 
Why not decentralize this role to the already trusted users in the feedback network? Set up the protocol so that you can point to a given feedback network. Inside the network allow the top 10-20 highest rated users to arbitrate any submitted feedback for falseness in the same way that central admins do now.
The incentive is there. If you're a high rated member of a given feedback network you want the feedback to remain trusted. If your network is compromised with false feedback it reduces the value of your accumulated ranking on that network. Users can choose to point to the feedback networks that are known for being the least compromised. So even if one network does fall they can always just use another one.
Furthermore having multiple feedback networks, and hence ratings is a good thing for end users. Instead of just a single number they can use several rankings from distinct trusted feedback networks. This increases the overall reliability by promoting diversity.
@_date: 2013-10-03 00:07:01
I generally agree with you, but I don't think a feedback system directly involving colored coins is necessary. There's only two things a feedback system needs: a way to aggregate the ratings from customers and an authority to throw out false reviews. The former is trivial to do, if decentralized just use a block chain to register feedback actions and the client can interpret the chain to construct ratings.
So the only impediment is filtering out false reviews. Centrally managed systems like Amazon or Silk Road do this by having a trusted central authority. They flag obvious spam and false reviews. In a decentralized system the best approach is to have the highest ranked users perform that function.
To take one step back I can see setting up a feedback protocol that uses a single block chain. But on top of that chain multiple "feedback networks" exist. Each feedback network manages its own rating/ranking for each user (user being tied to her public key). So the same vendor will have multiple different ratings based on the feedback network.
Within each network the top ranked 10-40 users will have authority to accept feedback as true or throw it away as false. They are all highly incentived to keep their network honest. If the network loses trustworthiness among buyers than their hard-earned reputation on the network will go down in value. In the case that a network is compromised by false reviewers that take it over, it's alright because users can simply point to another feedback network.
In fact I'd imagine that users would point to at least several different trusted feedback networks. This would give them more information by having a diversity of rankings (kind of like how you might review IMDB, Metacritic and Rotten Tomatoes ratings to get a clearer idea of how good a movie is). Second if a network starts being compromised the user could clearly see when its feedback ratings start diverging from other trusted networks.
@_date: 2013-10-03 10:24:10


I'd be interested in taking a look and contributing at least some code. I'm pretty decent coder and hacker.
@_date: 2013-10-02 21:58:08
It seems to me that SR essentially serves four functions:
* A feedback rating system to allow users to select reliable vendors.
* A listing service allowing vendors to advertise their products and prices in a standardized format, and buyers to easily compare.
* A messaging service that allows buyers and sellers to contact each other and coordinate a transaction.
* A payment intermediation system that holds payments in escrow until delivery and arbitrates disputes. 
First the escrow system probably has to go in a decentralized model. It's basically unnecessary as long as the feedback system is reliably trustworthy. Also it is by far the most illegal since it touches money laundering and all kinds of nasty stuff. Probably the most traceable too. And without a central authority who runs the escrow accounts? So I'd get rid of that.
It would seem to me that the remaining three functions should be separated into distinct services. One it severely reduces legal liability. For example if I run a feedback service I'm not even aware of what people are selling or buying, I simply accumulate a point ranking. Similarly a message service could be used for anything.
Second it reduces the systematic failure component. The most legally targeted is probably the lister. But if he gets taken down, he's also the most replaceable in the system. If the feedback and messaging services are still in place users can simply point to another listing service pretty seamlessly.
The listing system is essentially a distributed search engine. Anyone who wants to list would simply put up an equivalent robots.txt file on their public TOR pretense, but present their listings in a structured manner (product, price, quantity, description, message info). The search engine goes through the TOR presences periodically and updates. The buyer simply inputs his parameters in the engine to find a list of sellers. Decentralized search engine technology is already [solved]( Simply apply this. 
Anonymous TOR and encrypted messaging is also not only solved, but several already good services already exist. No need even to do anything on this front.
Finally decentralized feedback is the least developed. What I envision here is a decentralized feedback protocol that can host multiple networks. Using your bittorrent-like system here is a good idea. A given feedback network accumulates the ratings for every user that subscribes to that network. A user can point to multiple feedback networks and each one will have a different feedback listing tied to a simple plaintext username or TOR address related to the seller.
The biggest problem is that feedback networks need to be kept honest, remove spam reviews. How do you do this without a central authority? Set up the protocol so that within any given network the top 10-20 users can arbitrate feedback as good or spam. In effect decentralize the administrative authority to the highest rated users. They're incentivized to keep the network honest, because they hold a high rating on that network. If bad feedback floods the network it reduces the value of their earned reputation on it.
In the case of a network being compromised by bad feedback and taken over by the spam raters, users can simply point to another trusted feedback network and use those ratings instead. In fact users will probably use several distinct feedback network to increase the diversity of the reviews when evaluating sellers.