@_author: cpscta
@_date: 2016-08-26 13:45:19
Logical fallacy in your false equivalence. You stretch and warp reality to fit your view and support your deeply flawed argument. Also, all these stores go to great lengths to deal with fraud since they don't want to lose money. Do you even understand the concept of money laundering? Because the scenarios you just described exist only in your mind and are not in any way how people launder money.
What agenda or ulterior motive could I possibly even have? Upholding some semblance of morality? I merely described my experiences and opinion on a service that I used. Sorry they don't align with your own, but that doesn't invalidate them. Grow up and learn to see and accept other perspectives.
EDIT: Just realized you were the same guy who's vehemently defending Purse in this thread who I just replied to in another comment. Maybe we should all be asking what your real agenda is. 
@_date: 2016-08-26 13:31:42
I'm not an avid Reddit user and I delete comments and use multiple accounts. Why? Privacy mostly. It's also completely irrelevant to this discussion. 
Where did I ever advertise or even mention some kind of Purse competitor? I'm not even aware of any. Who am I supposed to be shilling for? Someone has a different opinion and experience than you, therefore their opinions are downright wrong and illegitimate right?
If you want to talk about shilling, you alone have the most number of posts in this thread, and all of them are defending Purse. In fact, your post history has you jumping to their defense in other threads or promoting them.
EDIT: Also, I'm not an "avid bitcoin user" at all. I stumbled upon it from a tweet and it was fairly simple to look up reviews and from there to buy bitcoins using circle and transfer them to Purse. 
@_date: 2016-08-25 08:03:54
Not at all. If you read my comments and comprehended them fully you would understand I, and the rest of the upset users here, want Purse to acknowledge the money laundering and use of stolen credit cards, Paypals, and Amazon accounts on Purse. The only scheme they acknowledged is child's play in comparison in regards to it's effects on the victim and everyone else who is negatively affected.
@_date: 2016-08-26 16:13:41
Again, I never said we weren't arguing over semantics. And you never supported your definition with Wikipedia. Rather, you took one line of a Wikipedia article and assumed it implied you were right. Disregarding the fact that you used one citation-less line from Wikipedia as a source, you have yet to provide me with another commonly accepted definition for chain of custody. Whatever you tried to write in those brackets not only is near incomprehensible, it also does not support your argument in any way. 
Stop making it sound like I equivocate Purse.io with eBay or Craigslist or Walmart. You can try to make whatever I say sound trivial, but it's just more informal fallacies coming from you as you have no real point to make against me. 
@_date: 2016-08-26 15:42:29


You might not. I never said we weren't arguing semantics, just plainly said you're wrong. Chain of custody is a term developed within common law and used only within common law. You said there were multiple meanings and contexts and I asked you to find me other ones.
I have yet to attack your so called assertion because I never argued against it or even made a statement of the opposite. You conjured up the entire argument on your own and tried to put words in my mouth. Strawman fallacy at it's finest. You made up this easily refutable argument and presented it as though I were the one who initially stated it. I merely said I don't use Purse.io for the same reason I don't buy half off Rolex's from the sketchy guy in the ghetto. Higher risk of fraud and danger to myself.
@_date: 2016-08-24 18:07:24
I am a user with similar concerns myself. On one hand, I do appreciate the savings, however, the risk of being tied to any kind of fraud crime makes me uneasy. Ultimately, I decided against using the service any longer for both my own safety, as well as not wanting to potentially support criminals.
I would come back in a heartbeat if the owners showed a sincere commitment against fraud and actually took meaningful steps towards that goal. Since it's been so long now and the staff still completely refuse to even acknowledge the existence of money laundering and credit card fraud on their service, I can only assume they do not care. It's a shame, the idea was good but the execution leaves many people wanting.
@_date: 2016-08-26 14:02:34
Yes, instead you'd rather utilize your time learning how to benefit from other people's misery. But hey, as long as it's no skin off your back right.
@_date: 2016-08-26 15:23:54
Go ahead and find me another commonly used definition for chain of custody that you didn't just make up on the spot. In fact, go ahead and find me anyone else who has used that term in the same way you just did.
You're assuming I'm assuming there is no fraud in a grocery store. It's simple economics and the fact that you try to support your own point with such flawed and distantly related arguments only serve to show how you grasp at straws.
To be quite frank you don't seem like a very well socially adjusted person. Just skimming through your post history for the past few days, every single one of your posts involves arguing with someone else, usually to no end or point. And you literally have dozens of comments everyday where you do this. Likable people don't sit around their computers all day being antagonistic to random people over the internet because they have nothing better to do. Next time you sit at home alone on a Friday night with no messages on your phone, perhaps take the time to reevaluate yourself.
@_date: 2016-08-26 14:53:53
Chain of custody is the process rather than the documents itself. Not semantics, just definition. It honestly did not and does not sound like you are aware or understand much of real life at all. I shop for groceries the same way everyone else does. I go to the grocery store, and not the homeless man selling cabbages and carrots on a blanket in the alley. Just the same as I buy my watches from a jewelry store, and not a man in a trench coat by the dumpster. But it is your prerogative if you want to use these sellers instead in order to save some money.
@_date: 2016-08-26 14:18:54
Wow. That single comment insulted your character and intelligence better than I could ever hope to.
Firstly, "purchases" do not have ""carfax" ownership history". Cars have Carfax reports which details the vehicle's history, and it certainly does not take 6 months to look that up.
Secondly, "chain of custody" doesn't mean what you think it means. 


@_date: 2016-08-25 02:27:02
I'm going to assume you work for Purse? If so, your comment exactly is the issue I am complaining about. It provides a non answer that sounds good for PR reasons. Just because an earner uses a gift card does not mean fraud is/was not involved. Amazon Gift Cards can and have been acquired illegitimately and your website provides an easy way for these gift cards to be turned into a relatively clean and untraceable currency.
Like I said in my original post, I have yet to see a Purse employee even remotely acknowledge the *possibility* of fraud and money laundering being present in your service. You state you know about other issues but again fail to state how you will try to fix them. 


PR mumbo jumbo that means nothing to the average user. Prove that you actually work hard for your customers by actually taking a firm stance against crime. Your response has only encouraged me to stand firm against ever using your website again.
@_date: 2016-08-26 13:52:24
Salty about not wanting to potentially involve myself in fraudulent activities? Apologies for having sympathy for those who are affected by it. Really shows the type of immature and apathetic users who couldn't care less as long as they get $5 off their fleshlight from Amazon.