@_author: cpunk
@_date: 2018-04-14 18:53:14
Not according to ISIS in their movie The Return of the Gold Dinar, which is well worth watching if you can find a copy on Telegram. Bonus for the scenes with Ron Paul castigating the Federal Reserve.
Bitcoin is definitely haram for 2 reasons. Sharia forbids assigning a price to anything that does not possess an intrinsic value. And the Prophet didn't use Bitcoin--he commanded to only use Gold and Silver coins. Since the Prophet was "the perfect man", all Muslims must strive to live according to the Prophetic Methodology identical to his way of life and to only use the same technology he and the Sahaba had in 620AD. It is a sin to *not* live exactly like the Prophet. So any Muslims who trade Bitcoins will be cast from the al-Sirat bridge into the Hellfire on the Day of Judgement.
Fear Allah!
@_date: 2017-07-19 19:35:36
If I was the Shadowbroker, I already don't give a shit about money because I already robbed the Federal Reserve by wiring *Dr Evil voice* ONE MILLION DOLLARS to the SWIFT bank in Elbonia that I pwnd using the other 200+ 0days that I jacked from NSA and which you still don't know exist.
If I was the Shadowbroker who already has more money than I ever was going to earn in my lifetime, and who has a personal vendetta bigger than Montresor against NSA and all of their assisting Little Eichmann's and 5 million Cleared contractors in the Military Industrial Complex, I would 
execute great vengeance upon them with furious rebukes and send the WannaCry Bitcoins to all of the EQGRP members, like Jake, everyone on the Stuxnet team, everyone in TAO team, and everyone in the Cryptologic Executive.
How many of these NSA'ers do you think *don't* have a Bitcoin wallet that would be trivial to find when you're hacking NSA from *inside* the soft, gooey, delicious, caramel candy egg-shell like the Shadowbroker is?
Of course they all have at least one wallet because they are like early adopter Vampires who can't help but invite themselves into any shiny new tech like Bitcoin.
Then there's no need to actually dox them by leaking their names.
The media and foreign intelligence agencies and vigilante hackers will hunt those wallet address and eventually one by one unmask them and do the job of doxing NSA hackers for me.
Good luck to NSA hackers who want to vacay outside CONUS.
You can't.
You're named fugitives on The Watchlist of 188 nations (193 UN members - 5 FVEYS) and you'll be turned back when you attempt to cross border control.
Sure you were the Smartest Guys in the Room, you outsmarted all of us, you Hacked the Planet, you Hunted Sysadmins and Nothing is Beyond Your Reach.
Except the beach. In the Carribean, EU, Latin America, Africa, and the Far East, right next to the hotel where you reserved a week, paid in advance (hope you bought refund insurance ~ LOL). Every nation where your NSA viruses attacked critical infrastructure, tasked economic espionage targets, civilian networks and mass surveiled millions and millions of totally innocent people--you are no longer welcome.
You may have gotten away Scott Free, but no man and not even the NSA is untouchable--there are always consequences for every action.
Enjoy spending the divied up WannaCry fortune fruits of your hacker labor and have a wonderful vacation trapped within your CONUS sandbox ya NSA cunts! 