@_author: cracksocks
@_date: 2014-04-26 13:36:33
Replying again because I feel very strongly about this-- not everybody cares about their community, or has a system of morals. For some people, the only thing stopping them from robbing or killing is the fear of reprisal. Without government, that capacity to retaliate disappears, and then who protects other people from them? It'll have to be some kind of defensive force paid for by the community being defended, which is basically a government, if not an advanced one.
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:22:44
Yes, we are animals. Meaning we want to live as long as possible, feel good, and reproduce. Meaning we need food and sex. Most animals kill each other over food and sex/ That is what we would do without a government.
@_date: 2014-04-24 19:26:38
Randian? Hahahahahahaha... you couldn't be farther off. I'm saying that everybody arguing in favor of anarchy fails to grasp that if there's no monopoly on force, then whoever has the biggest stick can have anything they want. There's nothing to limit them.
@_date: 2014-04-27 01:23:55
Your "sociopaths are attracted to power" hypothesis is unsubstantiated by evidence. And yes, the whole point of the original post is that anarchy is not even possible. You're basically admitting that right now. In a place where there is no monopoly on force, warlords rise up to kill each other over it until there is only one left. That one left becomes the government. If I have to choose between living in security and risking my life every day, I'd prefer things to remain as they are, thanks. Compared to every other society in history, we have it the best, and I will never advocate for getting rid of it in the pursuit of some doomed-from-the-start anarchist experiment.
@_date: 2014-04-24 17:04:22
ITT: A bunch of idiots who don't understand economics and rational self-interest
@_date: 2014-04-28 15:31:59
Okay, well cities aren't going to disappear in a future anarchy. They're also going to remain linchpins of the economy, so yes, a city problem is most certainly a rural problem. 
Let me put it like this: if a group of people decides they want to rob others and assembles into a gang, you're probably going to need a bigger gang to stop them. If there are several such groups, then you're going to need a bunch of people working full time to stop them. Those people won't have time to work, so the only incentive for them to work for the people they protect is if somebody pays for their labor. Starting to sound familiar? Once one of these groups grows large enough to address the majority of internal threats, it becomes a government. I don't even really understand what argument you're trying to make.
@_date: 2014-05-01 21:19:45


Yeah, like a government? Ya know, a full time militia to address threats both internal and external? Like a government? Those people need to be paid because they don't have the time to be self-sufficient and they have no reason to protect people who don't matter to them. They need to be funded somehow, otherwise a. nobody will want to do it and b. they won't be able to survive. 
Why would you give them anything? We don't just *give* random people things as it is. Resources are scarce and valuable, and it's natural not only for humans, but for all life, to be self-serving. Any theory of government which assumes that the average person is unfailingly altruistic is totally, totally flawed. If all people were intrinsically good there'd be no need for laws, but as literally countless examples from history can attest, there are people who take advantage of others. Anarchy would take all the checks off those people.
@_date: 2014-04-26 13:17:22
Yeah, that's exactly what would happen. Look at everywhere on earth where government actually doesn't exist. America's ghettos, Somalia, etc. Those places aren't known for doing well.
@_date: 2014-04-28 15:27:38
Do you have any sources at all for the claims you're making? You're claiming that the OP is misrepresenting anarchism, but you haven't told me exactly how a hypothetical anarchy would work and protect against violence.