@_author: crackity__jones
@_date: 2017-01-10 09:22:03
You'll have to do your own research because I'm not going to waste my time telling you that the sky is blue and the grass is green.  If you are that misinformed,  you need to find your own way out of whatever fiction you have created in your mind.   
I don't know what kind of fiction you are trying to parse by saying the Senate didn't approve either of these laws,  but the truth remains that both were approved by 2/3 majority of the Senate.  Your fictional distinctions are not recognised anywhere by anyone and exist only in your mind.  If anyone needs to provide cites it is you because you are the one taking the position that is contrary to the the black and white factual record.  The Senate approved by 2/3 majority - if you have a reason that we should not belive the Senate,  explain yourself.
Also,  you haven't clarified whether you are talking about the FACTA or the FATCA.  If it is truly FACTA,  please explain how it is relevant. 
@_date: 2017-01-12 03:02:03
Let's start at the beginning. Which law?  Your incredulous response does not sound genuine given that I've asked for this clarification 3 times already and you keep avoiding it.
No way for you to expect me to know what you're saying unless you at least tell me which law you are referencing.  FACTA doesn't make much sense so I'm not going to waste my time on it if that's not really what you mean.    
@_date: 2017-01-10 02:45:22
I don't know why you keep pursuing this "unconstitutional" angle. The FACTA  was passed with more than two-thirds majority of the Senate. (70-28). What more do you want to satisfy your own test? 
Secondly, the reason nobody is taking a stand against this law is because it is one of 10,000 International agreements passed since World War 2 in this manner. (Which is also constitutional even if two-thirds of the Senate didn't vote for it and it was done by the President. However, we don't need to get that far because the Senate vote was there 70 - 28.) 
EDIT:  oops, my vote numbers above are wrong because I didn't double-check when my search engine returned results for FATCA.  the vote for FACTA was 95-2.    No matter how you spin it,  95-2 is well over a 2/3 majority.  
EDIT 2:  Are you sure that you mean FACTA and not FATCA?  FATCA makes a lot more sense in this context .  .  .
Either way, both were passed with more than 2/3 majority in the Senate. 
@_date: 2017-01-09 08:06:27
You sound like an idiot when you throw around the word "unconstitutional" when you have no idea what you're talking about. Just because you don't like something the government does, does not make it unconstitutional. Nothing you have described is anything close to unconstitutional - you are complaining that the government is making its paperwork more efficient. 
The fact-free approach that some of our politicians are currently taking is nothing but a temporary fad. You would be wise to find a better approach to understanding economic issues.
@_date: 2017-01-08 02:53:00
First of all, the FACTA (or FATCA, take your pick) was ratified by both the House and the Senate and signed by the President. All three boxes required for law creation are checked. I'm not sure what you mean by saying the Senate didn't authorize the law.
Second, it is not a treaty, it is a regular statutory law. Also, even if it was a treaty, the president has much more authority to enter into International treaties than you probably think. The US divides treaties into three classifications, only one of which requires the prior approval of the Senate as mentioned in the Constitution. Because the president needs the ability to enter into treaties during international negotiations without having to wait months for the Senate to act, laws have been created and courts have decided that the president has the ability to enter into international agreements. So, we created two additional types of agreements which the president has the ability to enter into without prior approval from the Senate.
The rest of the world doesn't divide treaties into three classifications , they only use one: Treaty. Regardless how we have classified it, the rest of the world sees all of our agreements as treaties, they do not give a crap what we call it at home because the operative result is the same.. In fact, formal constitutional treaties are actually very rare in modern times. Since World War II , over 90% of our International Agreements are not Senate approves treaties, but presidentially-created agreements.
 This is a good example of why the "founding fathers" insisted that the Constitution could be amended. The Senate approval requirement may have made sense back in times when you needed to wait a few months for a boat to cross the ocean in order to send an official message from Washington to Europe. But in today's world of emails and video teleconferencing , a new system was necessary. This is also why the idiots who insist upon a "strict interpretation" of the Constitution at the time it was written are wrong. Even the founding fathers knew that times change and government needs to change with it. 