@_author: craftyclint
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:23:05
It had not dawned on me that people would think that 1 Bitcoin was indivisible. What a silly assumption! Maybe the media should start reporting on the price of mBTC, or even a Satoshi. It might be the thing to spur people to find out more and understand that it is common to buy small quantities.
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:55:46
There is always the opportunity cost of converting your USD to Bitcoin. If you think Bitcoin will rise relative to USD, then you are wasting money by not exchanging USD for Bitcoin as early as possible. This is true of all forms of wealth, not just currencies. 
From your example, you spend 1 BTC on a Millennium Falcon model when that same 1 BTC could be bought for 600 USD. In one year, you think that 1 BTC will be valued at 1,000 USD, but what will be the value of the Millennium Falcon model? If it is 1 BTC, then the value rose with Bitcoin. If it is 1.138 BTC, then you should have bought another Millennium Falcon model while you were at it. If it is 400 mBTC, then you should have waited to buy the Millennium Falcon model.
Also, you are viewing the USD as unchanging. What if you consider the exchange of 1 USD to BTC (instead of 1 BTC to USD)? Today, 1 USD buys 1.6 mBTC, but tomorrow 1 USD may only buy 1.2 mBTC. While it may seem unrealistic to consider that the USD is losing so much value, it is non negligible when comparing exchange rates.
If the United States was suffering from hyperinflation, you would see the exchange of BTC to USD rise astronomically, but that doesn't mean that the value of BTC itself was rising astronomically. The key is to evaluate both sides of the exchange - BTC may be rising *and* the USD may be falling (due to inflation). There is no static store of value.
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:02:30


Incorrect. The agreements don't allow an *additional* fee to be charged for using a credit card. This is different than offering a discount for other forms of payment. Many stores include the credit card fee in their advertised price. Some stores do still offer cash discounts and it is not in violation of their merchant agreement. Spec's is one example that clearly advertises a 5% cash discount.