@_author: craigsgeek
@_date: 2011-07-14 18:35:40
Everyone had their trades reduced to 0.3%, not those who were hacked.  If you open an account right now, you will get 0.3% too.  Therefore, this is just a "sale price" as far as I'm concerned, not compensation.  I think they should compensate everyone who was hacked, not just those rolled back, and do so equally.  If everyone was given 0.3%, then I would not be complaining.  If everyone was given 0.4% I wouldn't be complaining either.  If everyone was given a non-fee related form of compensation, I wouldn't be complaining either.  It's not what was given to us, but who it was given to that I have an issue with.  So yes, they can please everyone: Give hacked accounts equal compensation, give new accounts any sale you want.


Thank you for stating what I was trying to, but could not.  This is exactly what I DO have a problem with.  MtGox is essentially ignoring those people that do not bring them as much revenue.  So I ask this: Why look after the regular customers first?  My account being hacked has done just as much damage to me as someone who used their account regularly, but I'm treated as a second class customer.  You seem to be saying it yourself - MtGox is compensating customers based on how much profit they bring in, not how much they were hurt by the hack.
@_date: 2011-07-14 16:38:14
Yes, that's correct.  I assumed that at first as well.  It never crossed my mind they would give better compensation to people who happened to have a trade placed at the time, even though all customers suffered equally (more or less).
If you think that's bad, they're not even giving the hacked customers who had no orders placed ANY type of a bonus.  I did not realize until recently that the 0.3% was not a special compensation to hacked customers.  It's given to everybody - even if you sign up today and were never hacked.  Open a new account if you don't believe me.
I'd love to see a graph of that as well.  I'd also like to know how much more often a customer with a 0% fee is making trades than customers that need to pay.
@_date: 2011-07-14 16:22:18
So are you in the habbit of asking that to all first posts or something?
Nope, I don't.  Care to point to ANY account that is also mine?  I'm generally a lurker (reddit lurker since 2007) and created this account yesterday since I need to actually post to get a response.  I only have 2 accounts - this new one, and another account I've had for 1-2 years that I don't use for Bitcoin.
I was also under the impression that Bitcoin was intended to be anonymous.  Even if I made a new account for each post (which I am not planning on doing), what's the problem with it?  I simply don't want my main account tied to any financial info.  If it's not spamming useless posts, then anonymity should be fine.
@_date: 2011-07-14 06:13:55
So just to get this straight...
My email address and password were given out for the world to see, but I still get a rate that's infinitely higher than someone who put in a 0.02 bid? This makes no sense to me. My bank account was hacked and MtGox won't even respond (properly) to my emails/support tickets.
I for one am fed up with this preferred customer nonsense. I don't care if the fee was 0.000001%, it's still infinitely more than the 0% users. I love how I'm now getting punished for not being greedy during the crash. While the difference between 0% and 0.3% is not a lot for many people, it kills day traders. You can't compete with someone who can buy and sell without worrying about fees at all.  The market spread was reduced to almost nothing after the fees went to 0.
So why exactly do the people who made a small insignificant bid also get better security?  The fees are one thing, but security is a new can of worms.  My account was hacked the same as everyone elses. Sure it was my fault for having a similar (not even the same) password for my bank account, but that doesn't get rid of all of the blame from MtGox.
The funniest part is that MtGox promised EVERYBODY these benefits on the bitcoin show. What great PR.
I realize that answering tickets takes time.  I will give you a week or two even, as long as after waiting that long, I get what I believe is fair.  I realize that I demanded very fast response time in my ticket, but that was only because my ticket was mixed up with one from someone else.  I don't mind getting a response meant for someone else... I'm just afraid that someone else is now getting a response intended for me.  Please don't rush tickets if it means giving out user info to the wrong people!
@_date: 2011-07-14 16:14:31
I was pretty much asking for it.  It was not the same password, just similar.  I won't get into how I chose it (of course), but it definitely should have been more secure.
Thanks for the info about IRC.  I tried it already a few times, but got no response.  That's probably because when he's not sleeping, I am.  I'll keep trying though.
I'm sorry if you think I'm a "whiney bitch".  I'm not quite sure what I said that made me come off as such.  I realize that the majority of people with 0% had legit trades, but what I'm arguing is that not having a trade rolled back should not exclude you from receiving a fair compensation.  I just think having such a huge difference in compensation for someone with a 0.00000001 BTC trade that was cancelled and someone without one is ridiculous.
Edit: Just to clarify, since I realize that my bank account (as well as a couple others) were broken into due to a poor password, I don't expect them to refund what was lost or anything crazy like that.  I simply want equal treatment and not a two tier website.