@_author: cramson_sconefield
@_date: 2019-11-04 11:56:12
Yes, you are correct that the security/strength of the network and the amazing fact that nobody knows who created bitcoin make Bitcoin the ultimate crypto asset. Perhaps the most incredible feat that Satoshi pulled off was the anonymity. We can't point to a single person or corporation and say that they created Bitcoin for their own financial gain (something no other crypto can say). This gives Bitcoin so much more trust than any other crypto or bitcoin fork. 
However scarcity is what gives bitcoin it's value along with the things you mentioned. Bitcoin is scarce. There is no debate about that. There is a finite number and of course all numbers are divisible. Divisibility does not mean infinite replication. Dollars or gold can be divided infinitely as well. I can say that I have 0.0000001 gram of gold or 0.00001 dollar. Dividing my gold or bitcoin doesn't make me have more of it. If I have 1 btc, I know that I have 1 out of 21 million.
@_date: 2019-11-26 04:03:47
The word billionaires means nothing when talking about fiat. I assume you mean US dollar billionaires and not Japanese yen or Euros. Fiat currencies like the Dollar could hyperinflate and every average joe would be a billionaire. This is what happened in Germany, Zimbabwe and Hungary for example.
A higher number in fiat doesn't mean more wealth. It doesn't really mean anything. The purchasing power is what matters. Being a billionaire isn't so great when an apple costs a million dollars. Stop thinking in fiat and start thinking in bitcoin. There will be no bitcoin billionaires because there will never be a billion bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-11-04 13:32:35
I'm a big fan of Saifedean Ammous and his book The Bitcoin Standard. Highly recommend to everyone as well.  
This post isn't a summary of his book nor are there any quotes from it. I would source Ludwig Von Mises' *Theory of Money and Credit* as well Carl Menger's *Principles of Economics* for their contributions to Austrian Economics and theory of money, and Saifedean for teaching me that the output of gold was relatively constant at 2%.
@_date: 2019-11-04 12:00:54
I'm not saying it's the most important function for people. It's the most important function of money. I too need to buy my groceries and pay rent, and I do that in fiat. However, the most important and difficult attribute for money to obtain is the store of value. A money that is a better store of value will always be "better money" in the long run.
@_date: 2019-08-30 22:54:27
You're absolutely correct. People that expect every transaction to be done on-chain don't understand how sound money works. Was just writing about this to someone's question on another thread. Will re-post my reply here.  
 
The majority of bitcoin transactions today are actually not done on the blockchain. That means we are already taking the bitcoin value off the blockchain and storing it somewhere else for quicker/simpler settlements.
Think about it this way. Whenever I buy bitcoin I use paxful.com, an online exchange. The exchange is like a casino. I walk into the casino (bitcoin exchange) with my one bitcoin and say I'm here to play. Once I've moved my 1 bitcoin into the casino that transaction is recorded on the blockchain. The casino (exchange) now owns 1 bitcoin and i'm holding a bunch of numbers that say I have 1 bitcoin. Now within the casino I can stay here forever buying and selling bitcoin. I see numbers showing my bitcoin holdings increasing or decreasing with each transaction at this casino, but none of these transactions are actually recorded on the blockchain. The balance is being recorded by the exchange just like casino chips. This is why transactions on the exchange are instant. Now once I leave the casino and decide to move my money from the exchange to my personal wallet, that transaction is recorded on the blockchain. I wait a couple of minutes for the blockchain to verify until I see the bitcoin in my personal wallet. I have cashed in my chips and left the casino.
Side Note: This is why people tell you to not leave your money in exchanges. If the casino gets robbed while you're sitting inside playing, you're stuck holding a bunch of chips that you can no longer cash in for your bitcoin.
Issuing paper money backed by bitcoin is the same principle. You have a bank that holds bitcoin in it's vaults instead of gold. The bank issues paper money saying that this bill is worth 100 satoshis. You go out and buy your lemonade with this piece of paper. It circulates around the economy indefinitely being used in transactions numerous times. We are using bitcoin to buy/sell things, but none of this is being done on-chain. Then, at some point in time, somebody takes that 100 satoshi bill to the bank and says "100 satoshis please". The bank takes the note out of circulation by plucking it out of your hand and recording on-chain that you now have 100 satoshis.
This is how the gold standard worked. For the longest time you could go to the bank and exchange about 20 USD for an ounce of gold. This kept government spending in check and prevented the devaluation of your dollar. But then the govt started mucking things up by changing the price of USD for an ounce of gold and then removing us from the gold standard all together.
Anyways what we will see in the future will be people or entities with a lot of bitcoin becoming "central banks". They will issue paper money, credit cards, debt, loans, bimbos, crumbos, you name it.... and it will all be backed by bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-05 02:31:28
I've thought about this as well. Currently the only denominations for bitcoin you really hear are "bitcoin" (1btc) or "satoshis"/"sats" (0.00000001 btc) . You never really hear people talking about DeciBits or MilliBits, they just don't have the same ring to them. I imagine society will coin a new, hip word for DeciBits or CentiBits, and everyone will be talking about trying to get their first "Deci" or "Centi"
@_date: 2019-08-30 22:26:38
Sure. The majority of bitcoin transactions today are actually not done on the blockchain. That means we are already taking the bitcoin value off the blockchain and storing it somewhere else for quicker/simpler settlements. 
Think about it this way. Whenever I buy bitcoin I use paxful.com, an online exchange. The exchange is like a casino. I walk into the casino (bitcoin exchange) with my one bitcoin and say I'm here to play. Once I've moved my 1 bitcoin into the casino that transaction is recorded on the blockchain. The casino (exchange) now owns 1 bitcoin and i'm holding a bunch of numbers that say I have 1 bitcoin. Now within the casino I can stay here forever buying and selling bitcoin. I see numbers showing my bitcoin holdings increasing or decreasing with each transaction at this casino, but none of these transactions are actually recorded on the blockchain. The balance is being recorded by the exchange just like casino chips. This is why transactions on the exchange are instant. Now once I leave the casino and decide to move my money from the exchange to my personal wallet, that transaction is recorded on the blockchain. I wait a couple of minutes for the blockchain to verify until I see the bitcoin in my personal wallet. I have cashed in my chips and left the casino.
Side Note: This is why people tell you to not leave your money in exchanges. If the casino gets robbed while you're sitting inside playing, you're stuck holding a bunch of chips that you can no longer cash in for your bitcoin.
Issuing paper money backed by bitcoin is the same principle. You have a bank that holds bitcoin in it's vaults instead of gold. The bank issues paper money saying that this bill is worth 100 satoshis. You go out and buy your lemonade with this piece of paper. It circulates around the economy indefinitely being used in transactions numerous times. We are using bitcoin to buy/sell things, but none of this is being done on-chain. Then, at some point in time, somebody takes that 100 satoshi bill to the bank and says "100 satoshis please". The bank takes the note out of circulation by plucking it out of your hand and recording on-chain that you now have 100 satoshis. 
This is how the gold standard worked. For the longest time you could go to the bank and exchange about 20 USD for an ounce of gold. This kept government spending in check and prevented the devaluation of your dollar. But then the govt started mucking things up by changing the price of USD for an ounce of gold and then removing us from the gold standard all together.
Anyways what we will see in the future will be people or entities with a lot of bitcoin becoming "central banks". They will issue paper money, credit cards, debt, loans, bimbos, crumbos, you name it.... and it will all be backed by bitcoin. 
Hope this makes sense!
@_date: 2019-08-30 08:19:42
One of the millions of islands in South East Asia.
@_date: 2019-08-30 04:58:34
The idea of people making transactions on the bitcoin block-chain for everyday purchases is silly. What is happening and what we will see happening more in the future are settlement layers being built on top of bitcoin. This means you can have paper money, alt-coins, credit cards or whatever built on top of bitcoin. It's a bitcoin standard. Just like how the world was built on the gold standard for centuries and centuries. We were on the gold standard until 1971, but that didn't mean you went to McDonald's and paid for your burger in gold, you paid for your burger in dollars that were backed by gold.
@_date: 2019-08-30 04:51:14
Same here! I've gotten two of my buddies to read it as well and now they are both all in on Bitcoin :)
I first heard him on the Tom Woods show. Highly recommend giving it a listen:  [
@_date: 2019-08-04 00:22:58
me neither :( We may have more btc than OP but he has something which btc will never buy... msn messenger titties. You win this one, sir.
@_date: 2019-06-15 02:30:00
Hear hear!
@_date: 2019-10-22 09:11:11
Hells yes. I buy all of my bitcoin via alipay on paxful. Super easy and convenient to do when living in China
@_date: 2019-12-02 05:40:26
@_date: 2019-09-20 12:39:37
My mindset is, "whenever it's under 10k, bitcoin is on sale"
@_date: 2019-09-03 10:10:06
Sure the price will stabilize. Bitcoin is becoming more stable with each passing day. It may not seem like it because it's still in its infancy. Just remember bitcoin is finite and as more and more individuals hold bitcoin the less power individuals will have to move the price of bitcoin. Right now a billionaire can learn about bitcoin and go all in, causing the price to sky rocket or, conversely, to sell causing the price to plummet. We can expect this type of behavior from wealthy individuals and entities for many many years. However the trend is adoption by more individuals. As long as this continues, volatility will decrease.