@_author: crashed7
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:32:20
The problem with bitcoin is that it has absolutely nothing to compare its value to, except fiat currancy. A fiat currency can be compared against goods which can be brought against it, so you can compare two items that cost the same and get a basic understand of what that currency is then worth to others (those selling the goods). With bitcoin, say on the dark net markets, goods are not sold in bitcoin, they are sold in a local currency which the market then charges the equivalent in bitcoin depending on the value of bitcoin against the fiat currency you would normally use at the time of purchase. So it is valued purely on supply and demand of the currency and not the goods it can be used to purchase. In turn this means it is valued purely on confidence of those who want to buy or sell bitcoin, not the goods. With people investing that do not understand economics, supply and demand and consumer confidence, the media have the power to dictate its value by way of influencing the confidence of such investors. Until Bitcoin is fixed in a way it can be used as a currency, without those £50 fees just to get a transaction through, and as such people can compare two items based on bitcoin value against actual goods and not how much bitcoin is worth compared with another currency, then this will only get worse as more people own bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:27:05
Anyone complaining that Coinbase is charging high transaction fees, you really should try and make an effort to understand how Bitcoin works before buying. These fees are not paid to Coinbase, they are paid to the miners to get your transaction onto the next block. It works like an auction, the highest bidders get their transactions processed. All Coinbase does it estimate what you need to pay the miners to get your transaction through. Those buying £50 / $50 worth of Bitcoin are those who don't understand how it works and you are just throwing cash away whilst filling up the mempool.