@_author: crashmarcoz
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:09:30
 I first heard about Bitcoin a couple years ago from a twitter account called Trutherbot. This twitter account played a big role in waking me to the truths of the federal reserve and the worldwide central banking scam. Nevertheless everytime he would post something about bitcoin I was to lazy to actually watch a 10 minute video on what it was. Fast forward to summer 2017 Im working and going to school at the same time hating both at the same time. While I learned some valuable lessons and hd great teachers in college I saw Most universities as outdated institutions more focused on making money and having a succesful football team that actually keeping up to date with the age of information where most careers will have to be relearned by the time you get that paper. To top it all off I would have to go into debt to pay a 4 year university tuition.  My job on the other hand was HUGE on "SELL THIS SELL THAT SELL EVERYTHING" It always made me feel like a total cuck seeing poor ladies with their fast food uniform on count out cash to try and pay their bills and it be my job to try to sell them on something I knew they couldn't afford. Point being I felt like a total shill working there and I wanted out. By habit I fall sleep watching a documentary about anything I find on youtube.  I watched a youtuber who  mentioned Bitcoin which was what eventually made me say " What the hell is this bitcoin thing" and decided to do some research. It was love at first sight. I saw Bitcoin as a sword forged from liberty itself to cut off the tentacles of historical bank oppression and create a financial revolution  I was so ecstatic; I felt like I had discovered a digital California gold rush besides the technological and financial revolution I was witnessing. I became huge on Bitcoin, almost all my twitter and facebook posts were about cryptocurrency and I kept telling everyone how this was the future. In those summer months I would get out what I could of my paycheck and put it into bitcoin. As the boom continued I continued to HODL and make more money. Then it hit me. "people who dedicate their life to trading stocks or forex it isnt luck its a strategy, and any strategy can be learned and applied. As I hodled I called my family back in Mexico and told them all about it and my mom sent me 1k to invest it for her. The more I grew in knowledge the more comfortable I felt trading. Over time due to my posts on social media more and more people kept messaging me asking me about bitcoin and how they could invest. This made me decide to start a hedge fund and run it month by month. This was it. My exit from being a tax slave to the dollar fictional system. I quit my job, dropped out of school sold my car and moved back to Mexico with my fam so I could focus full time to trading with maximum efficiency. Fast forward to November 2017. I have 12.5 k invested and my sister turns 15, Her Dad sends her 6k as a birthday present and my mom gives me 4k to invest it for her. Total 16.5 k for the month. One night, I see BCH is pumping like hell. Sticking to trader discipline I tell myself theres no way IM buying on such a high, It goes from 300 to 400 to 500 to 600 to 1lk bam bam bam. This at the same time BTC is going down. I scamble to social media and see everyone talking about "The Cashening". I told myself I wouldent switch unless it went over 2.5k. Within 15 minutes I saw my fund drop 50% in price and i dumped. Now sitting with 50% of what I had I knew I had to make a powerplay to end the month positive. I scoured altcoins for that answer and found XLM. I even posted an analyses on my tradingview. telling everyone to buy at 491 and predicted a 57-120% increase . 4 hours before The pump I set a stop loss on XLM and go to sleep just in case. I wake up to find myself stop lossed with no XLM and it being around 1k sats. again , devastation. I wasent about to end the month negative and dissapoint all my Friends and family. I learned how to margin trade. I made an account on Bitmex and transfered my remaining funds in there. Fast forward to today. I see BTC forming a pennant after breaking resistance and decide to all in 25x leverage. Gone, everything is gone. I apologize for the rushed ending but im still in shock. Im sorry for the clickbait title but I want this story to serve as an example to anyone who wants to become a "trader"  in crypto. My advice is never go all in and just hodl; dont trade. or you could end up like me. A fool who let greed blind him. I dont want anyone else to experience the stress and anguish I felt and still feel. This all happened not more than 2 hours ago. Please be careful.
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:19:46
I want to share my story over how I became a Master crypto trader I first heard about Bitcoin a couple years ago from a twitter account called Trutherbot. This twitter account played a big role in waking me to the truths of the federal reserve and the worldwide central banking scam. Nevertheless everytime he would post something about bitcoin I was to lazy to actually watch a 10 minute video on what it was. Fast forward to summer 2017 Im working and going to school at the same time hating both at the same time. While I learned some valuable lessons and hd great teachers in college I saw Most universities as outdated institutions more focused on making money and having a succesful football team that actually keeping up to date with the age of information where most careers will have to be relearned by the time you get that paper. To top it all off I would have to go into debt to pay a 4 year university tuition.  My job on the other hand was HUGE on "SELL THIS SELL THAT SELL EVERYTHING" It always made me feel like a total cuck seeing poor ladies with their fast food uniform on count out cash to try and pay their bills and it be my job to try to sell them on something I knew they couldn't afford. Point being I felt like a total shill working there and I wanted out. By habit I fall sleep watching a documentary about anything I find on youtube.  I watched a youtuber who  mentioned Bitcoin which was what eventually made me say " What the hell is this bitcoin thing" and decided to do some research. It was love at first sight. I saw Bitcoin as a sword forged from liberty itself to cut off the tentacles of historical bank oppression and create a financial revolution  I was so ecstatic; I felt like I had discovered a digital California gold rush besides the technological and financial revolution I was witnessing. I became huge on Bitcoin, almost all my twitter and facebook posts were about cryptocurrency and I kept telling everyone how this was the future. In those summer months I would get out what I could of my paycheck and put it into bitcoin. As the boom continued I continued to HODL and make more money. Then it hit me. "people who dedicate their life to trading stocks or forex it isnt luck its a strategy, and any strategy can be learned and applied. As I hodled I called my family back in Mexico and told them all about it and my mom sent me 1k to invest it for her. The more I grew in knowledge the more comfortable I felt trading. Over time due to my posts on social media more and more people kept messaging me asking me about bitcoin and how they could invest. This made me decide to start a hedge fund and run it month by month. This was it. My exit from being a tax slave to the dollar fictional system. I quit my job, dropped out of school sold my car and moved back to Mexico with my fam so I could focus full time to trading with maximum efficiency. Fast forward to November 2017. I have 12.5 k invested and my sister turns 15, Her Dad sends her 6k as a birthday present and my mom gives me 4k to invest it for her. Total 16.5 k for the month. One night, I see BCH is pumping like hell. Sticking to trader discipline I tell myself theres no way IM buying on such a high, It goes from 300 to 400 to 500 to 600 to 1lk bam bam bam. This at the same time BTC is going down. I scamble to social media and see everyone talking about "The Cashening". I told myself I wouldent switch unless it went over 2.5k. Within 15 minutes I saw my fund drop 50% in price and i dumped. Now sitting with 50% of what I had I knew I had to make a powerplay to end the month positive. I scoured altcoins for that answer and found XLM. I even posted an analyses on my tradingview. telling everyone to buy at 491 and predicted a 57-120% increase . 4 hours before The pump I set a stop loss on XLM and go to sleep just in case. I wake up to find myself stop lossed with no XLM and it being around 1k sats. again , devastation. I wasent about to end the month negative and dissapoint all my Friends and family. I learned how to margin trade. I made an account on Bitmex and transfered my remaining funds in there. Fast forward to today. I see BTC forming a pennant after breaking resistance and decide to all in 25x leverage. Gone, everything is gone. I apologize for the rushed ending but im still in shock. Im sorry for the clickbait title but I want this story to serve as an example to anyone who wants to become a "trader"  in crypto. My advice is never go all in and just hodl; dont trade. or you could end up like me. A fool who let greed blind him. I dont want anyone else to experience the stress and anguish I felt and still feel. This all happened not more than 2 hours ago. Please be careful.
@_date: 2017-12-04 04:21:35
@_date: 2017-12-04 04:25:40
I want to share my story over how I became a Master crypto trader I first heard about Bitcoin a couple years ago from a twitter account called Trutherbot. This twitter account played a big role in waking me to the truths of the federal reserve and the worldwide central banking scam. Nevertheless everytime he would post something about bitcoin I was to lazy to actually watch a 10 minute video on what it was. Fast forward to summer 2017 Im working and going to school at the same time hating both at the same time. While I learned some valuable lessons and hd great teachers in college I saw Most universities as outdated institutions more focused on making money and having a succesful football team that actually keeping up to date with the age of information where most careers will have to be relearned by the time you get that paper. To top it all off I would have to go into debt to pay a 4 year university tuition.  My job on the other hand was HUGE on "SELL THIS SELL THAT SELL EVERYTHING" It always made me feel like a total cuck seeing poor ladies with their fast food uniform on count out cash to try and pay their bills and it be my job to try to sell them on something I knew they couldn't afford. Point being I felt like a total shill working there and I wanted out. By habit I fall sleep watching a documentary about anything I find on youtube.  I watched a youtuber who  mentioned Bitcoin which was what eventually made me say " What the hell is this bitcoin thing" and decided to do some research. It was love at first sight. I saw Bitcoin as a sword forged from liberty itself to cut off the tentacles of historical bank oppression and create a financial revolution  I was so ecstatic; I felt like I had discovered a digital California gold rush besides the technological and financial revolution I was witnessing. I became huge on Bitcoin, almost all my twitter and facebook posts were about cryptocurrency and I kept telling everyone how this was the future. In those summer months I would get out what I could of my paycheck and put it into bitcoin. As the boom continued I continued to HODL and make more money. Then it hit me. "people who dedicate their life to trading stocks or forex it isnt luck its a strategy, and any strategy can be learned and applied. As I hodled I called my family back in Mexico and told them all about it and my mom sent me 1k to invest it for her. The more I grew in knowledge the more comfortable I felt trading. Over time due to my posts on social media more and more people kept messaging me asking me about bitcoin and how they could invest. This made me decide to start a hedge fund and run it month by month. This was it. My exit from being a tax slave to the dollar fictional system. I quit my job, dropped out of school sold my car and moved back to Mexico with my fam so I could focus full time to trading with maximum efficiency. Fast forward to November 2017. I have 12.5 k invested and my sister turns 15, Her Dad sends her 6k as a birthday present and my mom gives me 4k to invest it for her. Total 16.5 k for the month. One night, I see BCH is pumping like hell. Sticking to trader discipline I tell myself theres no way IM buying on such a high, It goes from 300 to 400 to 500 to 600 to 1lk bam bam bam. This at the same time BTC is going down. I scamble to social media and see everyone talking about "The Cashening". I told myself I wouldent switch unless it went over 2.5k. Within 15 minutes I saw my fund drop 50% in price and i dumped. Now sitting with 50% of what I had I knew I had to make a powerplay to end the month positive. I scoured altcoins for that answer and found XLM. I even posted an analyses on my tradingview. telling everyone to buy at 491 and predicted a 57-120% increase . 4 hours before The pump I set a stop loss on XLM and go to sleep just in case. I wake up to find myself stop lossed with no XLM and it being around 1k sats. again , devastation. I wasent about to end the month negative and dissapoint all my Friends and family. I learned how to margin trade. I made an account on Bitmex and transfered my remaining funds in there. Fast forward to today. I see BTC forming a pennant after breaking resistance and decide to all in 25x leverage. Gone, everything is gone. I apologize for the rushed ending but im still in shock. Im sorry for the clickbait title but I want this story to serve as an example to anyone who wants to become a "trader"  in crypto. My advice is never go all in and just hodl; dont trade. or you could end up like me. A fool who let greed blind him. I dont want anyone else to experience the stress and anguish I felt and still feel. This all happened not more than 2 hours ago. Please be careful.
@_date: 2017-12-04 04:21:14
its not