@_author: crashbandicook
@_date: 2014-01-13 16:43:46
They already are moving against Bitcoin, because they already know fully well what Bitcoin is capable of. Pretty much the only hope we have at this point in the West is to convince the politicians Bitcoin flies against Chinese interests. The Chinese appear even more freaked out about Bitcoin than the Americans, which is really a tragedy considering so many more people would be helped by Bitcoin in China than by Bitcoin in the West. But really though, the West deserves to lose Bitcoin. Stop trying to act like we need legitimacy. Bitcoin is fundamentaly a competing currency which, if it goes mainstream, will significantly curb the abilities of the Fed to manipulate the monetary supply. Because by definition, the Bitcoin monetary supply is out of their control, so if enough people flock to it, reality comes crashing down at least it does for everyone who doesn't get into Bitcoin early. The Western governments are fully dependent upon debt-based financing in ever-increasing amounts to perpetuate their global military presence and domestic welfare and political campaigns.
All signs point to there being a downfall of the dollar. For instance, Jeff Berkowitz, who many of you might know is that guy who pitched the Bitcoin ATM on CNN, says the dollar collapse will come within 5-10 years, maximum. It could come well before that in fact- now is the perfect time for shit to hit the fan, because with Bernanke stepping down and Yellen transitioning in, the media has the opportunity to lay the blame on someone gone from the public eye (Bernanke) while claiming their new patsy (Yellen) has "the solution".
This is why you see CNN running a hit piece on the overstock.com news. They've no intention of helping us. Because they know, if people decide to value arbitrary Internet currencies, they're well and truly fucked. Seriously, you should be using Tor browser because Bitcoin combines hacker culture with libertarianism, which no doubt the NSA views as the two biggest domestic aka political threats.
In all likelihood, the NSA fusion centers are profiling all r/Bitcoin subscribers as a potential domestic threat and putting us all into one of their flagged question mark we're-not-really-sure-yet buckets, in the best case. It's fucked, but there's a chance in a couple years if you're on such a list and Bitcoin is deemed a major political threat, perhaps while the dollar collapses, you're looking at potential uneven enforcement of laws, IRS threats, extra patdowns at checkpoints and so on. That's why I'm writing this anonymously from Tor Browser.
Give me a time machine, and I would've acquired all my Bitcoin with cash, and never linked my bank account to any sort of Bitcoin exchange. I would've used Tor to obscure my Web browsing history from the beginning, and I would've told no one I own even a single Bitcoin because if Bitcoin gets big, which I believe it can do, and SHTF in the West, Bitcoin could be the only reliable way to smuggle food and supplies into cities. It will be one of the only private and useful currencies capable of holding its value while the people around you are forced to bail in banks and their executives, sacrificing their life savings (if they have any) in return for equity in new banks or perhaps some guaranteed number of "Centralized International Reserve Notes" or whatever the global currency is supposed to be. Again this is why the kleptocrats are afraid of Bitcoin, because for a moment in time, their inevitable financial collapse and subsequent shitty centralized hierarchical "solution" will have to compete head-to-head against cryptocurrencies which are obviously better and more empowering for far more people, indisputably so. In such a scenario, they lose the ability to govern money, and because so much of their vernacular depends on uncontested ownership over money, they will then lose the ability to govern. Because at that tipping point, at the point when all Westerners see that cryptocurrency is the free market winner, Bitcoin will replace all other currencies in international trade, which makes the kleptocrats' ability to print money increasingly irrelevant as less and less people are willing to exchange weapons and political favors for printable money. Suddenly the tablets are turned, as we're the ones with all the money. We're the ones able to pay the bribes, pay off the cops and military, churches and news channels.
Bitcoin is a statement against the clusterfuck hegemony.
Bitcoin was, according to what we know about Satoshi, conceived to free us from the hegemony if only temporarily. I'm pretty sure Satoshi said the point was to live outside the system for a few years, tops.
So that's what Bitcoin is good at, it's good at helping you live outside the system, but the logical conclusion of that is it creates a new system in which the most powerful are the earliest adopters, who tend to be in it for politically motivated reasons, i.e. reasons that typically include some aspect of anti-hegemony. That makes all of you fucking fools who parade it around as lower fees useful idiots. Or maybe you're not a useful idiot, no - you're adept in the sense that you're buying us time. Go go gadget political heroes, I don't know. Still others of you are like the royal squire trying to please mastah, embarrassed that you're even into something that could be construed as politically distasteful. Check where your loyalties lie. Soon holding dollars will be seen as a political statement. You either stand for hegemony or you stand for the rights of the people.
Now is the time to learn how to protect your privacy online, and forget about buying Bitcoin with anything but cash. In the future as I envision it, you're looking at 1 BTC = $1,000,000+, so you don't even need a substantial amount of cash. It takes less than $10k cash to protect your financial future. Fuck low fees,.