@_author: crashnflip23
@_date: 2019-06-09 01:43:34
I agree with your whole point but just out of curiosity, if Bitcoin was hypothetically banned as a payment, but one was still inclined to pay with crypto anyways, why wouldn't Monero or another privacy coin then be the king of payments? Bitcoin is just so freaking easy to monitor, track, and surveil. Linking individuals to certain addresses is not hard at all these days, especially with more companies providing that service. 
If crypto was banned then really ANY blockchain movements taking place with the specified country's IP addresses would be simple to track down. Seems like in a totalitarian/oppressive world we are discussing, a shift into hyper private coins, coin shuffling, or things like NIX Platform ghost vaults would be ideal.
 Just hard to see Bitcoin still the king for payments if it's actually banned. It will always be king of the market for speculation and hoarding though. :)
@_date: 2019-05-03 07:11:45
I'm in my 20's but I have keys written down and placed in a series of ziplock bags in a folder. In that folder I have instructions on what to do exactly with it, how to send it, what site/app, and what targets to preferably sell at for the future. Not ideal but it does do the job. My mom is aware and has the code to my safe in case something happens to me. I suspect this will become more and more common and lawyers will probably have this be a mainstream option when conducting a will. I wouldn't be surprised to see a cryptocurrency section in wills. Though smart contracts could make this much cooler and streamlined. Like if a death certificate is broadcasted, an Oracle could pull that data and begin a smart contract to send funds from escrow or holding into someone else's crypto account or have the option to spot sell and send to a bank account. 
Very cool times we're approaching!
@_date: 2019-05-03 07:02:15
LOVE seeing this kind of stuff! People like this who are steps ahead of the game, I try to keep in contact and support them. If I see an Uber driver with a similar sticker I'd get his number and have him be my primary ride choice before any other. Another way to start though is to just KEEP. ASKING. Ask businesses if they accept Bitcoin, hotels, flights, ticket agencies, restaurants, etc. I'm used to the answer of "No" but if enough people show interest in paying this way then eventually it will catch on. Especially smaller stores and independent businesses. I have a Kratom store I frequent and I always ask the owner Michelle when she'll get her wallet up and running. Just last week she said she's had a few people ask and she's looking into finally! Win!
Sorry for the rant after your one word comment lol. Exciting times!
@_date: 2019-05-03 07:17:14
You're a hell of a parent, my friend. That's an awesome attitude and you're giving them the most amazing gift they could ask for. In order to even spend it they'll need to learn all about it, so you're giving them both money, opportunity, and knowledge. Truly priceless gift. Props man!
@_date: 2019-05-03 06:57:54
Fair enough, it's why I quit supporting the Electroneum app. I don't like that Big Brother crap but to each their own. I'm just glad there are coins, exchanges, and projects that don't require KYC. I understand where they're coming from as there are some serious whales and cartels using crypto to launder and hide their funds, but then again, Libertarians do support free markets and privacy. You have to be willing to accept the good and the bad that comes from that. To me, freedom and anonymity is worth it. I don't believe in internet websites having access to my ID either! The future of DEX's is very interesting. The NIX Platform is an interesting concept as well, though it's a bit much for ordinary folks. The tech coming out is definitely getting very cool though! 
Sorry if I'm ranting lol, but hey man hope you have a great Friday and weekend coming up. Hoping for a dip myself to snag some more BTC before I go hiking!
@_date: 2019-05-03 06:46:06
Yeah you're right, just to check I did a spoof order of $2500 on both Cash App and Uphold, and to be fair the difference was only a few dollars, after Uphold takes their fee. It seems the fees are built into the price within CashApp which is honestly really nice, considering the Cash App is geared more towards folks without bank accounts, normies, nocoiners, and general public who may not know much about crypto. They really are doing a great job at making it simple, fair, and understandable. The Cash App sort of normalizes people to understanding they control their own funds, can send money Peer to Peer with an address tag, and can access it every day, unlike banks or institutions. Jumping into Bitcoin at that point makes perfect sense. They're already doing it.
Only question I have now is if there's an option to use the Bitcoin in your Cash App wallet to pay when you swipe your Cash Card at a store. If not, I feel that will become the next leg up for Jack Dorsey, and help lead adoption further. That's where the magical internet money can finally be spent locally when you're mooning, still spending the coin, but getting more spending power when appropriate. 
tl'dr 
Cash App is a pretty cool guy and doesn't afraid of anything