@_author: crastle
@_date: 2018-03-12 16:44:11
Honestly? Yes. The fact that John Oliver can run this type of piece and see two subs mentioned on it be totally (or mostly) fine with it says a lot about you guys. If anything, your reactions are adding legitimacy to bitcoin and cryptocurrency. I say this as someone who doesn't know much about the two topics but does have some idea of economics and investing (not much, but I'd like to think I know more than the average person).
When a product or idea comes out that people are trying to sell you and those people get up in arms when you point out issues with it, the idea or product seems much less likely to work out. The fact that you all are so level headed makes me think that bitcoin might be a good investment (or gamble) if you know what you're doing.
Look at some other John Oliver pieces, particularly Alex Jones and the coal industry. Disclaimer: I am NOT trying to compare you guys to those people. If anything, I'm trying to contrast you from them.
Alex Jones and his fans were livid at John Oliver's piece on him. The alt-right subs were pissed and tried to do everything to discredit him. Instead of coming up with rational arguments they just got angry
That CEO from the coal industry was so pissed that he sued John Oliver for defamation. He didn't try to say that Oliver was wrong or not looking at it the right way; he just sued him for defamation, similar to when Trump sued Bill Maher for saying that Trump can't prove that he's not an orangutan.
When people get angry and try to discredit everything someone says with petty arguments and memes, they lose credibility. You guys aren't doing that at all. All your "nitpicking" is extremely well articulated and being based off facts and/or data.
So to answer your original question, we ARE pleasantly surprised to see how you're reacting. Most people venturing over here don't know much about Bitcoin or cryptocurrency, and it's nice to see that the community are a lot of intelligent, rational people. Anyway, you all seem cool and I'm rooting for you!