@_author: crashtheslaveeconomy
@_date: 2015-12-18 20:22:28
Collapse the slave economy!
Sell all your dollars$$$ for real assets
Sell your state-seizable assets for non-seizable wealth
That is the only way to peacefully resist. Starve the slave economy. Invert the triangle. The US government and its subsidiaries are a criminal enterprise and nothing more.
* 600,000 die of heart disease
* 300,000 die of obesity related complications
* 200,000 die of unnecessary medical treatment
* 50,000 people die per year from car accidents
* 10,000 Gun related deaths
* 375 people died in 2015 from "Mass shootings" and
* 75 people were killed on American soil by acts of terrorism in the past 10 years.
Isn't it interesting that we have reorganized our entire society, spend trillions of dollars, over a threat that is statistically negligible, compared to threats that account for the majority of unnecessary deaths?
Don't you think that if governments were interested in our health and safety that they would get a much better "bang for their buck" by spending the same resources on war as they do on heart disease prevention? We still give out massive subsidies to produce cornsugar which is the main factor in the obesity epidemic. We actually spend money to make us less healthy.
These are the actions of a government lacking in rational decision making, or maybe, just maybe, they are acting rationally, but their goals are not "our" goals.
Seriously think about it. If you ran a company and your costs were:
$600 overhead
$300 materials
$200 labor
$50 shipping
$10 advertising
$0.38 transaction costs
$0.08 packing peanuts
Would you spend 30% of your budget trying to reduce the cost of packing peanuts? Add on to this that all your data demonstrates that the more money you spend on reducing the cost of packaging, the more you'll have to spend on packaging (blowback). This is obvious insanity, except it is not insane. They are deliberately building a turn-key totalitarian state with complete knowledge on everything and everyone. This has been the goal of kings and dictators since time immemorial. This is the first time in history we have the technological power to make it a reality. Of course people are trying to take over the world. It's a cliche trope because its a primal instinct in the alpha male brain.
Collapse the Slave Economy!