@_author: crcondes
@_date: 2014-12-13 04:56:46
So, if I'm getting this right, you're saying the actual program that *is* the worm (sorry if I'm using the wrong terminology) would be embedded in the blockchain, meaning any computer running a Bitcoin wallet client that downloads the entire blockchain would be infected? 
@_date: 2014-12-13 06:15:14
Hmm. So I guess even with blockchain communicating abilities, viruses will rely on user stupidity/computer vulnerability to ultimately infect computers. 
Install a good antivirus program, don't click risky links or suspicious emails (EDIT and have the good luck not to be exploited by a zero-day), and you're (relatively) good. But for those who get infected, good luck interrupting the virus-maker's control...
@_date: 2014-12-13 05:25:49
I think is saying the commands could be stored in the blockchain, and the payload could also be stored in the blockchain, and once enough it is downloaded onto a user's computer, the stored commands reference the payload. 
you are saying that something *stored* in the blockchain couldn't execute code, right? The targeted computer would have to have a separate virus payload, downloaded from another source, that only implements the *communication* code stored in the blockchain.
This wouldn't really increase the infection capabilities of viruses, right? It would just increase the communication abilities of a virus transmitted in already-existing ways.
@_date: 2014-12-13 06:27:14
Your computer is the US. The virus (payload) is a terrorist sleeper cell, and the virus creator is a terrorist organization leader. The blockchain communication protocol is the coded messages you exchange in the classifieds section of a newspaper: it's in the open, can't really be censored, and no one knows it's there unless they're looking for it.
@_date: 2014-12-13 04:52:32
Seems like it'll make avoiding viruses proactively MUCH more important than eradicating them retroactively, since someone is bound to implement this idea at some point. 
It's a scary thought, and I'm not even as tech-savvy as @_date: 2014-12-13 07:29:14
Thanks, and I'm glad I didn't come across as too much of an asshole. I realized my reply was a bit snarky, but then Bitcoin is significantly different from traditional downloadable, updatable computer programs...
@_date: 2014-12-13 07:00:00
Newbie here:
Any server that stores the entire blockchain (so your computer if you run Bitcoin Core, or the centralized blockchain servers if you use Electrum or something similar) is literally downloading a record of every transaction.
So to create a fix like you propose, the Bitcoin Open Source development community would have to create an update that can go into stored files and edit them, retroactively altering the block hashes, and thus the ENTIRETY of the blockchain created after the point where the virus communication commands were introduced.
Pretty sure that's how it works.