@_author: creditmoney
@_date: 2015-08-08 23:29:24
You want sterile computer digits to swell in value while you sit around doing nothing. Bitcoin is zero sum, to "push" the price back up, someone needs to be willing to pay the $400.
@_date: 2015-08-11 13:35:04
Those companies won't be around 2-3 years from now as many have no sustainable profits.
@_date: 2015-08-07 23:23:00
Tons of coins existed without any precious metals in them and they had circulating value via the guarantee of the sovereign. Credit money had existed *before* the first coins were ever struck. 
A bitcoin based economy would leave a perpetual shortage of credit for 2 reasons. One new credit would never get extended as nobody can be trusted and two, hoarders would want their coins to swell in value from the labor of others, so the first thing they would do is begin lending them out at interest leading to a general fall in wages for everyone else as the shortage of money would be exacerbated.
 
This occurred numerous times under the gold standard, where farmers lost everything due to falling prices for their produce while the debt kept growing.
Any economy with a high human labor productivity would freeze up with artificially scarce units as money and a lack of trust in extending credit. This is why *voluntary* mass adoption of bitcoin is highly improbable. 
An economy where no one trusts no one means productivity plunges as coordination cannot occur. A low productivity economy leads to general poverty for the overwhelming amount of it's participants, and any surplus value produced is enjoyed by the oligarchs who own all of the barter chips(bitcoins in this case).
If you do a socioeconomic study of the "bitcoin community" it more or less represents a third world country. People are paranoid due perceived lack of safety, no one can be trusted so scams are prevalent, vice is the bread and butter of the trade occurring, a tiny fraction owns all the "wealth".
@_date: 2015-08-11 18:43:01
The bootstraping problem is a myth. Plenty stores accept bitcoin through intermediaries yet people still don't give a shit about obtaining bitcoin.
Bitcoin has a piss poor marginal utility hence the low demand for them.
@_date: 2015-08-07 22:24:37
Money has *always* had a link to an issuing state. Go far back as Mesopotamia and you find coinage with state stampings on them. Coins have always born the markings of a sovereign on them. 
Folks, no evidence exists of money originating out of primitive barter. Tribes operated gift economies not ones based on the self interest of a particular individual. The delusion of money being the common good to arise out of barter is namely a libertarian fantasy. 
The less trust you have in an economy the more primitive the trade. A no trust economy is effectively stuck in barter.
Complex coordination to scale productivity cannot occur in such an economy.
Bitcoin is barely a level above primitive barter. A bitcoin based economy would strangle any sophisticated forms of coordination and result in mass poverty for the overwhelming participants while a few oligarchs sit at the top. 
Without trust it is impossible to grow an economy as nothing gets done beyond primitive trade. As a case and point I offer you the current state of this ecosystem, where people are in a constant state of fear if their capital is stolen or not.
@_date: 2015-08-08 14:15:29
Bagholders out of fiat as miners continue selling to cover expenses.
@_date: 2015-08-10 21:55:06
You can type all you want, XT is an altcoin, no different then when Charles Lee forked the protocol to make litecoin.
@_date: 2015-08-11 11:39:54
Thanks for filling the blockchain with useless transactions.
@_date: 2015-08-07 22:34:38
Except we don't have fiat money, we have credit money. The vast majority of what we use as money is not created by government decree but by private shareholder owned banks, when a creditor *credits* the banking system with a present good.
Think about it logically. You worked and built something and went and "sold it", you received dollars in return. Those dollars represent *claims* on goods/services in the future. You credited the banking system with your present good. The dollar only retains value if the credit makes contact with human labor and produces new surplus value(that you can buy). 
Of course it is based on trust, trust requires prudence. So this system can only perform sophisticated coordination as long as morality is involved. The less moral the participants the more unstable the economy. If credit doesn't match with human value it gets spent and the currency loses value.
Bitcoin is a reversion to a more primitive form of trade because less trust is required, and in return *less* complex coordination can get done. Why do you think nothing has been built in this ecosystem over the last 7 years outside of paranoid exchanges? You cannot build if nobody can be trusted period. 
The bitcoin ecosystem is a prime example of a group of people trying to get something done while being unable to trust anyone. It's like constantly running into a wall. Outside the moral order there can be NO progress.
@_date: 2015-08-07 23:32:58
Sure bitcoin may allow smart contracts from a technical angle. But smart contracts require "trust", which bitcoiners say isn't needed anymore because a computer program makes morality obsolete. 
If you can't have trust you can't have an economy above primitive barter, which is exactly the type of economy bitcoin fosters. This isn't my opinion, just look at the state of the community. The only booming trade involves vices and crime.
Early adopters invested immediately into anything and everything that helps swell the value of their coins by making them easier to buy. Tell me what value has been created over all these years? All I see is exchanges.
Outside the moral order there can be no progress, so the egalitarian utopia you promise will end up being a hell in reality. 
@_date: 2015-08-07 23:08:03
TigerDirect is admitting to receiving fiat money in this article. Bitpay does the exchanging for them.
@_date: 2015-08-10 18:43:35
You've got it backwards. People on here want others to subsidy the use of the blockchain for them to make expensive and inefficient P2P transfers.
The fact is, nobody is using bitcoin outside of a niche group, mass adoption will never happen no matter how much Gavin and Hearn want it to.
Bitcoin costs a shitload to run and it is currently being paid for by debasing existing coins. XT users want to use the blockchain resource while other people pickup the bill to run it. XT is an alt coin it is not bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-12 15:27:10
No surprise here as bitcoin is built on Jewish libertarian monetary theory. Rothbard, Von mises, Friedman, Ayn Rand.
@_date: 2015-08-10 21:45:04
Miners sell newly created bitcoins to pay for bills. What is nonsense about that?