@_author: creedability
@_date: 2019-10-11 07:05:09
Just watched them recently and rewatched it several times.
1) Regarding the conflict of intereset:
He said that he has been an investor before he became a precious metal dealer. That and the fact that there is WAY MORE 'information' going against his analysis out there should be enough to make up your own mind about whether he just provides some manipulative insentives to buy his products or brings up valid points to invest in precious metals. Btw he never asked you to buy at HIS store. Every episode even begins with "educate yourself about money" not with "buy my stuff cause I'm your only hope in this grim future". 
So I don't see much of a manipulation in what he brings foreward, but only find support through various sources (like data provided by the IMF or EU) he did not even point to and should at least in theory be able to counter his conclusions. Yet, they don't.
2) It should have happend by now
No, there are a couple of reasons that I would disagree with that statement. I'm european, german at that and we have a bunch of smart economists around here who point out the same threats as he did back in the time he gave us this gift of a series. 
These economists analyzed for in depth the european economies and what could bring this everything bubble to a burst from within Europe. And the conclusion is:
The US and rest of the fiat money based world is still much more stable than the Euro countries. 
One of them in particular - Markus Krall who was in charge of developing the risk assessment tools for loan before 2008 for nearly all german banks (of which there are about 1'800) - estimates that the burst will start in about 10 to (depending on how long people will not panic) 48 months. 10 is for instant reactions to the fact that by the end of 2020 most german banks will no longer make profits but net losses. That and the not so subtle commitment of Italy to leave the Euro will probably collapse the system. At least in Mr. Kralls estimation and that's what I also prepare for.