@_author: creepy_duck
@_date: 2018-09-17 11:25:40
Yeah CFDs can still be sold as forex, because it basically falls under a gamble or something like that. We shouldn't encourage this kind of trading on Bitcoin because it's just falsely inflating/deflating its price based on speculators and has no physical tie to the coin itself. 
Companies can disguise frontrunning as slippage, can't they? Not to extreme amounts but I'm sure they can get away with a few pips here and there as they execute orders.
I'm not surprised Robinhood is selling your data, how else could they have such cheap fees? I don't trust these guys one bit.
@_date: 2018-09-22 18:20:59
All the way to when it was a buck a coin. Why not zoom back a bit and look at it that way, it will make more sense. Clearly bitcoin is more volatile in the past year or so, but that's in part because of all of the "get rich quick" investors who dogpiled on this trade thinking they could speculate a million bucks out of it. And some very well did, but that's not the point. The point is, the ones who are complaining now are not in it for the true value of decentralized exchange, they're in it because they either missed the last bull run, or bought it at the peak and have been sitting on a 70% paper loss since then.
@_date: 2018-09-07 16:51:16
Correct me if I'm wrong, but this is just like commodities or VIX futures where you have a contract that expires within a few months but you never buy the actual product. So if I buy a Brent Crude Oct '18 contract, at the end of next month it closes and I get my balance in USD. I never owned any crude, I just made a bet on it.
Not much different from CFD's from what I see, just longer term. Just another banker's trick to get money out of something without ever having to own the product. 
Funny how we saw such a large downward reaction on the report but no upward movement on the clarification that the report was wrong...
@_date: 2018-09-14 12:29:02
Tails already beat them to it. It comes default with Electrum installed on it.
Not that many people use it, mostly nerds, hackers, and those who are concerned about security. 
This can happen for sure if the lightening network gets rolled out properly. Bitcoin is still too expensive for regular transactions. Exchanges especially, one tried to charge me 3.5% today to take out just over $150. That's like credit card fees!
@_date: 2018-09-01 10:56:28
Good, this stuff is irritating as hell. A decade ago you never would have thought that malware would be hacking your CPU to mine blockchain for a cryptocurrency! Nowadays, I'm sure most people aren't even aware of it. They probably don't have any idea what the mining process is.
I saw on a torrent website (I think it was the pirate bay) a disclaimer at the bottom saying that by using their website you're agreeing to have your CPU used to mine some coin or another. So technically it's legal??
I use NoCoin addon and it helps. 
@_date: 2018-09-12 10:47:26
When in doubt, flush them out! 
As long as the corporations survive, we'll still be standing, right? But the problem is, they pay much less in taxes. So who's gonna keep the lights on at the White House?
It's like a personal game of spite that each president plays, trying to see how much short term gain they can stimulate at the cost of fucking up the economy for the next one to come. 
Oh that Obama guy, look at the debt he raised! Makes my job all the more difficult now, you see!
@_date: 2018-09-09 08:52:57
That's what gets me about this. Why so much fuss if you can just buy the damned thing? It's not that hard to buy Bitcoin these days, all you need is a secure wallet. I think part of it is having the responsibility of having to secure those funds. We know that exchanges are not to be trusted, but I don't think many people actually know or want to go through the process of setting up a secure cold wallet. This is whey they prefer the ease of access paper gives them...
@_date: 2018-09-06 13:58:54
Yeah it's strange how quick people are to blame it on manipulation all the time. Markets move up and down, sometimes fast, sometimes slow. Bitcoin moves somewhat abnormally because it will stagnate for long periods of time and then move in excess of 10% in one go. 
That 7400 level was going to be a hard break. It was hesitating up there for a while so there's no fear for it coming back down. In fact, if you wanted to buy, now's the time. Because next time it could very well break through.
@_date: 2018-09-08 13:07:12
This type of "ownership" is what makes the financial world go round these days. People are just buying papers that symbolize ownership, but they still technically have a reflection of the current price because of that. Think about how many times more money is on gold than physically exists. The number is exponential. 
This could be potentially threatening for Bitcoin because it technically stretches it's supply and then doesn't provide an accurate price representation. However, ETF's, unlike futures contracts, require the fund to physically hold the asset.