@_author: cristobaldelicia
@_date: 2018-07-11 05:19:37
I've been waiting for an altcoin to break out since Litecoin came out in 2011. There have been little bumps not long after initial offerings. Ethreum looks fairly healthy. But none have broke away. Countless times people have pointed out faults in Bitcoin to me (like mysterious "Satoshi" starting it, or Mt Gox getting sloppy, etc.) and I've said, "but blah blah blah coin addresses this problem." No one seems to care. Every altcoin, once established, their value follows Bitcoin slavishly. The general public seems to think altcoins=Bitcoin, and the people that care about software improvements, decentralization, and foolproof anonymity, etc., seem to have little effect on the relative value of altcoins.  It makes me want to tear my hair out!
@_date: 2018-07-11 05:47:04
If only I had ANY money! The only investment I have left is the couple of Bitcoins I kept for laughs, to keep a token amount in the game! Might cover the cost of my funeral, otherwise I'm just filling a black hole of debt now. I'm not alone. It's the death of the American middle class.
@_date: 2018-07-11 05:23:13
but why should this be? I'm sure there's market psychology I just don't understand; but it's just illogical and crazy! The best and most efficient altcoin should win. Not just Bitcoin because it was the first.
@_date: 2018-07-11 05:39:27
There could be a concerted effort by governments around the world to block Bitcoin, make it illegal to trade. What will save it from totally collapsing is it's value for illegal and/or offshore gambling, and drug dealing. Its amazing to me how Neal Stephenson laid this out in the novel "Cryptonomicon." Even if nobody else uses it, it still has a lot of value for criminals, so it won't bottom out. The same way the underworld has been run on "anonymous" US Dollars since at least the moment the gold standard was abandoned; probably before then. Capitalism works so well because it is based on a certain cynicism about human nature. Same thing with cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2017-07-31 21:24:04
From the front webpage "Copay is a true bitcoin wallet, not an account service." You control the private keys, you can get BCH. I'm going to sound like a jerk, but really, you should know that you control your keys if you're using Copay already. 