@_author: crispyato
@_date: 2016-04-28 22:47:58
You left out what the TOS was, your suspect.   
They are located in the United States so you can file a complaint with the BBB here:  
However, they can refuse service to anyone and are allowing you to transfer your money so you are not locked out.  You are getting kicked out.  Get your money out now buddy.
You should use a hardware wallet if you expect to have full control.  I get locked out and flagged in my Circle sometimes because my transactions look like money laundering or gambling.  I have to explain periodically they are mining payments and rentals sends.  If you wish to use a fiat wallet I recommend CEX.io.  Only because they are in the UK and will have to think twice before locking someones money in their own legal system. There support is very quick to respond.  They have no fiat option for Alabama, but I've never been locked out there or had any wallet issue.  Fiat with your own country whenever possible.   
@_date: 2016-06-26 02:34:59
Circle is my pick, debit card for instant.  Remember set up your wallet in BTC to trade on BTC price.  
@_date: 2016-06-16 07:14:16
Sorry I learned it on r/btc...
This is the only one I can find that specific just title browsing,  the post seems the op is pissed because he followed some FUD advice from r/btc.  r/btc is full of anti-btc campaigns and FUD.  I mean you can find some here also, but r/btc seems to have turned into a FUD factory IMO.  The thread should be moved to buttcoin.  Anyway, bitcointalk is the best btc info site, even there you will find misinformation.  I guess we all have to think for ourselves in the end.  Don't believe everything that you breath:P
@_date: 2016-06-20 05:17:41
Very Cool!  Thank you for posting this.
@_date: 2016-06-24 05:45:38
This is some good stuff, I really like it when a transaction stuck post yields some helpful info.  This is what Reddit bitcoin/btc needs in posts.  I dig it. I dig the feature add also.
@_date: 2016-06-09 17:05:27
Maybe to you.  If you poke around Reddit a bit more, you can find way creepier stuff.  Perhaps your mind took what I said further than face value.   
@_date: 2016-06-25 19:02:13
It will go up again:)  I do wonder if Craig Wright trying to patent everything involving bitcoin to charge royalties has something to do with it.  Even though it surely won't be approved.  Aside from him, news doesn't seem to affect the price.  The day his patent scam came out is the day it tanked.  Bitcoin likes to roam free, regardless of any opinion on that guy.  That is just a speculation based on the observation of the day the bottom dropped.  Many more factors at play and the market will recover naturally as always.  I'm curious what others think on said assumption. 
@_date: 2016-06-05 10:23:31
With Circle you choose
USD(or your fiat currency)or BTC.  Its really all BTC blockchain, but when you choose it sets the price for the currency.  Mine is set in BTC so I can buy and sell on BTC value.  My dad has it in USD so if I send him $5 in BTC, he just  sees $5.  His $5 will not change with BTC price. If he sends me $5 I see BTC and the price will fluctuate.   So if you are not set up in BTC value you should make another account and set it up in BTC format.  You can always use the local currency wallet to send your BTC if you feel a drop is coming.   You can just log in and out between the 2.  If you want to change your account already set up in your currency to BTC, maybe open a ticket.  IMO dual wallets can be useful, but you will need one in BTC to enjoy real bitcoindom.  The default bank like settings have apparently helped Circle get into some markets with more understanding behind a simple payment structure backed by blockchain.  Its all BTC in reality.  
Edit:  Link to switch...
@_date: 2016-06-16 07:48:17
Ah ha. Thread inception.  Maybe I am tarded.  " I guess we all have to think for ourselves in the end. "  I didn't even notice it was the same guy.  I don't really like r/btc, but this thread is a silly trick.  I don't care really.   Make the only post and complain about said posts. Debunked. Funny I went to back him.. I wonder if his first post is true.  At least I found the thread he was talking about sans the reason I did I helped maybe?  
@_date: 2016-06-09 08:56:33
Yes!  That would be my call.  Store in savings, instant move to debit when purchasing. No auto draft ever is my policy cops or no.  Who needs a fee when they are broke?  This is my set up anyway just because it makes sense.  I had to move to a credit union to actually disable draft so it declines.  Move what you need to checking to purchase BTC or use card.  No auto sign ins and 2FA for any BTC purchase amount.  A+ dude
@_date: 2016-06-15 03:05:03
You have no idea what I know, but it can't possibly be as much as a know it all asshole like you.  Should we all bow to you or are we to busy crying?  You spout off a bunch of crackpot theories with no explanations or proof.  Say things are proven because you declare them to be without explanation.  Nonsensical arrogant spouted off philosophies without explanation or proof. Your words are hollow  and ego is inflated.  Name dropping, arrogant.... bullshit.  No value or relevance in anything you say.   You are far far in the future?  Yeah ok, you can't even comprehend the present  or anything you write.  You make no  any sense whatsoever.  Go ahead make one complete original statement with proof without going off on psycho tangents  of assumed knowledge.  I dare you.  You prove nothing when you assume every statement you say is correct without explaining proof.  Why should I or anyone else believe your OPINIONS as truth?  Because you said so?  Because you declare them as truth or someone else did?   
@_date: 2016-06-15 04:57:14
Sorry I tend to spout off without filter.  When I said "Just wait until after the halving..."  I meant the comment to stand alone, but I will explain.  What I mean is the supply will be cut in half and there will be a new set of data from the bitcoin project.  The first halving since stable times with wider adoption.  We will soon see what happens in the new data set.   I don't care if people believe me or not, seems to me you do however.  I have my thoughts independent of the opinion of others.  Bitcoin is not all about trading, many of us use it to conduct global business not otherwise possible.  Myself and thousands of others have a separate wallet for business operations and trading.  Miners will sell to pay power bills and people will send because business continues.  We are not all holding and bitcoin will continue to be spent as sure as the world turns. I would love to hold coin, but I must continue use for business operations.  I am not trading on value, though I would like to. Would you quit using money to pay rent because the value goes up?   Maybe I am silly, but I think you are not interested in arguing with anyone who does not immediately agree with you.    
@_date: 2016-06-12 04:12:18
I disagree, kind of.  Depends on how you set them up. The default speed on both miners is very high, unless you have a dud, non factory fan, or low setting.  I have 20 s1s and a few sp20s.  Default setting is louder on the sp20 and the sp20 is 2 generations later producing far less heat. Over 1kw vs 350w with one s1 producing far more heat. Higher psu and miner cost for heat on sp20.  I'm running 2 sp20 in by bedroom in Alabama without cooling or exhaust and its hot here.  Stock setting is jetplane loud and they are pushing cool air. They don't effect heat to much unless the lines are overloaded or your not using a single rail which is bad. Fire bad. SP20 is definitely a better miner, but can not compete in any way to the heat produced by one s1.  If cheap heat is the goal you can snag an s1 and overclock it run it on a small gold psu and turn the fan up for a larger area down for a smaller room for less than a heater or cost to run an apartment heater.  Under-over clock and change fan to feel.  The s1 is  pretty much the go to heater for anyone looking for cost efficient heat. Remember heat efficiency is the opposite decision of mining any currency for profit.  Spending 50 or 100 to save hundreds is economical heating.  50 more you can go a generation later with an s3, still the s1 is well known for being a great heater by all who had the smoldering pleasure to mine on them.  Now if the question was reposed as mining investment with heat question that's a different decision entirely.  In that case I would just recommend basing the decision on solid mining conditions based on your investment since you may want to expand.  Unless your climate is year round extreme cold.  Older = cheaper and hotter for least power.  
The beeping is the loudest thing ever on s1s, winning the loudness catagory by far.  Kind of, it can be turned off..
Edit 2: I do like your idea of programming the speeds by time of day and I wish Spoondoolies was selling new miners. Loads of options. I'm sure you can pull the controller on any miner, replace with a pi and sound/temp sensors for auto adjustment.
@_date: 2016-06-15 05:37:00
Well that was just a fiat example.  I do not have the choice to pay my rent in bitcoin.  I must cash it out to my currency. Therefore 
I cannot hoard.  My software distributor is in the ukraine, I must send him coin since there is no way to other way to pay and still profit.  He may hold his profit, but will cash out the costs to pay them.   If I wish to pay my mining overhead I must cash my coin out to pay the power company, regardless of price.  You can only afford to hold if you can sustain the investment.  If you consider the percentage of wealthy in this world vs the rest of the world you must then consider that not everyone has the financial capacity to hold in addition it will be transferred for businesses to operate.  I don't see traders slowing down the daily buys and sells either.  Making thousands off millions from large trades on small percentage changes is not fading soon.
@_date: 2016-06-27 23:27:21
Do you mine?
@_date: 2016-06-26 21:31:35
Dealing with these kind of issues are just a part of mining and crypto.  There is a competition for reward.  No matter how you mine you will have competition and problems to face.  ASIC chips are inevitable when you reach a certain size with any algorithm sans any new future tech.  Its an arms race and the rich will always seek power in an arms race to get richer.  I was up all night watching my pool get orphans on blocks we should have won and I was still up this morning when we made plenty more that didn't.  No one change or answer will make things perfect.  Only it will shift the problem set.  
@_date: 2016-06-12 02:36:18
FUD.  Price is up, transactions are faster than ever and soon network speed will double. The network has been consistently improving. Blocksize BS started in the beginning and only seems to divide because of increased investment, participation and corporate competition. All signs of success or no would care.   I call FUD on this comment.  Maybe your keeping it real, but its definitely FUD fueled.  You don't sell your coins pre-halving in perfect conditions, you hold.  You will be kicking yourself and your conclusion would have been es-capable by a sensible market analysis.  Opinions and  articles are full of selfish motive.  Its not your fault though, you live on Planet FUD.  
Fact:  Bitcoin has successfully pushed forward despite paid for competitive attacks and REALLY dumb debates over what people ASSume will hault bitcoin, but never does.  Bitcoin doesn't need upvotes or faith anymore to keep going and no longer cares what the news says.    
Fact:  The supply will be cut in half with the possibility of price increase from supply and demand like all other halving events.  
Maybe you will be right by some fluke, but I'm scratching my head as to how anyone could come to this conclusion.  Hey its near halving and the price has been steadily rising for a year...  Bye bye bitcoin.  Saaay whaaat?
@_date: 2016-06-16 08:11:40
This game here?  You should probably transfer to hard wallet for sending to the game or you will get flagged.  Even if it is  debatable whether there is gambling and you can cash out.  Its probably on others wallets blacklist also.
@_date: 2016-06-16 06:07:18
You need a link to find r/btc?  Its 90 percent FUD and btc complaints.  
@_date: 2016-06-09 09:14:43
Right, they would have figured it out when big banks laughed and said its impossible to turn off.  I got you, man.  Credit union is THE way to go.  I wish I figured that out in college, I mathed it out the other day I spent $7,000 in fees from fuck it nights at the bar(I was there 9 years) They should have forced me to disable auto-draft, but instead said it can't be done.  Now they charge a fee just to give them money and rape you.  Big banks are greedy as hell.
@_date: 2016-06-18 18:14:23
Where did you buy the bitcoins ?  What wallets are you using?  You have to remember something.  I can't withdrawl money from the bank if I don't know which bank I use.  Do you mean you are using blockchain.info wallets?
@_date: 2016-06-07 00:44:48
1MvBECosEjmSAFt5iXzJVxmPmVUux2UPTo  :)
@_date: 2016-06-26 03:10:19
That was my point.  Every merchant requires that to sell or buy.  Are you being sarcastic for me or were you being sarcastic to begin with? I can't tell if your trying to be funny and your one drink past it or your being  serious and your one drink past it. 
@_date: 2016-06-22 18:11:40
@_date: 2016-06-24 05:39:30
@_date: 2016-06-12 04:41:46
Thanks for clearing that up for me, OP left that out.  I probably read it at one point, cussed and hit alt F4.  I got that FUD firewall.  
@_date: 2016-06-26 02:07:50
LOL  Um.  or...  They want to know who you are and where you live so they can deliver what you ordered to you.  Unless you have a drivers license that says "guy in tin foil hat" you need an ID to have a package picked up, delivered or get a PO box.  Ebay requires valid info also.   Plus bitcoin is very traceable.    Its like cash with a guaranteed traceable trail.  You would be marked the moment you started with your "40k of drug money" and should be prepared to explain it from then on.   I'm pretty sure merchants just want to sell you stuff and be able to send it to you.  "they" sell a lot of games to high gamers and if "they" were working with "they", "they" would be out of business.  
@_date: 2016-06-15 00:03:55
OMG!  Ahaha.  Rolling over laughing.
"The law was named after Sir Thomas Gresham, a sixteenth-century financial agent of the English Crown in the city of Antwerp, to explain to Queen Elizabeth I what was happening to the English shilling."
I'm not even exaggerating, I died laughing on this article.  This is satire or a joke correct? It has to be.  No mention of code,  shillings?   So instead of saying its like comparing apples and oranges.  We now say its like "comparing shillings to bitcoin"  Very funny stuff.  Maybe next time include some sort of actual relevance or information, so it seems kind of real.  Even though its a gag, you should probably put a little more research in before publishing.  None of it makes sense, but its not all funny.  Learn a little more, then make your jokes.  I couldn't figure out how I felt after the hilarious 16th century law  shillings joke, but a word used in the end summed it up for me.  "Intellectually Absurd"...  Yeah thats how it made me feel.   I think you are trying to say the block debate is silly , I agree.  A+  for the attempted satirical jab at the debate:)
@_date: 2016-06-15 07:03:52
Well it is not a normal currency.  In the early adoption phases usefulness was key to it ever gaining value in the first place.  While hoarding may add value, if it were hoarded to the point it were not available for use and trade others would move to a another crypto for operations.  It is not gold or silver.  It holds no physical value, but that of virtual use.  It is far fetched though, I guess its like I said before :
 "Bitcoin has the potential for infinite divisibility and is not subject to inflation thus far. As the supply lessens constantly the value of bitcoin will grow with us possibly trading in shatoshi rather than bitcoin. The supply will always be available to circulate you will just have the pay the price."  We would just be adding decimals and still using as the value goes up, its inevitable with production limits anyway.
Hoarding and supply decrease are in the same boat.  Let me ask you this.. If the ten percent of the world hoarded the majority of the coin, do you think they could resist the urge to drop the mass hoarded coin and buy it back at a lower price ?  
@_date: 2016-06-17 00:00:43
Nah.  Not too harsh at all. I'm not overly sensitive. You should have kept the comment up, it was spot on.  Had my upvote.  I appreciate the bluntness.  I could only laugh and say you were right.  If I'm wrong, I want know.  "Uh, hey dumb dumb you got a little a foot in your mouth"..."Thanks man, I could have been walking around with that all night!"  Your probably right about the bottom line.  My perspective is a little skewed.  I mine and watch blockchain.info to study blocks and transactions.  On the side there is a news scroll which is what brought me to Reddit.  I jump on to help people with stuff I've already had to deal with and argue FUD or obvious anti-btc bs.  For a minute there was an over flow of spouting anti-btc bs for their own personal agenda.  With the price rising they seem to be fading.  I'm glad you called me on it though, I jumped right into this little troll trap.  Also,  look at the OPs page.  He anti campaigning everything with troll FUD, its like he is paid to do it...
@_date: 2016-06-23 16:15:05
So I've always been very careful to always send with a correct fee or use a service that does so.  I'm curious.  How does one abandon or sweep the funds and try fresh again?
@_date: 2016-06-15 02:08:09
I'm sorry man I really thought it was satire, I didn't mean to be rude.  There is nothing you have written I don't understand, I just don't understand how you can apply these old assessments to such an innovative technology without talking more about how they relate to the structure of the technology.  I agree with some of your simple conclusions(not fully), but the comparisons and basis you arrived at these conclusions with are illogical. You can look for similarities in old money, financial laws, and us congressional reports on bitcoin(they do not have a very good understanding of bitcoin).  However, your not breaking any ground or making a logical comparison until you have tied these to the sha code and some observation of mining and the blockchain are included. IE your just looking for others research to support a theory instead of delving into the technology and establishing your own theory.  For example "“How are you expecting a currency to circulate while the price is ‘going to the moon’?”  Good question.  First of all bitcoin is not widely accepted as a currency, maybe one day.  This is assumed and you have compared bitcoin to physical currencies as     though it were a physical currency.  Developers, programmers and miners will understand more about bitcoin than anyone studying 16th century financial law. I disagreed with most of these old theories in college and not every educated person believes everything they breath.  A penny(the smallest usd amount) is the limit of small in USD.  When divided electronically it will be rounded up or down often in the banks favor.  Inflation caused by the printing of money keeps this from being an issue since money is constantly devalued(at least in the US) Bitcoin has the potential for infinite divisibility and is not subject to inflation thus far.  As the supply lessens constantly the value of bitcoin will grow with us possibly trading in shatoshi rather than bitcoin.  The supply will always be available to circulate you will just have the pay the price.  People are holding now because the supply will soon be cut in half.  The availability will always exist only the price will change.  This is truly bitcoin 101 stuff you are missing.  I think you need to review the whitepaper.  "accepted economic principals" do not always apply to bitcoin.  Bitcoin is disruptive and innovative.    All you did in this article was draw conclusions based on illogical comparisons.  No conclusion were proven in an way based on blockchain, mining, or virtual currency.  It is merely a short conclusion of other peoples old theories applied in inapplicable manor with something very new, different, and structured by code not kings and queens.  Bitcoin is designed to disrupt the economic principals of kings and queens.  You my friend, don't get it.  Maybe you do, but others will find it to be satire as well until you include some evidence in the form of relevant math and science.  You wrote an article about the virtual currency bitcoin, but you left out virtual currency entirely.  A debate cannot be a fallacy.  Thats pretty simple.  If it exists, then it is real.  I don't think the blocksize is an issue because I believe miners will constantly seek the ever shrinking rewards at faster speeds.  Even though I disagree with the urgent freak out for big blocks I have had some programming and basic technology structure tells us this may one day need to happen.  Because of that possibility even if  I disagree I can not claim "Big blocker fallacy"  I can not see the future and therefore can not say more data in blocks is not necessary. Both sides have stances or it would not be a debate.  Try to catch up    
@_date: 2016-06-15 08:22:54
You think you understand something and I don't.  You think gold and bitcoin are the same.  You can pose improbable hypothetical and I can't.  Sigh.  Never mind the point I wish to make would be lost on you  anyway.  I've had more economics classes than I ever wanted to take and vitalik is not necessarily the end all of knowledge for me. Its obvious you are boxed in old school economics thought, you will always be comparing apples to oranges.  
@_date: 2016-06-15 04:24:17
Words of someone who wishes to bamboozle others.  "Rational players" as you call them will dismiss you with their own assessment or not.  I would implore anyone and everyone to not blindly believe any theory without reason to do so.  Mine, yours, or anyone else.  "Circulation"  is a non issue.  People will sell at the right price and the price will change along with decimal placement.  You don't run out of bitcoin, it just changes.  We are not even close the 21 million mark and sans a time machine no proper conclusion can be drawn. At least my theory is explained.  Just wait until after the halving...  I'm sure the "rational players" will noticed you ignored every argument I laid out if they are reading this and that all you were capable off was childish name calling and egotistical garbage.   ANYONE can pick up the whitepaper and realize your missing the picture.  Your words are power plays.  Attacking logic with comments of sentiment.  Declaring fallacies without explanation of that which you do not agree.  You speak as though you are infallible and yet you say nothing ....
@_date: 2016-06-09 17:15:36
:)  Yes you wouldn't to tell me, then I would know:P
@_date: 2016-06-12 08:27:00
You can make a support ticket and ask on Circle and CB.  They will probably make you wait a while before lifting limits.  Maybe try the other suggestions also and contact each company to request a higher limit to get your purchase goal if you don't get what you want.
@_date: 2016-06-15 06:18:14
Yes amazing would describe it.  I guess we do agree with you in a sense.  Honestly if had the money, I would hoard some.  I would also buy and sell on the value with some.  Buy and sell on the daily fluctuations.  Expand bitcoin using business operations to make sure it is being used.  I realize to spend and transfer bitcoins is necessary for the value of bitcoin to remain in tact.  I wouldn't hoard something entirely and demean the value  in the process.  I mine so I know miners need transactions for blocks for the network to have work and continue existing. I do believe that the majority does not have the option to hoard and this is an important note.  Miners in particular who control the supply.  Maybe people will hoard given the option, but if to many hoard they will devalue the currency by making it useless thus forcing them to sell and restoring the balance. 
@_date: 2016-06-11 11:22:58
Some antminer s1s should do the trick.  A little noisy, but cheap to buy plus uses way less power than an electric heater.  Underclocked would be quieter, but require more s1s.  A friend of mine bolts 2 together in each room underclocked to replace conventional heat.  I have some in storage if you want to buy some.  They are older so pretty easy to find cheap on ebay also.  The fast pc fans are pretty useful too.
@_date: 2016-06-06 10:09:24
Its instant and free for me, but I use a debit card.  
Recommend over CC.
Is it your first time adding funds to circle with that card?
Are you adding funds during a send?
Sometimes there are transaction delays sending when others send coins with higher miner fees than the auto default on Circle, bumping you in block priority.  If you are the last person to send before the system auto updates fee from 0.0001 to 0.000156 for the miner fee...  I can't complain since its free and I don't pay it.  Other than a rare send delay and the first use of a CC or account its pretty instant for me.  You should do a ticket just to find out, I like harassing them and making them explain.  You get good info and it might push it through if there is an auto delay for first use.
Edit: I should also add some CCs and banks will delay processing buys the first time you exchange even if they take the money right away...
@_date: 2016-06-23 17:23:50
Circle and core.
@_date: 2016-06-09 08:14:38
Bitcoin doesn't need DAO.  DAO is new and hasn't proven itself over time.  Bitcoin doesn't need to be controlled by the ether community or anyone for that matter.  If bitcoin saw every change proposed by those with money it would be a dead centralized token long forgotten by now.  I'm not saying it wouldn't be good, I'm just saying DAO hasn't proven anything yet.  With the funding it has received, it hasn't proven anything except a controlled kickstart with innovation paved by a proven concept is better than starting from scratch.  Bitcoin being simple, decentralized, and less susceptible to change every time some "Genius" has a light bulb over there head is the only reason it has lasted and the young DAO project exists at all.  Bitcoin doesn't care what VCs think and neither should disruptive truly innovative technology.  I'm not saying it isn't a nice thought for one day, I'm just saying you don't put a baby in charge of an Adult.   Plus Crypto will always need an uncontrolled coin or it will become a bank, corporation, or similar.  Even though it may seem innovative, there are so many holes for centralization, control and failure you would lose the data and results for a monumental world changing project.  Lets see how DAO and Ether do in seven years.  I'm curious to see how they survive if they hit a challenging we are all losing money and must continue for the project not profit phase since it was all born from wealth and concept rather than pure love of development with no funding.  It does have a defined leader, the history of man shows the vast majority of rising leaders become corrupt.  Thats just my opinion, it is a nice thought.
@_date: 2016-06-27 23:43:53
Eventually any large growth will require a specific chip to hash specific algorithms.  Unless a coin is designed which uses all the processing capabilities of a GPU you would be talking large sums of money and power wasted.  As the difficulty went up and the network grew it would become impossible to sustain with GPUs.  This is the reason new miners are necessary and the investment model has changed drastically to longer investments. The reason ASICs are used to begin with.   Was there some ASIC bs in paving the way? Yep. Its why crpyto is still here and growing.  If graphics houses in silicon valley were the only ones mining, they would control the network.  Centralized and vulnerable defeating the purpose of crypto.  I have never lost money on asic miner and I have bought old miners past ROI stage.  You have to know what your doing and be competitive.  I don't what you mean by commodity mining, but I know mining.  There is a reason for bitcoin moving to ASIC and its a necessary step with growth.  Can some graphics house use gpus and repurpose?  Sure. When a coin is new.
PS  I solder parts off my miners for my electronics shop and personal make projects.  The parts are worth more than the original cost sometimes
@_date: 2016-06-11 23:03:40
CATgolfer had a good answer.  If it were me I would do the same.  In terms of cashing it out for local currency I would just ask the fiat wallet/exchange she is verified in.  Chances are they know the cost and have the papers to file. Seems better than paying a standard CPA since they have BTC industry CPAs and most likely have to report the transactions.  Personally I would take some risks and sell a bunch high then have a big pile to trade with while holding most of it in addition to CATgolphers suggestion.  Also, any time you come across someone who wants to buy in cash go for it.  Its better just to hold, but if you have enough money you can make a lot trading on the daily fluctuation.     Depends on what A LOT really is.  If you sell 1000btc and buy it back at %10 less then sell it after it goes up again.  You make a 100btc.  Possible in 1 day when you get fiat limits lifted...
@_date: 2016-06-15 03:12:19
@_date: 2016-06-09 09:05:40
Your name is Kinkylittleprincess and your talking on a bitcoin thread.  Don't tell me your a petite Asian girl, I don't wanna be in love...
@_date: 2016-06-21 19:32:07
So BTC is the Dad because he simple and strong?  
Maybe ETH is the Mum who is "complicated", talks way to much and goes all over town talking about Dad?  
You seem to be siding with Mum a little.
Don't you remember when Dad gave you 1200 a coin?
Didn't Dad take you on a roller coaster two days in a row?
Dad knows how you love roller coasters.
PS (not meant to be serious)
@_date: 2016-05-17 06:55:16
You can request a permanent or temporary limit increase with circle and coinbase. Doubt anyone will reply that fast, but at least when they do you will have a better limit for next time.  Never know someone may be around.
@_date: 2016-05-15 09:55:39
It makes no difference if they are a regulatory agency or have jurisdiction.  They at least make a phone call to a direct corporate contact whom they have resolved complaints before.  In the case of coinbase, 64.  It takes a second, its online and its free so it never hurts.   If you are not there you can't go to court and probably don't want to pay for it any free asset is helpful.  You can't file an affidavit or have your secretary of state sue.  Your not a citizen or present in the country, its a little different.    Your absolutely right though.  A good smear and social media campaign beats all these days.  Like how coinbase replied on this one. Probably faster than BBB complaint.  I take it to bitcointalk for bitcoin stuff.  I think any US wallet terms or no will at least freeze you temporarily for moving coin in any country remotely related to terrorism, prior conflict, or even near one.  The government is all over them. Maybe move the coin from your coinbase to breadwallet before the flight.     I've been frozen in several wallets because my transactions look liked gambling.  I had to prove otherwise.   Its never fun.  A fiat wallet and seperate wallet solve the temp freezes.  
@_date: 2016-05-15 02:16:05
Troll 2...  Its obvious you have never used the BBB and have absolutely no experience filing a complaint.    The BBB is valuable resource who has helped me get money back on  fraudulent deals, as far back as the dawn of internet commerce and the first few months of ebay.   They have closed 64 complaints with coinbase.  Sometimes you get some free legal calls and letters.   Alabama has no fiat option...meaning I can't vouch for me CEX recommend on fiat.  I only know you should Fiat in your own country for legal control. Didn't know I needed to S P E L L it out for you.  So I guess Trolls can only read the words in a post they think they can negatively retort? The rest look all jumbled and blurry?  
@_date: 2016-05-15 01:59:50
Did you read the post ? 
"After some time they replied saying that I apparently violated their terms and conditions and can't use my account to buy, sell or transfer to other Coinbase users but I'm allowed to access my account balance and transfer money to an external account. "
Meaning you can't do any thing with coinbase you terrorist suspect, but you can get your money out.  He can send it to a hardware wallet, circle, electrum...anywhere but within coinbase.  I've mined a ton of BTC and I'm deep in the rabbit hole.  I know what I'm doing. Troll
@_date: 2016-05-15 10:10:02
Yeah I read that asshole.  Its a temp freeze, been there.  It doesn't matter, what matters is the terms.  Coinbase support is slow, but once they get back to you they unfeeze it. Circle replies ,much faster...still slower on a flag.   Thats the way it works.  If they say you can move your coin out, they will let you.  Account freezes for fiat flags are common. Some are automated along with the email like his. Even if they say you can move your coin out, you have been flagged so you will have to speak with them .  Same thing at a bank.  If they suspect foul play, they will feeze your assets due to abnormal activity.  They won't be unfrozen until you have spoken with them to clear things up.    WTF?  Can't you think?
@_date: 2016-05-31 01:50:35
Avalons are awesome.   Spondoolies are great, but they shut down making new miners and sales.  I hope they come back though.
@_date: 2016-05-15 20:39:18
Do you have compensation disability?  My advice didn't included how to get his account unfrozen becasue I don't work for Coinbase and he has already made the post to get Coinbase to move faster.  I have just waited my turn for support reply in the past, so he was one step ahead.  Unlike you I don't think I know everything, so my advice included only what I could recommend.  Unlike you I was just being friendly and trying to help.  The only thing you have done on this thread is criticize my advice.  Your didn't offer any advice, so how the hell can you be judgmental of mine? Compared to the non existent advice you offered mine was grand.  I guess you don't have anything better to do than troll threads and disprove helpful advice without contributing in anyway whatsoever.  
I do have a disability, ADHD.  So excuse me if I blurt out a helpful reply like a decent fucking human being. My humblest apologizes oh troll king.  I can read.  English, Japanese,  Binary, Spanish, and most code.  I am done talking to you though, because your being a worthless asshole.  
Edit: I have some advice for you. I recommend not using your real name as your username for better security.
@_date: 2016-07-08 01:36:46
More hash rate, dumb luck, and updated pool/miner equipment makes for faster blocks.  I don't think any miners are selling pre-halving, sans the minimum they have to for overhead.  Freakin hodl, right?  I think most miners have updated and will keep old machines on on the premises of a price rise.   As always large farms and closet miners will come on and off with price/margin.  I'm all in for my pool and full hodl.  Do it for the love, love it if pays off.
@_date: 2016-07-11 15:32:34
Because you need mining to use the bitcoins,  Mining is to bitcoin as computers are to internet.  No computers, no internet.  No mining, no bitcoin.  We start calling them satoshis.
@_date: 2016-07-07 22:20:45
Yeah.  We are just logging on to pools, we don't decide diddly .  A lot of us like me, mine at a loss just to support the network.   I'm not sure how paying for you to transact is greedy....
@_date: 2016-07-08 00:05:13
Ha. Who asked for sympathy?  I made ROI long ago, but I sought new income as the s9 are to high in cost and I'm feeling the market out. I also don't buy brand new cars.  I'll wait till they break and then fix them.   I guess it is stupid.  Stupid to like mining as hobby and support the network that paid my bills at $1200.  Stupid to keep my head in the game, collect data and mine because I like bitcoin.  I should probably just go downvote everything and talk about how I'm downvoting like you because that pays so well.  Whats your A-hole ROI?
@_date: 2016-07-07 22:23:00
30 cents and 60 cents during peak times?  Mine are going through for way less, but is it really that much you are talking about?