@_author: crisisidentity
@_date: 2017-12-06 00:47:21
Ok, so do it.
@_date: 2017-12-06 00:41:24
POW decides which chain of transactions *within a compatible network of clients* is valid.
Users choose *which network ( rules/clients/coins ) they consider valid* by running clients, hodling &amp; transacting, and otherwise supporting the network of their choice.
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:51:52
Um... currencies are products. They would not exist without human production.
@_date: 2017-08-17 23:33:46
I've seen this floating around 
@_date: 2017-08-19 16:51:39
High time preference - prepare for the future, build savings (hodl), security &amp; patience mindset.
Low time preference - satisfaction now is more important than future satisfaction, resource depletion, risk-prone &amp; urgency mindset.
@_date: 2017-08-24 00:11:23
'Product' is a broad term, and it includes development of currency. 
Historically, currencies emerged from highly marketable commodities with utility.
Just because inflating the supply will dilute value does not mean it's no longer a product. Making anything more abundant will dilute it's value, and scarcity just so happens to be an important property of any good that you want to be a store of value.
If I purchase some fine art because there is demand for unique scarce objects that doesn't mean it's no longer a 'product'. It's a good that I chose because there is utility in the reality that it is not abundant, and whose value would be lost if it could be arbitrarily reproduced in a way that were indistinguishable from the original.
@_date: 2017-08-22 23:50:27
[Your distinction is arbitrary.](
@_date: 2017-08-18 01:09:09
He doesn't give a fuck about anything but seizing control of bitcoin's path in an attempt to realize his ideals ( ideals which I sympathize with ).
Unfortunately he's got a history of recklessness, gets emotionally charged, and likely doesn't have the technical expertise to understand the risks his preferential path forward takes. Clearly values expediency over quality, and he's been a poor political leader in the schism.
Honestly I'd prefer staying away from a system which gives him power, even if I understand his goals. His stake in BTC makes me nervous enough.
@_date: 2017-08-24 17:18:03
I said that historically they emerged from commodity use. I never said anything about the USD.
I understand that creating more currency doesn't create more value, you must think that I was serious about inflating the supply of bitcoin. I wasn't.
You're still using a narrow definition of the word 'product' to suit the logic of your argument. At the end of the day this conversation isn't interesting because we're simply arguing past each other over semantics due to your use of a broad word in a narrow context. I already agree with you that inflating the coin supply wouldn't be a positive thing.
@_date: 2017-08-18 00:32:58
There is a chain from which the split originated. Comprised of the users who chose not to accept the changes that the branching out users choose to adopt.
He doesn't accept the changes, and is calling the chain from which the split originates the "original Bitcoin". Then goes into how he  believes that the value proposition for bitcoin will cease to exist if his if, under his perception, businesses can effectively make undue authoritative decisions for the majority of users about which coin they are using. 
Seems pretty obvious. 
Also seems obvious you're more concerned with people equating Core with Satoshi's Vision™ than understanding his comment.
@_date: 2017-08-19 17:44:34
Also the coin release schedule is a centrally managed quota. The 21 million limit is artificial and based on an arbitrary number. Instead of halving we need to radically increase the number of coins every 4 years, due to urgent reasons according to the economic framework and ideals I believe.
It should be clear that Core is centrally managing this quota by refusing to adjust the schedule. We must bring them down, seize control of our blockchain, and free the coin quantity once and for all.
Free the Coins for Free Markets and a Free Humanity.
@_date: 2017-11-02 05:40:01
Unless you’re very technically inclined, you’re basically going to wait until the KeepKey wallet updates with splitting support.
You may be able to access them sooner by moving them to Coinbase pre-fork, as I don’t think the KeepKey devs seem to be very speedy with updates, but you’re also putting your coins in Coinbase’s hands, and they often have outages and stuff during events like this.
@_date: 2017-11-16 03:48:58
He didn't actually say anything about buying it though, he just flipped his lid over the HUEG news that "conservative" Square board is "endorsing" BTC by supporting it in their products.
@_date: 2017-11-02 06:11:49
Don’t forget by one guy who is also quite literally currently in the middle of setting up an ICO for a project founded to hedge against contentious forks... that he gets founder rewards from. Yeah 
But it’s govt compromising a loose knit and fluctuating group of core devs we should be so worried about today that we should just take everything that comes with this particular fork cause it’s such an existential threat.
Well then.
@_date: 2017-11-15 02:15:55
Hodl on a sec, did I literally just answer a rhetorical question?
@_date: 2017-04-29 22:11:52
Democracy can have it's place in certain aspects of life, but when it become coercive it's nothing more than tyranny of the majority.
Central planning can "easily" distribute resources, but that doesn't mean it can coherently economize those resources across society. Resources are distributed by political decisions rather than economic signalling which leads to a whole host of issues including shortages and politically connected distribution.
The more a control a central body has in planning economic organization across society, the more that society starts looking like the USSR or Venezuela. You simply cannot effectively coordinate resources across society without free price signals, which contain information about individuals' subjective valuations.
Markets are imperfect and won't produce perfect results (they're an abstraction of human interaction after all), but the imperfections are exacerbated in the alternative, and it's the best way we have to allocate resources in society, and ultimately leads to improved conditions across society as a whole.
@_date: 2017-04-29 18:29:12
Yes, we're "connected" in the sense that we form interconnected networks by interacting with each other as individuals.
But that doesn't justify or support the practicality of central planning or the morality of taxation.
Markets are the voluntary and decentralized approach to solving problems and emerge from these network connections, through each individual acting on their own subjective values, to efficiently coordinate resources through price signals and provide and abundance of goods and services that people demand.
Central planning leads to inefficient resource usage due to loss of coordinating information and taxation is funding it by extraction from the savings of individuals, under coercion, who understand better than central planners how that value could more effectively contribute to their lives.
@_date: 2017-04-30 00:52:45
I definitely agree with the sentiment, there are a lot similarities when you get big and powerful nation-states. But the USSR was indisputably more centrally controlled then the US. Lenin had to allow for at least a limited market based economy with the New Economic Policy after the utter disaster that the centrally planned War Communism that resulted in millions dead from famine. The USSR wouldn't have even lasted as long as it had if it weren't for some price information it got from the western world.
Venezuela is a mess right now due to the shortages caused by their economic policies. 
Black markets emerge in these dire situations because even in dire economic control, people need to use this method to allocate resources to survive.
The US isn't in the greatest shape right now due to it's own economic intervention and bloated power structure, but the USSR was definitely on another level when it came to economic intervention.
The thing about having an institution that has the authority to centrally plan the way society organizes, is that it's flat out impossible to separate from special interests. If you have an institution with monopolistic social control, everyone has an incentive to use it to their own benefit, because if they don't someone with conflicting interest might. That kind of power attracts corruption and the people/entities who are most closely connected to the center of power benefit at the expense of everyone else.
@_date: 2017-04-29 18:53:48
Markets are more efficient, rational, and fair relative to the other option which is resource coordination by political means rather than economic means. 
To centrally plan is to monopolize resource distribution and it doesn't suffer from less collusion as coordination is done politically instead of economically.
Large corporations and their success as we see it today are products of government and their regulation of markets and intellectual property. We don't know what the playing field would look like without this intervention.
Taxation by definition is coercive. If you're talking about a voluntary payment or donation, it's not the same thing.
@_date: 2017-11-02 06:10:11
Don’t forget by one guy who is also quite literally currently in the middle of setting up an ICO for a project founded to hedge against contentious forks... that he gets founder rewards from. Yeah 
But it’s govt compromising a loose knit and fluctuating group of core devs we should be so worried about today that we should just take everything that comes with this particular fork cause it’s such an existential threat.
Well then.
@_date: 2017-04-29 21:51:36
Agreed. Although I'd add that while corporations are very influential entities vying for control of this power center, but there all sorts of special interest groups attempting to politically get resources and favors from this institution that attempts to centrally plan social organization. 
Politicians are brokers for access to this power.
@_date: 2017-04-29 19:18:49
Central planning and taxation is not required to help people. It, ultimately, does more harm than good.
I would still have a problem with it:
@_date: 2017-04-26 17:41:34
Funny I saw this inside Plush (club) on the wall too, a couple weeks ago. Considered taking a picture of it, but I just lurk and didn't have a reddit account to post it with.
I guess I do now.
@_date: 2017-04-29 20:08:44
np. the main point was that if you, as an individual, feel uneasy about physically threatening your neighbor for choosing not to contribute their wealth to a neighbor you felt was in need then adding more people and voting on it doesn't suddenly justify it, it merely abstracts your own personal responsibility away.
It seems like what you've been trying to say is that "taxation would be voluntary if everyone valued where it went".
You're essentially saying that if central planning were effective at distributing resources in a manner that everyone perceived as fair and effective we wouldn't need the coercion of taxation, because everyone would be glad to make a voluntary payment.
The problem is central planning fundamentally doesn't have the price information needed to efficiently distribute resources and the 'fairness' of distribution comes down to the politically navigating the conflicts of interest. People are always going to be unhappy with how their funds are being spent by a centralized political body.
@_date: 2017-09-18 02:48:11
He sent his BCH to the deposit address in his coinbase BTC account. This sent it to the same address on the BCH chain. Coinbase is in control of both keys but doesn't officially support BCH at this point. He's waiting until they officially support it in the hopes he will regain access to them at that time.
@_date: 2017-10-15 16:37:40
It's "dumb" if your perception of segwit is that it's purpose is to increase throughput on the base layer, rather than that increase simply being a beneficial side effect of a solution to fix transaction malleability allowing for much higher transaction rates on higher layers.
@_date: 2017-09-20 02:59:33
Unfortunately suffering is the result of fundamentally unsustainable systems coming to a logically predictable end.
A hyperbitcoinization event would be an unstable period, but a highly unstable period is bound happen whether or not hyperbitcoinization occurs.
What we'd like to see develop is an alternative with a more sound foundation. An escape hatch in the face of inevitable crisis, so to speak.
@_date: 2017-10-11 05:50:18
1) your coins are fine
2) yes, you should learn more about what a full node is so you have a deeper understanding about what exactly this system is that you're investing your money in. 
you should learn how to run one if you decide it's right for you after learning what it is and its function
3) if you're not going through your own node, you're connecting to someone else as a proxy. this could mean you could end up on a chain you weren't intending to use, is less private, etc
Whether you decide to run one or not has a number of factors like risk profile, technical skill ( running a node is super easy but there may be minor technical things involved like port forwarding ), resource requirements ( bandwidth, disk space ) etc
@_date: 2017-10-15 16:23:26
Considering many of their employees are probably seeing their wealth drastically expanding in value, they may not have so much of a choice if they want to retain them.
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:12:49
if it's more than an amount you would be flippant about losing store it with a hardware wallet
@_date: 2017-10-28 01:50:17


One could assume as much, but the key factor is "everyone" (consensus).
The other factor is that when we're talking about S2X we're not talking about going from 1mb to 2mb in the abstract. In reality it's a particular fork, developed by a particular person, supported by a particular faction, and with particular politics and motives behind it. The fork is ultimately much more than a simple increase to 2mb, and at least a segment of opposition is likely motivated more by the political reality of the fork than simply the concept of increasing the block size.
@_date: 2017-10-28 02:33:30
I'll preface this by saying I don't think BCH is necessarily an attack in itself, although it's fair to say that many of proponents do attack BTC (ie, Roger's leveraging Bitcoin.com to claim BTC brand), and of course it would be in their interest to do so.
Open source doesn't mean "cannot be used in an attack". Your portrayal of OSS is fine if you consider it in an isolated environment, but when software can communicate with other people's computers it's more complex.
If you use open source software in ways that affects other people in negative ways, they will at the very least consider it disruptive, and  if it's perceived as done by a party with conflicting interest and willful intent, it will surely be considered a malicious attack.
Segwit DID get activated because of an agreement... that was put together specifically before the activation of BIP148 to try and front run it. You can't say it "only" got activated because of the NYA. The NYA could have just as easily have been ultimately irrelevant to Segwit activation.
It was also pretty messy, only applied to a segment of the community, and there have been defectors who have stated valid concerns for their decision to drop support. It's not as simple as the childlike narrative you're portraying.
@_date: 2017-10-20 04:07:28
Oh, I'm not saying that all alts will go to zero, or that niches won't be found. I'm not even necessarily saying Bitcoin will swallow _all_ monetary use, I've heard the Pareto Principle being brought up in this regard. And who knows what the network will look like in X years. Something like sidechains could bring the value proposition of alts into the bitcoin fold so to speak.
My post was entirely in the context of the challenge it will be for an alt to _supplant_ Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-20 03:19:12
People thought they missed their chance on BTC and wanted a new vehicle to get-rich-quick. Ethereum's network is marketed not as a secure digital money but a turing complete computing platform and the Next-Big-Thing-In-Blockhain. It's main use case so far has been to spawn thousands of get-rich-quick scheme tokens, and that mess is not going to end well.
Between FOMO, debased fiat currency flowing into risky investments, and Bitcoin's scaling pressure it's no wonder alts have been pumping.
But due to network effects money tends to consolidate toward one network. It makes the most sense for everyone to use the same money. Fiat fights this effect by creating legal barriers ( ie legal tender laws ).
Bitcoin has the brand, a laser focus on becoming the most secure money, and most importantly all that is backed up by it's better-than-gold monetary policy. It also has the longest history of survival and use which is a testament to it's anti-fragility and confidence in future reliability. These are important things when we consider that we ultimately want people to be able to store their life savings on this network.
I'm not saying it's impossible for BTC to lose out to something else. It's a social experiment, and could fall apart at some point. But it's got a lot more going for it than altcoin investors looking to catch a ride on the "Next Bitcoin" realize, and BTC falling apart would likely _severely_ impact confidence in the entire cryptocurrency space.
@_date: 2017-10-15 16:40:01
oh wait...
@_date: 2017-10-28 16:07:44


Yes, but it also shouldn't be very easy to change the consensus rules. The fact that it's difficult to do so is a feature, not a bug. Otherwise bitcoin's monetary policy and immutability would be effectively meaningless.


Or is there a detail I'm missing?... some impact to something based on who wrote the code.
Or is it just a moral thing like, don't eat a cake baked by Hitler? - even if he followed a recipe others also use, and the recipe is open-source.
Where it matters is that if you wanted to, say, change the 21m coin limit, sure you could but you'd have to code it yourself (or find someone to do it for you), and then maintain your new fork yourself, because it's unlikely the devs that you forked from would implement (otherwise you wouldn't have had to have done it yourself in the first place).
And then we get to the issue that we're talking about a p2p network here, not some software that is isolated to your local environment, so now we're talking about incompatibility with the existing network, which mostly uses the software you forked from and won't include your incompatible change to the money supply.
There's more to it than simply changing variables in whatever way you see fit and running them on your local machine. We're talking about digital _money_ here, and money is a social tool to have an objective reference point between people to trade value. It's a social system and there's necessarily going to be politics involved with the system and how it's developed. It's not like running an open source mp3 player on your desktop, which has virtually no external effect on how other people listen to music and doesn't require consensus to effectively operate.
@_date: 2017-10-25 22:53:32


Those aren't the only factors that go into valuation obviously, otherwise LTC would have already usurped BTC.
There are a number of factors involved here that you're clearly not accounting for.
Value is subjective and people may have different priorities and and perspective than you when it comes to evaluating the worth of a network.
Temporarily slow transactions and high fees aren't a big concern for me. As someone who understands what kind of an affect this technology is bound to have on the world, I'm prepared for there to be attacks and potential disruptions that I'll have to be patient with. It's the nature of the beast.
@_date: 2017-10-15 17:07:56
Electrum is a SPV ( or "lite" ) wallet that doesn't download the entire blockchain, but connects to an external full node to get that data, it has a lot more user-oriented features like hardware wallet support.
Bitcoin Core is the full node that Electrum connects to. It's better for privacy and security and such because you're not relying on other people to verify the blockchain, but also doesn't have all the features Electrum has.
If you want the features of Electrum with the features of having your own full node, you can run an Electrum server and complete the pipeline locally (Electrum Client -&gt; Electrum Server -&gt; Bitcoin Core), though simply using the Electrum client and connecting to someone else's server will likely be sufficient for most people ( but you should be very cautious about this around the time a fork happens because there could be confusion as to which chain the person you're connected to is on ).
Bitfinex is an exchange. It's purpose is for trading, and while you *can* store coins there, you're basically putting your coins in their hands and trusting that they will take sufficient care of them, and they've had a history proving that to be a bad idea.
@_date: 2017-10-15 16:50:20
...or you just seem to have less caution and a higher time preference than they (and a significant portion of the ecosystem) do.
many people, including myself, appreciate the caution. i'd prefer them to continue research on spoonnet over this reckless, forced s2x junk
@_date: 2017-05-13 14:14:15
Hodling is using bitcoin. So is using it for purchasing products. They are different use cases for the network. You only seem to want to accept the latter as a legitimately valuable use case, but we can demonstrably see today that a significant portion of the network disagrees with that assessment by showing their preference to hodl (and driving up value by hodling until demand outpaces willingness to hodl).
You can have whatever opinion of hodling you want, but all you're doing right now is publicizing your opinion that having a say in the network should be biased against a vastly significant number of people who use the network for a use case they value and you don't.
@_date: 2017-05-13 13:15:36
You seem to think that hodlers are not users but parasitical profiteers of a payment processing system.
Hodling signals demand. By hodling coins you're effectively saying that you value the coins more than whatever else you could have by exiting them which drives up value of the asset.
A fundamental use of the network is to store value such that only the user with the private key has authoritative access to the assets.
Bitcoin has never been as competitive at payment processing as it has been at storing value. There's much more efficient ways of processing those payments. Merchant adoption has always been a lagging indicator, and bitcoin has been largely driven by people who adopt for speculation and/or value storage.
If all the merchants exited the space and you still had hodlers using the network to store value (due to it's security and monetary policy) to trade with other users (hodlers) who can drive the value up by demanding more for their scarce assets to part with them, bitcoin would still be useful and valuable. Merchants who directly accept bitcoin is a plus as it's a better exit than having to go through another currency to make purchases, but there's still use for bitcoin without directly purchasing products.
Daniel Krawisz supports big blocks and hard forks and Roger Ver has also claimed that hodlers fundamentally give the network value, it's also not an argument that simply falls along political sides of the block size issue.
Hodlers are certainly users and deserve as much say as any other user on the network.
@_date: 2017-05-13 04:40:29
I never made that claim, my post implies equivalency.
That being said there certainly is arguments about the importance of hodling, to the point of it underlying what enables 'everyday use':
"Hoarders are more important than merchants. If a restaurant downtown starts accepting bitcoins, this does not necessarily create an incentive for anybody to buy more bitcoins. Why would anyone bother if they can still just use a credit card? If you can convince a merchant to accept bitcoins and stop accepting dollars, then I’ll be impressed.
Unless a merchant is offering something that cannot be bought for dollars, or at least offering a discount, he is only benefiting Bitcoin to the extent that he encourages more hoarding. If he immediately converts the bitcoins he receives as payment into dollars, and if his customers only buy bitcoins so as to spend them at his shop shortly thereafter, then neither has much direct effect on Bitcoin’s demand. The real hero is the hoarder behind the scenes who buys from the merchant and enables him to convert his payments into dollars."
[from Daniel Krawisz' article on hoarding](
[The Satoshi Nakamoto Institute]( has several articles about this for instance.
@_date: 2017-05-16 00:25:00
Lol. Directly after you said that your response had nothing to do with putting yourself on a pedestal, you made the case for why you should be put on a pedestal over people who you consider inferior. Not to mention you've shown that your "issue" that drove you to respond comes down to an emotional reaction to your conflating "People who primarily hodl" with "People who think bitcoin sucks as a currency", which is not mutually inclusive. Good job.
And again you're making the case that the only way to use bitcoin is to make transactions with it, which is obviously not the case. People who invest in bitcoin are also using the network, even when they aren't actively making transactions. This should be a simple concept, but you're choosing not to acknowledge this as a valuable and legitimate use of bitcoin so that you can put yourself on a pedestal and disregard them, because in your mind they all hold an opinion that triggers you.
I did not make any claim about credit cards whatsoever, your rant was literally just that: a rant, at some imaginary person who made some case about credit cards being better than bitcoin that only exists in your mind.
It's pretty clear what your purpose is here, and it's also obvious that you're so drunk on hubris you can't acknowledge even simple concepts that question your feelings of self importance and resort to attacking figments of your imagination. So enjoy pretending you're Satoshi's gift to bitcoin and that you have it all figured out as you take swings at those windmills. The reality is that you're just another drop in the bucket of bitcoin users and have no special relevance. 
Good luck with your promotions, although with an attitude like the one you've displayed I find it likely that you're going to deter more people than you can convince to listen to you. I suspect that as long as you can convince yourself about how great you are, though, that's all that truly matters.
@_date: 2017-05-14 16:27:52
Wow. Maybe you should consider slowing your roll there. You're either not comprehending or choosing not to address what my point has been this entire time (hodlers should have equal say in the network) and proceeded to make assumptions and patronizing comments based on those assumptions, after all I intended was arguing against the disenfranchisement of a significant portion of users (who you don't appear to even acknowledge as users), using the arguments of individuals who have prominently contributed to the space and went even further into arguing for the importance of hodling.
If this is how you feel it's appropriate to promote things then I don't have much confidence that your promotion of bitcoin is very beneficial to much more than your own psyche.
If you actually read what I said, I was talking about competitive advantages relative to each other and the fact that decentralization inherently has inefficiencies all things being equal. I'm fully aware that there's a lot that goes on behind the scenes in the patchwork of transactions that is a credit card purchase.
I frequently lurk on r/btc as I do here, and one of the reasons I haven't posted there at this time is responses like these seem more common and the atmosphere is generally more negative. (This sub is no panacea either, but the atmosphere is generally better, imo.) You may feel like a wise ambassador but you're certainly not making me feel like I should be posting your preferred sub to improve my knowledge and it ends up as a disservice rather than a promotion.
I'm going to also re-iterate that Daniel Krawisz, who wrote the article I linked to above supports big blocks and hard forks, and that Roger Ver, owner of r/btc, has also made statements about the fundamental value that hodlers bring to bitcoin. If you want to whip out your "I understand and contribute to bitcoin" dick why don't you contact them about making comparisons. I'm pretty sure they will care about useless and irrelevant posturing as much as I do.
All I'm doing here is defending why hodlers should have a say. Period. I don't care about getting into a discussion with you about bitcoin vs credit cards. It's irrelevant. I don't care about how amazing you think are to the ecosystem. It's irrelevant. It seems like this whole argument has basically been an exercise in you putting yourself on a pedestal, which obviously means that you should have more say than others... because, you know, bitcoin is better than credit cards or whatever.
@_date: 2017-05-13 04:54:19
The days destroyed weight sounds pretty interesting.
The largest businesses and services using bitcoin should definitely have their say, but I don't think they should have more influence. 
Businesses and business models come and go, and biasing the influence towards existing business in a system can certainly lead to undesirable entrenchment at the expense of an improved environment.
Users with frequent use is just one facet of bitcoin and a compulsive gambler who poorly day-trades shouldn't have more say than someone who makes large, infrequent investments IMO.
@_date: 2017-05-12 23:24:14
Wouldn't this bias toward users with the highest transaction frequency, though?
For instance people who are primarily hodlers are also (arguably very important) users, but their preferences wouldn't get captured. Especially in contrast to, say, a day-trader... or am I missing something?
@_date: 2018-12-01 19:45:31
If you'd like but we'd just be reiterating how you try to affect people's views by weaving garbage narratives based on arbitrary contexts and flimsy premises.
@_date: 2018-12-01 15:23:23
Now try comparing your lifetime performance vs bitcoin's lifetime performance and see what you get.
@_date: 2018-12-01 20:01:02
Wait, now I’m not sure what you were asking to do exactly.
@_date: 2018-12-01 18:00:10
Lol, you were clearly trying to turn what was obviously nonsensical snark into some stupid narrative in line with your M.O. as if it were some sort of legitimate thing to take into consideration.
It was transparently masturbation on your part.
If you had been doing these dissuasion exercises for 2+ years anyone listening to you would be in a worse position than had they not listened to you, and you would have found some other arbitrary method of comparison.
You’re just building garbage narratives based on nonsense to feed your utterly poor concern trolling.
@_date: 2018-12-01 15:30:46
I don't care about when you started ranting, and you could make up whatever time frame you want to put yourself in the better position. If you had been around for 2+ years then anyone listening to you would be worse off today.
@_date: 2018-12-01 19:15:29
Except it was clearly never intended to be "supported" in the first place, and what you actually did was attempt to leverage it into something that you could use to make a complete bullshit narrative out of.   
Which you did, all the while dressing it up ( we need a legitimate "effective measurement" lol ), while I commented on some of the arbitrary choices you used to support your case before dropping the foundation out of the entire exercise. And we got to see what utter nonsense you will spin into your super serious bitcoin analysis to halp all the poor noobs from the gains they would still have made if you were making the same argument longer than 2 years ago.  
@_date: 2018-12-01 14:52:54
If this is true then your performance has been worse than bitcoin.  
Perhaps you should consider cutting your losses and moving on.
@_date: 2018-12-01 18:47:16
yes, and you ran with it and tried to legitimize it with facts and put it in arbitrary contexts to suit your narrative in an actual attempt to dissuade people from bitcoin, when it was clearly based on a foundation of sand, which is indicative about how you approach giving people advice
@_date: 2018-12-01 18:25:44
I tried to turn your nonsensical snarky comment about wanting to help people out of a dead asset into a "factual" narrative about how you have performed worse than bitcoin. Got it.
@_date: 2018-12-01 19:21:33
Go through what again?
@_date: 2018-12-01 15:48:00
you can't "effectively measure" the performance of bitcoin against your performance dissuading people anyway.  If you want to go that route then choosing price as the metric to measure bitcoin's performance is arbitrary.  
the only thing you're "effectively measuring" here is how well you can weave a dissuasive narrative