@_author: croatianscentsation
@_date: 2019-05-13 15:58:09
I’m with you. I fucked up so bad out of fear and naivety when bitcoin was at $70. I invested 6 grand into building computers to mine LTC. If I would have just bought and held bitcoin.. and the coins I did have were lost to the government when they seized btce. Lessons were learned
@_date: 2019-05-13 17:52:55
You are right that there is a great deal more awareness today, but I think to say “everybody knows” is a vast overstatement. I spread the word every chance I get about bitcoin, and at least half the people I talk to are clueless. Of the half that have at least heard of it, I’ve met a very select few that are invested or own any. This is in a first world country where information is abundant. Now consider the number of people globally this has the potential to help that have never been exposed to the concept. The more money that is put into the currency, the more valuable it will become. We have a long ways to go before bitcoin reaches its full potential.
@_date: 2019-05-13 23:08:43
You’re right. The volatility is what the big players are in it for. Right now it is seen as an easy way for them to multiply their money at the average persons expense. I’m in bitcoin for what I hope and believe it will become. I won’t be investing anymore on the way up, but when it inevitably crashes again, I’ll try to get in closer to the bottom. I do see a lot of big firms flirting with the idea at the moment, and I believe that will provide a huge shot in the arm temporarily. As it becomes more universally accepted and adopted, the exchange rate will be a lot harder for the big players to manipulate. That’s why they’re pumping it to the moon right now so they can cash out on the way up. A lot of people are still reeling from buying in near the all time high. They will definitely be trying to recoup their losses if the opportunity presents itself.
@_date: 2019-05-13 16:05:58
I think the problem is that people still see 1 bitcoin as the unit of measure. Ultimately the satoshi will be the unit we transact in. You’d be amazed at the number of people who are aware of bitcoin, but are “waiting for it to stabilize before they get in.” And the number of people who have only kind of heard about it like I did in 2013. This is still the ground floor.. second story maybe, but we’re building a fucking skyscraper here!