@_author: cronyx
@_date: 2016-08-25 12:30:24
You didn't click any of the links.
@_date: 2016-08-25 19:31:25
\&gt;implying some kind of reddit PVP
lol ok
@_date: 2016-08-25 17:55:54
You're only addressing *titles*, and not *content.* Good day.
@_date: 2016-08-25 17:06:26
His own economy? I think we need to define some terms. Also, his goal is finding food for the day, he has very little opportunity to start a business if he doesn't want to go hungry. This bootstrap business is fantasy.
@_date: 2016-08-25 19:20:13
The point is that after reviewing the information I've provided, you wouldn't have made those arguments in the first place. I'm not going to do more than my fair share of the work in the argument by writing a fucking transcript of a video, re-typing a few pages from a book, explain what it means, to counter an invalid argument you couldn't have made in the first place if you'd have made yourself aware of the material *first.*
@_date: 2016-08-25 17:33:27


That's basically the Technology Lifecycle. At first new technologies are very expensive and don't work very well, and extremely niche. Then they work a bit better, slightly more people adopt, but are still prohibitively expensive, but you can live without them. Then they work extremely well, are ubiquitous, and nearly free. Take cell phones. In 70's and 80's movie, it was a common trope, director short hand, for a character to pull out a cellphone to show that they're very powerful, wealthy, or otherwise influential. The famous beach seen in Wallstreet comes to mind, with Gordon Gecko plotting master of the universe deals from a *portable phone*. The scene loses much of its relevance in a world where phones are free with plan, and held by every 14 year old.


[Humans need not apply](


[80% of the employment in the developed world are things computers have just learned how to do.](
Not without extremely specialized education, which they can't get if they can't support themselves during the process. We need to figure out what to do with all the people that *cant* be retrained for whatever reason ([Future Shock]( being a primary cause), and invest in social programs to pay for educating those that can be. The labor that still exists will be extremely niche, extremely technical, extremely specialized, and there won't be enough of it to go around. Basic Income is the only humane and ethical option to deal with the surplus people.
@_date: 2016-08-24 23:56:53
Do I think people should work for me without making any profit...
In a post scarcity economy, profit is meaningless, because everyone has as much as they need. But we're not there yet. It'll happen in our lifetime, but there's going to be blood in the street, I fear, on the way to that reality.
[Deep Learning - "80% of the employment in the developed world are things computers have just learned how to do."](
You've probably heard these terms before, but just to recap: A technological singularity, as a concept, I feel needs to be disambiguated from "the law of accelerating returns".
The latter plots data points of technological advance on a histogram, observes that in the specific ontology of "information technology", the rate of advancement is non-linear, and accelerates exponentially over time. It then theorizes axioms to explain why this is so, and will continue to be so.
The former makes a prediction about what happens to this trend along the future axis of that histogram, and how it -- like all exponential phenomenon -- curves steadily, and then sharply, upward and approaches infinity. It predicts that the amount of processing capability available for $1000 dollars, measured in CPS - that's Calculations Per Second - will be equal to one human brain (again, in CPS), by 2021. Intel's own technology road map is congruent with this estimate (again, in calculations per second, or in their case, MIPS, millions instructions per second). And that's not taking into account any "leap of faith" technologies, lime quantum computing, 3d architecture, or more reasonably, graphine. It's silicon.
Follow this trend out just a few decades, and by 2045, $1000 of computational capability will be the equivalent of *all* human brains.
We simply don't know *what that means.* We can't. In terms of raw paradigmial disruptive force, there is simply no historical analog of this magnitude as paradigm shifts go in our entire historical -- and even geological -- canon, short of extinction events or the evolution of new branches. That's The Singularity. What happens next, we can't predict past because the amount of technological progress for every unit of time at any meaningful resolution is too high, and too fast. Thereafter is where you start getting into wild and embarrassing speculation that damages credibility *even if it's right*, simply because its so far removed from the experiential envelope of people's daily lives, and even their longer lasting cultural memory. History dictates that things don't change over the course of one lifetime too much. You maybe get one paradigm shift per generation, if that. This is the *intuitive linear* model of progress, and what people are used to.  They're used to it because, while there's always been the law of accelerating returns, all exponential phenomenons begin slowly at first, and at that rate, fall below the threshold of notice for a single lifetime. We're evolutionarily ill equipped to deal with exponentials, which is why they rightly so "offend common sense."
...Often, my perspective is mistaken for concern or empathy. There's some of that, sure....
But it's mostly cold pragmatism. We're about to replace nine tenths of the workforce with automation, and those displaced workers still have living requirements.
I'm looking at society like a machine, or a game of Civilization. NPCs have hard coded needs. As individual units, they require food, shelter, and agency (or the illusion of agency). ~~If you don't provide~~ -- let me rephrase that -- If their levels of those attributes are insufficient, "Bad Shit" happens.
That's all there is to it.
It Doesn't Matter if you think they're not entitled to it, or didn't earn it. *It doesn't.* "The Game" doesn't care why. It's just a scripted event. If the the NPCs in your Civ are deficient in those attributes, the game will will generate civil unrest, riots, revolution. You can delay the onset of some of these by dragging your "Orwell" slide bar up, but increasing police force projection, surveillance, and authority have negative effects as well, the least of all is the monetary cost. Eventually you have to run the cost / benefit analysis of paying for all those jack boots and truncheons for the storm troopers, and, eventually, you find that pragmatism dictates you can only drag that Orwell slide bar so far to the right before the cost of just buying people food and shelter out right costs less.
If not, at the very least, you're going to find a broken driver's side window and a hole where your stereo head unit used to be, because People Units are hard coded by evolution not to starve to death. If you don't want the negative effect library collectively packaged under "Bad Shit" to show up in your Civilization's mouse-over attributes, then you have to make sure all the NPCs have threshold-level minimums in those values. Full Stop.
We're already experiencing the ramifications of this, and we're handling the shockwaves *badly*.
Right now, technology allows labor to generate a surplus. Lets narrow the scope a bit and use some napkin math, and imagine a civilization with 100 people, and a technology level whereby each worker generates output from their labor at a partly 1.01 efficiency ratio. In this scenario, 99 active workers in our theorycraft civilization produce 100% of that civilization's consumption needs.
...What about the 100th citizen? He has no job, and there is no job *for* him. Yet, he still needs to eat. What then?
*Even If* we suspend all pretense of ethics, and we aim to run our civilization as cold and efficiently as possible, and we martial the the civilization's best minds and technology to *industrialize* the process of excising the surplus *people*, even that doesn't solve the problem. It only shifts it down. Lets work it out.
That 100th citizen still has needs, as outlined. Evolution simply will not, reliably, allow someone to voluntarily lay down and die of starvation and exposure. You can feed them, or, you can file an insurance claim for a stolen car stereo. In either case, he acquires money, and he goes to McDonalds, and buys food. McDonalds sells one more BicMac than they otherwise would have. The person with a surplus of money who filled his panhandling cup has already eaten lunch; he wouldn't buy *another* BigMac if he hadn't given that money to the begger.
We invoke our industrialized purging program, and we excise the surplus people. McDonalds sells fewer units tomorrow, and now has a labor surplus. They dismiss an employee. Tomorrow, that employee takes the place of the one we purged. See the problem? It's only exacerbated by increased production efficiency. Get to a ratio of 2.0, and only *half* the society's population need work to meet 100% of the society's consumption rates.
[Deep Learning - "80% of the employment in the developed world are things computers have just learned how to do."](
Can't link that enough.
On a brighter note, when we come out of the other side of this strife, we're poised to enter adulthood as a race.
"Every time mankind has been able to access a new source of energy, it has lead to profound societal implications. Human beings had had slaves for thousands and thousands of years. And when we learned to mark carbon our slave, instead of other human beings, we started to learn how to be civilized people. Thorium has a *million times* the energy density of a carbon-hydrogen bond. What could that mean for human civilization?" -- [Kirk Sorensen](
Automation and AGI has the potential to be even more powerful. Not since the invention of agriculture have we experienced such a social upheaval. Prior to that, every human was more or less responsible for their own food production. Agriculture produced a *surplus*, so that not every person needed to be involved in the production of food, freeing up mental resources for specialization. The next paradigm shift can potentially free 95% of the population from labor. It's not a matter of Victorian work ethics being antiquated -- though they are -- but an issue of efficiency. Anything a human can do, an automated system will be able to do better and cheaper. [Humans need not apply](
There's no place for ideas like those of [Ralph Offenhouse]( in the future.
@_date: 2016-08-22 01:06:55
You sound like a Ferengi. I prefer the Federation.
@_date: 2016-08-25 13:55:11
I did, in the links. I also pre-countered your argument in regards to the past claims of change being an indicator of the coming paradigm shift, by citing the difference between the intuitive linear view of progress vs the law of accelerating returns, but you curiously made the argument *anyway*. It's mostly a waste of time. I don't believe that you're arguing in good faith. On the contrary, I believe you're arguing from an entrenched position of siege mentality that *"knows"* the opposing position is wrong, and merely needs to figure out *how* it's wrong. I also suspect you haven't spent a lot of time in academia beyond the mandated + minimum for vocation if you think my post was long.
I very much encourage you to read *The Singularity is Near: When Humans Transcend Biology* and to then follow up with *The Age of Spiritual Machines: When Computers Exceed Human Intelligence*.
I've read both many times, and I can authoritatively say that order is important. The first book establishes credentials, and most importantly, the thesis in academic prose. It goes through all the math, statistics, history, and *physics* regarding the true limits of using baryonic matter as a computational substrate. The second book spends leas time in making the argument, assumes you're already on board and doesn't waste time convincing you, and focuses more on "So, what does it mean? What's next?"
It seems like most detractors have read only the second book, if they've read any at all, and thus are ignorant of the actual nuts and bolts in a mathematical and physics sense behind the argument.
@_date: 2016-04-07 23:02:21
Reading this shit just makes me want to vomit. And kill myself. I worked at a little local mom n pop computer shop around the time all the bitcoin stuff was getting started. We had some refurbished laptops there out in front that we'd sell cheap. I'd some times work late, set them all up to mine, then get to work early the next morning to return them to "ready to sell state." I was also doing a lot of weed around this time, and setting up mining pools wasn't nearly as easy as now, and I somehow fucked something up, and the main pool wallet ended up being on one of the computers out front (at least I think that's what happened), instead of the one in the back, that I had been backing up via Dropbox. To this day I'm not sure what I did wrong, but the copy I ended up with at home was empty, as opposed to when I'd check it at work, and it had about 80k coins in it. The shit of it was, nobody even got those coins. Store owner would have Acronis image restored the laptop before selling it because kids would come in and fuck with them.
I have barely smoked weed since. Fuck my life.
@_date: 2016-04-07 23:33:18
You're honestly better having not done it at all. Thinking about the loss is terrible.
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:28:05
I see. It's interesting that you can loop hole and "rules-lawyer" God.
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:59:43
Just out of curiosity, what's the motivation / reward for going into the loan business if you *don't* charge interest? How do you offset risk, and make profit so that you can give additional loans in the future?
@_date: 2018-08-27 09:45:28
What's ETF?
@_date: 2014-03-29 02:00:23
Saving this for later
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:15:16
He *sounds mean?* By which definition?
1. unwilling to give or share things, especially money; not generous
2. unkind, spiteful, or unfair
What did he say that leads you describe him by any of those definitions?
@_date: 2017-08-25 15:58:24
Except this:




@_date: 2017-11-20 14:10:12
If I try to send a file to an FTP server, but it's not *actually* an FTP server, but is an IRC server, the connection bounces and I don't lose the original file. Why aren't crypto protocols set up this way? That sounds fucking retarded.
@_date: 2018-02-09 18:43:48
At some point, we have to recognize that we can't eat, drink, or breathe money.
@_date: 2015-09-02 17:06:56
Side bar doesn't say all that. It only says not to "promote." If someone asks my opinion of it though, I'm not going to *lie*.
@_date: 2015-09-02 16:28:49
The rules just forbid *promotion*. Discussion of a thing doesn't equate to the promotion or endorsement of the thing.
@_date: 2015-11-05 20:52:10
Wasn't the transaction fee going up *planned* by the BC designer? Like, it was supposed to replace mining eventually? The way I understood it was, that eventually all coins would be mined, but like a torrent, you can't download if no one is seeding. Or in any cryptocurrency's case, you can't transfer coins around if there isn't a robust, healthy network, and that network has been the miners. They are incentivized to stay connected to the network by earing coins. Where do the coins to pay them come from after they've all been mined? Transaction tax.
@_date: 2015-03-29 21:29:36
What *will* make you anonymous?
@_date: 2015-03-29 16:13:30
That's why the citizenry must remain armed to defend themselves. 
@_date: 2015-03-24 17:51:50
Can I ask what this is used for?
@_date: 2015-03-30 01:55:35
That, combined with the democratizing force of ever increasing resolution home manufacturing (3d printing, eventually nano-scale assembly) are the foundations the socioeconomic singularity will be built on, as a harbinger to the technological singularity.
@_date: 2015-03-29 16:59:47
Without doing a personal live audit of the server racks yourself, how do you find VPNs that are "State proof"? As in, not only will they not comply with government "requests", but they literally *can't*, as in, they lack the capability to comply, due to their technology implementation? I'd love to get a good VPN, but I don't know how to know *for a fact* that I'm secure, or the one I'm using hasn't secretly received a gag ordered compliance letter, or is even a honeypot front company for a State agency. Sure there's Tor, but governments run a *lot* of exit nodes, and it's slow.
@_date: 2015-11-05 20:57:39
Well you'd just end up using an exchange service like converting between dodge, lite, or red.
@_date: 2015-02-11 16:25:22
What do you mean by "you guys"?
@_date: 2015-03-29 16:25:36
Of course. That's the goal of a monopoly; no one can appeal in your monopolized arena. It's why corporations love them, and why governments love monopolies on force projection. They insure that diplomacy becomes purely ceremonial.
@_date: 2013-07-21 18:47:25
, everyone!