@_author: crosscheckpanda
@_date: 2014-01-01 01:27:01
Good point.  The more I think about it after samsung/htc forks the open source code, and adds their stuff and then compiles it, any store bought android is not really secure any more.  The reason of the lack of security isn't because of any flaw with open source code, or even android, but the manufacturers are susceptible to the same government pressures as apple.
It would be technically possible to compile android yourself and load it onto a phone you trust the hardware on and have it be secure .... but no one does. 
This is probably buried, editing and adding comment with your name up high
@_date: 2014-01-01 03:11:30
I'm going pretty conspiracy theory here but it's hard to come up with a reason that installing software on a device you own should be illegal ....
@_date: 2014-01-01 03:25:43
I know nothing about it (and by extension am not arguing) but how? 
It seems to me like it's "a computer with 4g instead of wifi". (Which you can do whatever to a computer)  How does an automatic law from Congress roll over to phones? 
(Again all the questions make me sound like I'm arguing ... I'm not. I just don't understand)
@_date: 2014-01-01 03:10:38
IF lavabit is the norm (no proof here) they could recruit under threat of force. "Add a backdoor or you will be tried as a terrorist with no right to trial" can rearrange a lot of people's priorities. And they can do that to terrorists. And terrorists is so horribly poorly defined ... But I don't see a definition in the NDAA or patriot act that says someone "refusing to help catch terrorists by not helping spy on people" ISN'T considered being a terrorist. 
It's a bit of stretch and a conspiracy theory but considering there is solid evidence that they are leaning on American companies in legal ways good god the loophole needs to be closed to at least garuntee everyone a public trial. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:06:30
Android is open source. This is a double edged sword when it comes to attacks and malware. Because it is open source writers of malicious programs can look over the code when trying to find a vulnerability.  HOWEVER, because any one can look at the code, security loop holes are freely accessible by any one. In the case of the NSA it is possible (though not proven) that the closed source Apple code may have a "backdoor" or intentional vulnerability for the NSA. This possibility is extremely unlikely for the Android because the NSA would have to leave their exploit on publicly available websites and hope nobody noticed (someone would be nearly garunteed to) and if they did many many people would legally own proof of their spying.  Considering how much Trouble they went though to conceal it it isn't likely they would take that risk. 
On the face of things source code may seem more susceptible to attack but in reality it's often better. Bitcoin is completely open source, and were it not it would likely have much less value for fear that the creator had put in a backdoor to steal bit coins. 
As a side note I believe (not positive) a sizeable chunk of the software added by Samsung/htc or whoever makes your Android is closed source so it seems plausible that they could put on exploits at that stage if desired. 
EDIT: pointed out malicious compilers are a real threat to open source code. The more I think about it after samsung/htc forks the open source code, and adds their stuff and then compiles it, any store bought android is not really secure any more. The reason of the lack of security isn't because of any flaw with open source code, or even android, but the manufacturers are susceptible to the same government pressures as apple.
It would be technically possible to compile android yourself and load it onto a phone you trust the hardware on and have it be secure .... but no one does. 