@_author: crowdvestclub
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:38:51
7sm , we have developed in ( beta) our bitcoin ppv platform    and now working on our crypto 2.0 crowdfunding platform ( bitcoin 4 securities ) Crowdvest.club. 
So some of the liquidity will be to bring these platforms to the global market. We will acquire technology we need to better that mission.
We also have developed and bitcoin donation platform that we will take global , it serves U.S. registered charities only currently called givabitcoin.com . 
Playcoin Entertainment Corp.
@_date: 2015-05-27 22:28:24
7sm , yes, it is a browser to browser streaming player. Our technology uses Existing players and hosting solutions that content owners can easily bitcoin enable for ppv and run on their website individually or playlist with our api. Works with most any player. So content do not have to modify their existing streaming model to anable it to accept bitcoin. 
We use a third party to processes bitcoin payments or enable user defined payments for fundraising options. Plus a user can pre pay for a video and send as a gift to their friends and family.If you wish for us to add streamium options to our platform we may entertain that feature in the future ( it is open source ) .
Thus more then one bitcoin ppv tool for more then purpose is ideal.
The crowdvest platform is in development currently as we are awaiting the SEC's guildines for funding portal requirements under the U.S. JobsAct . So we are a one time `100 bux ( which is half off our regular membership price) to users to initially so they will get first taste with the benefits that will be included with membership.
The legal costs alone to launch crowdvest.club is in the 7 figures ( for the US. alone) . But we see that many companies are unbanked looking to raise fund with their securities so they can grow and hire which improves economies globally. The platform will be a hybrid system leveraging the data layer of the blockchain. Not every startup is a scam or cash grab.
We have discussed changing the company's name to dis associate our brand form other brands that have com eon the scene, suggestions are welcome.
These efforts are difficult for any organization to take on , being that we are not 'vapor ware' but actually bringing meaningful platform and solutions to market to benefit industries like entertainment , charities and economic growth for companies that are unbanked while promoting mass adoption of crypto and Decentralization.  
All of this has been accomplished with 50k in seed btw. So Playcoin prides itself to be a corporate entity build it versus buy it and to try to make a difference with what is has to work with. 
Excuse any typos, as I am coding while I am responding ( I am not a tie guy ,,more of a crypto , dDapps and liberty loving coder  ) , More about myself can be found here . 
If you have any other suggestions please post them or email then to kevin[
@_date: 2015-05-17 06:08:09
Yes Goldcakes , The Crowdfunding platform Crowdvest.club is for companies to sell securities for bitcoin.
Crypto 2.0 of Kickstarter but with Bitcoin
@_date: 2015-05-17 06:02:05
Hey Helraizr,
We are not Paycoin ( nor affiliated with GAW). Playcoin Entertainment Corporation is an blockchain solutions company located in Atlanta , Ga .
Our Counsel  
@_date: 2015-05-21 14:55:49
CrowdVest.club has been selected to exhibit &amp; pitch MONEYCONF • BELFAST • JUNE 15-16 .   