@_author: crudpuppy_1
@_date: 2013-10-03 08:43:15
Note about password in database:
If they had access to add a record - which they apparently did.
They could have easily read our passwords(or the encrypted versions in database at least).  This is why most password routines best used are 1 way encryptions where what a user enters has to be encrypted and then compared to encrypted copy in database to validate them.  
If this type of security was used they would have to use brute force against said password list given the type of encryption basically using a vocab file etc and as long as users follow standard rules minimum 8 chars alpha numeric no standard words etc throw in some characts like !@ makes the chances of brute force really really bad!
NOTE:  There is a reason your bank etc makes you use that really hard to remember combination of junk...lol.
@_date: 2013-10-03 08:32:22
FYI,  I am a php developer for a living see infinifire.com.  I work freelance and deal with various hacks on oscommerce,phpbb,wordpress etc etc etc about once a week.  
I can NOT tell you very well without getting into the full site with logs and all what really happened here but.  
1) To be sure here you need to check your ftp logs on your server to see if a valid user was used to upload anything the recent splash of java based exploits have given away so many logins I can't begin to list our grief from unsecured client's PCs.  
2) Now if it was a avatar uploaded that was really a php script(a lot of applications have exploits like this where a user or admin login can upload what is suppose to be an image but it isn't validated) then executed your best bet is what I do is a .htaccess in the avatar folder that specifically tells apache not to run anything in that folder as anything.
Simply create a .htaccess in say /avatar or where every they are served from and put this in it
  SetHandler default-handler
this will cause apache to never use any interpreter on anything served from that folder and thus even if they upload PHP from some method it wont be usable to them from the web.
@_date: 2013-10-03 09:41:27
actually hash has a really different meaning then encrypt to me.  
what we are doing with bitcoin mining is more like 
Which is maybe why you want to use the term hash