@_author: crwhitlock
@_date: 2015-01-23 17:05:21
Do you believe Variety Jones is the largest Silk Road character to have escaped the governments grasp? To my knowledge he has remained unknown to the government and out of custody correct? I know Ross required his staff to provide him with their drivers licenses but I'm not sure if VJ was ever official SR staff. It seems he was too smart to provide DPR his drivers license for a couple grand a month. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 18:22:42
Do you feel Ross has made peace with the fact that there is a very good chance he will be spending his foreseeable future behind bars? 
@_date: 2015-01-23 15:44:12
As the trial unfolds the one thing I believe Ross will come to regret is denying his involvement in SR within this trial. I see conviction as nothing more than a formality at this point and even if by some chance a true miracle occurred and Ross was acquitted, there is a line of prosecutors with new charges to levy against him that stretches around the block. There is no way the government will ever allow this man to walk free, unless we see drastic changes. As sad as it is to say that I believe it to be the truth. Having said that I believe Ross will come to wish he had stood tall against the Goliath, taken credit for his life's work, and said he believes what he did was right. As do millions of people silently supporting him from behind computer screens. Ross is a true patriot who has helped change the world in a very short time. Like many before him, great men who have changed the world often pay an extremely high price. I hope what I am saying turns out to be false and Ross walks out of the courtroom a free man. He is a brilliant human being. Regardless of what happens I hope that Ross can take solace in the knowledge that he has applied his fingerprint to the history of the world. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:56:56
Him doing the Forbes interview was a huge mistake. It was essentially taunting the US government. If they hadn't pulled out all the stops to catch him prior to that,  they sure did after. I assume after the Forbes interview came out they greenlighted every agency they had to catch him using whatever means necessary. Legal, illegal,whatever. Just catch him. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 18:21:56
"Fucked" meaning he is going to be convicted? I would have to say yes, the likelihood of him being convicted is extremely good. But Ross isn't stupid, he knows this. I assume he has made peace with the fact that he will be spending his foreseeable future in prison. As best he can at least. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 17:16:09
To assume that she wouldn't be tilted towards the governments side would be silly. Of course she is. If Ross were to somehow be acquitted and she was blamed it would have serious repercussions on her career. Its sad but true. Her threatening to sequester the jury to keep them from hearing about their legal right to "jury nullification" was quite shocking and telling to me. Make no mistake, Ross is suppose to be convicted. He is being charged by the government and tried by the government. The jury is just a formality. The Maryland murder for hire case is already lined up and waiting just in case by some off chance he does beat these charges. They have no intention of allowing him to walk free. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:04:42
With all the mistakes Ross made, it was really only one that sealed his fate. Keeping that computer was the end all. Remove that computer from the prosecution and 99% of their evidence against him disappears. The computer IS the case against him. The journals, the logs, the witnesses, the bitcoins.. All of it stems from that computer. Had he just been able to close it, encrypting it may have saved him. I can't imagine how much this much eat at him. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 18:41:13
Two of the most interesting people from this entire saga are Variety Jones and RedandWhite. Neither of whom to my knowledge were every identified by the government. I assume the prosecution is leaving the hardest hitting evidence for last, that is when I expect we will hear about the murder for hires. I predict the jury will see all the chat logs along with the pictures of the "torture" and the "bodies". One thing Ross seems to have strangely relied on is the drivers license scans of his employees and of RedandWhite. When one could easily buy a fake license off of SR. Why would anyone actually send Ross their real ID? The fake ID's Ross ordered that were intercepted are surely going to be hard hitting evidence in this trial. It's ironic when you think about it. The seizure rate of SR items was very low, especially something that wasn't drugs. What are the odds that DPR's ID order would be intercepted by the authorities. Almost seems suspicious. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 17:52:51
As far as I know Dratel and Ross had very little idea of what the case against them was. They weren't even allowed to see the witness list against them until 2-3 days before the trial started. Though Ross had to have a good idea of what and who they were potentially going to be going up against. From the beginning Dratel was facing basically an impossible task. That computer, unencrypted, in the hands of the prosecution, was game set match for Ross and Dratel. As far as a defense strategy, it's hard to imagine what they could have gone with. From my perspective there really isn't one. You could say attacking the governments method of obtaining the servers and evidence but that really isn't a defense strategy for a jury. If the judge allows the evidence, she allows it. I'm just not sure Ross shouldn't have owned this entire thing and stood proud for his work. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 15:15:39
The recent discovery about Richard Bates and his ex girlfriend Julia have really changed the dynamic of this entire situation for me. For starters I believe the question has to be asked if the government wasn't tipped off about Ross by one of these people close to Ross who knew of his involvement, presumably his ex girlfriend Julia if she was indeed the person who posted on his facebook wall. The governments story of how they came to know it was Ross behind the administration of the SR has been shaky at best. But if they had a name to go off, to go back and pick through his internet history, and to then start physically monitoring , that would make a lot more sense then them stumbling on to the posts he made to initially advertise SR. I'm not saying this is what happened but I believe it to be a very viable possibility knowing what we know know. I find it interesting that this Julia person isn't testifying against him either. I mean when you really think about it, how would it be possible for an ex girlfriend of the most wanted and notorious criminal of our time, to keep that a secret forever. I don't think it's possible. She had to have told countless people over the years and I see no way that information wouldn't have made it back to government eventually. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 15:26:56
I think the thing people are failing to take into account is the person who started SR wasn't DPR it was an extremely naive kid who had no idea of what SR would become. It was someone completely new to the world of secrecy, and living outside the law. It was a total rookie who had no idea that the most powerful entity the world has ever known would be investing every resource they had to track him down. For a science geek with zero experience at all, who had no idea this website would even get 10 people using it, I don't think he did that bad of a job. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 16:51:39
I think he tried to cover his tracks in the wrong ways. He was living in a house with zero possessions under a fake name. Not buying anything, no cars no glamor, no life really at all. I think he thought this type of hiding would help him but what he should have realized is that everything that mattered was digital. Being caught or not all depended on his life online not his life in a physical sense. He could have lived in a mansion driving a Ferrari and it wouldn't have mattered. Keeping that damn computer and living in the US were two of his biggest undoings outside of telling his real friends about what he was doing. I believe there is a good possibility this Julia girl may have told someone who tipped off the government that Ross was running SR and this is how they came to find him. 
@_date: 2015-01-23 18:26:12
Based on the evidence against Ross so far, do you think there was any defense strategy that could have been used to earn him an acquittal? I know your not an attorney but seem to be smart guy. From my perspective it seems Dratel and Ross were facing a mountain of evidence simply too high to overcome.
@_date: 2015-01-23 18:30:21
This entire case seems to be based off of Ross's computer. If the arresting agents were unable to secure the computer and it was not available for the prosecution do you think they would have even had a case to make against Ross? It seems to me if the computer was removed from the equation Ross would be in a vastly different situation. Likely a free man and not facing life behind bars. I have not see any evidence that hasn't stemmed from the computer. 