@_author: crybannanna
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:34:44
Or they could just deny the claims.... as insurance companies often do.  Call it negligence on the part of Coinbase or some such. Fine print and all that. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:39:34
I thought the same, but apparently it’s just some dude misspelled it and dumb people made it into a meme which even dumber people love to perpetuate. 
Yeah, I said it... it’s childish and stupid. 
You and I both gave people more credit than they deserved. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:51:14
How so?
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:36:27
I have no idea what you’re freaking out about. Calm down, it was a joke. 
everyone is so quick to be offended by everything.  Stop taking yourself so seriously. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 19:02:49
How does one get his coins (or fractions thereof) off Coinbase?  
Why can’t we just leave them on there, what’s the downside?  
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:46:43
Yeah, it’s very clearly a scheme at this point. Well, to the posters on this sub anyway. Outside this sub I don’t know what people are doing, but in here they hype it up telling people to hold so that the price keeps going up. They have entirely abandoned any desire for it to be a currency and are just trying to convince people to help hyper inflate the price. 
It’s more of a game than anything. I’m sure people will now “correct” me, and in so doing will completely prove my point. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 06:01:12
Muphry’s law is the rule that if you correct someone online, you will make an error. 
It’s a play on Murphy’s law. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:24:27
Wow. I’ll actually answer, instead of just laughing at you. 
If you buy $100 worth of something that costs $10k, then you have purchased 1% of one. 
100/10,000 = 1/100 = 0.01 = 1%
If the price of 1 drops from 10k all the way down to $10, then you still own 1%. Or 1 one hundredths of a coin. 
1% of 10,000.00 = $100. 
1% of $10.00 = $0.10
Your hundred dollar investment would be worth 10 cents. Basically, you are buying a percentage of a coin. You keep that percentage as it increases or decreases in value. That percent is worth more or less, but it’s never worth a negative and is only worth nothing if the whole is worth nothing. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:09:05
I guess the question is, are the much more likely to be hacked successfully than a bank account?  
If they are, then that is a real concern. 
I have bank accounts and stock accounts, and hacking is unheard of.  BTC trading platforms should be as safe as these, no?  
I guess the mtgox thing is enough cause for safety, but it is a real risk?  If it is, that is a very serious limiting factor. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:40:44
It’s guaranteed, but if the company itself goes under due to a massive breach, then the guarantee isn’t worth the paper is isn’t even written on. 
Or maybe it is. I wouldn’t count on it is all I’m saying. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 15:25:44
Yes, the IRS is made aware of mutual funds and stocks. Basically, the brokers of traditional investments are absolutely required to notify the IRS and send you tax forms. 
This is not unique. If there’s money to be made, the tax man wants a cut. If/when you sell at a profit, there is capital gains tax to be paid. The IRS is making sure not sudden millionaires are made without them getting their slice. 
There’s really nothing to see here. Hell, even a bank is forced to notify the IRS if you deposit +10k in cash. 
Coinbase is either operator as a bank, or a commodity exchange. Having to deal with the taxman isn’t surprising. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:27:57
Insured by whom?  It isn’t covered under the FDIC, that’s for shit sure. 
I’m fairly positive it is NOT insured. Not unless they are charging you insurance premiums. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:40:49
I would argue that if you don’t raise your children to be decent human beings, you are an utter failure. You are not successful. 
So no, you can’t show me examples of successful people who raise their children to be awful humans. They are mutually exclusive. 
As to altruistic/philanthropic people, can you actually name specific examples?  I’m sure there are some altruistic people who raise terrible kids, but I think that is likely an anomaly. Usually we get our values from parents, and if a parent values being a decent human (altruism) it’s more likely that they raise another human to have that same value. 
My point isn’t that rich people don’t raise their kids right. It’s that being rich is a far worse measure of success than raising how your kids turn out. A rich man with wonderful decent people as children, is far more successful than a poor man with shithead kids. But the reverse is true too. A poor man who raises a good person is far more successful than a rich man with garbage humans for kids. 
Success /= Money. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:45:08
You’re the one throwing words like “cuck” around.  So, maybe don’t accuse others of saying stupid shit when you’re saying incredibly stupid shit. 
The only difference is, you say stupid shit and are incredibly serious about it. 
You’re really an unpleasant person to interact with. Like, immediately unpleasant. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 04:48:10
Insured for value at time of loss?  Original purchase price?  Or insured as in they replace the bitcoins that you had?
Fine print could make a huge difference here. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 05:54:01
Is there a transaction fee when you transfer your coins to your ledger wallet?  
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:43:08
Yes. It’s just like a game of Pac-Man... you can play the best game of anyone else, but you still lose eventually. 
Life = everyone loses eventually. 
On the bright side, as compared to every human who has ever died, you’re winning. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:20:37
Wealth would be great. Your chances of becoming wealthy are absurdly slim, to the point of being non existent. 
Unless you have wealthy parents, which, given your desire for wealth seems unlikely. If you did, it would be a foregone conclusion. But you don’t, so the most likely scenario is that you never achieve it. 
The system is rigged against you, man.  And before you say “well look at all these bitcoin millionaires” I’d remind you that there are a lot more lottery millionaires than bitcoin millionaires. That right, more people have been made millionaires via picking random numbers, than via investing in btc. And just like the lottery people, lots of these guys will end up broke in short order. And statistically, they barely register as existing. 
Don’t live or die by if you become wealthy, because the overwhelming odds are against you. And frankly, what makes you special?  Why are you going to buck those odds?  Are you an inventor?  An unparalleled genius?  Or just one of the billions of people who likes money?
But you can be successful, and have an amazing life. Wealth is awesome, but it isn’t everything. It can strip the joy out of things, because they come so easily. It can strip the purpose from your life because you don’t actually need to do anything of value. It can rob you of friends and loves, because maybe they just like your money. It can MAKE you a failure at life. But it sure as shit can be fun. 
Good luck, dude. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 23:41:56
Come on.... we all know it’s definitely a he. Maybe a they. But no way is it a she. 
Nothing against women, but I cannot fathom a woman coming up with this shit. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 06:32:43
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:33:17
Ok. Thanks for the advice. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 06:04:26
The fun part about human nature is that we all know he kicks himself for selling, now that he would be worth 25 million bucks.... but the tweet actually proves he would have sold at $8, even if he held past 30 cents.
So even if he held longer, he would have sold at a million different points along the way. The only way he would have held to be a millionaire is if he lost his btc wallet and forgot about it until now.... 
@_date: 2017-12-14 06:28:19
Thanks for the warning, but you probably aren’t that bad. ;)
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:40:14
That’s nice. 
Good luck collecting. Haha
@_date: 2017-12-07 14:08:53
You just described me. I invested as a gamble. It just keeps going up, I couldn’t not get on the rocket ship. 
But I’m waiting for a big crash so I can get more seats on the rocket. I just can’t buy enough at the current price. The higher the price, the greater the risk, so I’m only willing to risk so much which buys me only a tiny bit. But if it went down enough, it’s just a better gamble, so I’d put more on the table. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:46:12
I’m a pretty new person here, and I think it’s stupid as fuck. Makes it feel like the “investors” are a bunch of moronic children. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 05:43:07
Dude, you might have made a killing on bitcoin but let me give you something for free. It’s everyone’s favorite, a grammar lesson:
Your = possessive. (“Is that your bitcoin?”)
You’re = You are. (“You’re invested in bitcoin!”)
There = location (“Did I leave my wallet over there?”)
They’re = They are (“They’re going to be jealous of my newfound wealth!”)
Their = possessive (“Those guys are going to eat their hats!”)
This concludes the grammar lesson (and I’m sure I made some grammatical error, as Muphry’s Law dictates)
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:14:29
It means nothing. It’s just a dumb sound bite that can sound smart.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:44:12
How can you check an individuals wallet?  Isn’t it supposed to be private?
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:41:14
Yeah, this comment is equally childish to the hodl people. 
This sub is really an embarrassment. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 14:04:01
I think there are a surprising amount of people here who are hoping for a huge crash so they can buy a reasonable amount. 
I’m amazed that the $60M hack didn’t bring it crashing back down to $9k (imagine that, it crashing all the way down to what it was a few weeks ago). But it didn’t seem to have an effect at all. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 06:31:26
Well, I was correcting someone’s grammar, which is the douche-iest thing someone can do online (apparently), so no worries there. 
@_date: 2018-09-22 02:44:25
Discrimination against a fraud and conman. 
Not usually what we classify as discrimination, but it fits the definition. Just like when someone says they won’t date a smoker, or when a landlord says no pet. It’s discriminating in the technical sense, but not in any illegal or unethical way. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:41:35
He forgot to add, and then you get murdered. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:39:11
Yeah, it was a joke. Not based on mathematics ability at all, just based on interest. 
I have never heard any woman into cryptocurrency. Every person who I’ve ever met whose super into it has been male. 
Like, how many women do you think are in this sub?  5... 10%?  Maybe I’m way off and my experience is not accurate, but it seems like a bit of a male dominated interest to me. 
But yeah, it could be a woman. It could be a group of women. It could be a serial killing, part-time clown, who draws comics in her free time. Could be anything. 
@_date: 2018-05-24 15:36:28
If it always goes back down, and always climbs back up...... maybe money could be made here?  
Buy low, sell high.... wait for the dip, buy more, wait for the spike, sell. 
Why have I not been doing this?  Oh right, because I’m a coward and a fool. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 13:56:05
Knowing you will be successful is great. Knowing you will be wealthy is foolish. 
Wealth isn’t the end all - be all.  And it is absolutely a shitty measure of a successful life. Lots and lots of rich assholes, producing arrogant, garbage children.  Wealthy, and by almost any measure besides assets, total failures at life. 
@_date: 2017-08-02 23:56:21
Plus the property has next to no risk, while bitcoin has no history from which to calculate risk, which means it is extraordinarily high risk. 
So yeah, he made the right call. But in 20 years he might look back and curse it, or be quite happy. It all depends on how things progress in an uncertain world 
@_date: 2018-06-27 12:25:19
Because a practical usefulness gives a commodity its basement value.
Crypto currently has next to no practical value, so it’s basement value is 0. If people suddenly didn’t care about gold, it would still be bought and sold based on its practical use. Crypto would just die instantly if it lost its appeal. 
@_date: 2018-06-27 12:22:21
Value is often linked to use. 
Gold is far more useful in reality than bitcoin. Sorry, but that’s just reality. Fanboy love affair aside. Gold has practical use in manufacturing. Bitcoin is no more useful than any other crypto, which is no more useful than electronic funds held in cash. 
It is not useful as a currency, too much volatility and too difficult to actually use as such. 
Crypto is a commodity whose only appeal is its current appeal. That can work well.... until it doesn’t.  
@_date: 2018-06-27 14:00:28
It’s a terrible currency though. Too volatile. 
@_date: 2018-06-27 02:28:41
Good actually has real value in the physical world. It’s a great conductor of electricity. 
@_date: 2018-06-27 19:41:37
I’ll likely be dead in 50 years..... so I won’t be doing that but thanks. 
@_date: 2018-06-27 18:47:52
It would need to be stable for longer than a few months. But if it does stabilize for a year or two, then you’re in business. 
Though, there remains the problem of manipulation. It is currently easy for a single person, or small group, to radically change value. Even unintentionally. A currency that could have its value destroyed by a single individuals whim, is a risk. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:02:13
On the one hand, I like the idea of all these newly rich people. On the other, I feel bad for all the people who are going to inevitably jump off buildings because they lost their wealth by not selling at the peak. 
The value of bitcoin is in the momentum of bitcoin. It’s rapid rise is making people, myself included, jump on board for fear of losing out.  But this type of exponential growth seems unsustainable. Especially when a few people holding lots of bitcoin could decide to cash out, and set off a spiral. 
The creator, and likely large bitcoin holder, is anonymous. Could be anyone. So there is no way to predict if he wants or needs to cash out. He could be 98 years old, and on his death bed, and his children cash out because they aren’t true believers. Flooding the market with bitcoin would drop its value, and a sudden drop might see nervous people do likewise. Which, would be the crash that lots of folks are predicting. Leading to the inevitable gnashing of teeth and increased suicide rate i was referring to earlier. 
Then again, it could stabilize at 100,000 and in 30 years people will look back at a revolutionized world.  It is impossible to predict, which is what makes it so damn risky. Nevertheless, you’d be a fool not to invest.... but you’d be a fool to invest more than you can stand to lose. I’ve been watching this for a while thinking “these people are nuts” as I see them make multiple times their investment in a short order. And it keeps happening over and over.  I have no doubt that there is an end to this train, but it could be 5 years of exponential growth before the train derails. 
So I got my ticket to ride, and plan on putting any spare money I have as time goes on. Anything I can bear to lose, is going on the train.  I just can’t sit and stare as the train passes by screaming at the passengers that they are doomed. No, I’m getting on at the station and hoping I can jump off at the top of the hill. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:33:00
That isn’t true at all. There are other currencies, but if the US dollar were to crumble it would lead to a global financial catastrophe. You don’t seem to realize how intertwined us financial interests are with the global economy. Forgetting all the currencies that are directly linked to the USD, many economies rely on US purchasing power. 
Do you think that the Euro would be unaffected by the collapse of the us economy?  You’re not getting how interdependent countries are in a global economy. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:28:00
Because if 99.9% of people can’t hope to understand something, then how does it get adopted?  
And yet again you point to the dramatic price increase as a proof, without really understanding what drives that increase. You don’t seem to understand some fundamental principles of economics. 
You sound like great material for iamverysmart. 
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:10:11
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:51:57
You don’t need to, but it certainly helps. At least the basic fundamentals are usually understood by people who invest money in something. 
Most people understand the basics of a 401k, and are comfortable investing in one. If they didn’t understand it at all, they would be far more hesitant if not entirely resistant to the idea. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:40:25
People also said that about a billion things that you’ve never heard of because they were right. 
When someone says, “that’s bound to fail” statistically they are making the safe assumption. Most things fail. We just remember the things that didn’t. 
It’s like for every Bill Gates, there are about 1000 John Murphys. Who is John Murphy.... no one. That’s the point.  He’s some guy who tried and failed, and died penniless and alone. We look at risk takers as heroes because the only ones we see are the winners. If we saw all the losers too, we would cry and no one would ever take a risk again. They far, far outnumber the winners. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 03:45:03
Not a full understanding, but a basic fundamental one. 
It’s often repeated because it bears repeating. Voluntary adoption of anything requires some understanding of how the thing works. I’m not saying one need to know how the actual processor of a phone works, but the need to be able to understand how the OS functions. How to make a call.  How to open the internet app. That’s sort of thing. 
Bitcoin doesn’t make sense for a lot of folks beyond the nitty gritty. Why does the uSD need replacing?  Why is the a benefit to anyone?  How can I spend a currency whose value is constantly changing?  How do I get any?  How do I use it?  What’s the deal with “cold storage wallets” and keys and strings and stuff?  Aren’t people sitting on millions that they can’t get to because they can’t remember the password?  Didn’t a lot of them disappear or get stolen or something?  Wasn’t this stuff worthless like 2 years ago?  What the hell is mining?  Why don’t we just go back to using gold?  (Please don’t answer these questions, I’m not asking them, I’m posing them as questions someone would have. They are rhetorical). 
About the only thing that is easily digestible is that a bitcoin is something people want right now and are willing to pay about 10G for one of them. 
Realistically, in order to replace the current currency, a new one has to be better. Offer something really great. Bitcoin doesn’t do that, largely because currency works pretty flawlessly as intended, as a means for storing value to trade for goods and services. What’s more, it’s value is backed by something. Once it was gold, but now it’s the government itself. BTC is backed by nothing and so it’s value is entirely at the whims of the subjective mob. There is literally nothing preventing it from being worth 1 cent tomorrow. Nothing, save for the fact that more people are buying than are selling. Which, as anyone who has ever worked with commodities can tell you, is not particularly stable. That makes for a worse currency, not a better one. 
But, that could change. The more it is adopted, the more stabile it becomes. The more it is baked into the system, the more improbable it is to crash. It’s got a huge potential to work, but it’s still a big question mark if it will. Right now, it’s all speculation and hype. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:03:39
You’re making a shit ton of suppositions that are largely baseless. Sounds more like conspiracy theory stuff, rather than rational analysis. You’re emotionally invested, which is not the best way to invest. 
Like people who buy lots of gold, thinking the dollar will collapse. Sky is falling mentality. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:50:26
The us elected a president based on memes.... so, we are in an odd time. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:56:00
Volatility is a stock going down 12% then up 14% then down 20% then down 20% then up 40%
Risk is the potential for loss. 
Volatile commodities have more downswings, so more chance of selling on the down. Therefore more potential for loss. 
Volatility is tied to risk, but is not synonymous. 
A stock that goes up 1% a month forever has no risk. There is no down. It’s only up. There is a risk of an unforeseen down, but theoretically speaking, there isn’t a down in this instance.  So you can predict the future value of that investment with reasonable accuracy. The risk is minimal. 
A volatile stock is much harder to predict. In any given time frame, it can be up or down. You can gain or lose. That is risk. The likelihood of loss. 
Now, some volatile commodities can be predictable over a longer period, and risk can be mitigated. But it is still at greater risk for not hitting a given prediction. 
Am I making sense?
The stock market is more volatile than the US dollar. If you had a month to invest your money, after which you had to settle up, it would be far more risky to put it in the market than to keep it as cash. However, given the performance of the stock market over a 30 year period, it is less risky to put your money in the market if you could leave it there for 30 years.... even though it is more volatile. Because we can predict with reasonable certainty that the value of the cash will decrease over that time, and the value of the stocks will increase over that time. 
The issue with bitcoin is that it isn’t old enough to have a predictable future. What is the financial gain/loss over a given time period?  I don’t know. No one does. What is the expected value in 1 year?  5? 30?  It isn’t predictable because it isn’t old enough to have a history to compare it against.  The stock market has been around long enough to see the repeat trends over multiple long periods, and short periods. We can predict things due to large datasets of history. We don’t have that with btc. We have an unknowable future, which makes it a risky proposition. It could go way up, or it could crash and burn at any moment. It isn’t stable yet, which is risky. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:17:21
You missed the point. This same thing you’re saying has been said.... the object of fascination changes, but the “the world economy will fall and only X will save us” hysteria is EXACTLY the same. 
It’s a broken record. 
Pretty much everything you’re saying has been said in commercials selling gold coins airing late at night to the elderly on FoxNews. You just substitute gold for crypto currency. None of the substance changes. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:41:48
You aren’t saying anything that hasn’t been said for the past 40 years. It’s doomsday stuff, and it never comes to fruition. That doesn’t mean you aren’t right, just that you are by no means the first.  The US economy isn’t quite as fragile as some seem to believe, at least it hasn’t been as it survived tons of doomsday prophesies. 
I’m old enough to have seen this exact thing several times.  Obviously never with crypto as the object, but it’s essentially the same pattern recurring. 
That isn’t to say the people buying up gold for fear of the dollars collapse didn’t get rich doing it. So if the end result is you get rich, the motivations don’t much matter, even if they are based on slightly irrational fears. End of the day, you win... others lose. So good luck, my friend. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:28:06
I think everyone knows that it won’t go forever. The question is, will it rise then settle, will it fall then settle, or will it crash and burn. Those are the only three possible options that i can think of. 
If it settles, and holds its value, then becomes adopted as currency, it could stay stable indefinitely. But lots of things need to align for that. First, it needs to stay stable for a long enough period for people to stop thinking the value will fluctuate. It needs to be usable. It needs to be accepted by lots more merchants and have low transaction fees (at least as low as credit cards have now). 
The problem as I see it, is that it’s main current value is purely speculative. So if there is a downturn, which doesn’t immediately correct, it could lead to a sell off and a crash. This wouldn’t be the first time something skyrockets in value, then plunges and dies. 
If we could see the future, we’d all be rich. But we can’t. We can only take our best guess. With bitcoin, your guess is as good as mine.  I can’t begin to predict where it will go. I’m always a bit cautious, so I think there are many more ways for it to go bad then for it to go right... in the long term that is.  It seems a bit too precarious for my liking. Then again, this exact thinking is what made me shrug it off in the past when I could have invested and made a fortune, which pisses me off.  And in ten years I might be kicking myself for not investing now. Who knows. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 00:34:17
But he is right. Volatility doesn’t mean that it’s worth noting, just that the risk is very high. And it absolutely is, which is why the reward is high. 
Bitcoin hasn’t shifted any paradigm. It’s merely a commodity that is being traded at high value due to low supply, and speculation. It is currently completely worthless as a currency due to its rapid value increase. 
Imagine using a dollar to buy something that tomorrow might be worth 2. You wouldn’t. Every transaction risks a huge loss. Stability is perhaps the most important feature of a working currency. Commodities in the other hand don’t need stability. 
So what is the value of a currency that can’t be spent?  That has story after story of people who lost out because they used it to buy a pizza, and are now a million dollars poorer?  How does that become viable, ever?
@_date: 2017-11-21 05:00:06
But.... computer hardware depreciates rather rapidly. If it’s worth 10k now, what will it be worth in 5 years?
Doesn’t it essentially halve in value every 1.5 years or so?  
That’s not really hedging your bets at all. Hedging your bets would be selling 1 of those btc each year you make 3, and using those funds to invest in something different and ostensibly inversely correlated to btc. So that if btc drops, your alternate investment rises and offsets some of the loss. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:00:21
It’s function is as a currency, and it is not a successful currency. People are investing, they are buying and selling, they are not using it as a currency. It is seeing record investment, not adoption. 
So I would say that it was more successful back then when people used it to buy pizza, than now when no one is doing that. It’s value is entirely speculative at this point. People are investing because they want in on a commodity whose value has seen exponential growth. That’s it. When that rapid growth stops, which is 100% certainty, two things can happen. Either it stabilizes which allows it to be used as currency, and it fulfills its purpose, or people begin to sell and it spirals and crashes. 
There really isn’t another option, and at this point I see no reason to think option 1 is more likely than option 2. But in the meantime, it could have another decade of insane growth.... the peak value is totally unpredictable.  It could be at its peak in 4 days, or 4 years. At the end of the day, some people will look prescient, and some will look like utter fools. We won’t know which until the dust settles. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:44:41
I think we are both in a cycle of having the same conversation with lots of people, trying to communicate things that we each find abundantly clear and immensely obvious, confronted by an unwillingness of the other party to listen to reason. Funny that we happen to be arguing the exact opposite. 


I’m sorry, but none of what you wrote constitutes a backing of a currency. This isn’t me making things up, it’s basic economics. I think maybe you’re confusing the term “backing” with “supporting”. They aren’t the same. A currency’s backing refers to the underpinning of it’s maintained value. In the case of the USD, it was originally backed by gold. Then it was backed by the faith and credit of the US government. Such that for the dollar to be valueless, the government itself would need to collapse. That is unlikely to occur for the US, but not so unlikely for some countries, many of which choose to back their own currency with the USD. 
So being supported by smart people, is not a legitimate backing of a currency. It may be cause to believe in its future, but that is in no way the same thing. 
I think that perhaps the reason you find yourself having the same conversation is because you really aren’t listening to the people you talk with. I don’t mean this to be insulting, just that you sound emotionally invested and closed off to criticism of this item, which is the enemy of reason and openness.  I totally see the potential of bitcoin, by the way. But seeing the potential does not mean that you should be blind to the current reality.  There are a million reasons why things that should succeed, don’t end up succeeding. Superior technology is often beaten out by inferior tech. 
Anyway, it’s probably pointless to go back and forth about this because we aren’t likely to get anywhere, but it was nice chatting.
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:26:02
I’m not scolding anything. I’m simply analyzing it unemotionally. Something lots of folks on here seem rather incapable of doing. 
I’m sorry, but bitcoin really is backed by nothing. A handful of people who love it, is not really a backing of a global currency. 
Even if you believe fully in the technology and the concept, what’s stopping something else from supplanting it?  The catchy name?  What is special about bitcoin that makes it irreplaceable?  What stops a million alt coins from totally reversing the demand for btc?  Nothing as far as I’m aware. 
And saying “it will come” is an attempt to predict and unpredictable future. That is what is giving it the current value, but it’s entirely speculative. You aren’t prescient, so it’s just your best guess. You could be right, and you could be wrong. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:32:38
When the exchange rate will have stabilized at 400k?  I’m confused, do you mean one bitcoin will be worth 400k in the future?
If bitcoin stabilizes at any value at or above current, and 2 billion people use it as currency, then I won’t have any argument. It will have fulfilled its role as a currency, and then its value will be obvious.
But that hasn’t happened, and doesn’t seem to be happening anytime soon. Lots of time between now and that potential future, and lots of opportunity for something to occur which prevents it from happening. 
If it was certain, and the future value was known, then that would be the current value. Until then, it’s all just guesswork. Some will be right and others wrong. Some will become rich and others will go broke. That is the plight of we temporally linear animals. We can all just take our best case with the information available and roll the dice. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:34:27
But... no one is spending it now. This drastic increase in price has made it essentially unspendable. 
What we see now are people buying and selling it, like a commodity.... not using it, like a currency. As long as it remains unstable, it’s function as a currency is completely implausible. 
That doesn’t mean its value won’t continue to rise for some time. There really is no predicting something this volatile.  While that will create wealth for some, it is all speculative. People are gambling.  It’s a pretty decent bet in the short term, but no one knows the long term. By all accounts, this looks like a great big bubble, and I would be shocked if it didn’t burst in the next few years, but in that time it could see 100x price increase. 
The faster the increase, the more likely it will crash. Then again, it might not. It is entirely possible that it will stabilize at a high value and begin to get adopted as real currency thereafter. No one knows. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:10:59
It seems to be currently valued based on scarcity, and speculation.  It is acting like a commodity, similar to gold or platinum. It’s value is based entirely on people’s belief in its value, though that isn’t inherently bad or anything. That’s how most things without direct utility applications are valued. 
It’s no coincidence that generating more bitcoins is called mining. Currency doesn’t really get mined, commodities do. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 00:13:43
Considering he is anonymous, he could be anyone. Like some deviant psychopath. 
You can’t think of anyone more deserving of wealth than someone whose identity is entirely unknown to you?  
And before you get too snippy at me, remember who you’re talking to... I might be him for all you know. 
@_date: 2015-07-21 17:57:01
Sure there is. The first scene shows Elliot taking down a pedophile... Pretty widely agreed they are bad guys. Therefore, Elliot is immediately the good guy. 
He also takes a dog away from someone who is shown as mildly abusive toward it while protecting his therapist from a sleaze. Again, Elliot vs assholes. He is the protagonist. No two ways about it, he is our hero. 
The corporation is clearly portrayed as evil. It's called evil corp, the current main executive (that we see most) is being shown as a violent sociopath (Who pays a bum to let him beat him). Beyond that we know that the corporation is directly responsible for the death of the parents of two of our main characters. They are essentially like the mugger who shoots Bruce Wayne's dad, helping to creat Batman. 
this show could not paint the corporation as evil, and the hackers as good, more if they actually gave the latter capes and the former an evil lair.  They would literally need to have a flashing sign saying "these are the good guys" to make it any more clear.  There is no conceivable way to view it differently in my mind so this conversation is very confusing to me. 
@_date: 2017-11-21 04:49:45
Sure, but many things are more easily predicted based on historical reality. 
For instance, tomorrow the US dollar could collapse. We can’t be certain it won’t. But we can be certain of a few things that would necessarily follow if it did. The entire worlds economy would be harmed, including crypto currencies. Because most things are directly or indirectly tied to large currency systems. If the dollar collapses, so do all US reliant companies, and those employed by them, leading to a depression, leading to stifled growth and an inability for people to buy products, including commodities, including bitcoin. Unemployed people sell assets to live, including bitcoin they now hold because they don’t need the spendable money. But fewer people have disposable money to buy, so the price drops. 
That’s why some investments are considered high risk, high reward... or low risk, low reward. The greater the risk, the more rapid one can get returns. The very fact that the value of bitcoin is rapidly rising highlights its risk.  The more things are dependent on the stability of a currency or commodity, the most stable it is. It’s similar to large corporations who are too big to fail. It means that they can’t be allowed to fail because it would ruin the entire economy. So it has the backing of that entire economy. So it won’t likely ever fail, even if it would without external help, because it will always be bailed out. 
Sorry, I might be rambling here. 
@_date: 2015-07-21 18:20:30
Are they?  Romero used to know people who used drugs (he suggests that anyway). The Muslim girl surely isn't. The chubby guy doesn't seem to be. Mr robot doesn't seem like a user. 
Have we ever seen the girl use drugs either?  
Seems like it's just Elliot to me, did I miss something?  
@_date: 2017-11-21 13:25:07
Volatility is instability. 
Unstable things are inherently more risky. It isn’t the same thing, but it is highly correlated to a degree that it might as well be the same. 
@_date: 2015-07-21 18:09:45
The guy might be right about the show being boring (though I disagree)... Because that's opinion. 
His analysis of the show was incredibly off, though. They make it very clear that the corporation is the villain, and Elliot is our flawed hero. More Batman than Superman. 
To get any indication of the reverse, given how the characters have been developed, is the product of a warped mind with an agenda and loads of confirmation bias. In every conceivable way (including the name) Evil corp is shown as the exemplification of modern evil. The CTO pays homeless people so that e can beat them up. The previous CTO was directly responsible for the death of Elliot's father (batman similarity). 
Meanwhile the hacker is going around stopping pedophiles and murderers and saving abused dogs.  He is doing it unethically, but hacking (this type of hacking) is unethical by nature. He is a vigilante, not a superhero. He is also a drug addict, but few would suggest that this would make him a bad person... Just a flawed person. He has mental instability, again few would suggest it makes him bad... Just flawed.  When confronted with keeping his supply of drugs or stopping a violent criminal who hurt his friend, he made the unselfish choice. 
The lines between good an evil have been clearly drawn.  Can't imagine how OP could consider it even questionable. 
@_date: 2015-07-21 18:15:00
I'm digging hard and still haven't found it. I'm down like 20 ft.
Guess I just haven't reached OPs agenda yet... Found a box labeled "heavy confirmation bias" though. Maybe I should open it. 
@_date: 2015-07-21 18:18:07
Actually this is the only thing here I can agree with. 
As someone who is quitting smoking (currently wearing the patch and everything), it's very apparent to me that every character smokes a ton. Way more than normal for a TV show or even reality. Haven't seen this much smoking on tv since Mad Men. At least that one was temporally accurate as everyone smoked back then. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 15:50:43
Not saying gawker doesn’t suck.... just that it was super weird how he did it all secretly.  Plus it’s super petty. I guess I just prefer my billionaires throwing cars in space, or saving Africa or something.... petty vengeance is a crazy look on people who have influence, power, and uncountable fortunes. 
I also don’t love the precedent of a super rich guy just hammering on a business until it goes under. Even if that business sucks a turd. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 14:24:47
Isn’t Peter Thiel a bit of a wingnut though.  
He was the dude who secretly funded lawsuits against gawker to destroy it, because they uncloseted him, right?  
And he has ideas about floating countries for billionaires, or something?
@_date: 2018-02-20 03:16:33
This is what banks look like in Finland?  For real?  That doesn’t look very secure at all. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 21:53:13
A billionaire with a penchant for vengeance?  It’s not a great thing. 
@_date: 2017-09-09 00:10:56
Though it's way overkill, you probably build the mount with an internet connection and a simple program that points it up when bitcoin is trending up, and down when it's down. You know, if you have a raspberry pie laying around. 
@_date: 2017-10-21 19:31:05
Well that’s the problem. No one is investing in it to use it as currency. The huge inflation of value makes it a completely foolish thing to do. You wouldn’t spend a quarter if you knew it was worth only a dime yesterday. You’d hang onto it, because tomorrow it might be 50cents. 
People spend money because they know it’s worth the same or less tomorrow.  
It’s being bought and sold, but not used as intended. It can’t be used as currency unless / until it stabilizes in value.  If it is known for wild fluctuations, then that absolutely ruins the confidence in its stability which has the effect of ruining its stability. 
So it’s now a commodity with no underlying value (given that its primary purpose has been destroyed with rapid value growth). Stabilization for a few years would help, but it might be too late. The Constant “bitcoin is skyrocketing” narrative certainly isn’t helping long term. It’s helping to add short term speculative value, but that is ultimately unsustainable. Commodities all have function which insures against crashes. Knowing that something like oil has real world value helps to prevent it from simply being valued at 0. Nothing stops bitcoin from tanking to nothing, except people’s belief.  
It has the value foundation of currency (nothing), and is only functional as a commodity. It’s a big problem that no one seems to recognize. But they will. 
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:12:32
He’s basing it on absolutely nothing. Just pulled it right out of his ass. 
@_date: 2017-10-21 14:02:38
It’s likely to go beyond that, the problem is that it’s also pretty likely to crash at any moment. 
Bitcoin isn’t rising in value for any reason other than it is rising in value. Meaning its rapid rise is causing people to invest to get in on the quick buck.... but it has no underlying value causing it to rise. In fact, the volatility ruins its potential as a currency. Currencies need to be relatively stable to function properly.  Bitcoin has become a commodity, which is rising only because of a feedback loop. When will that loop end, is anyone’s guess. When it does, it could stabilize but it could also free fall. 
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:41:01
Hahaha. No. 
Demand is growing because value is rising. Value is rising because demand is growing. It’s that simple. 
A currency cannot function if its value rises so dramatically. Consider this, let’s say you’re buying a cup of coffee. You can use USD or BTC. If you spend $3 in USD, at the end of the day it will have cost you $3. If you spend $3 in BTC, by the end of the day that cup of coffee may have cost you $4. 
Every purchase is a roulette wheel. And worse, with value continually rising it is always a losing roulette wheel. 
Bitcoin is a commodity, like oil.  It’s function as a currency is absolutely terrible. Way too volatile to spend. Totally not predictable enough. 
@_date: 2018-03-12 04:06:11
No... it was pretty accurate though. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 21:39:58
It’s simply because they are annoyed at the people who seem to love it, without any real reason. 
It’s like people who now hate on rick and Morty. When something has an annoying, pretentious fan base, who tend to view themselves as better than others because of that thing they like, it gets on peoples nerves. 
Trying to think of other similar things, and my brain keeps bringing me to gwyneth Paltrow, but I don’t really think that is relevant. Sort of a similar vibe though. That “I’m better than you” shit that people hate.  
Just my two cents
@_date: 2017-05-22 23:59:12
Edit:  I was wrong... sorry. 
@_date: 2018-12-11 22:39:21
I only invested a small amount, and lost a small amount. I agree bitcoin isn’t going anywhere... so I have my tiny little stash just in case it does. 
Unrealized losses legit aren’t losses though. Lost potential, but until you actually sell it’s not an actual loss. Similarly, if you don’t sell when you’re up it isn’t a gain. Just ask the IRS. I mean that’s just basic investing. 
@_date: 2018-12-11 22:37:27
They do, but graphically the first one (non log) is better. It shows the information clearly without having to dive deeper or even look at the axes beyond passing. 
If you see the linear graph, and only know the top and bottom values, the story becomes intuitive. 
If you see the log scale graph, you can’t take it at face value. Which is the entire purpose of graphical representations of data. 
@_date: 2018-12-11 22:32:24
You don’t hodl because people tell you to.  You do so because you’ve lost money, unless you don’t sell.... and then losses aren’t realized and could become gains. 
Never buy high and sell low. Better just to hold on or die waiting. My daughter can find out that I lost a bundle, but I never will.... unless I sell. 