@_author: crypto93299
@_date: 2018-04-28 01:23:10
Except, you know, the fact that block size is bigger and fees are smaller.  But who cares about that?  Surely not Satoshi...
@_date: 2018-04-29 01:43:37
Let's look at 2 situations here.
First, I open an account at a bank that's been around for quite some time. It's well known, but they are not keeping up with the changes in the financial system as well as some other banks. Their services still work, but due to technical disadvantages, anytime I want to transact using the money I have in that bank, I have to wait 10 minutes or more for my transaction to be approved. On top of that, every time I want to purchase something, even something as small as a cup of coffee or a candy bar from my local store, I get charged "service fees" that can increase exponentially depending on how many others are trying to transact at the same time. These service fees cost just as much as my candy bar, sometimes even more. Sure the bank has been around awhile, but because it's not willing to make the changes necessary to speed up transaction times and lower service fees, it becomes a pain trying to use the money I have in that account on a day-to-day basis.
Upon seeing this disadvantages and how they affect the consumers using these financial services, a few of the guys leave their old jobs at the first bank and decide to start a new one. This new bank allows for quicker transaction times, due to using better technology, and on top of it, the service fees are a lot more acceptable. Now my candy bar isn't doubling in cost and I can live with the penny or two that the new bank charges me to transact. Sure, this new bank hasn't been around for quite as long, but the guys that started it were active and well known at the old bank and saw the opportunity to make something more functional. Something that's not resistant to change. Something that stays true to what a bank should be - an institution that allows for the transfer of money in the fast digital world of commerce.
Sure, my grandparents still use the old bank because that's what they are more familiar with. They think that the new bank alienates consumers because in their eyes, the old system wasn't broken per se, just not as convenient for the consumer. But while they wait for their purchases to confirm and lose more and more of their hard earned money to service fees, a growing population of consumers is seeing that the new bank might actually be on to something here.
Tell me, are you stuck with the grandparents, or are you financially aware of the changes that need to take place in order to keep up with growing consumption?