@_author: cryptobnbico
@_date: 2017-11-24 13:14:43
Trust factors boosted for the hospitality industry.
@_date: 2017-11-25 21:02:52
**Cryptobnb: Combining blockchain with Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Big Data**
CryptoBnB is an online next-generation platform for short-term rental and tenant smart-matching marketplace. Due to the growing culture of millennials’ constant renting and travelling, CryptoBnB was conceived to create trust that assures homeowners of safety in renting to prescreened and verified strangers. As a new marketplace, CryptoBnB is aiming at improving the current options available to travelers by offering more efficiency on searches, overall lower fees and better flexibility by using blockchain smart contracts combined with AI and Big data to find desired accommodation in the most efficient way.
Blockchain technology will enable CryptoBnB to  expand  on  the  existing  model  and    address  the  challenges in the short-term rental market. This will be actualized by combining the pre-existing short-term rental models with modern technology for an improved marketplace that addresses shortcomings resulting in low ROI for hosts.
By applying Blockchain  (smart  contracts), Interplanetary  File  System  (IPFS), Artificial  Intelligence and Big  Data CryptoBnB will address heaps of inefficiencies that have resulted  in  more  administrative  work with higher  overheads, technology improvement limitations, poor search function, and poor marketing capabilities.
To further leap it ahead of its competitors, CryptoBnB will have its results generated excellently owing to the enhanced intelligent search engine that will rely on pulling AI data from blockchain. CrytoBnB  will  also  employ the use of  p2p  smartcontracts  between  its  users  to  conduct  transactions in the  platform.
The smart contract, created on EVM, immutably track and transfer long values with safe management of sensitive information. This ability in combination with Inter Planetary File System (IPFS) will create blocks for only permissioned access to information. The sender and recipient of funds will be protected by the hashed digital ownership certificate within the CryptoDNA smart contract. The irreproducible certificate protects the property against  false  listings  and  unauthorized  renting. The blockchain-based platform will record real-time settlement of transactions,  eliminate third parties, retain a source-secured public history of transactions and retain  secure  and   immutable  property  records.
AI  and  Big  Data
AI and Big Data combined with smart contracts will create an intelligent wallet called CryptoDNA, a unique smart contract-based proprietary application that combines third party ID management, big data, and artificial intelligent preference management. CryptoDNA will power the platform’s intelligent search engine to enhance its matchmaking  based  on  AI and  big  data. CryptoDNA will eventually allow the growing storage of owner’s personal data to shape the wallet’s digital identities and proper rating system to take hold. CryptoDNA captures the  DNA  of  its  users  as travelers,  host  or  service  providers. The  wallet  will  also differentiate  the  users’  experience by decentralizing, customizing and personalizing their needs and wants. Without a doubt, CryptoDNA is an idea whose time has come; no force can resist its imminent influence.
